Like many others in the review I also have excellent credit and was surprised by the &#34;unable to make a decision statement&#34; Once I saw it was Chase Bank, I immediately got the phone number,called Amazon Chase and they withdrew my application and cancelled my request. I really didn't need the card, I guess the $95.00 gift certificate suckered me in. Am a serious Amazon shopper and I don't think clearly when I see a way of saving money.
I believe there is misleading information about this card. In the pricing and terms info, it is indicated that for a "signature" account, the APR will be 13.24%, and for a "platinum" account, the APR will be 18.24-21.24%. However, the account level is chosen for you upon approval, and your APR is determined based on other factors (as it always is). I was approved for a platinum account (which I do not care about and would not have selected given the choice) with an APR of 21.24%, which is ridiculous, considering my high credit score and longstanding good history with Chase Visa. When I called to inquire about the account type and APR, I was told that regardless of the account type, my APR would be the same. I believe that posting information stating that your APR will be lower than it really might be is misleading. I understand that there is never a guarantee and that rates do change, but I thought others should be aware of this concern.
I applied and approved for this card, however, I never did receive it in the mail.  I am trying to pay online, but I have NO clue what my acct # is.
I think this card would be great if it had a more reasonable APR. although promotional 0% APR is avaliable once in awhile but once thats up or you dont use it . rates are ridiculous.. I dont use the card because of that i just have it as a back up for an absolute extreme emergency.
The card is great;the problem is that within three years I have had three cards, the last two within 5 months of each other, because someone has stolen it when I have used it online.  I keep the card next to my computer and only use it for online purchases.  Three times someone has hacked it, with the last two being directly after placing an order with amazon.com. Amazon and Chase Bank deny that the problem lies within their systems.  I beg to differ since it is too obvious that the last two times it was stolen was directly after an Amazon purchase.
the case looks great and is well made but it has one flaw withe the i phone antennae running around the outside edge of the phone  the great shockproof rubber of the case blocks the signal i had to cut some of the rubber out to get signal on that note with a little more development jt would be unbeatable
I attempted to log in to my account but the last password I changed to was not accepted. In trying to reset the password, I tried my previous password to see if it would be accepted. It was rejected as being used already!There is an issue here that should be resolved
I have had this card since last December and I find the interest rate too high and I will probably have to close this account.
I will likely not use this card for future purchases because the interest rate is double the rate of my other cards.
Since being informed about your system being hacked and credit card information being at risk I have had to cancel that credit card and another card from my bank.  I have had both cards reissued with different numbers.  I am hesitant to try using a credit card with you again due to security reasons.  Do you have a plan where I can mail a check for future purchases?
The only reason I applied was to get the gift card.  I too was going to make a purchase, after filling out the application they said it could take 30 days for approval. Misleading!!!! So I quess I will be cancelling unless they do something fast.  Because I have no real need for it other that Amazon purchases.  Just saying beware u may not get a discount instantly!
I did not take the time to read that this card was going to be from Chase, because I already had a card with Chase for Disney.  I liked the idea of the Amazon rewards, but all the perks on the other card were much better.  I had planned to pay off the other card and keep the Amazon card, but Chase was not willing to make the perks on the Amazon card as good as the Disney card (even given the scenario that I paid off the other can closed it), so I was forced to keep that one and cancel the Amazon card.  Very disappointing.
I've owned an Amazon Visa card for 8 years and was very happy with it until now.  Last year while on vacation my card was cancelled without any notification from Chase.  I called them after it was rejected and they said that one of Amazon's vendor's online accounts, who I made a purchase with through Amazon, was compromised(hacked) and that for security purposes I was issued a new card with new numbers.  I said that the card included protections from unauthorized purchases and thus I was protected.  They said too bad you are getting a new card.  Obviously, they are not protecting me but protecting themselves and Amazon from having to pay for any possible, not confirmed, but possible unauthorized purchases.  After the new card was issued for &#34;my protection&#34; I had to change every automated payment account that I have.  Lots of time wasted there.  Fast forward to yesterday.  I get an email from Chase saying that due to my purchase at Target during the now infamous Christmas security breach I will be issued yet another new card for &#34;my protection&#34;.  Obviously Chase is more concerned with protecting itself from any possible unauthorized purchases than having happy loyal customers so I am now done with Chase and am searching for a new rewards card for my valuable &#34;time protection&#34;.
I take offense to a credit limit of $500.00. I assume my credit was checked before issuing me the card, therefore the $500.00 isludicrous. I can spend that amount on one purchase. This card is not useful for my monthly spending. I have a history of payingmy bills in full which you should also have learned in your credit check. I called your credit dept. but they refused to increase mylimit.
don't like that when the bill from chase comes items purchased are not listed.just that the charge comes from amazon. also don't like that even though i pay the bill in full when it comes in, i am getting charged interest right from the start. i am not planning on using the rewards visa again for these reasons.
I have been previously seduced, by the excellence of Amazon and a small monetary inducement, to make an application for this card issued by Chase. It seems the too-big-to-fail banks, whom many people despise, like to attach themselves to merchants, like Amazon, whom many people respect. I have a &#34;Costco&#34; Amex card, also  &#34;AmericanAirlines&#34; Citi and &#34;Sony&#34; CapitalOne. All these cards are useful, provided one pays on time and preferably in full; otherwise, they can start to act like loan sharks. For some reason, I have always been rejected  by &#34;Amazon&#34; Chase. As I buy nearly everything except food on Amazon, and have quite a large spotless mortgage, getting turned down for a consumer card is just irritating, especially as such a rejection impacts one's credit. However, this time I got accepted.
Interest rate is ridiculous. It is o.k. to have in a pinch but I would not recommend using regularly. I get many offers in the mail at significantly lower rates, no annual fees, and money back. The only really cool thing is the first purchase discount.
This doesnt really give you any real REWARDS unless you spend a ton of money. No different than a regular credit card
Although I have been able to buy a couple of products using rewards points already, I do not like the Chase company. I was one day late (in the military, I sometimes am nowhere near a phone or a computer)and was charged $35. When I called about it I was told "there's nothing I can do for you sir, sorry.". The APR is way too haigh as well double most other cards, will cancel the card when I pay it off.
I am trying to understand how the rewards work but still not sure about it. I would say not familiar with the rewards.CM
This card is stressful because it is impossible to find it on line. Meaning.... I am directed to Chase.com for information; however, it is NOT listed in my accounts at Chase.  I have one other credit card that shows up on all my Chase statements. That card is a "Slate" Chase card.  This Amazon card is "ghost".  I pay all my cards via "auto pay", and when I tried to set that up it was Impossible.  I did the website that was listed on the statement "[...]" to no avail. It will not take me to a site that will allow me to set up auto pay.  It directed me to the regular Chase.com account-- which only allow you to modify the listed accounts- But this account IS NOT listed (through no fault of mine).  Then I was directed to Amazon.com. I shop with Amazon daily so I should really have stocks with them.  Over a decade and thousands of dollars later- I decided it was time for a rewards card.  Instead I have a card that keeps great track of the points and amounts available--- BUT-- is IMPOSSIBLE to truly MANAGE ON LINE.  What a bummer.  Now I have to call them and see if there is another way to connect with them via internet and set up auto pay.  This is sad because I thought Amazon (of all people) was more high tech than that!
The watch will be exchanged in the next few days - I didn't know it was solar watch. I gave it to my son as a gift and he will pick another watch. Connie
Well the 3% off on Amazon purchases is it's best feature. I thought they would at least give you free shipping with the card or a subscription to Amazon prime. It does have some redeeming qualities though like the ability to use the rewards immediatly without having $25 or $50 saved up.
My card expired and I didn't renew it, but I still had available points.  Unfortunately, you can't use your points after your card is closed.  So now I've lost my points and Chase and Amazon can't do anything about it.
I wasn't aware my credit rating would take a downturn by getting this card.  Amazon/Visa does a HARD CREDIT CHECK on you which affects your credit score negatively.  I don't recall this happening before with other cards.
I remember when I went to sign up for this card, I was supposed to get a $75.00 reward or credit on the card. I never received it. And due the fact that I have to pay a premium for this card, I will NOT be renewing it. I have other cards that GIVE me the rewards, without paying for the card.
The interest rate on this card is much, much higher than any other card we have.  Plus Amazon keeps making it the default credit card for Amazon orders when it is not the default card I have listed with them, because of the very high interest rate.
I always pay the balance of my credit cards each month.  However, due to unforeseen circumstances, I was one day late paying off the balance two billing cycles ago.  I paid the entire balance, including the late fee and interest charge.  Despite the fact that I had not charged anything on my Amazon VISA during the last billing cycle, I was charged nearly $6 in interest.The customer service rep informed me that I was responsible for the interest charge.  When I told her that I would be paying the charge and then cancelling the credit card, she refunded the late fee and all interest charges.Lesson learned:  Pay this credit card statement before the due date and do not ever carry a balance, not even for one day - you will be paying for it months later!
The actual purchases made on amazon are not listed on the invoice making it hard to know what I bought each month.
Probably not going to use it for much. Reason being the interest rate is much higher than my other credit cards.
This card had a great intro interest rate and the rewards are fast and easy to use. The regular interest rate, however, is higher than the average card. So if you are going to get this card, be sure to pay it off each month or it will quickly build a large balance.
Applied and approved on  Dec. 19, 2013;  No card has appeared in my mailbox.Chase online wants a full account number to register and pay bills;however, full acct. number is not known until one receives the initial mailing.Sounds like a Catch-22 situation to me.  Can someone tell me the date of the first mailing?Will I be assessed late fees?
I guess this card is really unreasonable as the interest is way too high.  the rewards are not worth it, because you can use any rewards card.  And really how much does one shop on Amazon?
Well I see nice benefits to this card including discover card points I can transfer and points for opeing the card, Its worth quite a bit just to take this card out and so I did..The problem is that I have a PO box and they used the physical address from the location I lived for fifteen years before moving, I cannot seem to get customer service to accept a change of address and replace this card which was not forwarded (for security reasons) to my new address so I have never been able to use it.Maybe this will help! I have some small purchases in mind I would love to apply the discover credits to and ...oh well!
It's a credit card. It has reward points that are redeemable on amazon.com but in every other way, it is nothing more than a Chase Bank Visa card. My lukewarm/negative opinion is solidified by Chase Bank's horrible web interface, cold and indifferent customer service, and needlessly inconvenient payment and billing process. If Amazon integrated those features into their user's amazon account, I might warm up to it.
the card really is not right for me as It has much higher interest rates compared to the Rewards Bank Card I have used for years.  Actually it is not issued by Amazon, it is a Chase Bank credit card.  I will continue to use my card until the interest rates become competitive and keep the Amazon card as a back up.
When paying for a purchase on amazon, i mistakenly used the card for a purchase due to the options i was given to select from.  I intended to pay for the item with my debit card and instead ended up paying with the amazon card(only selection).  After that purchase, the next time i made sure i did not select the amazon card.  It turns out i had to almost completely cancel the transaction before i finally found the selection to choose my debit card.
I travel a lot into Canada and was having issues using my card. Was told it was a fraud alert. How embarrassing trying to pay for something to have your card declined. Regardless, I called and explained how my travel works and was assured a note would be put on my card so this would not happen again. Guess, what?? Even after receiving an email confirmation that I was not going to have issues when I travel into Canada it happened again. This last time I called and asked who the idiot was who declined my transaction and was again assured this would not happen.  The ONLY reason I continue to use this card is to gain travel points. We are planning a trip soon and I am hoping there are no issues with booking what I want when I want.
i was going to issue a neutral review just to notify people in my position that if you don't have any credit -- you are likely to get declined... but... "i don't like it" (**) is much more accurate than "it's OK" (***)i have a stable job, make decent money & get declined for credit left & right because i've been responsible, saved, & paid in cash my whole life... have no credit score... so i can't build my credit -_-; what a bummer.at any rate, if you don't have any credit -- don't get your hopes up.
The card is convenient to use but at 18.25% interest rate you are losing the money you are trying to save by using amazon.
In December, 2012 I applied for and made my first purchase with my Amazon Visa Card. I purchased a television with the understanding that with my first purchase I would reveive a $50.00 credit on my first purchase just for using my Amazon Visa. I have made several purchases since and to date have not seen any credit for my first purchase. I'm still using my Amazon Visa but will soon stop as I have other rewards cards I can use. I'm quite happy with the product I purchased the terms and delivery even though I may stop using the card and no longer purchase from Amazon.I eagerly await a response!!!
We need a better system to shop with the card on amazon.  I have to first log on to the card website then link to amazon to use my points to purchase amazon products.  My Discover card automatically allows use of points on amazon without first logging in to discover.  Why can't you do this?  It is quite unhandy to use the points for shopping on amazon, unless I am missing something in using it.
Interest rate is extremely high; that rate should be reduced once a customer such as myself, has established a good rating with respect to on-time payments and shopping frequency. Based on these characteristics, I've requested a reduction in my interest rate and was told nothing could be done about it. This lack of effort on Chase/Amazon gives for hesitation and great effort to avoid using this card.
Rewards are minimal after the first purchase.  I will use it if and when I purchase an item on Amazon
typical corporate greed. interest rate too high, amazon defaults payment to this card. making 1 go out of the way w/each purchase to choose another card. i'd give it a 1, but hate is such a strong word.
Had issues with minor bill (around $65) and got charged 2 late charges by Chase. I had enough, so called up to close account and good news is I got the charges dropped. Temporarily softened and kept card.Do not like the high interest rate and aggressive negative credit reporting (yes, they reported it!) tactics.Next call in is to close this account!
Easy to use on Amazon's site but definitely not user friendly when it comes to description of card usage. Would be impossible to know if someone had used the card to purchase something on Amazon other than yourself especially since the only description of purchase is Amazon com AMZN,COM/BILL WA. If you forget to write down what you purchased you are out of luck unless you have a mind like an elephant and never forget anything. I'll keep using it for anything purchased on Amazon and hopefully I won't forget what I purchased. I'll keep using my Mastercard for everything else though.
I accepted the amazon card to get $50 off a pair of shows and I racked up some points over the next two months. Unfortunately, the interest rate on this card is ridiculous. I have a wallet full of cards with interest rates from 0% up to 14.99% so my credit worthiness is not bad. The Amazon card had a whopping 24% interest rate! I paid mine off quickly and cancelled it.
Have the Amazon/Chase Rewards Card. Unfortunately, I'm very disappointed because I got the card to earn points to buy Kindle Books, Apps, and Amazon Instant Video and MP3 and you cannot redeem points for any of these items. Points seem to be only for tangible goods on Amazon. Had I known this I would have gotten a different credit card. Why put strings attached to the rewards redemption? If I have points, I should be able to use them for what I want including digital items. There is no option to put most digital items in card and use points to pay.Total waste of a credit card rewards program.
Got this due to the $50 bonus they were marketing. Sign up was easy, fast approval, but then that applies to most card applications online nowdays.Signing up to my Chase account, the card automatically appeared on the list of cards I have so that was convenient. Amazon auto-defaults this card as payment. Reward points calculate like most other rewards card so nothing special, the interest rate however is pretty high at 19.99%, about 7 points higher than my other chase card at 12.99%
I only made the introductory purchase with this card.  When I got my paperwork, I was shocked to see interest rate of 23% or something like that.  I thought it was advertised as 12%, but that could be my mistake.  In any case, that interest rate is too high.
If you're looking for a rewards card for Amazon purchases then you should think about the Citi Forward card instead of this one. The Citi Forward card gives you 5 pts for every $1 spent on Amazon purchases (which I've verified) while Amazon's own card only gives 3 pts.The only caveat with the Citi Forward card is that each point doesn't equal 1 cent. It comes out to about .63 of a cent per point if you convert to cash. (which still makes it better than this card) Also, if you spend your rewards on student loans (doesn't have to be with Citi) or mortgage (has to be with Citi), then they do a full pt = 1 cent conversion. That would effectively make the Citi Forward a 5% off Amazon if you are a graduate paying down student loans or a home owner with Citi. The Forward card also has the benefit of 5 pts for dining and a promotional $100 in gift cards if you spend $650 within the first 3 months.This Amazon card is nice for the free $50 (it was lower before), but it doesn't even reward you with cash. (not a huge deal if you spend a lot on Amazon, but it's not the best reward)This card needs to have 5 pts for Amazon purchases or it's just not worth using.
Have to many cards don't use this card and would like to cancle it how do I go about doing this, please advise, thanks.
24% interest is very high. If you get this card make sure you pay your balance every month. I only use this card for small only small online purchases.
Just realize that Amazon will slip this card into position #1 as the default CC when purchasing products. If you don't pay attention to the payment method, you might wind up with an outstanding bill from Amazon Visa that could either cost you more with interest or worse, possible go into default.
The card is nice but the interest rate is too high. If you can pay the whole amount at the end of each month than this card will earn you cash off future purchases but if you cant pay off do not apply.....
This card is a great product but can be problematic to use. It's low limit gets quickly filled up and then I have to switch to another card until I can pay off the balance.  I do not have the information to increase the limit on this card.
Very hard to find billing information or get a hold of anyone to help with the card information. Have to go through a different company for information.
Definitely look at other cards. This card has a higher interest rate than all of my cards and there's no 0% APR intro. Plus, there's other cards that offer 3% back for Amazon orders (because SOME categorize it as 'department store'), a 0% APR intro, balance transfer offers, and is way more flexible than Chase. The offer they give for a $30-$50 instant credit is a hook. Others will offer $100 after an initial $500-$1000 spending in the first 3 months (even Chase's Freedom begins to overshadow this card). If you want a card for Amazon spending, try American Express Blue Preferred. It also gives a 6% cash back at supermarkets where you can get better benefits by buying a gift cards for gifts or to exchange for yourself. There are also other cards that have categorical rewards in 3 month increments. Discover a 5% bonus for spending on Amazon, starting in October. It's a shame I didn't consider this beforehand. I may have to cancel or stop using this card now. Interest is so high! (O_O)!
It seems like a good product but the interest rate is too high to use very much. A lower rate would entice me to use more often, my other points cards have much better rates.
I never use this card, even though I have applied a couple of times for the Gift Card. I have great credit and this is not low enough interest for me.
I completed the application it said it would notify me in a few days but have heard nothing. Even a no would be ok I just want an answer!
It's a pain in the ass.  Trying to get everything figured out with Chase bank is confusing and not user friendly
My first experience cost me over $30.00 more than necessary.....I was charged a bunch of fees for late charges that Ididn't know I had!!!!  I paid the bill .........!!!!!  However .....I do agree that it was MY responsibility to be &#34;aware&#34; ofpotentional charges.  I was away from home and internet, and mail access for 2 months this past winter and therein liesthe problem!  When I arrived at home and got the &#34;bills&#34;.....seems like an awful lot for 2 months.....I was shocked to seethat I owed over $50.00.....(it should've been around $20.00)I have since purchased another item from Amazon....so we'll see if there are any further problems with this VISA.  I do likeshopping on Amazon and now since I applied for and received the card they &#34;insist&#34; my purchases be billed to the &#34;card&#34;.
Like others I love getting reward cash for my Amazon purchases. I am able to pay all of my credit cards off monthly to avoid interest but Chase certainly doesn't make it easy.I am not set up for Paperless Statements, in fact, I do get statements... but not every month. Why? I have no idea.Lucky for me I frequently check my balances online and it is then that I may find a payment due within days, yet the statement delivery remains a mystery. I double checked to make sure I was set up for receiving paper statements and I am so there is nothing more I can do about it. If it hadn't been for my methodical checking of account balances I would have been burned on this card.And if I ever do get burned, I'll cancel it.In fact I'll put my due date on my calendar now just as a reminder. What a shame, seems highly suspicious.+ for reward cash- for questionable practices that leave the card holder vulnerable to unintentional interest fees
You will be better off using another card that offers points. High interest rate as expected - rewards not worth it. Customer Service is useless.
Signed up for the service months ago, but never received an actual card in the mail, just the paperwork that goes with it.
For the past few months every time I look at my rewards points balance on Amazon, it says zero. Then I visited Chase and the answer is still zero. Then suddenly Amazon notifies me during a purchase that I have enough points for my purchase ($80) which I accept. I never saw any points accumulating on my points total. I contact Amazon for clarification by email and am told to contact Chase. I have now removed my Amazon Chase Rewards Card from my payment options and replaced it with my other original Visa card. I would rather get One Percent of something definite than be unsure about the validity of my total points and not see normal accumulation of points. Transparency is definitely lacking here.
Points and online access is difficult to view and access.  I can never log on and view my account.  Otherwise ok
Having other cards make this an effort unless I am at home making purchases. Will try to use it. Will try
I have used this card for almost 6 month'sAs far as the Amazon potion of the card rewards are good and easy to redeem. That however is the only good thing about the card. Chase customer service is not like Amazon customer service...I've had to call multiple times to explain the concept of staying overseas for a extended period of time ! They had never heard of anyone working overseas ! They even insulted me as well as the American service members when I called. Their website is terrible and has failed me multiple times, Auto pay failed and they blamed me for their own system glitch, and when I e-mailed them because I was unable to call it took them 10 days to respond.Overall : Amazon = good, CHASE Bank = worst bank I have ever dealt withAmazon please dis associate your company from Chase their making you look bad !
I'm disappointed that I can't pay this bill online. It says I can on my bill. But when I go online to pay it, it says this card is not eligible to be payed online. My last bill was $1.99 and had to mail a check for that small amount. What a waste of a stamp!
I had this card for several years a while back.  Other reviewers point out cards with better rewards numbers, but with this card they added up quickly enough to get a decent Amazon credit each month and I really liked the simplicity.  Some other rewards cards I've used have had more complicated sets of rules which may have technically been earning more, but were never as satisfying as just getting some extra cash to spend on Amazon.Over time though, the pain of dealing with Chase outweighed the rewards benefits and I cancelled it.  I used the card for Amazon purchases and to pay a few monthly bills.  I never carried a big balance and my spending was predictable, but Chase somehow managed to routinely obfuscate my balance so that I would frequently pay the wrong amount and end up owing interest or other fees.  Chase used posting technicalities to withhold charge info for as long as possible making the balance difficult to track.  I had to start keeping my own list of charges because the website was so unreliable.  Reliable tracking should be part of the service a credit card provides.Further, they enrolled me in a payment protection scheme against my will, which is common enough among credit card companies but sleazy and underhanded (I was part of a class action settlement from a different credit card company when they were sued for almost identical behavior).Cancelling the card was difficult.  I had to pay off the balance three times, because I could never get an accurate number from the website or from calling them.  The worst part was when I called the third time to go over the statement charges with customer support, and there were obvious discrepancies between the information the rep had access to and what was visible to me on the site (his being more accurate).The worst part came more recently.  I had cancelled the card several years ago but got an email about a balance on the card, which shocked me since it was managed through the same website as my Chase checking and savings account and the credit card hadn't shown up there since I cancelled it.  I called customer support and a rep was able to figure out that some unbelievably small interest charge was applied for the unwanted payment protection just before the cancellation, so I technically had a $0.003 balance or something when the card was cancelled and the account lived on even though it disappeared from the website.Over the course of years, interest and fees were accruing and the invisible balance went from almost nothing to $3 and change.  The Chase rep told me not to worry since the cancelled card couldn't be charged, even though they were clearly charging it.  They would not resolve the issue over the phone and I had to actually go to a Chase branch where the manager eventually erased the trivial charges.What a headache.  After this experience I cancelled all my Chase accounts and moved to another bank.  I would consider an Amazon card with similar rewards if it was offered through a different company.
It will take forever.  Why the heck do they hide the link.  I cant find where to pay for this darn thing.  Not worth it.
I do not hardly use the card because the interest rate is a tab high.  There is other cards out there with lower interest rates.I love the idea with rewards and the ease of buying products on Amazon with the card.
Be careful with how you manage this card. Chase, the credit card provider, does not like people who pay off their balances in full and has terrible customer service.I have had this card for over a year with no prior issues. Then I hit my credit limit in the middle of a month without realizing. When I made a payment for the full amount on my account, however, they put a hold on my account for ten days, even though they pulled the money out of my bank account on the third day. The payments department was then very rude and unhelpful when I called to get the hold removed after a week of having a $0.00 balance on the account. Even the supervisors were brow-beating me for hitting my limit, and didn't even attempt to fix the situation or remove the hold from my account, which had been completely paid off for 7 days.The rewards on this card are good if you use Amazon a lot, but Chase is not a good credit card provider for anyone that likes to pay their account in full.
1/21/2014 - REVISED REVIEWContrary to what Amazon.com reps repeatedly wrote and told me, the information that I received from Amazon's customer service team (described in my original review below) was incorrect. Team members' supervisors have received feedback in regard to this from Mr. Matthew Burns of Executive Customer Service. I added one more star to the rating because of the excellent treatment I received from Executive Customer Service, but I couldn't go higher than that because, despite the fact that I am completely satisfied with the resolution, I had to expend a great deal of time and energy to get this properly taken care of. The moral of the story is: if you have a problem and can't get it resolved, write a letter to Mr. Jeff Wilke, Sr VP for Consumer Business, Amazon Corporate Headquarters, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, Washington 98109, and send it via postal mail.I was contacted by Mr. Burns by telephone a couple of weeks ago, in response to my letter to Jeff Wilke (see his postal address in the previous paragraph). In lieu of the failed "instant free purchase," he refunded $50 to my credit card. I also received an apologetic email from one of the Amazon.com reps that began, "I see we've exchanged a great deal of correspondence on this issue already, and I'd like to apologize for that," and went on to recant everything the previous reps had told me ("Unfortunately, our customer service team made an error when discussing the promotional offer with you," etc).Mr. Burns read my letter to Jeff Wilke (described in the original review), listened to the recordings of my telephone conversations with Customer Service, and reviewed the contents of my Better Business Bureau complaint. He said he was very sorry that I had to go through so much to get to this point; and that, having listened to the phone calls, he understood my frustration and thinks he would have been even more frustrated than I was. He said I explained the situation very clearly in both the phone calls and my letter, and he understood the problem right away. He said that the invalid offer of "your purchase today can be free" should not have happened, but given his familiarity with the web offers, he could understand how it did happen. What he didn't understand (and neither do I) is why the five customer service representatives responded as they did. He sent feedback to all of their supervisors. I speculated that maybe the representatives didn't believe me when I described what happened, but he said that should not have been the case, because "we trust the customer." Then I wondered whether all the customer service representatives are bound by such rigid rules that they were not allowed to respond in any other way -- but Mr. Burns said that even the lowest-level representative has the authority and the means to refund $50 to a credit card in a situation like this. Finally, we wondered whether the representatives were simply unable to understand the issue -- but it seems unlikely that all of them would be impaired in this way. Whatever their reasons, the representatives will have a chance to explain them to their supervisors -- perhaps it is a training issue. And since those conversations are confidential, Mr. Burns and I will just have to keep on guessing.What is most puzzling to me is why all the representatives kept giving me the link to the gift card policy, as if I had acquired a gift card on my own and then tried to use it in a way contrary to policy; when in fact, I was responding to an explicit offer that popped up on my screen. Do they truly not understand the difference between a customer using a gift card under ordinary circumstances and a customer responding to an explicit offer of "your purchase today can be free"? If so, then their critical thinking skills are woefully inadequate. That is a frightening prospect, that ALL of them could be such inept thinkers (one or two of them, maybe, but ALL FIVE?).Then again, maybe it was just a case of groupthink.A good resolution, eventually, but it took an awful lot of time and energy to get to this point.-------------------------------------------------Original review:Like Ron Schade, who posted a review on November 30, 2013, I too was taken in by the bait and switch VISA card pitch. Only in my case, the issue wasn't having to wait to get approved for the card. I saw that the $50 gift card being offered would be available as soon as I was approved for the credit card. And it was -- but I wasn't allowed to use it for the transaction currently in progress, as I had been promised.I had been in the process of purchasing a $50 gift card. I was about to check out, when a window popped up that said, "Your purchase today can be free" and "$50.00 - $50.00 = $0.00" (the latter apparently to drive home the point that the $50 gift card I was about to purchase would cost me $0.00 if I applied for the Amazon.com VISA card). The popup window's offer was for a $50 gift card that would be available for use as soon as I was approved for the credit card, and that I could use on the $50 purchase I was in the process of making.I don't apply for credit cards lightly, because I don't like to generate inquiries on my credit record. In this case, having read the offer carefully (the only condition was that I be approved for the credit card), I decided that it was worth generating the hard credit inquiry to get the instant $50 off. It was the instant part that sold me -- had the offer been for a future-use gift card, I would not have applied.I applied for the card and was quickly approved. But when I went back to try to collect on the "Your purchase today can be free" part, I found that I couldn't use a gift card to pay for a gift card -- despite that fact that less than a minute earlier, I had been looking at a screen that said, "Your purchase today can be free." The website even knew the amount of my purchase-in-progress -- $50 -- so surely it knew that the purchase in progress was a gift card.The display of this offer was obviously an error -- it never should have been shown to a customer buying a gift card. However, I couldn't have been expected to know that, especially with the explicit wording of the offer -- after all, if Amazon.com tells me that my purchase today can be free, why would I doubt that? No fine print was shown; I had no way to know that the offer that Amazon.com was showing me was not valid.So I called customer service, expecting that the problem would be resolved quickly. After all, the error was on the part of the Amazon.com website, and I had always been treated fairly in the past by Amazon customer service. I couldn't have been more wrong. I spoke with three people over the course of an hour, including two supervisors, and all they did was to parrot the Amazon.com policy about not using a gift card to pay for a gift card. Well, that's fine under ordinary circumstances, but not when Amazon.com makes an explicit offer to the contrary. But every time I got one of the customer service reps to acknowledge that it was wrong to make an invalid offer and expect the customer to bear the brunt, the rep would then simply resume the recitation about gift card policy.As Sheldon would say, "It was like talking to a chimp."I submitted a BBB complaint, which prompted a couple of emails from an Amazon BBB representative (who allowed me only one email response before dismissing me and telling me that I could not reply any further), the gist of which was to tell me how long it took to get approved for the credit card and provide a link to the gift card terms and conditions.I have written a letter to Jeff Wilke, the Senior Vice President of Consumer Business, at Amazon Corporate Headquarters, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, Washington 98109-5210. (A full list of the names and email addresses of senior Amazon personnel is available at askville dott amazon dott com. Amazon would not permit me to post the URL, but you can find it by searching on askville dott amazon dott com for the words "HUGE problem Amazon retailer person contact." Click on the first link after the sponsored links.)You might think that Amazon, of all companies, would take responsibility for website malfunctions that cause an invalid offer to be displayed to a customer who then attempts in good faith to respond to the offer.If Mr. Wilke, or anyone else at Amazon, proves my last statement to be true, I will post an edit to this review.
The Playskool Big Hugs Elmo was to arrive at my home by November 13 at the very latest.  It is November 16 and I haven't even heard from the company!  I received a bill for this product which I paid for using the Amazon Rewards card.  Why should I get a bill while I'm still waiting for my item?
I am disappointed that the bank carrying the card doesn't take Amazon purchasing history into consideration when granting credit limits.  Makes purchasing more difficult rather than easier when the card is maxed out quickly and it is necessary to switch to another card.  Also flabbergasted that the bank withholds said low credit line for a week to make certain funds are available, days after the funds have safely transferred to their account.
Spoke with Chase on payment and charges on card and the issue was unresolved after wasting many hours on $22.46 bill that was credited for $22.12.  No sense or care about the time involved straightening out there issue and problem regarding $0.34.  Totally unsatisfactory!!!!
When I opened the account for the card, I was told there was a $50 bonus to do so.I have not received the bonus.  I called Chase and they said this card, offered byAmazon, is hard to track.  After 4 months, still waiting for my $50.
Just signed up for Amazon Reward card after many hundreds of dollars spent on Amazon I thought what the heck my new order would be reduced by $50 and I could get points back. So this time I did fill out the credit app and low and behold it instantly said (within their advertised 60 second reply time guarantee) the account would need further review and they would write me and send my card if approved within 30 days. Amazon Reward add indicated "Your Order Total Could Be" then they show you a $50 reduction off your order and also indcate instant approvals. Also on their inticement list of advertising...Use your gift card and get $50 off your purchase today!We are so electronically connceted today you can get instant credit most anywhere faster than you can repeat your SS# or DL# at any retailer. With the Chase/Amazon application when you show a income of over 115K, no bankrupt filing ever, homeowner, a have a FICO Score of 844 (FICO) not credit score I assume they must think the applicants lying....I guess.I actually tried to contact them when I got the message about the wait....and having to pay the full price of my order but can't find a contact number for the life of me.The review is to warn that in my opinion the sign up is very misleading. I may enjoy the card if I receive it within 30 Days but just this experience is not a comforting one, and I am hopeful I will receive a $50 credit on my card as promised. I may just suspend my current order until I get the card and see the credit balance.  When this is all over I will come back and write and update. I hope I can write as good a one for this as I typically do for Amazons lever of service.
I applied for this card because of the promise of an instant decision, as well as the points reward program.  I am starting my Christmas shopping and wanted to be able to use this card for my amazon purchases.  However, after applying last week, I was told I would have to wait up to 30 days for a decision, even though I have a very good credit score.  It's very frustrating because I typically order most of my Christmas gifts from amazon.
I had this card for a little over a year. It offers fantastic rewards; I used it a lot and paid it in full every month. I loved the rewards. However, the customer service center does not give a hoot about the customer. I called the service twice and each time received a person with a heavy Indian accent. Both times the person was not able to help me because they did not understand my question. Argh! I use the paperless option; help the environment and less worry about mail being stolen from mailbox. I receive the alert payment is due, but since they do not put the balance on the alert I do not know what I owe until I go to website. In February, I got busy and forgot to look up balance. When checking my bill book, I saw I missed my payment by one day. I was able to pay the balance in full the following day. I've been seeing several credit card companies advertising forgiveness of 1 late fee so I called the customer service center to see if I could get the late fee removed; not the interest paid, just the late fee. The call was answered again by a person with a heavy Indian accent (leads me to believe call center is in India). I decided to go through the secure message center instead. I sent message asking if late fee could be forgiven. I received message back - no. I canceled my account two days later. BEWARE if you are going to cancel your account, use up all of your rewards first. All rewards are forfeited upon closure.  The rewards are fantastic, but customer service for me is just as relevant. I'll go back to using Discover. They have great customer service, good rewards; downfall is a lot of businesses do not accept it.
I've been a big fan of this card but I am furious right now because several orders I placed for holiday gifts for my kids using points were cancelled because of an unknown issue related to the use of my points.  Furthermore, while Amazon promises &#34;Any rewards points also used towards payment have not been deducted from your rewards points balance.&#34; this is untrue!  I have zero points right now, despite the fact that I should have about $100 given the value of the cancelled orders. I followed the link provided to the Chase website and low and behold the site was down.
My wonderful story dealing with Chase:Scheduled payment on a Wednesday night, Chase said it'd go through Thursday.  All Thursday, it said pending.  Friday morning, money left my bank account, Chase's site updated to reflect that payment had been made.  Friday, tried to use the card but it was declined (new balance was $0.42).  Tried to use Saturday.  Still declined.  Contacted Chase Saturday, was told I would hear back in 4 hours or less.  Saturday closed out, Sunday came and went, half of Monday passed before hearing back.  Card was declined Sunday.  Customer "service" told me in spite of the fact that my payment had cleared, a hold would remain on the card for NINE DAYS.  I told them that the hold would be gone by Monday night if they expected to keep my business, given that payment was confirmed cleared by both Chase AND my bank.  Got a response telling me it was still going to be on hold for nine days.  Tried the card Monday night, still on hold so the card is getting sliced into tiny bits tonight.  I don't need to deal with this crap from a horrendously disorganized, unprofessional company.  I'm taking my business elsewhere and STRONGLY recommend you all do the same.  Amazon points are not worth downtime of more than 25% with this card.  These idiots can pretend they haven't gotten payment, even when they themselves acknowledge payment, and go anywhere from there.  If they want your payment to be late, they can pretend it was.  If they want more money, they can pretend you paid less than what left your bank account.  I've seen this before and have the sense to avoid it.2/13/2014 update:  They apologized for the trouble they caused me.  It also turned out payment had posted to their system Thursday, not Friday, and my bank's records updated Friday morning, so the crap they pulled was slightly worse than originally known.  They gave me 5000 reward points to try to get me to stay, so I'm giving them a chance.  Updating rating from 1 to 2 stars.  Still extremely cautious around Chase since they've already shown they can't be trusted.  Still cannot recommend anyone get a Chase card.  If they prove themselves trustworthy over the next few years, I'll update the review again.  It will take time and a LOT of good behavior on their part to get me to trust them again.
I have this card which is a Visa with Chase Bank.  I've always felt that when I did business with Amazon that they treated me well and I felt I was dealing with family.  I don't understand why Amazon hooked up with Chase or any bank.  I would rather have a charge card directly from Amazon like I do with Sears or Macy's etc. I've had a few issues with the Chase card which I won't go into which I don't believe that I would not have had if I were dealing directly with Amazon.
Not a good card. I use it for points only for amazon.Even though they don't charge an annual fee,I would not recommend this card.
It is convenient for paying bills. I use it for on line purchases, restaurants, convenience stores  and home improvement stores.
Not sure exactly why ... but the increase to $99.00 a year is a bad move. I will not be renewing my PRIME.Respectfully,RELindemann
Disappointed in this. I have solid credit and was expecting the short response, or at LEAST something within few days. Its going on 3 weeks now with no response or notices. I applied online on Thanksgiving to have it for black friday and cyber monday. Other reviews mentioned some delays but they got email notice within a few days. I guess they got overwhelmed with applications. IF/WHEN I ever get a response from them I'll most likely just cancel it now since they missed out on chance for me making any impulse deal buys for the so-so anyway holiday deals...
I love it only used it a couple of times but is acceptable most places.  Just another credit card,  need more perks
Sucks because of the high interest rate.This card stinks to high hell, only got it because of the $50 credit offering. I've used the credit and never looked at it again. Furthermore, it is GMAC financed credit card which is a BIG NO NO, might as well be the &#34;we gonna rip you off sucka&#34; card.
I got this card to get an initial 10 or 15% discount on a purchase.  I never once used it.  There are many better cards out there.
I do not use ur enough to give a rating. I use it mostly during the hoiidays and special itmes
Thanks,for the opportunity to use this card I believe that I will enjoy using it...... makes it easier to make purchases!
I often use Amazon gift cards for purchases.  You can select this payment option at checkout.  The rewards you earn with the Amazon Visa can also be used at checkout.  However you cannot use both!  Bad idea.  I chatted with Amazon about the problem but they say no fix.  I will not be using the Amazon Visa much due to this problem.
Unfortunately for me, I had to have some emergency dental work done and I let my balance get too high. Let's hope no more emergencies come up!
I wanted this card specifically for points. I was going to use it for work, where I purchase quite a bit per month.  Here is the problem.  I was hoping to make a payment right after I made a purchase so I could keep using the card over and over again each month.  Problem is it takes 7 to 10 days for them to process the payment then your credit limit is put to where it should be.  In other words, I purchase say $1000 dollars in materials with a $1500 credit limit. Then make a payment same day for $1000 dollars.  I am now limited to a $500 available balance for up to 10 days, even though the money has been taken out of my bank account for a period of 10 days.  That is simply ridiculous. I can see maybe 3 days. I have asked twice about this, and they say it is a holding period. They have said that the payment is posted on time, so no late fees, but the available balance can take up to 10 days to reflect a payment. It is pretty damn aggravating to me, I would just assume, (silly me) that payments would be processed in a more timely fashion.
So far I have only able to use this card on Amazon purchases.  I have tried to use this visa card at site that only use Visa and the card has been denied 3 times at different stores and I know I am far from using the card to the maximum limit........Why am I being denied at Home Depot, Krogers and the Flower shop?
Interest rate WAY too high.  Won't be using the card any longer.
Its great to earn rewards until you want to redeem them.First, you need a 5000 point minimum to redeem them for a useable "reward".  ( ie. gift card, payment for points ).Second, you cannot use the points for any Kindle related purchases ( or downloadable media ).  This is NOT disclosed on the advertising posted by Amazon, nor is it on the Chase website.  I was told this when I wanted to purchase some books with my earned points !  I rechecked both sites, and there is no mention of the text, but Amazon sent me the "rules" they apply.  So, with only 1 touch ordering available on Kindle, you can't be sure to use gift card credits, and you likely ( as reported several times ) will end up having the items charged to your card.  You also cannot use the points for these types of purchases.The original advertisement that I responded to in ordering this un-needed card led me to believe otherwise.  Now I somehow will use the points and dump the card.Oh ... accepting an offer on this card led to 1) Chase reducing my credit line on my preferred card by the same amount ( ok because I don't need it ), and 2) the credit agencies saying "too many cards" and lowering the score ( although I am not concerned about that personally ... but you should know what will happen up front ).Consider your options carefully before jumping at this card.  It may not be the best option for you.
When processing my Amazon order, I was offered a "$50 credit I could use on this phurchase" if I would get the Visa card. Having super credit, I fell for the offer. After filling out the paper work and submitting the request, I was informed that my request was delayed and may take up to 30 days to process. I went on with the order using another credit card, no problem. Some 10 hours later I received an email congratulating me on my new card. The only reason I applied for the card was my greed ...... serves me right!  They don't provide a way to contact and cancel the card so make sure you want it.
Reward points should be increased. Sometimes, the reward points do not show up after a purchase which means the points are not credited. It happened in my last purchase.
Yes, that is correct if you use your credit line upto 90% and make a lump sump payment to pay it off, your account is put on hold and so is your payment.Let me explain, I have this card for one reason only and that is for reward points, I make my purchases throughout the month and make payment the end of that same month.  This month I used 90% of my credit line and made the payment as such.  The payment was deducted from my bank account the next day but was not applied to my amazon account, it was placed on hold for 7 days because it was too large of a payment so they put it on hold and......(yeah you got me there too!). Therefore I cannot use my amazon card nor the money is available in my bank account which technically is Amazons, so I am fine with that.  On top of that when I called to ask why my card was being declined (embarrassing, especially if being used over long weekend for dinners and shopping with friends) I was told that they can do me a FAVOR and call my bank and remove the payment hold??????Hello,,,,,my bank didnt put the payment on hold, on my bank statement the amount of my payment has been deducted more than a week ago....apparently they know that too....then why do they want to call the bank you ask.....wait for it.....its their standard practice.I have had issues in the past as well where I wanted to make a payment up front before using my credit line so I can charge more....NO, cant do that.  According to Amazon my credit limit is the highest they can allow.At another instance, I tried to use the full credit line (I made sure it was available) to make a payment, which was declined, I tried with a $100 less figuring that there may be a rounding error....called in to find out what was going on only for them to say that they decline one such large transaction....why?  I was trying to book a vacation package..no can do.This card is designed for smaller transactions on Amazon only and should not be used for day to day and or large purchases.  Not for point hoggers like me, we should just stick to amex.
I do  not like dealing with GE Capital Bank....the web site to register for electronic billing was IMPOSSIBLE SO i GAVE UP, PAID BY PHONE AND DO NOT WANT TO USE CARD AGAIN.
This card could be good if I had around a 15.99 APR not the 21.24 I currently have. I have cards as low as 7.24% variable.
I was &#34;promised&#34; a $60 credit when ordering a new credit card.  Upon applying, the &#34;approval&#34; was not obtained (I have excellent credit!) and the reduced cost of a needed item was put &#34;on hold&#34;.  I think it is a scam to get new credit card users.  I am disappointed!
I applied for the card on July 1st and was approved immediately.  I was allowed to use it for a $6000+ order the same time that I applied.  The next morning, I woke up to an email stating that Amazon.com needed "address-verification" in order to release my account from hold.  Sure enough, I couldn't enter my account, my username and password wouldn't work, and my entire order was placed on hold.  I sent them the information they required, yet 24 hours later, my account remained on hold.By July 3rd, after several phone calls to Amazon.com and Chase Bank, in which Chase Bank actually made a 3-way call to Amazon's customer service department on 1 occasion, I was finally able to restore my account and get the hold removed.  Unfortunately, I was informed that I had to place my order again because it was canceled out.  Going through and searching for the 5 camera lenses that I had ordered originally, I ended up having to pay almost $400 more than I did on the original order since some of the lenses had been sold and I wasn't able to get the same price anymore.On July 6th, I woke up to another email informing me that my account was on hold again because Chase Bank refused to verify the information due to "privacy and legal" reasons.  I guess I understand that, but I've worked at banks before.  There is a very specific number you call for merchant verification. There is usually an automated system and another number would lead you to a person.  They take the 16 digit account number and verify the amount of purchase and we move on with life.  Apparently Amazon.com and Chase bank don't have that kind of relationship. At this point I was being asked to fax to Amazon.com a statement from Chase bank to prove my identity. Um, OK. The card was issued on the 1st, and it is now the 6th, I have no statement yet.  So, I went online to my Chase account and printed out the screen that said that I have no statement.  Amazon.com didn't like that.  I faxed them 43 pages of the items that were being shipped to me already from Amazon.com and the pending and current charges incurred on my chase account BY Amazon.com as proof that they're already shipping me items and I couldn't understand why a hold was placed again.Needless to say, my hassle free Amazon.com shopping experience was reduced to a stressful and confusing series of phone calls, emails, and faxes between myself, Amazon.com, and Chase Bank.  The address verification and billing departments at Amazon cannot be contacted via phone BTW, so many emails from their Customer Service department with an irate me on the phone was also a fun time to be had by all.The very last phone call I made was on July 10th. Today. I spoke to a gentlemen that I felt sorry for because I was at my whit's end and I actually think that I threw out an "f" bomb, which is so unlike me.  I asked to speak to his supervisor and waited on hold for about 8 minutes or so.  His supervisor, Mowzer, had reviewed all of the notes in my account PRIOR to getting on the phone with me and offered me a method of partial resolution.  He told me that if I forego the orders from 3rd party sellers and just purchase them from Amazon.com, he would be able to manipulate the account so that my orders would be shipped out.  He even offered to match my original cost and offered me 1 day shipping at no additional cost to me.  Mowzer really wanted to help me even though I was quite irate by the time I got to him.  I will update this review and possibly change the number of stars I gave provided that I receive the shipments when I am supposed to.  However, if I encounter any further problems I will be bringing it down to 1 star.  As is, I've given it 2 start only because Mowzer made things right.Update 7/18/13I have now received all of my lenses from my original order. For an order placed on july 1st, originally, and finally received, in full, on july 18th is a touch extreme. I also had to contact Amazon an additional time because even though the hold got removed the second time, the 3rd party seller didn't ship. Amazon sent them an email stating that I would cancel and order from elsewhere if the order wasn't shipped that day. They finally agreed and shipped it out on the 12th. Huge ordeal. Hated every minute of it.Card seems to be working fine now, but who knows. Maybe I'll have a circus on my hands the next time I make a large order. Such is the game, I guess. Good luck to you in your endeavor. I'm not changing tye number of stars.
the left leg fit!! the of money for the product is obvious but still the product should work!!the left leg wont go nin
American Express was great for a while until they started charging outrageous membership fees, if you have a blue card they can drop your limit even when your credit score is near the top. They had no explanation except for the economy. It hurt because the reason I got the blue was the 0% purchase rate. As soon as I got the card they cut my credit limit way down. I swear to you my credit is as good as it gets. I just like having a card that I know I can throw some stuff on and know I'm not paying interest without a membership fee. I also have the gold card and another high end American Express card. I reiterate what the one guy said that got clobbered by all the people American Express sent here to bury him. They are a CC company guys and no better- watch out. They use the same tricks every other CC company uses so enter with caution.
i think 175$ annual  fee is too much...  i have the ZYNC american express card and only pay 25$ a year  and "it has no limit" ...so they say..
I got this card, and away we went to purchase items for our on-line business and did some traveling.  Imagine standing in line, with your NO LIMIT American Express, and it is declined!  You call in to find out exactly what is wrong and you are told you are over your limit.  I was stunned.  I was informed there is not a limit BUT... it is not unlimited spending.(?) I was told they wanted to get to "know your payment history" so they actually DO have a spending cap.  $175 per year for LESS credit than a basic Visa or MasterCard!  I understand their rationale to SOME degree, especially with all of the people in a "tough" spot these days, yet I have an EXCELLENT history of paying off on time, often early, and they have me with a ridiculous limit.  This is not even a credit card, as you pay it in full every month. To top it off... the first "Due date" is 15 days before the agreement's stated 30 days from closing!  Be careful with this card!  It has some GREAT benefits BUT beware of the hidden pitfalls.  I would NOT due this again.
The card statement does not give you a breakdown of amount of money earned per purchase. Worst the site for  signing up for Amazon prime free for a year is impossible there is no place to sign up nor is there any help link , customer service tells you to try the useless site, amazon.con/amexbluecashpreferredprimeoffer , thats the problem ,and no customer phone sign up. I plan to bring this to the news stations, for help.
If you are a single person, the amount of groceries you buy does not make up for the $75 annual fee, and if you buy from a local grocer, it may not qualify. I have found that I buy most of my gos at Costco, so this card doesn't help me with costs. To redeem the &#34;cash back&#34; is not easy. You have to remember to go to their web site and &#34;buy&#34; cash in $25 increments, then $10 increments, which rounds off to less than you rewards. You than have to apply them to you American Express statements. So, it is a little misleading. I have had my card for a few years now, and I will not renew it next year. The Discover it card is much better.
Why do they need to make it so hard? Card constantly declined so you have to re-enter information even though nothing is wrong with the card or the payment amount...hard to find links to pay the bill...most of the time it is worth it?
I just received my store card a week or so ago. When the (paper) card arrived, the credit card numbers were all faded. Apparently these numbers are the only way to pay my bill. In other words, I can't access my account online.
I have waited for a representative for over 4 minutes to answer a concern or question I had.They need more reps!And they end the session really fast.
I setup recurring payments after my purchase thinking it was set. Well I received an email saying my account was past due shortly after the first payment was due. I called them and found out that recurring payments sometimes take 1-2 billing cycles to initiate. Well this would have been good to know when I setup the recurring payments. Needless to say I had my late fee retracted and now I'm checking my account regularly. I'm leery now, thinking this might happen again.
One thing that I like to do is manage my finances all in one place and this is the only card that does not let me do that from my mint account which is very annoying. As for the card its just like any other credit card and I would try to use this as less as I can or just remove this as it doesn't let me connect it to mint.
Regarding the Amazon.com store card.  The card works as any CC should especially since it's linked specifically and solely to Amazon.com.  My issue stems from the pathetic and insulting $5800 credit limit I've been bestowed with.  I have other CC's with less than a 20% balance (always) with limits of $22K and $25K and despite multiple submissions on my part to increase said limit with Amazon and credit ratings with all 3 bureaus (I check monthly as I'm subscribed to all three) between 725-740, no dice. I also make large/significant payments to my Amazon card (and others) when I apply charges to it; so as far as I can tell there is no reason to cap me at $5800.  It's not like I'm looking to max out my Amazon card, and haven't passed $5500 yet, but at the same time as said preiviously it's a bit insulting for Amazon not to recognize my credit responsibility.
I made a payment on my account completely paying it off over a week ago. The payment has cleared my bank but GE Capitol has yet to clear my available credit. They wasted no time taking my money out of the bank! The customer service rep on the phone was VERY rude and no help at all.
I am not happy this time. AS the payment went of the wrong account. It went of my husbands account instead of mine. The account numbers are the right ones. So I don't know if you made the mistake or the bank did.. Should at any case not happen. Usually I am satisfied with your service. Thank you very much.
Nothing special about this card, you don't use it as much as they feel you should they take away your credit limit.  Then you have to ask to get it back.  Like I need that.  Other than that the interest rate is not cheap and customer service is not that good.  But it is easy to get and if you use amazon a lot why not get one.  So in summary, nothing special, not cheap and they force you to use it or they make it useless to have.
I buy pretty much everything from Amazon.  I opened this card thinking I could just buy what I wanted and pay the balance before the interest was added.  I have been unable to pay online and when I contact a customer service representative I feel as though I am interrupting them.  The lady that took my payment today was abrupt and I'm pretty sure I woke her from a nap.  I am going to give this card one more shot just because I love the convenience of having an Amazon store card but I am going to cancel if unable to make online payments easily.
Keeps coming up as default card when I don't want it to be.  I think I finally fixed that.  In most ways it was my fault for not checking, but I assumed our monthly payment  special 0 interest for 12 months would payoff the balance.  But with all the purchases that I thought were being billed to our other card, it was not coming down much at all.  So I got hit with fees and interest and we haven't paid interest on credit cards in many years.  So if you use special promotion; beware, the Amazon card will keep coming up as default.  Again, my fault for being not paying attention, but I KNOW I changed default card to my Chase Card, but it seemed to revert to Amazon.  Never had problems with Amazon in anyway other than this.  We are paying it off and closing it.
I wanted to use this card primarily for bigger ticket items, in order to take advantage of the special financing offers. And I like to pay down in big chunks. However, don't expect this card to be agile if you're looking to pay down your card and use it right away. GE says it takes two business days to post... it won't happen. I posted a big payment last Wednesday, it's now Tuesday and the payment still doesn't reflect in my Available Credit. The item I'm trying to buy never stays in stock very long, so it's maddening to watch the inventory tick down while I'm waiting for my credit to free up (even though the payment's already cleared the bank).Update 3/20/2013 (the next day): Payment still isn't reflected in Available Credit. I'm confident that this is solely an Amazon Store Card issue, as I just paid off my Lowe's card (also with GECRB) two days ago and as of this morning my full credit line is available to me. Annoying.Downgraded from 3 to 2 stars.
I love my Amazon account and the actual site for purchasing, but the credit center is horrible!!! It is difficult to make payments, difficult to navigate, and every time I need to call to speak to someone I end up wanting to pull my hair out. Last time I called, I had to explain the issue three times and the gentleman STILL didn't get it and proceeded to tell me I was wrong. I was not. After explaining the situation to his supervisor, who got it, it was quickly resolved. If you have to speak to someone, ask for a supervisor. They are much more helpful. Today I had to enter in all my private info just to log into my account to make a payment. I just changed my password a week ago and I already have to again, which I absolutely hate. I dislike companies that are constantly making you change your password. I have enough to worry about in life without having to change 75 passwords every other week. If your network/site is not secure enough for me to keep my same password, boost your security - do not make your customers work harder. Whoever designs your store website should design your credit center.
I never recieved a card in the mail, yet started getting emails for charges to this new account.  After calling customer service and getting transfered to &#34;someone who could help me&#34; 6 different times&#8230;I was finally able to find out that this card had been somehow linked to my account as the primary card when I made amazon purchases.  They were able to help me out in the end, but it was such a hassle.  Also, trying to find the place to make a payment is very non-user friendly.  Again, since I did not get a physical card, I was unable to log in to pay.  Again, after a couple of hours on the phone with customer service, someone finally took pitty on me and gave me the card number so I could log in and pay the $6 bill.  So much time wasted.  Now that the bill is paid, I hope to never use this card again.
Went on line to pay a bill and it said I had no amount due.  Received a paper statement that I owe $9.67.  Then I called the 888 number to check and the amount on the phone told me I owe $18.36.  I do most of my billing on line and I want to make sure that i am paying what is owed on time but if it says that there isn't a payment due then I don't want to be charged a late fee if that happens.  Please look into this for me I would appreciate it.Thank you, Aaron Coons
I dislike the fact that I just got the card and I already have a late fee.  Unfortunately I decided to go paperless which does not work for me.
The Amazon Store Card is a very convenient method of paying for those purchases that one needs to make on credit occasionally.  The interest rate however, on this card is almost usury in practice, I believe, and should only be used when purchasing by credit is of a definite &#34;need&#34;, and not a &#34;want.&#34;  Accompanying that statement, are two recommendations. First, ALWAYS send in at least 10% of the outstanding balance as a monthly payment, to prevent the frustration of seeing the balance going down only a few dollars, if one decides on making only the minimum payment. Second, do not make this card your default method of payment.  When you are approved for credit, Amazon will make this the default method until it is changed.  So, I recommend this card be a method of last resort only.I gave this card a 2 star rating, mainly because of the services received by its ownership, and the superior customer service that has made Amazon the power house it is. Other than that, it falls flat.What I believe, should be added though is a direct link from my Amazon Account to the Store Card, with notifications on payments, purchases, due date, and promotional financing offers, if any.  Included with the aforementioned is the desire to see, at eye level from the &#34;My Account&#34; page, any notifications from the Store Card that must be acted on immediately.My intent was to write a more positive review, based on the convenience and service the card gives.  However, when seriously considering the above, and writing of my obvious frustrations, what is left is a less than a stellar review.I will keep the card open, but only use it as noted above.
Even after I make a payment online, GE sends me an e-mail telling me of an &#34;overdue&#34; payment. So, thinking my initial transaction failed, I make another payment. When I check my bank account, I notice that I have made two payments on one transaction. I contacted Amazon.com regarding the issue but I was referred to the GE website. So, I get here, and guess what, when I access my account, it still shows the amount due and I can't find anyone to help. In addition, it's so difficult to access my account because it's set up like Fort Knox. The chat box is not working either. I have since deleted this card as my payment medium and have gone back to Discover card.
Great card, melds well with Amazon, but online payments are slower than snail mail.  I post a payment on line and it takes over two weeks for it to hit my bank account.  I swear I could get a paper bill, mail a check and it would be faster.  WalMart is as bad so I started bringing cash to the store to pay my bill.  Amazon, you are Internet Gods, online hosting and all why so slow?
I am not happy with this and plan to close the account. I paid the account immediately. And It does not post until three weeks later. I am assuming it accrues interest until it posts?
I am trying to change my mailing address on my account and it will not allow me to access anything but the Account Summary screen.  At least that is something,a while ago, it would not let me even sign on, and after countless calls to a number you cannot find easily, I finally deleted my bookmark and rebookmarked thesite.  Amazon is great, but this part of it leaves much to be desired.
I have had the card for a very short time. Started receiving a bombardment of calls before the first payment was even due. Scheduled the payment, then a week later starting getting calls again. I called back. They indicated that late fees would be due if I kept the scheduled payment date, so I changed it to the day of our phone conversation. They never processed the payment, and left the original scheduled payment in place. Today, started receiving multiple calls again about this scheduled payment and how it would attach late fees. Went on line and cancelled the scheduled payment, and made a new one for today. Lets see if this gets processed or will the insane phone calls to every phone I own continue! Once I pay off the balance, I will cancel this card. Not interested in doing their job for them.
I like and dislike this card at the same time, on the one hand it made Christmas easy.  One stop shopping, one payment, and never had to put on pants.  My problem is customer service for the card itself. I get no bill even though I have signed up for it twice. What I find most annoying is I have to reset my password everytime I want to view my account. Multiple attempts at resolutions through a surly customer support team, have yielded no satisfaction. Once it is paid off I will most likely close it down.
I love the products but when I pay on my account it takes so long for the credit to show on my account! I have other credit cards and when I pay them they are posted within two days Amazon takes at least a week if not longer and I have to point out that they have not credited my account.  Keep an eye on your statements!
I would like to think I'm a fairly good customer of yours!  However on the 13 of March I tried to make a purchase using my Amazon Store Card.  All seemed to go well, then I got an email saying my form of payment was denied.  I have no idea why?  So I followed the instructions sent to correct the payment form and it was denied again; Ok not I'm Bi-Polar and this situation is triggering my mood and not in a good way.  So I finally look on the web site to see if I could find a web chat help button or a Amazon help line phone number case I want to find out what's the problem and get it resolved.  Well I looked for a good while and didn't find anything. So I'm not a idiot and go on My Account and add another one of my credit cards.  Then I log out and reselect the email from Amazon telling me I need to take action withing two days or my order will be cancelled.  Now I'm thinking do I want to deal with this situation any more and cancel the order or see if I can once and for all change the method of payment and hope it takes.  Now again I'm Bi-Polar and am starting to get out of control and starting to flip out.  You almost lost me as a customer cause I was seriously thinking about no longer doing business with Amazon because of the whole situation.  Can someone email me and tell me where on the website someone having my situation can get a Amazon Chat to get help or  where on the web site I can find a Amazon Help Desk phone number when I need help.  Cause if you have either they should be easy to find.  If you have either a help chat option or a customer service/Help  phone number where is it.  Hence I'm not at all happy with Amazon because I couldn't find help for my situation.  Now I'm gun hoe and am now going to call the bank and find out why my Amazon Card purchase was denied.  I always pay more than the minimum payment and their should have been no reason for my purchase using the Amazon Store Card.  My last payment to the credit card company was made on Feb 13 in the amount of $200.00 so I being of sound mind don't see why I had to be subjected to this whole ordeal.  My promised to Amazon!  If and when I make another purchase and I have this problem I will no longer shop using Amazon.  I'm beyond words at this point.  My Amazon Card better work the next time I go to make a purchase. I shouldn't be put out. Note my balance before I made my last payment of $200.00 was just over $300.00.  Thanks for raising my Amazon Card purchase limit, however what good is it if I try to make a purchase and it gets denied.However if I personally caused this mess I'll be sure to email  Amazon and gladly in a humble manner recant and admit it was my fault.Most Sincerely yoursChristopher R.LaneYour extremely good or I think so customer
The web site is unacceptable for such a well known company.  You cannot get anything done on this website.  From setting it up to making a payment it does not work.  Can someone please review your site before you lose customers.  The 6/12 months payment plan is misleading also.  I have had other payment plans where you can actually make a payment when you want to within the specified time.  With this you have to make a payment monthly and if you don't a late payment fee is accessed.  This was certainly unexpected.
I love Amazon.  I love their convenience and the broad range of products that they have; as well as their shipping gpolicies.  I have been a Prime member for almomst three years now and considering that I usually make several purchases per week, I am definitely getting my money from this program.  The Prime programs for shipping and Video on Demand are absolutely first rate. Therefore I thought that the Amazon store card was a natural fit and a good bonus.  I liked the idea that I would be able to maintain the account through my Amazon profile and would not have to go to multiple sites to handle it.I like the convenience of the card and its relationship to Amazon.  One small gripe that I have is that the card account is not really integrated into your Amazon account.  You still need to go to GECRB's site for the card, and this is a totally separate id/password combination.  However, I was just reminded of the reason that I HATE doing business with GECRB.  Even though I first used the card on 10/24 (immediately after receiving the card), on 11/15, LESS THAN ONE MONTH after activating the card, GECRB charged me a late fee.  This, even though I received the statement on 11/17.  (Yes; two days AFTER the due date.)  But then, that is what I signed up for.  I am also reminded of another incident with GECRB where I was uncermoniuosly dumped from their program and my card cancelled; not for non-payment, or late payment, or anything like that.  I was cancelled because my credit score had slipped, even though I had made sure that this card was ALWAYS paid on time (and even gave them a lot of interest).  Of course, I knew this going in; but I had hoped that I would avoid the negative aspects this time around.  Foolish me.Be aware that with any credit card that you receive, you may not get a full 30 days before your first payment comes due.  Of course, other card companies usually will give you a bit of a grace period before applying their late fee, especially in the first month.  Not GECRB.  They charged their late fee the same night that the payment came due.  Grace period: zero seconds.  But, I knew that this was apossiblity going in.  I was just diappointed to be proven right, so quickly.And it will cost Amazon several stars.
Several recent reviewers indicate the same problems.  It is almost impossible to get into the account no matter how hard I try.
I thought that this would be a great idea--I haven't missed payments--and in fact have always made large payments when I shop though this service.  But apparently, they like to decline and cancel orders without notification.  I had $300.00 in credit and placed an order for 145...and it got cancelled.  For no reason.  I contacted customer service--and as of yet--still no response.  BAD BAD.  Only good--was that i was amazon...but now, they aren't helping me either--so I'm not sure i want to keep using their service either.
It's hard to log in and make payments, as well the interest rate is very high. I like the convenience of being able to use my card to make purchases but it's annoying when you want to make a payment.
I want to buy a UR3=-L3 by Shure and the holder accessory. I will buy one. Just not from Amazon. I have other avenues to spend the amount required ... Since Amazon wouldn't raise my credit limit, I will get it from elsewhere. Simple. Amazon loses out on getting money andinterest from me, unless they raise my credit limit in the next few hours.
I love Amazon.  Got a Kindle for Christmas and I have been hooked ever since.  I am a shopaholic and Amazon is a great company to deal with.  That is why I am so surprised that they hooked up with such a horrific as the GE financial family for anything.  I have had dealings with this company on various fronts and the end results have all been the same, terrible.  The company lacks any semblance of customer service and the terms of their credit offerings are confusing at best.  They say that opposites do attract, the mating of Amazon a company with impeccable service and customer satisfaction, with GE proves the point. A word of advice, just pay the bill before it is due and pay it in full.  If you can't do that, link your Amazon account to another credit card.
Bills are going to the old email address and customer service CANNOT comprehend the issue at hand.  I changed it on the site but bills still go to a closed account.  Customer service is pretty useless, they give excuses such as - check your spam box, call you internet provider, and more nonsense.  I will pay this card off next month and shut it down.  It is not worth the irritation.
It's hit or miss on whether or not I receive an e-mail/statement for my monthly account.  I just pay my account as soon as I make a purchase.  So, I,m not sure why I need this card&#8230;.hmmm.
i have to say its great to have the card but the unexpected shipping charges and high interest charges was not what i expected. heed the advice of other as well as what i say use card wisely and pay it off as soon as possible.
From a short time now, getting in has become a royal pain ending up with changing the  password every time I try to get in. Please return to where you were two months ago, because of your &#34;security precautions&#34; we may end up spreading the password everywhere involuntarily.
It's too bad that Amazon, et al, is so slow to give the credit back for returns, and to give credit for payments made.  One must wait for their own good time to list the payment on the account before the card can be used.  I have $300 credit 'pending' now I have to wait five days or so before I can use my card again.  Methinks they like earning interest on the money so they hold it as long as possible.
I agree with those frustrated about the payment confusion.  Every time I sign on to make a payment I'm reminded of how frustrating it is to search for the store card payment link.  We're busy people man&#8230;  throw us a bone.  Really??
Although I have paid my account on time they continue to lower my limit with no explanation . Go figure!!!!!!!! Guess when this is paid off it will not be used anymore.
appeal process too complicated if you have prob with order this needs to be made a more headache free process.
i agree with below.  Tried to go online and pay and cannot find where to go.  That is totally screwed up.....
If you are careful, you should be fine, but you've gotta check your account more often than what you would with an usual credit card just to make sure that your payment is being assigned to the right charges.... they will try to trick you into paying interest otherwise. Bad business!!!!
I enjoy the credit line for large purchases like others here have said, however, part of the reason I wanted this was to use it for an Amazon Prime membership as well as using it as payment for subscribe and save items. I would have applied for the Amazon visa card if I had knows that I could not use the store card for those things. I was told by customer service that the store card can "only be used for purchases" Last I checked, subscribe and save items ARE purchases, right? I spend a lot of money on diapers and wipes as I have a newborn, would have been nice to be able to use the card for that purpose and be able to get the subscribe and save discount. The card itself is fine... just thought I'd give anyone else who may be opening a credit line for that purpose a heads up.
Seems like there is no simple way to access your store card account. I have had to go back to an EMail to get a link. It doesn't show up under my accounts and I've tried every combination of words to get to it.I don't like it that they pay themselves automatically. I like to pay my own bills.
Why was I charged a transaction fee of $5.99 when making my payment?  I also find it difficult to find out what my balance is.  I know you can do better.  And I would like to be reimbursed the $5.99.  I've never heard of being charged a fee to pay a bill.
tricky way of attempting to get people who understand credit to suffer from late fees. not going to write a longer review, but if your order of business is to frustrate custumers and lead a deceptive business in order to collect late fees by overcomplicating your system, the wonderful entity of amazon should not do business with you. hopefully amazon will chose a better entity to do business with in the future, not a bunch of script reading robots whom understand no more than placed on the paper in front of them. terrible business
I have used this many times to purchase things through amazon but have never received a physical credit card. I dont like the fact I can't call anyone for my credit card number. I need the number to purchase more items it is telling me. I though it just works through your account but I guess not. Does anyone have a number to contact them on?
Nearly every month since I received this card, trying to log in and make a payment has been a disaster.  When I received my first one, it wouldn't let me log in at all, and when I called, their truly horrific voice-robotery wanted to charge me for talking to a real CSR!  They finally sent me a new one, but it is almost impossible to log in twice with the same password. This is the only reason I have given it such a low rating, but I have better things to do with my day than playing some silly cypher game.
I will stop using my Amazon Store Card because their late fee is too high and Amazon should email to remind their customers that the payment is coming due. Their present system of charging $35 for being one day late is bad for business.
Hello, This evening I tried to send my first payment to my new account, and it wouldn't allow me to make a payment even though it is only 10:00 p.m. so the only way I could send payment was to alter the date in the provided box to tomorrows date which is 3/1/2014 now I see that I am being charged a late fee... On my invoice I didn't notice anything stating that on line payments need to be entered before a set time, I did notice it stated on the website but, I just registered an account so it wasn't known (or stated) until after the fact.
So, back in the summer I scheduled payments for my card to process through the end of the year. Today, I get a call from someone from India who I couldn't understand and was very rude saying that I owe $100 and a payment has to be made immediately. After spending TEN MINUTES~! trying to find the stupid link to manage the card, I logged in only to discover that the payments I scheduled through the end of the year never went through and got deleted. Needless to say, I was really pissed. I ended up making the payment and as soon as I get this card paid off, I'll never deal with it again. Thanks India, GE Credit, and Amazon for ruining my night.
I cannot view my statement, and I cannot see where my promotional savings for opening an account or my $10 certificate have been applied.  If I try to do anything, it either times out or says the site has technical difficulty.Not a good start for the first time viewing. Hope my paper statement is more reliable.
It would be great if only I could log on and make my payments. Have to search first then try to not get an error message as big as this company is you think they would have this set up better.
Seemed like a good idea at the time...but, heads-up first time users.  When applying for the card, a login name and password are requested.  Special characters are allowed in the password at that time.  When you attempt to log in to www.gecrb.com/amazon for the first time to access your account, you will find that the site DOES NOT allow special characters.  So essentially, the password you set up when applying for the card is invalid.  There is no instruction whatsoever in the welcome email that lets the user know this, nor does it say you need to have the card in hand to log in for the first time.  My time wasted to find this out the hard way was not worth the $$ saved for applying.  GE/Amazon...you need to do a much better job of communicating first time log-in instructions, and need to fix that problem with special characters between the application and log-in sites.  I will say Adela with the online chat was great and a huge help.  She provided excellent customer service.
I COULD NOT understand your customer service representative.  Get someone who speaks clear English, please!~  I don't even know if my problem was solved.  Love the option of using Prime, but so far am not pleased with customer service.  Hope I like it better in the future.  Disappointed that you have someone in India representing your customer servicer.
Whenever I ask you for credit increase, you just reject immedaitely. I dont know what factors play for the credit line increase. If I want a $3500 item then I have to pay some in cash and some with credit..If thats the case I prefer to buy it entirely with cash than some morons deciding my credit paying capabilities.
At least twice now I have not received notification of the due date for the credit card bill.  Very disappointed and I have been left with overdue bills.
Twice in the last year I missed my payment by 3-4 days.  I've been in and out of the hospital and lots of medical problems the last few months.  In fact, being in the hospital was one of the reasons I paid my payment 3-4 days late.  Same thing on the other one, medical issues that took priority and I forgot for a few days but, the bill DID get paid 3-4 days late.  Each time my credit line was dropped down.  When I look back over my payment history there's nothing there that should cause such a drastic measure.  I believe it has more to do with something else.  I'm a person who says what I think and when Amazon does something unscrupulous like another problem I'm having with another order I placed last week, I tell them what I think that lie they told me about my order not getting sent out was a farce.  I placed the order.  That very day they indicated through their tracking that they were packing up the order and it would be sent out in the next few hours or few days.  Then the next day the tracking story changed.  What it comes down to is my order was given to someone else and for four days I've been reading the same thing on tracking, "we'll give you a better estimate of when you'll received as soon as we get a good estimate.  Well they finally sent the other item, which I didn't care about much--but not the other one.  I contacted them today and found out just as I suspected--they gave my order to someone else and mind you there were two left when I ordered. They have been contacting other fulfillment centers to find one; but still putting the same message on tracking. I asked if I could order the boot in the only order acceptable color they have left in my size by cancelling out a couple of other shoes they would allow me to. Now watch, I'll miss out on both colors because they really don't know much about customer service.  How unfair. I won't find out till the 3rd now because RANJEET couldn't tell me for sure what was happening on the third.  Either I'll find out the estimated delivery date or; I'm S___ out of luck. They couldn't find it and the only other one available to me it now gone too. BUNK !!!!!Kelsi Dagger Women's Rozelle Boot
I have  ordered over $200 of merchandise today. Then it would not accept my Amazon.Com store card  number and had to put it in numerous times! It has taken me over an hour to possibly get to my order, which I have to go back to, if I even can.  If I can't get this order done in a few minutes I will purchase the printer and Kindle at another store.Barbara Whartonstore card #6045781039206932 (replacement of first lost card)
Good luck on getting a decent limit, you can request an increase all day long and not get one. After that it jumps up past 24%, I plan on closing it as soon as I pay off mine and go back to using my Amex Card. I had an issue returning an item, and because it was on the Amazon Card I almost got scr*%!. At least with my Amex I am in control of any issues I have as a direct buyer. Any issues I had Amazon was nice and fixed the situation, but not with the Amazon Card.
I have not been receiving notices when the card is due under the 'paperless' option, and have had to play late fees as a result.  I see nothing about the Store card that is better than anything else, so I am dropping it.
The force you into logging into a separate account to receive your online bill. If you make a mistake on your password, they force you to go through the whole reset password thing every time. It's too much hassle with the downside that you might forget to pay your bill.
I started out with a 400 dollar credit limit which is perfect for me.  But when I made a 200 dollar payment the company decreased my credit limit to 200.  I think i have good credit and always pay my bills on time so I am not sure why they did this without letting me know.  I wanted to buy some gluten free bread and had no credit limit and I wont use my other cards on this site.  Oh well.  just saying they didnt even notify me.
I'm looking for credit on a returned item. Nowhere to be found. It wasn't made clear to me that I was signing up for something other than Amazon. I have had GE Capital before and they called in all outstanding accounts without proper advanced notice. I was never told what happened. I would not have agreed to this, had I realized.
I used this card to purchase a car seat we had been putting off and when my baby could no longer fit in her old one, we bought it with this card.  I never could reach anyone an GE, the link to pay the bill was down a lot on Amazon.com  so I called Amazon customer service (who are great) and got the GE phone number.  I found out that if you can't for some reason pay using the automated system and need to speak with a customer service rep. THEY CHARGE YOU $15!!!!! I couldn't believe that!  How absurd is that? I ended up just paying mine off immediately because I felt like they were trying to screw me over and didn't want to do business with them anymore.  I am going to check back in a few days (that's how long it takes them to process your payment) to make sure I didn't leave a few cents off the payment...  All in all, I do not recommend this card.  I gave it two stars because the concept is good and will definitely drive business for amazon but ultimately, I think it'll be a losing proposition because GE is so untrustworthy.
I ordered a GPS it was delivered in the shipping box in great shape, I opened it up and it was packed well, I lifted the packaging off and the box the GPS was in was crushed and so was the GPS..how could that have happened, my guess it was someone who put a smashed product in for delivery. I assume it was someone that didn't care enough for his job
Why isn't the payment and account maintenance page easier to access? I do like the interest free financing so you get two stars. Amazon is good at selling products, how about you fix this? Put a lin on the main page of amazon for crying out loud.
This card was a great thing to have. I was able to order the hard to find parts in my rual area and have it delivered in two days because I am a member of Amazon Prime. I have missed one payment last year due to a problem with GE's online payment system, not mine, but I still took the hit from them. Paid their fees that doubled my payment for that month. I have made regular payments for over two years, and have been a loyal and faithful customer. Out of the blue my credit limit is being lowered again. If I can't make my purchases with this card, then I will use my money somewhere else. If they don't want my business, I'm sure someone else does.
Good Card for my wife to buy her kindle school text books. One click and she is able  buy her books and I have one place to pay for them.The only negative is  the password policy. Since I run multiple passwords there is no password hints. To get into my account instead of security questions it requires I find the card and enter the full account number to reset the account. Much more of a hassle then other financial sites I use.
no problems with the card, but the link to make a payment is pathetic.  very glad I did not sign up for paperless statements and would advise against doing so
The login to pay my bill is exhausting. I can't believe a major company can't make  paying the bill on line easier.
The reviewer who posted just before me summed it up nicely:  Shame on Amazon for picking such a poor company as their creditor.  Even Capital One (which i despise) would be better.  I have two accts managed by GE credit services (Old Navy & Amazon) where it is the case that the merchants have OUTSTANDING customer service policies and call centers but their credit card services are seriously lacking and lousy at helping the customer.  Mind you, I have zero credit issues.  I know how to manage my card, purchases, etc.  I'm not complaining because I missed a payment and they wouldn't reverse my late fee or didn't know how to do something so I'm blaming GE credit services.  I'm complaining bc I can't get answers and calling them is an absolute NIGHTMARE. If your lucky enough to get someone you can understand (call center routed to some remote location in India), they can't help you and have zero authority to do problem resolution.  I  concur with other reviewers here that the best way to manage this card is to make ONE PURCHASE, Pay it Off.. then perhaps move on.  What you DON'T WANT is to have revolving charges getting intertwined.  You will work for that 'interest-free' perk. That's for sure.
I have used this card for the past year, found the convenience wonderful, paid off my big purchase to avoid interest, etc. Recently my daughter put 3.00 worth of kindle books on it. I paid the bill online last month (or so I thought). I've been paying this card online since I got it, never had a paper statement, for some reason the payment never went through. I was willing to concede a possible error on my part and rescheduled a payment for today including the 1.50 charge for being "late". Now they have declined the 200 order I'm trying to make to take advantage of black friday deals--really?! Over 3 dollars??!!! Give me a break--and I'm posting here because I'm still searching for a phone number to call to get this straightened out.....
I ordered an item priced at $144.00 and billed at$256.00 and can not reach amazon.com to correct this error. Seem a purchase I made prior to the $144.00 valued at $18.00 was paid for.I am trying to find out where the additional $112.00 come into this equation?
Lack of Quicken support makes this 'credit card' difficult to use.  Lack of normal credit card provisions (extended warranty, etc) makes this 4% cash back look pale compared to the Amazon Visa.
The store card is easy enough to use, and has been useful for large purchases, but once I established the account, everything else got complicated very quickly. There are several web entries into the Amazon maze (store cards, &#34;your account&#34;, orders, kindle purchases, etc.). Tracking and linking gift card balances, store store card purchases (large and small), and kindle purchases is frustrating, time consuming, and often fruitless. You have to locate one link in the many lists of links stored among these pages, and moving back and forth among them as you try to balance your account is confusing. Gift card balances and your store card and kindle accounts are not synchronized. Indeed, balancing order balances and store card charges, particularly when gift cards are involved, is enough to tear your hair out.
I didn't know that I would be unwittingly using this card for one click purchases.  I intended to use it for only one purchase.  This really needs to be changed.  The company told me that I signed up for this.  It must be in the small print.I don't recommend this card.
My wife and I had this card for a couple of years and everything was going very well.  We used it several times and paid everything when due and never paid a dimes worth of interest, so far so good.  Then our son got into trouble with his student loans, which we stupidly had cosigned for, and all of a sudden they cut our credit limit down to the point where the card is useless!  When we called to complain, we were told that all the credit scoring was done automatically by computer and because of the negative effect on my wife's credit score there was nothing they could do.  Basically they said they didn't care about our previous history with them!!  We quickly paid the balance due, even though we had several interest free months remaining, and we will definitely be canceling this card this week.  By the way, we did help our son out, so if you're thinking we're total deadbeats, well we're not.  Just beware of what you're getting yourself into.
My husband is trying to be self depending on his own. He was 2 days late..wrote a letter asking them if they wouild wave the late payment..he forgot which comes with Parkinson.. they would not remove it. Thank youf orhelping the sick and the one who are trying to keep things going... but hey if you need the money then guess we will help you get it. Sad the big boys have to take from the little boys... which mean rich taking from the not poor but less cash than the big boys.... just makes me upset that he emailed them ASAP and no was the answer... Parkinson.. is a horrible thing to have.... ok stepping off my soap box..
I applied for the card and received literature that my limit is 2200.  I said fine, seemed a little low.  never touched the card for over a year.  finally i go to use it and i see that my limit is actually 1024 now, even though my credit score has increased since when i applied for it.  i will pay off the card and not use it anymore, this practice is very shady and a suspect way to treat someone that spends many thousands on the website and has excellent credit
Three problems with the Store Card:1. It doesn't permit passwords to have special characters, only letters and numbers. That makes the password less secure than it should be. Considering the amount of identity theft targeted at Amazon and its customers, Amazon or GE made a very bad decision.2. The Amazon Store Card is 100% electronic; they didn't send me a physical card. That's OK, but it's the only place that has a full account number. Logging into my account doesn't show a full number, only the last few digits. But when I went to log in and was uncertain of my password, the password recovery field insisted on the full number, and said I should get it from my card that they never sent. Fortunately, I was able to remember the password.3. When I log in to make a payment, the first screen it throws is my general Amazon account page, not the card payment page. So I always have to log in a second time.There isn't much quality control going on here.
I understand credit responsibility, but does Amazon understand customer appreciation.  I pay early a lot more often than I've paid late, but with a payment that is 1 minute past the due date I am charged $35.  If Amazon appreciated us (the customers), then there would be a modest grace period.  Is that really too much to ask?
I agree with everybody else.  This is the most difficult website to pay your bill.  I am tempted to pay it off and just cancel the card.  Amazon should be happy someone wants to pay their bill ON TIME!!!!!  Get with it guys.  Fix this website or I'm out!!!!!P:.S.  Are you doing this on purpose so our payments will be late???????
I am finding it difficult to locate the payment screen when I log on to Amazon to make a payment.  There is no easy clear path to the payment screen.  I had to ask in the information screen to get me to the payment sight.  It takes too long.  When I look up my account there should be a payment option right there. This is the logical screen to look for payment options.  Try to make the payment options easier.
VERY VERY difficult to get to talk to a person.  I tried repeatedly to get a person, then when you do they are overseas and supervisors not available.  Sad but one bad experience after another.
My card is made out of paper!! The user interface for the payment website is pretty terrible (they even advertise amazon products on it which I have to say is pretty damn funny so I didn't take off for that) and worst of all it doesn't explicitly show your interest rate along with all the other account information. Just be open about what your doing. It's the least you can do if you are selling a product. I shouldn't have to tell this to Amazon!!!
I set an auto payment from my bank to make my monthly Amazon Store card payments and apparently the last payment didn't make it there quick enough (even though my bank says it was received on the due date). The robo-calls that then start flooding my phone lines are HORRIBLE. Constant, often hanging up or no message at all, no information provided, etc etc. I love Amazon but I can't recommend their credit services until they dump GE.
When I look at my summary I want to see the items I purchased. Instead I see what I already know.  I purchased them on Amazon. I know that, What did I purchase? That's what I want to see. How dumb.  When I select order history two of the most receint orders don't even show up.  What's that? And most of all, why can't I be able to use special characters in my password?
GE Credit runs this high interest "card" program. I called to get some info on how to login to the card site but the person who answered was Asian speaking, hard to impossible to  understand and had no clue how to help me. She would not allow me to speak to anyone else, as required by law.They are very quick to charge the card account and extremely slow at applying credits, imagine that. I have been waiting for over one week for a credit to be applied for a returned item.
I see from other posts that I am not alone with this complaint.  Too much time taken out of my day to simply pay you.
I cant see the item I ordered stinks cheap have to have paper because the statement is too short need more info
Like most of the complaints... interest rates are ridiculous!  I would have left 5-stars at one time, but recently have changed my mind...When we were first offered this card, it came at a Christmas and it was extremely helpful.  The huge credit limit satisfied all our shopping needs for the holiday and also some necessities we needed at the time.  We have worked very hard to pay our card down since - only charging a low budget printer that we needed and a couple other small items since the original purchases.  Then for no reason at all, we were in good standing with all our GE debit, they cut our limit to less than half! No explanation what so ever.  We had no intentions on using the card in the near future so I'm not upset about not being able to charge, I'm upset because its like defying your trust to do such a thing!We are so sick of the banks controlling our lives and have relearned how to live very modestly in order to pay off all our loans ASAP and be done with them - them, as in all banks. Its highly recommended to all to do so....
I just tried to make a payment with my debit card like I usually do but I found out now there is a $10.00 fee. I cannot use the automated payment because you don't accept the debit cards on there or online as well. How can I make a payment now without being charged an extra fee? I don't have a checking account. Must I run to get a money order and be charged for that when It was perfectly convenient. just a month ago through the phone? I didn't sign up for ths.
I recently placed an order for a mattress, mattress pad, comforter set and wall decals for my grand-daughter. I received the mattress pad, comforter set and decals all on the same day in three separate packages. I ordered them all together in one order paying with my Amazon.com Store card. Since I received everything except the mattress I went to track it but it was no longer on my order list. When I called to find out what happened I was told that I went over my limit so they cancelled the mattress. I explained that was the most importatnt item of the order and the others could have waited, I was told that I could return the items I received and then I would be able to get the mattress, really! I should have received an alert the minute I placed my order letting me know that I was over my limit so that I could decide what iems I would prefer to receive rather than have Amazon decide for me! Thanks Amazon.com for job NOT well done!!!
It is totally different from all the card i know before. It is soft and not durable. It is not a card rather it is paper.
I was approved for this card yet they failed to give me the FULL  account number on-line. I've answered all their security questions yet it only gives me the last four digits only. I want to place an order on Amazon  yet they insist on the full account number to complete this transaction .
This isn't my favorite credit company, but it's not the absolute worst (that's Comenity).  It's unfortunate Amazon isn't handling the credit card themselves themselves and is instead allowing a petty organization like GECRB to run it for them.  Anyway, just a warning if you do promotional purchases on your amazon.com card.  GECRB doesn't allocate much to those balances until two months before they are due, when everything you put in is then allotted to the promotional balance.  If you want more put into your promotional balance before then, you need to telephone them after you make your online payment and tell them how you want the payment allocated.  Otherwise, you won't see that promotional balance go down by more than even a few pennies.  Basically, they put a small percent (single digits) toward the promotional balance until the final two months prior to the due date.  So keep track, watch what they're doing, and plan.
I cannot get a full statement to reconcile balance shown. I find your system very confusing. Once I have settled this account I plan to close it. I am due a refund for Anais Anais I returned and was notified by seller refund would be applied but not so today.
I HAVE AN ISSUE WITH A PURCHASE I MADE THAT WAS NEVER DELIVERED.  AMAZON HAS BEEN VERY SLOW TO CREDIT MY ACCOUNT.  I HAVE ALSO BEEN AN AMAZON CREDIT CUSTOMER FOR SEVERAL YEARS WITH A SPOT FREE PAYMENT RECORD AND PAY OFF MY PURCHASES WITHIN 30 DAYS APPROXIMATELY 90% OF THE TIME.  WITH THIS BEING SAID YOU WOULD THINK MY CREDIT LIMIT WOULD BE HIGHER THAN $900, NOT MUCH FOR BUYING POWER.
I have sent GE (Amazon Store Card) two messages asking them to modify there statements so that they are printer friendly and I don't have to print advertisements with pictures that cost me extra money in paper and ink.  They have done nothing about it except to write me a genericl letter about how they appreciate our feedback and they will look into it.  They also do not make clear where the charges are coming from on their recent activity page or their statements!  I have talked to them on the phone in the past and they are not very friendly.  I prefer to use my Amazon Visa and only use this one as a back up.
The card is great but the customer support is horrible. It took me 10 minutes of automated messages before I had the option to speak with an agent, it was the most ridiculous menu  I've ever had to listen to. It does not give you the option to skip hearing your balance, last payment, last purchase, etc...
I would like to be able to link my Amazon credit account to my MINT budgeting software.  Many credit card companies and banks are offering this feature and its a little disappointing that Amazon is not.
Today I got notification I was being assessed a late fee since you hadn't gotten my last payment.My payment due date was Jan. 05, and you show my last payment in full of $113.78was posted on Jan. 03. I do not understand your email.Carolyn Hales
I am disappointed with Amazon.  I have had an account in excellent standing for over a year and they will not increase my credit.
I have the store card but have been trying for 3 days to use it.  I have used it in the past and it was easy, just choose it as your form of payment, but now it has disappeared as a choice and I just lost an item that was in short supply  because of this delay.  I have also been trying to contact the service department, left an e-mail which has not been responded to in the 12 hours they said it would and I am over it.  I was ready to spend around $800. on stuff and probably still will but who needs this sh___.
I did not get a bill and and now my payment will be late!!! What can be done to remove late fee???
Least user friendly web site for access, compared to Citi, USAA, USBank, Chase.  Once logged on it is fine, but I am tired of being told my password is wrong - even when I reaccess on the same day.  I don't have this problem on the other websites and I use different passwords for different pages.  Also the least user friendly for initial set up.  I quit using this card for default payment on Amazon, and I regret getting this card.
I have had not problems with my Amazon Store credit card, until now.  I spent over an hour on the phone with GE Credit customer service agents.  I was trying to find out how to track my monthly payments.  The two people I talked with had problems with the English language, to the extent they could not understand my questions.  I did not get the answer to my question, but I have discovered that the online tools are not user friendly at all.I tried to modify my recurring payments on March 18, discovering in the process that the only way to do this is to cancel the current setup and enter a new one.  I did this and the screen showed my new payment amount and the message about my date due only indicated that the amount I had specified would be taken from my bank account on the due date.  It neglected to tell me that my next recurring payment would be on April 20, not March 20.  A delay of over a month tells me that someone somewhere is still manually processing transactions for this bank.Point number 2.  When you initiate recurring payments, there is no way to see online that those payments are being made.  The only payment history screen available shows payments that are made while online.  I had to figure this one out on my own, as my customer service people on the phone this morning seemed to be reading scripted answers back to me instead of trying to actually help me with my questions.Now I know one more reason why Amazon continually offers the lowest prices on the internet.  They are the online version of Walmart.  You have to cut corners somewhere when running a business, and Amazon has definitely cut corners in their customer credit package.
There are many little things about the website that bother me.  Most of them are easy to ignore but they add up to a bad impression.An example:  I updated my password a moment ago which was accepted without complaint.  It did not ask me to re-login immediately, which is fine. However, when I logged out and logged back in again, attempting to use my brand new password, it wouldn't accept it as valid, complaining that it couldn't be longer than 15 characters long.  (I like long passwords.)  I truncated my new password and re-submitted it, and the site accepted it as correct, even though, technically speaking, the truncated version is not my password.This kind of inconsistency indicates to me that this company, Amazon's in-house credit card handler, sees their own web interface as a relatively unimportant add-on to their core business.  It says to me &#34;old fashioned&#34; and not customer oriented. This password problem in particular is one that I have had in the past with AT&T;, another, giant old-fashioned company, historically with terrible customer service.I love Amazon and their truly excellent website, but they clearly do not manage their in-store credit card experience.
The customer service end is great, but the paperless billing is trickery.  Somehow I missed seeing the email, and I ended up being overdue 2 months, with 2 months late fees, all unknown to me until they finally mailed me a paper copy in the mail. Paperless is tricky, and the statement could easily go in the Spam folder, sometimes that happens.  It is not a sure thing.
I have had this account for well over a year and really have no complaints, however, I would like to give folks a heads up on payments.  I have ALWAYS made my payments prior to the due date until this month.  This month I made my payment ON the due date and was given credit for it, however, I was also charged a $25 LATE fee even though the payment was on time.  I was advised by the customer service rep that when a payment is made ON THE DUE DATE the computer will &#34;automatically drop down&#34; the $25 fee.  I guess it's a &#34;just in case&#34; fee.  She did assure me that the fee would be reversed in 24-48 hours and would not reflect on my credit.  So in the future I will make my payments prior to the actual due date.
My problem is that I do not understand the e-mail notice versus the actual statement.  As an example I received an e-mail stating I had a $66.95 balance and a minimum payment of $53.00 due on February 20, 2014.  When I clicked over to the statement and signed in, it showed my balance  as $0.00 and my last payment as $29.97 paid on October 11, 2013.  My balance was again $0.00 in November and according to the statement, November was my last statement with no purchases made.  It also shows my available credit as my credit limit so again confirming that my balance is $0.00.SO WHERE IN THE WORLD ARE THEY COMING UP WITH A BALANCE AND MINIMUM PAYMENT DUE ON THE E_MAIL?
I like everything about Amazon in the way of shopping, but your annoying Credit Report Ads, that pop up when I go to make a payment at the card-store need to end.
I would guess that &#62; 60% of the free world uses IE as their browser, yet you people insist on using a platform that is compatible only with Firefox!  To exacerbate that snafu, you don't bother to inform customers of this AND you send emails with links that make no mention of same!!!  I've spent three days trying to gain access to my statement to make a payment!!
I do not like the payment system for GE Amazon Store Card! I posted to pay my account on January 30,2014 due in February 2014.Why would they take my payment 2 days after the due and also caused me to have a overdraft? They guy I spoke to sound foreign. Indian or Asian accent. I thought I maybe speaking to someone from Atlanta GA. since online payments go there. He just continue repeating, &#34;if you mention the date to post for payment it will be paid that day&#34;. Huh? The date in the little box I am on the site should be the date noted of the day on the site should been known for payment. Or even put the payment through 1 day or 2 after the initial date and day on the website of the Amazon Store card! It seem as though if you are not careful this can cause people to be late and even have a late fee! Not good GE Amazon  Card!
Your website service seems pretty good but your landline (phone) service needs a lot of help. Get rid of the automated system!!! I needed to speak to a human from the start of my call not listen to 5 minutes of a recording asking me questions when it couldn't help me at all. Also bring your customer service call center back to the United States where the person I speak to will most likely understand what I'm trying to say. Just because a person speaks English does not mean they understand what you're trying to say.
The page is unclear - my mouse could not get the update to work, very frustrating when trying to change telephone to my cell.
Trying to speak to someone in customer service about charges that appeared on account...can't understand her...asked to speak to someone in USA and she switched me to Phillipines. Finally after 4th tey I di get a person that I couls understand. Stay on top of things that go on in your account...I find that they are very slow to process credits.
I have had my card for over a year now and all of a sudden they drop my credit limit from $700.00 to $100.00 without any reason why. I have made several purchases and paid either more than the minimum amount due or I have paid the whole bill off. This is bull and I am not happy with how this was handled.
I had use of the Amazon Store Card for a little over an year now and while I'd had no problem with the use of the card itself I am angry about the "card security" payments that were attached to the card without my knowledge. I have been paying an additional $18.00 per month on my credit card bill and still am not sure with this "service" provides??? I was able to cancel the "service" without a problem but it a few hundred dollars too late. Not playing nicely, guys (G.E./Amazon)...
I used this for all my amazon purchases, kept up with my payments...then I decide to buy something digital...and can't. No option or reason given, just can't use their own card for their digital purchases, ridiculous, I will likely just pay it off and close the account now.
I have had a horrible time trying to get someone to answer about a disputed charge, the website sucks! when you have to go check your inbox on their webpage, it pulls up nothing, and when you try to email then it takes an act of congress to find a simple email for help, my balance keeps going up, and I don't use my card! but when you can not talk to anyone guess you can not dispute the chatge!
Pages and pages of interest postings even though I still have 4 months before the balance must be paid off within the 6 months.  I also intensely dislike that default payment for every order is the Amazon card.
This can be a great card when used for a large purchase which you are able to pay back within the interest free promotional period.  If you do not pay balance when promotion expires, interest from &#34;day of purchase&#34; will be applied to your account.  That can be a significant amount added to your balance!I knew what I was getting into since I read the entire agreement, so I don't have a gripe with that.  I only mention it for those that don't read the fine print.The reason I won't be using the Amazon Store Card again when my balance is paid off is due to a payment issue.  I pay my bills with a debit card.  I am charged $10 whenever I pay my bill.  They add the $10 to my Amazon Store Card balance.  That's a little strange and I'm not sure why they do it.  Maybe to increase my balance by $10 every month to charge me even more interest in the end?  I'm merely speculating, but it's possible.  Today, when I made a payment, the customer service rep waived my $10 fee.  I didn't ask for that and I appreciated it so much.  It's possible they are trying to change.  Time will tell.
Received a bill 3 days after opening card.  Most of my items haven't even shipped yet and I received a bill, with a payment due in 20 days.  I can't review the charges because I need the card, which I do not have yet.
Two years ago, I went thru some difficult financial times, and I was unable to pay some of my credit cards.  The Amazon card, however, I used only at their store and I paid it off quickly and completely almost every month.  I was happy to have just that card and give up all the others, because, after all, you can get anything on Amazon!  Then, after many months, apparently when they discovered I had lost my credit rating, Amazon unilaterally cut back my credit line to only $120.  When I requested an increase, they denied it.  Since I had never missed a payment to them, I thought this was a stupid move on their part, because now I use only my bank debit card and I don't even use their card at all.  That also means I will shop elsewhere instead of on their site.  I'm probably going to cancel their card, if they don't have enough sense to see that I was using it responsibly and able to pay the balance in full frequently.  to heck with them.
I got this card at Christmas lured by a teaser on the website offering a $25.00 gift card with a new account. It would be helpful if when you sign on there was a big tab that simply said &#34;make a payment&#34;. Instead, you have to be a saint not to get frustrated trying to determine where to make that payment. If you do miss a payment the interest rate is 20-30% with substantial added fees. I have managed to make all payments on time but live in fear of missing one. Doesn't do well to bolster warm and fuzzy feelings toward Amazon. Besides squeezing everybody down the supply chain to bring you (and me) that free-shipping, they are unabashed about stickin' it to their faithful. As usual, profit is paramount to all else (especially customer service) in many big-box business models and Amazon/GE/Chase are certainly no exception.
Unable to log in and See my balance. Discontinued card with Amazon and now using a more reliable card. Disappointed
Every time I try to get to my account to review balance and payments the system will not accept my user name and password.  After requesting this info I tried again and was in several screens before finding the account page. Make it simpler, please.
Banks get THEIR money at less than 1% so what's with the ULTRA-GREED??  After the initial 0% APR, I use this card minimally and am considering cancelling it.  I shop a LOT at Amazon and do not believe this is the best banking service they could arrange.  I noticed their free shipping qualifier went up from $25 to $35, too.  What happened to $30?  What is with all the constant upgrades in prices without a little modest increment... $5 would have been enuf.  But, that's hardly why we're here... GECRB is a VERY GREEDY banking institute and doesn't cut a deal after the promo - It's an APR of 25.99%  -  that's over 25% above the cost of money provided by the federal reserve to banks - THAT IS GREEDY!  I'm very disappointed with Amazon and believe they can work out a better APR with this bank or work out a good deal for its customers with another bank.  After all, they're all making RECORD profits almost every quarter and can afford to be more reasonable IF they want to keep customers happy... OBVIOUSLY it's NOT a priority here!  I STRONGLY urge consumers to hesitate before signing up for this.
Its alright-I use other cards over this because there are not benefits. No points....no discounts...Just a bad card with interest like any other....the more you spend the lower it is but still...I would rather get 5% back on discover or chase.
I find your way for me to get into "amazon.com/storecard" not user friendly.  I can't just find a simple way to get into my account to make a payment.  Everytime I have to hunt and peck.  It's VERY annoying.  Even this comment-I can't find the button to submit it.  Grief!  And most CC have a place to have a reminder sent to my email before the payment is due.  You don't have anything like that that I can find.
This is pathetic, Ive been using this card for at least three years and have always paid off balances before the promotional date, never reached the full limit on the card yet make purchases on a regular basis and kept my balance below a third of the limit.I am NEVER Late.So you review my credit history NOW???? and tell me I suck and lower my limit???Really??? Why did you give me a card?... let alone a big fat credit line in the first place?
WOW  i see alot of people say they don't like your credit system well i thought it was pretty good till they started messing with me too. i applied shortly before Christmas and received i believe a 900.00 limit i thought wow cool cus i don't have horrible credit but i don't have the best either , then i shopped for Christmas and as soon as i used it they knocked me down to 700 and i was at that limit then every time i got the payment down one hundred dollars they lowered it again i am now down to only a 300.00 limit what a joke i have not been late or anything.now i see why people get pissed off.probably closing it when i get it paid off.cbtharleyangel
I have tried two different times.  Between those two times I have been online for a total of at least 2-1/2 hours.  When I asked to speak to someone in the United States, I was &#34;hung up on&#34; two or three times.  I was given the wrong information four times.All I wanted to do was pay my bill!!!!!  I was out of town and was trying to find out my &#34;Amazon Store Card number&#34;.  I was sent to the wrong companies who &#34;supposedly&#34; managed the account, and, again, I was given the wrong information.So, after talking with approximately 6 or 8 different people and at least 2-1/2 hours I finally have the problem resolved.  When I went to the statement I am being charged $9. 70 LATE CHARGES......AFTER I HAD BEEN TRYING TO GET THIS DONE......SO MUCH FOR A SENIOR CITIZEN WHO IS TRAVELING TO GET THE HELP THAT WAS NEEDED THE FIRST TIME I CALLED!Sincerely,cpugal
The concept behind the card is great.  I loved using it; however, finding the card information online to make payments has been difficult.  I paid the card off last time I found the online site, but I have not used it since.  I am going to be closing the card from my account.
It would be nice if there was a phone number that can easily be found for when I need to call about my card. I am canceling my card because I can never get the help I need when I need it. A lot of wasted time hunting a phone number down.
Trying to use card,but they want meto &#34;re-enter account info&#34;,without leaving me a place to do so!!! Just 7 days til Christmas!!
I Called customer service about not getting my statement and was inquiring why.  I tried to sign up for paperless online and register but it would not let me so I needed to talk to someone regarding this.  When customer service got on the phone she didn't not even let me speak about what my problem was, she kept assuming the things that I was inquiring about and she would not let me explain that all I really wanted was to know why I haven't got a statement, how I can sign up for paperless and plain and simple I just wanted to pay my bill.  Finally after her being rude and treating me like I was three year old, she stated I had the wrong account number(which they sent me) so that is why I wasn't registered.  She stated the number that it should be in a rude and fast manor, where I had to ask her three times to repeat it.  Finally I asked to talk to her supervisor and she then stated sorry to me.  I  told her I have never been treated so rudely and all I was trying to do was pay my bill and it wasn't my fault they sent me the wrong account and card. I told her I hope she has a better day and hung up the phone.  I finally got registered, but It was a terrible experience!
I made a purchase approximately 2 or 3 months ago, a relatively small purchase via the Amazon web site. I was expecting to receive a paper bill/statement in the mail, but did not receive one. After a period of time elapsed I totally forgot about the bill. I then started receiving these very annoying messages. Called the number and was told electronically, that I owed 23.50. Ten dollars of which was a late charge. You should of at least send a notice of pending payment penalty if not paid by a specified date. Poor billing practices.
I loved it at first, I kept my balance low. But then they lowered my balance, causing me to show as being in default and exceeding my balance. I am not a fan of that, but I am sure it works for them. I was using this to make little purchases, but go figure they decide to be a pain right before holidays. Not your best foot forward Amazon.
DUE TO EXTREME WEATHER CONDITIONS MY PAYMENT WAS NOT MADEON TIME.  PLEASE BE SENSITIVE TO OUR SITUATIONS ONCENO CABLE / INTERNET/ ELECTRICLAST THING ON MY MIND WAS TO PAY THIS BILLI'VE SIGNED UP FOR AUTOMATIC PAYMENT
I really was pleased with the credit at first. I paid everything on time and even in full a few times. I missed one payment that was only two weeks late and they decreased my credit limit from 750 to 160. That is bad customer service especially since I had the credit line for a year and paid it on time faithfully and paid in full. Plus when you pay your credit amount it doesn't post to your credit until about 3-4 days later. Typical credit card bank BS.
There are a lot of basic things that this card does not offer such as being able to update your basic information online. The main thing that i dont like about this card the the fact that even if you try to pay before your due date the money wont be drawn form your account until then, WTF! If you plan on buying an item that has special financing offers use the card just for that one item, or the amount will still accrue interest if you purchase other things since the computer calculated the interest on the total balance. but i love shopping on amazon so I will keep the card for a bit longer...
Has anyone bothered to review how your customer service department is doing?  I got a customer service representitive who had a problem speaking the English language.  So, she said, she would transfer me to another service representitivewho would help me.  Right about that time the phone line got disconnected.  I thought you should know what kind of service your providing to your customers.
In January, I had some unauthorized purchases made to my kindle for some games and apps. I contacted the bank and was told that an &#34;investigation&#34; will have to be done. I am still waiting... and what are we in...March? I sent like only a thousand emails, only to be sent back computer-generated responses. I want my money back because when I was spending it, I didn't have to go through all this red tape!!!!!
This card is ok. Its hard to find where to pay it. They should provide a link in your amazon account somewhere. I also wish it was a simpler interface. I bought multiple things over the course of months with the interest deferment, but it is hard to see what items are expiring. I got nailed with large interest fee just the other day. It would be nice to have had an email saying hey...guess what...interest on this item is about to fall all over you. Now it makes me think twice about using it. They should model their interface after Chase's. Super easy to use, even has tools to show you how to save on interest with payments called Blueprint. They put he customer first. I wish I could say the same about this card. I doubt I will use it again. Or at least not for every day purchases. I am not getting rocked with interest like that again.
Got the card and after a few days of using it, I paid a portion of the balance off online. Next thing I know I check the card online and it says I've missed a payment. Because I paid prior to my first statement even coming out they never gave me credit for paying it and so now I have a $25 dollar late fee. Thanks a lot!
Throughout the site, it says that the account number is on the statement. Only the last 4 digits are on the statement. I finally called tech support to get my account number. Now, the system is not letting me log in to pay my bill. This is a poorly designed site.Was your site developed by the same incompetents that failed with the Obamacare website? Having been a database programmer since 1976, I know a good site from a poor one and so far, this is pretty poor.
I opened this account about a month ago. I spend a lot more a month on amazon than the credit limit they gave me. I pay the credit card bill within a few days, thinking that I could spend more on this card. After attempting this a few times, I realize that they do not allow this. I have a zero balance, but they won't let me spend more. It's no big deal, I can use any of my credit cards for these purchases, but I have had a few important shipments get delayed because this card, due to reaching my &#34;credit limit&#34; when I have very little to no balance.
I have had Amazon account for almost 3 yrs always pay my bill 10 days ahead of time but some reason it posted 1 day late for the 1st time they charged me a $25.00 late fee I will be calling them there has been a few times I pay my bill on line 10 days ahead of time but it wont post until the due date I am thinking they are waiting to post to get full interest out of customers be sure to check your statement carefully
I am very disappointed with this card.  When going on-line to pay my bill as I do monthly, there is no simple 'make-a-payment'option evident. I have to hunt and sign in several times to get to the section where I can pay.  Then, when I do pay, as I doconsistently, I find a late charge tacked on to my purchases even though I pay every month at the same time.  I will have todiscontinue using this card so I don't have to pay this 'penalty' monthly for it's use.  This is my only account that presentsboth of these problems.  All others are simple and painless with no extra charges added - except for Amazon.
I want to use my own bill paying system provided by my bank.  I don't want to use the online system that Amazon provides.I don't have a physical card, as this is a store account,So . . .  there's no way to get my actual account number from the website.  I'm securely signed in, no one has stolen my password, I'd just like to know my account number so I can pay my bill the way I want to, not the way THEY want me to.Seriously, should it be this hard to get that simple piece of information??  All over the site, they reference my last four digits of my account.VERY FRUSTRATING, especially considering how hard Amazon works to make their user interface EASY.
Not that impressed with the Amazon store credit card. Its a real pain to log in or to find help on the card if your forgotten your password. To many hoops to jump through. My bank has half the hoops to jump through and its twice as secure. Not sure why they opted for the online pay with a check, Would of never signed up if I knew they wouldn't take debit card or visa. I could understand visa, that cost everyone, but debit  doesn't.
I bought the Led Zeppelin I C.D. right after I was approved,because it came with a free MP3. For $10.97 W/ a $ 10.00 credit for BEING approved, it only cost .97 So I sent it off through MY banking on-line "bill pay". Where they don't have MY info, I have theirs. So I "PUSH" money to them, they don't "PULL" money from me. When I ckecked my first statement,it said balance due, .97 due on 10-20-13....So...I bought a couple more books,a movie,(dvd)mailed,ect. and my statement @ that point said,...payment recieved, .97 , balance due $ 53.90 due 10-20-13?....So I sent THAT off on the 1st. & it didn't post 'till the 15th. That's a LONG time for an "on line"..."next day" payment.So be careful to pay early. as for the comment by B. Schmidt.....The reason your payments went STRAIGHT to this card?....It does automatically,...you have to go to your account,...then to payment methods...then delete any card you don't want to use. I keep them ALL deleted, 'till I buy something...then just go to payment methods..enter THE card I want to use, Buy the item(s),then go back & delete it again. A little work, but worth it in the end my friend..All the best....D.Bewley A.K.A. TATER
Very hard to cancel an order.
Good no interest options, haven't had any poor experiences and works well integrated with Amazon but it's paying the bill and monitoring that's annoying!  No integration with other services like mint.com or personalcapital.com.  It's GE Money and the two credit lines I have through them are the ones I have to remember to check and mentally include into my bills rather than getting a nice clean report of all debts/assets using services.They really need to get in gear and provide modern access to accounts.
Be careful with this card due to the fact that Amazon will run your credit while you possess the card and drop your limit at their discretion leaving you with a full balance.Buyer beware!
We changed our ID 3 years ago and still have trouble signing in.  Today - April 12 I had to change our password twice just to make sure it was okay.  We have definitely enjoyed using the card, it's just getting to the payment page and the payment procedure that stinks.  We are retired and it seems as if every time we try to go online to the Amazon store card payment site, we encounter trouble.  We are entertaining the thought of just tearing the card up.Donald CourlissJonesborough Tennessee
I have recently received credit from major banks for over $10,000 yet my store card limit remains at $900. Im going 2 pay it off
I love this card for making big purchases, no interest for six months is really great!  But - you can't schedule automatic payments so you have to remember to schedule your payments online with the Store Card - not through your bank.  I thought I had set up a payment for this past month as I have this task scheduled each month; for whatever reason the payment did not go through and they called my cell phone everyday 3x per day until I realized who was calling me and made the payment online.  I didn't realize who was calling me because the ID shows as &#34;Unknown&#34; and when you answer it says &#34;Please hold for an important message&#34;.  Would you hold for what you think will be a sales call?  Didn't think so.  Anyway, it is a good card, but don't forget to make your payments before they are due.
I am unhappy with the shipping end of things my cardstock paper was totally smashed open & paperback book all but destroyed, when shipped with a cast iron pot & not propperly packed
I've returned three items & have still not had my account credited. It's been over two weeks & I know the iems were received! So why hasn't my account been credited for the returned items? It stinks! They have the items & I am still having to pay for them!
This has been a very difficult card to manage online for payments if you are a busy individual. I have no issues with other online payments. This site locked out and to reset you need to have your statement info on you or it is unable to verify information without your card only to reset when upon return. This is not a mobile friendly site as well as, it takes some time to make payments via online. I love Amazon but they need to improve there navigation apps. Even if you make the payment on the due date time varies and you will be hit with charges. My recommendation is to set up reoccurring payments or just pay the balance off at the end of the month. Other then that Amazon rocks!
I have been trying to straighten out a bill I've paid twice and has been 'returned' for over a week now.My checking acct has been attached to this store card since I joined w/no issues until now.I liked the ease of everything until now.Once an issue comes up you have no way to DO anything about it.There is no way to email them.Go ahead...look.I've called 3 times.The first time the customer service was so irritating repeating the same thing and telling me I could pay on the phone for another FEE.I finally hung up.I was getting somewhere the second time and then was disconnected after being on hold for 15 minutes.The last I was on hold for about 30 minutes then told to call another time.I assumed you closed at 7pm when I was disconnected 12 minutes ago!I just want to get this paid off and dump this card.
I haven't had this credit card for very long, but I also have a Discover and I love comparing. So with the Amazon store card I really am not impressed. First things first, I was approved on the spot, which I was ok with. Also the credit line wasn't bad either. Second, not too happy with the interest rate. Like seriously, 24.99%? My discover is a 7.99% so this is why I use my Discover way more. I'm not sure if other people with this card get promotions with discounts or rewards or even a promo APR, but I sure as s*** haven't been offered anything. I find it odd that they wouldn't give a NEW card member something so they WANT to use the account more. My Discover ALWAYS has promotions going on tailored to each customer which I love. So defiantly going to be using this card as a last resort, if any. Also wanted to throw in here that this sad excuse of an account center to manage your account "quick and easy" is just a complete eye sore and is irritating to use as a new customer. Bottom line.... if you want to use this card go for it, but I'd rather stick with Discover they're way more customer based than any other credit card company I've been with.
i tried to up date my new store/card on line && chat  system would-not let me chat /guy-neo-matthew had NOT-been trained well even after i provided both OLD+&+new store card ##'s waste of time!!
I signed up for paperless billing.  The problem is, you have to have excel to look at your statement, and so instead of it looking like what you would get in the mail, all you get is a spreadsheet format.  I am going back to paper statements.  I can still check my balance online.  I like the storecard, don't get me wrong.  It is a great system, and instead of using my regular credit card, I can keep up with all of my Amazon purchases in one place.  But until they can give me a statement online that looks like the one I got in the mail, like I said, I have no choice but to go back to paper.
The on-line statement of my acct does not have the same info as the paper statement, viz., the amount owed on the most recent statement. The on-line statement shows the total amount owed on the acct, but as everybody knows purchases after the statement closing date accrue to the next billing month. I don't want to pay the total amount owed on the acct; I just want to pay the amount owed per the most recent statement. A line item providing amount owed per most recent statement would solve the problem; a .pdf of the statement would be even better. In fact a .pdf of the statement would enable me to save a copy, thus obviating the need for a paper copy.
Had for a year or so.  Seems charging to it still has issues and can't use card now doesn't recognize auththetification, plus high interest rate, couldn't get customer service several time and agree with others about  problems they listed.
I paid off my account and when i did a credit check 3 weeks later it was still reported that i had owed the balance which i intern found out it lowered my rating 6 points &#8230;. i would like this proceedure of reporting done more effectively
I've had this card for a few years. I like that it's just the store card and so that is the only place I can use it,  that's about the only plus!The minus' are: 1. I have great credit and their interest rate is CRAZY!  I make sure I try every month to pay it off!  2. I hate how even if I check another way to pay for a purchase, it goes directly back to the credit card so you have to really pay attention! 3. I also don't like that when I buy anything from my Kindle, it goes directly to the card.  4.  They make it nearly impossible to find the way to make a payment online.  I see a lot of complaints about this, and believe me I understand.  I finally figured it out and have no problems now, but Amazon really should address this problem. Amazon is a great store, but seriously this credit card isn't one I'd ever use unless I could pay it off every month!  *Also be careful of the promotions they offer...if you buy something else doing your promotion period,  your payment could be put against that purchase and you will be paying interest...VERY HIGH interest.
I do understand why however, how am I supposed to remember my password when you keep requiring me to change it nearly every month!
Find another card.  The poor service is just not worth it.  This card has been ok until recently when I made an extra payment they're holding my funds.  If there's a problem with a payment, or there is suspect of fraud, why not contact the account holder?  After a brief phone call I've been shrugged off.Not happy!
I've used this card and others managed by GEMB and you guys need to update your policies on allowing aggregators to interact. Every other credit card and store card I have that isn't GEMB works fine with companies like Mint. But for some policy reason of &#34;Security&#34; GEMB doesn't allow it.I have cards from BoA, USAA, Chase and several others; and all of them interact nicely with aggregator applications. Please fix this feature or work out some terms with the aggregators. 100k worth of mortgages, cc's and car loans and the $300 from the Amazon card can't be tracked except using the crappy GEMB tools.
I love the full store however, there is a serious issue with customer services agents/associate. I made two phone calls about a problem with my account summary and recieved the most hostile response from an professional business. I was demeaned devalued and misdirected; I want better from Amazon their customer services agents Jewel and the other agent whose name I could not clear because her negative attitude about me became personal for no reason.  Next problem I pay my bill early and it will take weeks before the payment is showed in my account summary and othe cost are not explained. Again, I love the full store but hate customer services and hate that there is not a detail readout of cost...
after never missing a payment, never late on a payment, and always paying double the monthly amount due, GE Capital Bank decreased my credit limit!!!! WTH???? This is a first for me........
;you make it SO DIFFICULT TO FIND WHERE TO MAKE A PAYMENT ON YOUR CARD.  I HAVE TO SEARCH AND SEARCH UNTIL I JUST HAPPEN TO FALL INTO THE RIGHT PLACE TO MAKE MY PAYMENT.  YOU SHOULD HAVE A LINK ON YOUR HOME PAGE THAT TAKES THE CUSTOMER DIRECTLY TO THE PAYMENT PAGE.  I'M SURE YOU HAVE HEARD THIS BEFORE!  I AM SO FRUSTRATED, THE ONLY PLACE I CAN GET TO IS WHERE TO CHANGE MY PASSWORD AND THAT IS NOT WHAT I WANT TO DO!IT IS ALSO MAKING ME CHANGE MY PASSWORD EVERY TIME I LOG IN TO THE STORE CARD.  THIS IS RIDICULOUS AND SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE TO CORRECT THIS.  A PERSON CAN ONLY COME UP WITH SO MANY PASSWORDS TO REMEMBER!
I am writing this review today as a long time user of Amazon Prime and an Amazon card holder for multiple years.That being said, I would recommend for anyone who is considering applying for this card because of the attractive no interest financing options to stay away and pursue another credit provider (unless the finance charge savings are significant and cannot be obtained elsewhere). I have been using this card for multiple years and have happily paid all of my bills on time - except for two mishaps. On two occasions, my account went past due/overlimit and I acknowledged this was my fault and promptly responded to their collection calls (India based) and made payments to bring down the balance below the credit limit and back to current status. I am not complaining about being charged accrued interest and late fees during that time, I understand as a card holder it is my reponsiblity for keeping track of these offers and adherring to terms. That is not why I am rating this card as a "two star" experience.I am now going to be paying the account off in full and closing it as to end the credit arrangement on my own terms so it is reported that way by Experian/Transunion/Equifax. Over the last three months, I have seen GE Capital reduce my very modest credit limit of $500.00 to $270.00. This underhanded move affects me in many ways, but most important of all their decisions are affecting my credit worthiness which I am working hard to build/maintain. I am young (27) and any blips like this on my relatively short payment record affect me in a big way.Do not make the same mistake that I did and expect to use this as an open line of credit, considering GE Capital does not seem interested in servicing their accounts that way. The money I saved on a few large purchases just was not worth it for me.
The only problem that I face today after getting this card was GECRB put a hard enquiry on my well-kept credit file knowing that I hold many of its credit cards run  by GECRB bank only. They deducted two pints because of the hard enquiry. Why not tell me before? And if I did get approved.....why not just remove the hard enquiry from my credit file.Why?  [ pssst.....I know that an enquiry stays on the report for two years ]  Why not inform first?
One of the worst experiences I've ever had. When I purchased something on amazon, it automatically charged this card as my default method of payment so I ended up owning money on this card without my knowledge. I was never notified that a charge was due until the payment was late. The late fee was more than double the cost of the thing I purchased. When creating an account to pay this mess, I found that the interface GE has it terrible. You can't make a payment with a debit or credit card, you have to use a routing number from a check, so have that ready or you're out of luck! Once you do that, it takes days for that to actually process. I thought I was finally in the clear once I had done that, but I just now received an email stating there was an error when making my payment and I'll need to do it again. Of course, they waited so long to tell me that now I'm going to be charged yet another late fee.
There seems to be some problem to Login. I entered my User ID, and was informed that the ID did not match the records. When asked  to enter my card number, the User ID that appeared, is the same User ID I entered at first. After that route, I was able to continue. Kindly rectify this situation, so that the User ID is recognized  the first time. Hoping this bit of information will cause the system to operate better
Trying to select a user ID for this payment page was horrid.  I tried to simply use my AMAZON info that already exists but it would not let me. This is ABSURD. Very Poor.
i am having trouble making my payment,i don't know what is going on and after calling to try to get it worked out,i am even more confused. the guy wanted 10.00 dollars extra for me to make a payment with my credit card,nothing post with-in a timely manner so you never know what is going on.
I would really like to know what the heck is going on. Since February 2014 I have paid in a total of $200 at the time I owed $758.60;  PAYMENT DATE CONFIRMATION# BANK ACCOUNT AMOUNT STATUS04/28/2014 659203574 dvcampbell -9185 $50.00  Pending03/28/2014 642765613 dvcampbell -9185 $50.00  Completed02/28/2014 623661460 dvcampbell -9185 $100.00 CompletedYet my current debt is $674.93. What the heck are you doing? The account statement states:April 4th, 2014  $674.93  March 5th, 2014  $681.95February 5th, 2014  $758.60What happened to my $100.00 payment of which should of dropped my account to a balance of $658.95 The $50.00 payment made in March should have dropped my balance to $608. 95 My current payment of an additional $50.00 should of dropped my account due amount to $558.95. So why do I owe $674.93 you have literally stolen a total of $115.98 from me. I have never been late and all payment in excess of what my minimum payments are. So what the heck are you doing? I have called the Better Business Bureau to ask for a full investigation into the business practices you incorporate.This message was sent to the appropriate customer services and they refuse to fix the errors. I objected before and all they did was SUPPOSEDLY give me a $25.00 discount on my next order. However when I made the order it was not applied and to date still have not received this imaginary discount. The products and convenience get a A+ but the billing and supposed discounts rate a flat F and worse. I love Amazon and woul;d love to continue doing business but I cannot afford to be robbed every month.
No where on the Amazon monthly bill does it refer a customer to gemoney.com/amazon in order to make a payment. Also it is very well hidden on the Amazon storecard website to go there. Once there and you establish the necessary security criteria you would think that has solved everything. No. Now the site at gemoney.com/amazon will not recognize my password. After resetting the password lets see if it can remember it. I have mine wrote down. I love the products and fast shipping Amazon offers as well as the very customer friendly returns and refund for return shipping charges if it was their fault. If the previous concerns were corrected then Amazon would have probably the best site on the internet.
i bought a book last may and signed up for an amazon store card, the charge was $ 5.09. i recieved nothing from amazon or ge bank until today when i was informed i was late making a payment. i never received a bill or a credit card. i couldn't figure out what to do so i finally called ge bank and after i explained i bought one book for $5.09, she voided a second charge for $9.09 and a late charge. this was a real mess. i'm reluctant to try it again.
It is frustrating having such a low limit, and I have requested alerts at a low level as well as account pay-off monthly.  I would like to be able to make a payment as soon as an alert is received. It isn't that I don't have the funds, it is that I must make expensive business purchases, which this limit will not cover if there is anything else on the card.  Therefore, I would like to pay off the card every time an alert is sent.
Just out of curiosity, I checked my CC balance and to my surprise, my payment was due 10 days after I made a purchase. What kind of trickery is this?
I love my Amazon Card.  I ABSOLUTELY HATE YOUR BILL PAY SYSTEM!!!!!Why do I have to go to another companies webpage to pay my bill.  If I'm on my Amazon account I should be able to pay my bill with the same ease I do when making a purchase.  IT ISN'T, and the Credit Card company GE Credit will NOT show any grace in regards to late fee. PERIOD.Either find a way to simplify my bill paying or I will do more shopping at other sights, that do allow easier payment options.
I agree with many others about the problems with 0n-line payments with this account via GE Capital. I made a payment on-line and was not notified my bank had &#34;rejected the payment&#34;. Since I have overdraft protection and checked with the bank I know this was not possible. I was then charged a late fee of $25.00 and still was not notified of a problem. When I tried to make anther payment with my credit union account it would not let me as &#34;this bank previously rejected a payment&#34;. Another credit union account had issues also; when I switched to a Wells Fargo account it was acceptable. Very strange activities; makes you wonder about credit union transactions with GE Capital. I will use this card in limited quantities and pay it twice a month by checking current balance data so this does not happen again. They need to get the bugs worked out with this to make it more viable.
This card needs to have more then one way to pay. For some reason my bank refused payment and then I got a late fee of 25.00 dollars. I am trying another time to get my bank to pay, we will see if it goes through this time, if not I don't know what to do so I can pay on this card. Give us another way to pay on this card.
GE Capital Amazon Store Card. Signed up for one of the no interest promotional purchases if paid on time. 1st thing that happened is the card became my autopay method. I made several purchases before I discovered that my AMEX card had been removed as the preferred payment and replaced with the Store Card. I set up scheduled payments that would pay off the balance in half of the time thinking I was paying off the promotional balance first. At the end of the promotion I had some piddling amount left. The next statement I had a huge interest payment added. When I called I was told it was because I hadn't paid the promotional balance in full by the due date. So what they, GE Capital, did was stack the smaller purchases made afterwards on top of the promotion so they had to be paid first instead of last thusly protecting the larger earlier purchase. Soooooooo........... as someone else stated1. Use a Store Card for only one purchase at a time until that purchase has been paid in full.2. After signing up for a Store Card check to make sure it doesn't become your preferred payment method for all purchases.3.You can call CS and dictate how you want the payment amount to be allocated amongst multiple purchases. Be prepared to stay on the phone for 15-20 minutes to get this done each time so...... see #1.4. At 25.99% interest adds up fast and god forbid you miss a scheduled payment.
I can't tell if this card is a good product in it's function because so far, it hasn't worked.  Dunno if the payment sites are being clitchy, but i made an order for a fan a week ago today, paid extra for the expedited shipping, 1-3 business days.  I decided to use the store card for the first time, gain some points, and then to pay the balance.  Couldn't pay the balance because the site wasn't working.  Waited a day, and was able to access my accnt info, but not pay the balance because it told me that the transaction was still pending.  Waited a day.  Waited another day. Now, I have no fan, and the transaction not only never finished processing, but is no longer mentioned in my account at all, showing a zero balance with no transaction history.  Tried to reach them via the message center, but that site was also down for the last few days, and my message finally posted last midnight.  Weird?  Safe to use?  Think I will just use the checking account next time, and cancel this card because of all the usage issues surrounding it, and its potential for heavy interest if a mistake is made.
I received a letter from Amazon sending me a new Amazon .com store card. The letter gives instructions how to sign on for e-bill just go to the website. Who ever designed this letter to help its customers does not have a clue what they are doing. Don't use the information on the letter to try and get connected because it won't make any sense. I tried to use the card, after jumping through hoops for 10 minutes and getting nowhere,  it was easier to just go to a competitor's site and buy the product I was looking for.
wow! really badthe rest of amazon is greatmust be this GE part that stinks so badi worked for GE aerospace div a long time agoreally really did not like itmust be same people in the credit card div
First of all I do not remember ever signing up for an Amazon card. I usually make any purchases using my paypal account, so I was a little confused when I received a call that a payment was due. However, the recording was saying the payment wasnt due  for another 15 days, and the next day I had another recorded message abaout it. I couldnt find ANY info on line about a payment due so I called the number that was on my phone, and please believe me when I say Im not prejudice, but when Im having trouble with finances dealing with something Im not even sure about, it makes it just a little more difficult for me when I can hardly understand the person speaking on the other end of the line. After I answered all the security questions and my address and phone, etc, I simply asked can you explain to me what this purchase was for and how I have a amazon card. The response put me off a little, I was simply told, Mr.so and so, you made this purchase and have agreed to make the payment on the purchase and payment is now due. REALLY? Is that what I just asked you sir? I dont think so! Again, I said, I understand that, now I need to know WHAT was purchased , when , and how do I have a amazon card? Again with the &#34; you made this purchase and agreed to pay&#34;. At that point I just paid it off (it was a VERY low amount) and said I would be canceling this card after further investigation. Maybe if I wasnt so confused and my questions could have been answered this review would read a little different.
Very hard to access account and pay bill, no bill due reminder......horrible card!!!!I REALLY HAVE TO WORK TO GET TO THE "PAY YOUR CARD" SECTION! ALSO HIGH INTEREST RATES!!
your on line billing needs some serious work, tried to make a payment would'nt let me in my account then when I did get in it showed zero balance then I get a late balance then I make a payment on Apr 2 then I get a late bill on the 10th finally I had to call and try to get this all straightened out. as of now it looks like it's been taken care of. don't appreciate any negative ratings because someone cant get it together over there.
Please, so that I will not have a late fee charge, I do not get any notification that my bill is even due, so please send me something, thank you.
To me, this credit source seems not unlike the bookie at the corner bar,  with the painfully high and non-competitive interest rates, and terms. Unlike a bookie, they cannot break your thumbs with late payment, just your credit worthiness, I suppose ! I use this card for small purchases which I  payoff in 1 to 2 months because of the ridiculous terms and interest rate. I'm still trying to figure how to opt out of a recurring monthly payment/debit because I prefer to  pay manually.In my opinion, this credit card is probably for folks with bad credit,  1st time credit, or for selected interest-free purchases if paid off within 6 or 12 months when offered. If you have excellent credit as we do, why would you want to run up large balances on this high cost card ?
Usually, I am very satisfied with Amazon, but trying to make a payment on my store account takes way too long.  Clunky, time consuming, and over the top.
With so many complaints from consumers about the difficulties making payments, one would think that Amazon would manage to actually DO something to help!While I've been able to get through the payment process twice now, it is a painful process. Why can't Amazon just have a payment tab on the REGULAR website?! Do a little work on this for the benefit of people who want to keep their credit good!! It shouldn't take 10 or 15 minutes to make a simple online credit payment! It doesn't ANYWHERE else!! Come on AMAZON!!! LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!! Or are you doing it this way to collect lots of late fees? That's shameful . . .
called your phone line for two days never got through is this how you run a business? will have too call Montgomery county attorney general if I do not get satisfaction
My experience with the Amazon store card has not been positive - I am a LONG TIME Amazon user, an Amazon Prime member, a person that literally will NOT buy anything without first checking Amazon to see if it's available there, how the pricing compares, how the reviews are.That being said, Amazon (or rather their partner in the Store card, GE Capital) failed to send the actual card in a prompt manner, and failed to send promised email reminders of payments due.The issue about the physical card is that you cannot enroll to make online payments thru the Amazon account center without it. That combined with no email reminder caused me to be late on my very 1st payment. Attempts to speak with someone about this were routed thru the Bangalore call center, where language barriers, poor phone connection, and no direct chain of command that leads one to an account supervisor upon request make it a frustrating experience... one that has not gotten me any answers yet about whether my "Late Fee" can be waived, whether my account is in "Good Standing", etc.After being on the phone for over an hour, being routed thru no fewer than 3 English language-challenged call center employees - who placed me on hold repeatedly, I was finally directed to a person I was told would be a "supervisor". The connection went fuzzy almnost immediately, the person could not understand my requests, nor I their responses, and then the line went dead!!!After years of finding everything top-notch about dealing with Amazon, i hope this message will be read by someone involved with Amazon that I'm sure would want to know how frustrating this experience has been, and how sub-par the service is in comparison with most everything else at Amazon.At the very least perhaps others will read this before signing up for an Amazon Store card and think twice!
I always seem to have trouble trying my bill.  It is frustrating.  I also can never find the log out.
I made an online payment and it is still "Pending" after 36 hours. Payments, such as these, should be posted immediately, not 2 or 3 days after the fact.
Statements and the online account portal indicate how much the next payment amount is and when it's due, but both omit information about any past due amount.  For instance, if there's $25 past due, the next statement I receive will show there is an amount due in 3 weeks or so.  folded into that amount is the $25 past due, but the statement doesn't not anything about $25 past due.  Amazon/GE Capital actively hide information about past due payments.  However, if a payment goes past due for 2 weeks, THEN Amazon will send a notification. and by then they have charged a late fee.  But then when I log online or look at my statement it shows that the next payment is due in 2 weeks and doesn't show me that their is a past due payment that needs to be made.  The only way I can discover what's past due is by calling Amazon.I would like to assume positive intent here, but it's hard to believe this is simply an oversight, especially when their is a monetary benefit to Amazon/GE Capital as a result of this practice (in the form of late fees).
Everytime I try to find out my balance, they say I am not registered and I have to go thru it all again!! Plus change user names and password! I don't recieve bills on time, then HAVE to pay late charges and can't get online to view bill!!The convience of using it is great....but to pay it is TERRIBLE!! Will cancel if I keep getting charged late fees for something that is NOT my fault!!
I've had this card for many years and I haven't had any issues with Amazon.com store card until now. I have a promotional balance expiring in December and in October I e-mailed them and asked them to apply ALL payments towards it first (which legally you are SUPPOSED to be able to do!). Instead of e-mailing me back and giving me any type of information about what was ACTUALLY going to happen I had to find out in my November statement that nothing had been applied as I asked. I went through customer service on the phone this time and after a VERY long call where the agent seemed to have no knowledge about it (she had to consult with her "manager" many times), she explained that her "manager" told her that "the system" would recognize that any payment made above and beyond the minimum payment each month would automatically be applied to the most-soon-expiring promotional balances first. That was utter s***. I did the math Amazon! That is completely UNTRUE! So now I have to find a way to make my minimum payment PLUS the $150 promotional balance before 11/17/13 when my statement month rolls over because THEN I'll owe another minimum payment...awesome! Thanks for the heads up Amazon! Excellent customer service my ass...
So a couple years ago I received information about this credit card, was really not expecting to get one and was shocked to find that I was initially given $800 credit limit.  That was wonderful because it helped with Christmas that year and was convenient because I didn't have to go out and fight the crowds. I initially had issues making payments with the on-line payment option because I couldn't find where to go to make the payment.  I got that resolved and have been making payments ever since.Now I get a letter saying, oh we recently checked your credit score and don't like what we found so we're lowering your limit to $xxx.xx.  First of all, you checking my credit score periodically is helping to lower my score. It's irritating and will be writing a letter to ask that you stop that. Second, you don't make it easy to pay you.  I can schedule a payment today and but have to wait until tomorrow to sign back on and schedule the next payment.  That's ridiculous, if you would change that option I would be paying you every two weeks and therefore there wouldn't be any issues with payments not received on time!!! The reason you don't allow this is because you can charge me more interest on my balance if I'm not lowering and if by chance I forgot to schedule a payment then I'm charged the crazy late fee.I'm really torn between paying this credit card off and terminating it or just keep it for emergencies.My thoughts are that after you read this review you probably make the decision for me...I guess time will tell.
Have called them 2 times for an easy fix. Both times I got the run around, and I don't think I spoke with anyone in the US. They cashed my payment, then told me it would be a minimum of 6 days for it to reflect on my account. The card is great, the customer service is lacking and the timing is horrible. I will change my starts when this gets better.
2 times in 3 months I have not received a printed statement. I did not sign up for paperless or electronic statements. This caused me to be late with a payment and I had to pay a fee. I realize that it is my responsibility to make payments on time and I take that responsibility seriously but I prefer a paper statement that I can keep on my desk to remind me of the payment due. I hate to think that not receiving 2 statements in 3 months is not accidental, but it does cause me to pause. A simple issue like this makes me prefer using other methods of payment such as I have for many years without incident.
I like Amazon as a retailer , lots of choices. BUT when I check my bill I dont see the important information on purchases, yea some kind of number-? but I don't know where I bought and where I get my refund from. I don't have all this in 1 eye shot....(I need to see these immediately ,not trying to look up my orders on-line ) which will take soo much time.SO Amazon get on the ball and give it to me!!!!
I received an email saying my credit line was increased, only to find out it actually hadnt increased at all.  Sheesh.
I've had this card since September of 2012.  My only gripe is that at first they had a way for you to download statement info to Quicken, and then all of a sudden you couldn't do it anymore.  E-mails to customer support yielded no useful info and no explanation of why this feature was suddenly cut off.  Very annoying.  I plan to stop using the card because of this.
I'm really upset you want my amazon.com store credit card number in order to update my address but will not provide me with my full number any where on this site. How do you expect us to provide this information on amazon.com when their is no place to get it in my account?
When my Amazon.com store card arrived, I started to activate my card online. I did as the instruction. But, when I reached and entered challenge questions' page, and then clicked 'next', these words appeared: "Our system is having technical difficulty retrieving your information. Please try again later."Even though I tried again later for several times, what I only got is this disgusting suggestion: "Our system is having technical difficulty retrieving your information. Please try again later." It took me several hours to try again the next day, but nothing came up.I love the 'Amazon', but does it mean that this system is bad?Could anyone please help me what to do?
I've had the card but a short time, but problems encountered in the first month:- No way I can find to set up ebills for on-line bill-pay.- When I asked how to get ebills I was told that the email bill I was receiving was an ebill.  IT IS NOT.- If you forget your account number you have only one option, that being to cancel the account and open a new one.I am very disappointed that Amazon would put their name on such a poor product.
I scheduled a payment and instead of the scheduled payment the late fee post.  I am waiting on a response and will pay this account off and deal with it differently.  Check your account frequently. One day so called late and a whopping $25.00 late fee appears immediately.  Will pay off soon and close.
I preordered a PS4 for the holidays. 2 days before release- my credit limit was reduced to .70 cents above my balance. I called GE Capital and they said &#34;we can't tell you why it was reduced, but it is probably due to issues with your credit report.&#34; Thing is, they gave me an unrequested credit increase 2 years ago when my credit was worse and it has since greatly improved- so that makes no sense. He then rudely said &#34;you can either find another payment method or pay more of it off&#34;. Really? GE Capital is notorious for this kind of crap. Keep your utilization low and they will cut you down. That action will red flag you to your other creditors who see your credit utilization spike and they will follow suit and before you know it your credit is in bad shape.
Love the fact that I can pay over six months, wonderful Amazon!  However, I will probably not be using this nice service again real soon!  Way to difficult to find where to make a payment.  Wondering if this is done on purpose...so one is left paying intrest because they never find the place to pay!  What the hell Amazon, it could be much easier.  See many replys stating people other than me can not find the payment link!  This needs to be fixed,,I for one will be going else where!!!!Faye
When filling out banking info ie, routing#, checking acct#, LEAVE OUT CHECK NUMBER.  Otherwise, you'll receive a returned payment notice.  Even though, the instructions include the check number.
I've had this service for several months now and I've yet to receive a statement, either by mail or by email.  No reminders are sent when payment due date is approaching.  If it weren't for my own reminder calendar, I'd be screwed. In fairness to GE, they did remove the late charge and finance charge for my first transaction on the Amazon card.
As much as I love shopping at Amazon, I can't figure out why it is so hard to pay your bill. I am having problems and every time I have tried to pay my bill there is a PROBLEM. Can't find the site. Also I see I am not the only with a problem with this.
For this transaction your process is a real pain.  It won't let me complete the transaction.  In the process, I get up to selecting the shipping address.  After I do that, I'm taken to the Select Payment Method.  I select the Amazon.com Store Card and the program does not acknowledge my selection, and stops working.  I try to select continue, and I get a memo that tells me to select a payment method before continuing.  The program tells me I can learn more and apply for a store card.  Please straighten out this mess. Please advise soonest.  Frederico A. Ponte coralsea@coralbythesea or seacoral@hawaii.rr.com
ATTENTION ALL AMAZON STORE CARD HOLDERS! THEY SAY NO FEES AND NO INTEREST FOR PURCHASES FOR 6 OR 12 MONTHS.IT IS NOT TRUE ! THEY CHARGE FEES !
I have never experienced any problems with this website.  The only thing I would like to see is that when you click on an amount, it gives you information on the purchase.  This site does not do this.  You have to log out and view your purchase from your account website.  This I find annoying and time consuming.The only other negative thing I find is that you have to give reviews on your purchases and help others to determine if they want to buy their product or not.  They give you nothing for helping them out.  This sucks.  I am not going to do this any longer!  I am not making money for Amazon.  Third party selling I do not like either!  It is just too much of a hassel for returns.  I actually am going to be cutting back on purchases from Amazon.  Their shipping rates are far too high.  Their Prime Account is too costly.  You only save on this is you want to watch all the extras.  I have no use for that.  It is far too much money.  It is outrageous especially in today's economy.
My name is spelled Gale not Gae as you spelled it on the card you sent to me. How could that happen?
With 800 credit score they did not give me $1,000 credit to purchase a guitar. I got $6,000 credit with musicians friend instead. Everybody gives me credit immediately but not the guys behind this credit card.
last week with store card purchase, a Norelco beard trimmer was free after card's $30.00 credit, now that I now have the card approved and in my hand, this free promotion doesn't seem to be available? Was this a come on to get one to apply for their card?Don't like to play games so will I ever use card? Might if it's a quality item I need, and the price is less than buying locally, and of course the shipping is free.If it was free then it should be free now, another promotion shot in the rear possibly or maybe it had a time limit which wasn't posted that I noticed.Bye , Bye Amazon.
I recently made a payment of $247 leaving a balance of $19.87 due on Feb 28. I placed an order on Feb 18 but it was 'delayed' because of a bank refusal? I called the Amazon rep (India)and asked what was the problem. He said that I owed $4, I say again, $4 and untill I paid it I would not get the books I ordered. Furthermore he would make no additional checks or obtain any assistance to find out what was wrong. I have never been late or failed to make a payment, usually just paying off the balance. I went online and paid off the $19.87. Returned to the MyAccount page and looked for a way to send an email - trying to get a US rep or department. Guess what - this is the only place I could find. That was yesterday (Tue). Today I got emails from Amazon - Repeating the denial of book deliveries. Using the store card resulted in this. Decide for yourself.
the only problem I have is trying to find the store card on Amazon's website to make a payment. Google Chrome is my preferred browser and I can't save my favorites like I can on aol
- Hard to find account link to pay.  Had to resort to googling "pay amazon store card".- I can't use my normal banking methods to pay this bill- it *impossible* to find out the account number, which means normal ebill pay mechanisms won't work.- I did not keep the physical card- I wanted to be sure I did not use it (destroyed it).- Turns out the account number is not written anyplace else, and they won't give it to you (only last 4 digits). Thus, I can't pay the bill except via the incredibly annoying, hard-to-find-the-link-for GE bill payment service. This also means I can't setup recurring payments via my bank, in the usual fashion.  Clicking the link for obtaining a replacement card has resulted in failures every time I've tried it.In the end, I will pay off this promo balance, and be happy to cancel and never to use the card again. It does not fit my needs as it is too hard to use, but exceedingly easy to miss a payment or not pay due to the lousy (and broken) bank interface.
I have a credit score of 750+ and all my credit card has a credit limit of $5K.  But GE Credit only allowed me $800.00.  When i asked for an increase they mention that they do not have experience with my account yet.  But that is what credit reports are for right?
I hate when my line of credits are issued on a bendy piece of lightly laminated paper.... i shred all my paper, I feel like I am just going to loose thing piece of paper.... I suppose they cheap out on these "store cards" because we are not ever swiping them in this case, but jesus give me a piece of cardboard or something, perhaps a beer glass, or a pocket knife, or flashlight, anything but a cheap piece of paper.... paid it off and still hate it....
I just received a notice saying that my account has been canceled. I am thanking God forthe favor.the first time I received a note saying my bank refused payment I immediately called GE capital to correct the number on my bank account number, and I thought it was done with.today I posted another payment and came to find out that the information was still incorrect, so I edited my bank account number, which had not been done after my conversation with a gentleman the first time. I have dealt with Amazon for a number of years and have had no problems, and I will continue to do so, but without your credit card. Someone needs to keep better track of things at G E Capital.today's payment was accepted, now I'm wondering if it really was. will have to go on-line to my bank in order to find out for sure.thank you for doing me the favor of canceling my card.appreciatively your,George T healyAmazon.com Gift Cards - In a Greeting Card - Free One-Day Shipping
All I've got to say is American. Hate it when I called with issues with my card that I am talking to someone in India. These people are hard to understand and are very rude. Every issue I have has taken an act of god and literally hours on the phone, mostly being put on hold, to get issues resolved. Also when told issue is taken care of, I check next statement to find out nothing is done, here goes the phone calls again. I thought Amazon was an American company, so why are you using a bank that out sources to India.
I am a terrible keeper of records so I lost track of the timing of my first(supposedly interest-free) purchase. As a result I was charged over $50 in interest. A friendly reminder could have saved me this charge. If you think this is unwarranted, think again. Bill Me Later(via Pay Pal) did just that in my last statement and I saved interest charges. I am now going to pay this account in full and use BML FNO!
This review has nothing to do with a product. It has to do with online bill payment. Every time I get online to pay my bill I have  to continually search to find the area as to where I pay online. It seems every month you change your website. I find it very confusing. I pay most of my bills online and I find yours is the worst.
Signing in to pay bill is always an adventure; ALWAYS! Figuring out where the payment place existed on the internet was a several-day adventure initially, that I repeat in mini every month. Recalling when the payment is due [mid-month, out of step with every other bill, which could probably be changed, but invites yet another unwelcome adventure, which I counter by not ordering very much on this account, which exacerbates the situation]. GE Capital could help out by sending a notice to the e-mail associated with the account a few days before the bill is due; HOW SIMPLE WOULD THAT BE??? Instead, they tell me how much simpler it would be to 'go paperless!' Hint: we are ALREADY paperless, from all the notices they DO NOT send in any way, paperless or otherwise. [I gave 2 stars instead of one, because there have been bright spots in our relationship, and because they allowed this steam-off. But overall, the service is a VERY sore point.]
I was supposed to get $30 off this order for opening up an amazon credit card but it was not given to me
I received a letter from you today telling me that you had noticed that I had not registered my account and that I had better get that done because I may have a payment due.  I knew that I had made a payment and I thought I had registered at that time.  But then, maybe it didn't go through for some reason.  You can imagine my surprise when I tried to register and was informed that my account had already been registered.  Things like that don't exactly fill me with confidence. A 30 percent interest rate doesn't give the warm fuzzies either.
Just like any other credit [card] you have to be careful with it . I missed one payment and the late fees are exorbitant. There is no forgiveness. I going to pay it off and quit using it.It works great for people that can afford to pay it off every month.Needs a lower interest rate.
Convenient to use but way to high in interest, even for people with outstanding credit. Have to be really careful, only way to have one of this, pay off each use and avoid late fees.
I use it and pay off the balance every month and on time.GE lower my credit line for no reason or explanation.Would just close my acct. but your credit rating takes a hit whenyou do that.I would not get it if I could do it over again.
I called to report that there were changes on my card that were not mine and got put on hold then the woman hung up.  I was transferred and didn't get anything resolved.  I will probably cancel my card.
For the past two days, I have not been able to log in to my Amazon Store Credit Account. This makes things difficult as there seems to be no other way to pay the amount owed. I hope this is remedied soon. Thanks
I don't understand why my order was cancelled..  I was told it had something to do with the bank.  I  had a Care Credit Card when I lived in Salt Lake City, Utah. thru my Dentist, it was paid off early, so that was no problem.  I cancelled my order as of January 2 2014 but I would still like to know what was wrong.
been trying to work with customer support for over a week.  site seems to be down much too frequently and does not work with Microsoft IE.  Might want to fix that!
my credit limit was lowered after I paid off my card wich was 1200.00 dollars without checking my credit score wich is about 660 ive been a loyal costumer for a lot of years now im treated like s***
I got a robo phone call asking for $58 to make my account current but my statement says I only owe $25. The robo call want me to make a payment over it I hung up and went to my statement. Since the amounts are different, I'm still confused. The Billing Department is not together at all.
Confusing and difficult online payment system. I suppose they make quite a bit on fees due to people's mistakes. Can't argue with a money making business.
I am very disappointed in the way my account is being handled.I will not be ordering as much in the future.
Applying for the Amazon Store Card is simple, but managing it is a whole different ball game.  I had issues with keeping track of promotional balances. (O% financing for so-many months)  Very difficult to keep track of, if you wanted to avoid paying those finance cost prior to the promotional period ending.  The email customer support was slow to respond, and when they did respond, they were not helpful at all. A bunch of generic responses, that never answered my question.  It was easy to tell the they didn't read my previous emails.  Telephone support took several steps to speak to a person, just to be transferred to someone else.  I just gave up and hung up.Amazon is great, but GEMONEY is not so.
Why are their identical charges to both accounts ($79.00). One is for Prime, but what is the other one for?
I've looked all over but why is there no current ongoing list of current charges/purchases? It took me to orders, but that's not what I want. A kitchen faucet faucet was sent to me by an Amazon third party seller. Problem was, I ordered a bathroom lavatory faucet. This took forever and cost a small fortune for me to run it all over to find a pickup site for UPS. However, that's not my complaint here. All I want to know is if I was ever credited for it? If so, then why can't I find it anywhere? Should be simple. It may be for most, but it's giving me trouble in a life where time is precious lately.
The timing of the charges and credits seems to be random when it shows on the statement. Their customer service reps seem to be scared to say anything except &#34;pay your bill as presented&#34; right or wrong
I don't like this card at all. Have been waiting for a payment that I made to be posted. Now a day over the deadline and has net been posted. I am certainly going to cancel out.More difficulty getting payment posted in a reasonable time. Made a payment online  March 25th, ten days later and my payment wasn't posted. I have no clue what their problem is posting payments, ten days is certainly enough time. I had cancelled my store card account and trying to make my balance payment. I cancelled that payment out for March 25th and finally made my payment on the phone. Today is April 6th. Can't wait to see how long it takes to get the payment posted. I will certainly come back and let you know. I have nothing against Amazon but this G.E. whatever, should be let go and someone else should be allowed to finance the store card. Good luck to all of you who continue to use this card. As far as I'm concerned, the problems aren't worth it.I should also mention, I lost my card once. I called in and reported it. They said they would send me a replacement card with a new number. When I received my new card it had the same number on it. Couldn't get into my account because I didn't have the new number. Called in again and they gave me the new number on the phone and also sent me the new card with correct number on it. Then when I went to my account, lo and behold, they had the old number instead. What??????
I am a responsible card holder and I understand the terms and I understand the internet.  However, this Amazon website is either having trouble with allowing you to email customer service (my inbox, outbox and send new message buttons simply don't work, but every other button does work.)  or more likely, Amazon doesn't want card holders emailing customer service.  Each time, I have to call to reallocate my payment to the most recent expiring promotion instead of spreading against all promotions.  DUH!  Why on earth would anyone want to allocate a payment against a purchase expiring in 6 months instead of a purchase expiring in 1 month -duh, duh, duh!  I have tried calling and twice I got inexperienced people who have know idea what reallocating a payment is and tell me you can't do that.  I say to &#34;speak to your supervisor&#34; and sure enough, they come back and ask what I want reallocated.  However, I've been cut off once and once the person simply didn't do it.  There is no way right now to email my reallocation request, and heaven forbid, Amazon would allow a card holder to reallocate the account payment on line on the website.  That would just be too easy and would allow too many people to avoid the accrued interest charges.  Amazon makes this as difficult as possible to accomplish and once I have paid off my promotional purchases, I will be closing this account for good.  I have other cards I can use with 0% interest - no problem.
It was a great card.  I have always paid over the minimum, always was great.  Suddenly, just as my promotion interest free charge ran out, bam my credit line decreased just enough to put me over with interest.  Soooo, I will definitely be cancelling this card.  Its unacceptable as I have paid Amazon a bunch of money using this card and loved it but I wont be taken advantage of either. Your lose Amazon.
I have always loved Amazon.Com, I can always find what I need and get better than expected. But trying to make a payment is the awful experience of a lifetime. After forever I finally was able to make a payment and here at day 4 its still not been posted so that Amazon knows its been paid.
I was set up with paperless statements.Now I cant see recent activity very troubling. I have changed to paper statements so maybe this will help.GE web site is never operating effectivly
It's like any other store credit type card I suppose. I didn't like that it switched to the default payment without notifying me and I ran it right up. Also having no way to recover your password (which I do not even recall setting, nor registering my account) via email is ridiculous.
I signed up for this card on a promotion, and it was nice to receive that. However, it has been a problem since then. My amazon account automatically defers to it when it comes to payment for items in my cart, and I have to go through the process of choosing a different method of payment. Today I went online to check on the credit for an item purchased and returned just over three months ago. It took forever for each screen to load, and then when I finally got to the page I needed, I was "told" they only have the past three billing statements available online, and I have to request and wait for a paper copy! This card is not worth the hassle.
I missed one payment due to my own personal oversight.  I went camping for a few days and left my phone at home.  THEY CALLED MY CELL PHONE 38 TIMES IN TWO DAYS!!!!  They didn't leave ANY voicemails, so all I had was some strange 1-800 number on my caller ID with no idea of who they were or what they wanted.  If you are having issus with being able to speak with a live person... just miss a payment and they will be sure to blow up your phone!!
This is the only account I have where I cannot use an aggregator to keep track. Extremely annoying that they won't work with Mint or USAA.
I recently ordered things from amazon, out of the five items i purchased only two of them was ok, replacing them was an ordeal which i don't want to go through again. This is not what amazon used to be. The credit department has not corrected an error I brought to their notice after three times.This is giving me reason to thick twice concerning amazon and Gecapital
With a tidy sum in my cart, Amazon offered to let me have it with 12 months interest free. My credit limit was enough to more than cover my purchases, and being hesitant, I gave it a try, hoping to not have a repeat from before.Right off the bat I noticed that only part of my purchases were approved. Upon asking their customer service I was informed that my credit limit had been reduced (without informing me) but that I could request an increase. That being done I went ahead and submitted the rest of my purchases.One of the problems from before was that GE had a problem connecting with my bank for my recurring payments. I kept getting late fees and interest charges tacked on to which phone calls were made to complain. I always got my fees back, but it was just a real negative experience.So, I called customer service again to make sure there wouldn't be any more issues. They informed me that my recurring payments should go through, but wouldn't start until the second month and I needed to submit a one-time payment to cover that first month. OK, I did that and scheduled it early enough to make sure they could actually connect with my bank without incurring those fees. But when my statement arrived, it had a note that stated my recurring payments would in fact begin with the first month. Had I not noticed that I would have had a double payment withdrawn, something I would not have been expecting nor prepared for. Not only that, but I saw that the purchased approved first were given the 12 months interest free, but the next ones, just one day later, were put on only 6 months.So, I called customer service AGAIN to find out why the changes. The guy I talked to first was nice enough, but it was a situation that required a manager to deal with. So, the first of MANY periods of being on hold began.The lady that came on had a problem really understanding my problem, and my frustration began to grow. Her attitude as the conversation progressed totally turned me off and I demanded to talk to another manager. On hold again. The next lady was much more interactive and seemed to understand my problems, and though she needed to put me on hold several more times while she checked into the situation, I was informed that there shouldn't be any problem connecting with my bank, I could just cancel my  one-time payment because the recurring payments should handle it, and all of my purchases would be given the 12 months interest free. I decided that instead of just cancelling it I would give it a $10 test amount and not wait until the payment due date that would have incurred those fees if there were any glitches.One more issue though - I had tried to do all of this through the message center but the 'send new message' button didn't (and still doesn't) work. I would have much preferred doing all of this my text - sometimes speaking with 'Habeeb' doesn't work out well. I think this customer service IS in the US, because the problem manager did have a southern accent. Probably would be tough for someone in the Philippines or India to handle that.Like another reviewer suggested, make sure your recurring payments handle the entire amount easily before the end of the interest free period - 25.99% would be an awful sting.
I got my card with an Amazing 6mos @ 0% APR. Big deal there, Right? Well, I was just looking to strengthen my credit score as I pay for almost everything in cash so I would buy my stuff on Amazon, as opposed to eBay, rack up the bill and pay it off each period. I did this during the introductory period no problem but because the &#34;new great rate&#34; is like 26.99%, I don't really use the card. I forget my billing cycle was on the 10th and paid one month on the 12th. You think I'd get even a little courtesy leeway? Nope. So then the next month they gracefully (no communications) tack on a $25.00 late fee on my $0 balance. OK, fair enough, so I pay that on the due date and it's credited. The next month I start getting early morning calls stating they have an &#34;Emergency to discuss&#34;. Turns out, even though the $25 was credited to my balance ON TIME, they still billed me BOTH $1.50 interest minimum and an other $25.00 late fee - this was there EMERGENCY. So...I get bill collection calls everyday until Friday talking about my &#34;delinquency&#34; and blah blah blah. Friday, 2 weeks before the bills even due,I paid the $26.50 so I'm back to $0 and really can't wait to see what's on my bill next month and what other &#34;Emergencies&#34; they have in store for me. Yeah, I'll probably cancel this card. I don't have time to babysit my accounts.And as a side note, when you make a payment, they'll apply it to your balance but not actually withdraw the money for a few more days so that it looks like they took the money out of your bank account already but when they finally decide they want to collect it - it better be there! Warning to the wise, there's too many games being played here to consider this an equitable and fair agreement.
I've been doing business with Amazon for a long time.  I don't want to think about all the money I've spent.  Never an interest charge.  UP TILL NOW!  I almost always pay the total balance.  For the first time I've been charged $3.73 interest on $25.00.  My account alone is not significant but if you multiply a few dollars times thousands of customers it amounts to a lot more profit for G.E.  This is probably the first time that I've been unhappy with Amazon.  Don't push your luck.
You need to have a clear direct link under the Amazon account settings. Seems like we have to play around to find where to make a payment.
I am fairly new to Amazon having only made one purchase. I came back to make another and I was offered the opportunity to obtain a store card.  I filled out the form and was asked for my store card number.I have to get one before I can tell you the number.
OK so amazon convinced me to sign up for 0% for six months but never received a card or any info. Went to the joining link and GE wont even list there phone number on their site.  Very bad. So I tried to register and couldn't since I didn't get the card or any account information. Little over two week pass and still no credit card. So I called Amazon tonight and asked for the GE phone number. The lady was pleasant and give me the number and transferred me to GE. Over ten minutes  waiting over the phone and finally a lady answered and so I told her I needed to pay on my bill and I haven't received my card. The lady seemed like she was barley speaking English and had the nerve to ask me to speak up.  After having to scream my information over the phone I was told they don't even send you a card but a welcome letter. So I finally got into my account and I'm Glad I did because I had to make a payment in 4 days. AS soon as I pay off I prob wait along time to use again. And Why does GE hound me about paperless statement. IF I TOLD THEM I WANT MY STATEMENTS- DON'T KEEP ASKING ME IF ITS OK TO STOP SENDING THEM!Another note: Chase Amazon is also a bad card. I had that one until I signed up for this one. Canceled it because I never received one offer from them.Final note :Amazon needs to pick a better lending agency for their credit cards.
I wish Amazon with it's vast wealth would hire more Full time workers and treat them like COSTCO and it's CEO be a real American instead another rich greedy CEO and stop offshoring its taxes in other countries and pay it's due instead of letting the rest of us subsidize Amazons CEO's wealth.The real leaches are the rich.
i tyhink that when someone makes a payment that it should go through on the day the payment was made ,not on the day that the payment is due on.its kind of a pain to have to wait till the payment due date to have the transaction go through
I send my double payment at least 2 weeks before it is due, and twice now, they have tried to charge me late fees. Keep an eye on that.....
They make it difficult to pay online so you have to call them so they can get that service fee...
Timeout due to inactivity is too short. (currently ~5 mins).Password field does not allow special chars and is too finicky.
These people are the hardest people to deal with ! I Paid to early and now I've got to make another payment in the same month! ,They said that there was nothing they could do when I asked them to credit that payment to my current balance ,even talked to a manager who would not do anything to fix this. It's funny in a way though because my mother had a qvc card which is also through G.E Capital and she had spent over $10.000 dollars over the last 6 years and around january thay penalized her for paying to early and we have been trying to get that straight since January , She paid off her card yesterday and told them that she would never deal with them again. G.E Capital you should work with your customers better because boy did you lose a great customer over some petty charge you would not remove from her bill. Has anybody ever heard off being charged a fee for paying too early!!!!!! Watch out these G.E Capital people will screw you. Me I've had my card alittle over a month and I will be ditching this card as soon as it's paid off.
The GE Card website doesn't load when you want it to....either it just needs work or there is something wrong with it. The last Amazon credit card I had was thru Chase bank and it was awesome. Not sure why Amazon did this, pretty big downgrade for them to save some money (probably)
The Amazon.com store card statement does NOT show a summary of what was purchased but only a bottom line. Any statement should have the detail associated with a purchase including discounts allowed, taxes etc.
1 starI keep getting emails that say my account is past due.  Whatever, it is not.  Initially I was very upset at myself for missing the deadline, but since it's a bunch of lies anyway I just do take the emails seriously.
I used this card to make a purchase. I never received a card, only a letter saying when my card comes in to register online to make payments. I got an email about a month later saying my statement was available and that I had a payment due on May 28. So I keep looking around for my card since I have nothing with the entire account number on it, shich I needed to register online. I tried to make another purchase and it said it was declined. So, I call them up and they finally give me my account number, they say my purchase was declined because I was late making a payment. They had already tacked on a $25 late fee and I was more than a little ticked off. The foreign lady I talked to said that she would remove the late fee if I would make a payment today, which I did. It's several hours later and I do not show the late fee credit, but I do show the credit for the payment. Don't know how this is going to end up, but I will report on it...They did remove the late fee. Now I guess I'll be OK if they don't revoke the 6 months no interest thing....
Ur automatic answering service leaves a lot to be desired. No option after CS option. Had to call back, go thru the same talk, then quickly ask for a representative. answer service doesn't understand &#34;Payment Problem&#34;. When a foreigner came on the line I immediately asked to speak to a person in the states. Got a Supv. Abby n she took care of my problems.  Get rid of OUTSOURCING, we don't like it.
Like many, I am not truly credit card savvy and took the offer/claim verbatim.1. Amazon made the Store Card my default method of payment. (I probably missed the 1pt grey type explaining this, but nevertheless I was unaware until my second bill.2. Payment for 0% special offers, and payment for regular purchases are split, but I have not figured out their math on this.3. Because other purchases were made, and the split payments were not applied as I thought, I had to make a larger payment than planned at the end of the 0% offer to ensure that I was not charged the interest.4. 22% Interest rate!!! I don't care how bad a person's credit rating is, this is just far too high especially in today's financial climate. These banks are getting insanely low credit rates from the Fed, but are they reflected in what they charge the customer?5. I'm going to transfer my balance, cancel the card, and shop locally and support my local community even if it means doing without, or waiting to get what I need.Jimme
I don't understand what the problem is. I used the card. Payed off the card with in 30 days now it's been well over a week they have taken my money and still it has not showed up on my statement.So I can't use the card.  When I called and asked why the foreigner said it could take 7 to 10 business for them to put it on my account. So I did the right thing and paid my bill in full and I get the middle finger. Is it because they didn't make any money in interest. Oh well. Could have bought a few more things I needed had to go else where and spend my money. Now it's a waiting game 8 days and counting.
I have not used my Amazon store card for purchases until recently.  I have paperless statements.  I did make a few purchases in late July and early August.  I do not recall ever receiving a statement.  When I logged onto my account, I discovered that my "due date" was past by a few days, (though I had not received a statement) and I was charged a late fee.  When I try to send an email message through the message center, the message will not send, stating that the system is having trouble retrieving my information, and it is also not possible for me to save this message as a draft.  This online communication system needs improving - not user friendly.
Could not find the link on the amazon.com web page to review and pay my bill.  I had to call customer service and ask for help.  The service rep could not find it either.  He told me to go to GEmoney.com/amazon.  After several trys I found the correct site.  I then had to wade through countless levels of security again, even though I had logged in with my Amazon account and password.  I had to recreate the password and answer several more security questions before I could access my account details.  Way too complicated for an on-line site!
Hello,I am having to change my password to my Amazon Card every time I sign on to make a payment which is every month, why is it so difficult to make a payment to the GE backed Amazon card?
My registration information is accurate but system does not recognize it - same problem by phone or online.  Received my first statement today and am astonished at the balance.  I need to talk with someone immediately.
One of my payment is missing from June 30 13 , and i keep writing to Amazon, and my letter keep on being returned.now I'm checking my balance, 20.00 is missing. I'm very  annoy.
I have had this account for a long time.  Last month in my statement I was charged a late fee.  I have never had a late payment made to you and always pay my account long before it is due.  Not too happy about this. You send out statements,but I never got one apparently....
I applied for the Amazon Card early in December and ran up a bill. I have never received the card or a statement and now I am warned that I missed the payment and will be billed an extra $35. Please check into this and see if you mailed to the wrong address. If you did not include my PO Box number on the address label the local Post Office files it in the waste bucket.  Janet I Livingstone, PO Box 2391, Waldport, Or. 97394
Card was fine at first but suddenly stopped receiving any form of statement, electronic or otherwise. Definitely seems like they want to charge late fees and anything else that comes with possibly forgetting when it is due. Won't be using it.
I was given the option on my Amazon Prime account to purchase an item and receive a 24 month no interest deal if I purchased the item on an Amazon.com Store Card.  I applied and was approved.  When I used the card to pay for my purchase I found out that my credit limit was $200 below the price of the item I wanted to purchase.  Now I had to call and ask for a bump to my credit line to make this whole thing worth it, and it was declined.  Now the have pinged my credit twice, and I still don't have the item I was trying to buy.  They did however charge the account for the extended warranty that went with the purchase I couldn't make...Fantastic!
like buying from amazon , but unhappy with billing , i requested a paper statement to be mailed to me ,not happened yet ,?why.
I FIND IT VERY DIFFICULT EACH TIME I TRY TO ACCESS MY ACCOUNT, MORE SO THAN WITH OTHER ACCOUNTS. AMAZON IS GREAT BUT THE STORE CARD IS A HEADACHE. CONTACT IS VERY HARD. I HAVE A CREDIT COMING OF $100 BUT IT DOES NOT SHOW UP IN MY ACCOUNT. HOW DOES ANYONE CONTACT THEM?  IT SHOULD NOT BE THIS HARD. I HAVE SEVERAL CREDIT ACCOUNTS AND NOT ONE IS THIS DIFFICULT TO DEAL WITH.
I make my payments online, but payments always sit as &#34;pending&#34; for several days before they post.  This is the only credit card I with which I have had this problem, but this one is consistent.
I'm still waiting for a single email notifying me of my paperless "statement available."  I get the account alerts that I set up, but have never received a statement notification.  I've contacted customer service and get the same response..."there is no problem on [their] end, and I should look in my junk folder." I design websites and I'm quite tech literate.  It's frustrating because I have to remember to check my account on the site at the end of each month and set up reminders in Quicken.  Paperless billing from GE Capital is not reliable.
Since we don't get an actual card, and I'm signed up for paperless statements, how am I supposed to confirm the number when making a purchase? I have no idea what the number is!
I have purchased many times from Amazon in recent years.  This is the first time I have ever had an Amazon credit card.  I have also had a GE Capital account on a different account that I have never had a problem with.  I decided to check out my recent  purchases on this Amazon account since I have not received any email regarding my balance.  I found it very difficult to navigate this website to find this balance.  I also have wondered why several of the books that I have ordered are taking so long to be delivered as they were originally printed many years ago.
This has been the worst experience I've had with GE credit card and the first time I have had to pay a late fee.  The process to make a payment is cumbersome and almost overwhelming.  I have tried on numerous occasions to pay and you have to start over, the system locks up ...it's just too much.  I've use GE with other accounts i.e., BOSE etc and never have experienced these problems.  I'll be so glad to pay it off and not have to use this Amazon/GE account again.
Thought it would be an easy process got my card the other day it is not plastic. but paper so was concerned it was not real. Today I placed an order for over $100. and did not see any other option but my debit card. So I continued with order thinking there would be a pop up at the end to enter my new card. I had to enter  another checking account number and so at this time I dont know if it a mistake or I really don't have an Amazon credit card. Frustrated.
It took me four try's to sign into the store cards site to view my account.  Someone needs to rewrite the program.  There so busy trying to get you to allow them to send e-mails to you, that they drop the info that you have already put in.
Have had this card a while but lately they have stop sending my statements and have been hit with late fees and interest. I deceided not to use this card anymore.
I've been a cash-pay person for decades, I went to make a major purchase and my lack of established credit hurt me. So, I decided to go with Amazon CC to &#34;re-establish credit&#34;. Although I've purchased many, many items from Amazon (And highly recommend you go &#34;Prime&#34; if you buy a lot), this *GE CRB Bank* (The CC Holder) is god-awful! I cannot say enough bad about GE CRB. Not only do you pay a high interest rate, THEY CHARGE YOU TO TALK TO A HUMAN!? They want you to pay using your checking account number?! They don't want to take a Debit Card without $10.00-$30.00 extra charges!? Tragic. I think being associated with a bush-league institution like this reflects poorly on Amazon. I'm considering putting balance on another CC *just to avoid these knuckleheads*! Bottom Line: Love Amazon but they're backing the wrong horse as &#34;bankers&#34;.
I constantly have to wait to get to manage my account and most times it indicates that the page is unavailable.  Since this has occurred several times, that is why I am writing.  Can you PLEASE fix this issue?
Justin the manager was so unbelievable rude to me I am so mad, he made it personal when I had a question about my account & was extremely flippant towards me. He is supposed to be a manager & acted like a teenager. There is no ease to paying off this card they hold your funds for SEVEN DAYS then they clear it. Get it together Amazon, find another company!
I have been a loyal customer of Amazon's for years.  I have always paid my bills in full and on time with no problems to Amazon.  The service from Amazon has been very good with no problems until the last few months.  In the last few months everytime I have paid my bill down by a couple hundred dollars my credit line has been lowered down to within about $2 of what's owed.  This has been done with no prior notice and I don't find out until I go to order something.  The sad thing is this past weekend I placed a $300 order which I paid for out of my checking account and because I forgot to order something I went in and tried to use my Amazon account to order something for $18.62.  I didn't find out until today that I had to change my method of payment because again with no prior notice Amazon lowered my credit line.  I don't appreciate having this done with no notice as to what's going on.  Amazon is going to lose loyal customers like me because they don't treat their customers with any loyalty or respect.
I am ok with my credit card.No problems with Amazon until I ran into a hiccup fanancially. I was trying to get back out of the hole and got everything back up to date. I was late and charged as expected. Don't appriciate the hurrassing calls when I told them I'm trying and it wasn't that late. Got Amazon back up to date and had a pretty good amount of credit on the card. Then I got a letter a couple of monthes later stating that after a review of my credit (not my account, my credit score) they have dropped my credit limit on the card down to just $5 above what I owe. So thank you so much GE Capital for making my debt to credit ratio look that much more awesome and my credit score going down even more. I didn't entend on getting it that close to the limit.
Like many, I accepted a no-interest offer and landed with the Store Card. The quality of this credit product when compared to others is plainly inferior. A company of Amazon's online savvy and financial resources should be able to pull off something like this. But instead, it appears that they've outsourced to the lowest common denominator - a low rent interface from a company that takes poorly communicated disclosures to new heights. Further, it appears that Amazon itself is keen on burying the store card where it's pretty easy to miss. I won't form any rash conclusions as to why that would be, perhaps more fish to fry, but like everything about this store card, Amazon could easily do so much better.I am keenly looking forward to ridding myself of this account when my payments are complete. Take the low interest rate for what it's worth and by all means run for the hills.
GE Capital (AKA GE Money Bank AKA GEMB) is one of the most capricious lenders you'll never want to deal with. Some years ago when my credit score was 580 they gave me, without my asking, an $800 credit line with Walmart. Yet when my credit score rose to 770 they cut my Paypal credit line from $300 to $100.After I had read many negative reviews about GE Capital on the Web, I suspected that GE was going to cancel my account, which would adversely affect my credit score, so I took the initiative and closed the account immediately "at the request of the consumer."I don't think it matters how much you earn or how high your credit score is, lenders like GE seem to act on a whim. It was much easier in the 1960s and 70s, when businesses carried their own accounts and you could actually visit a credit department and talk to a real human being.I subscribe to a monthly service that supplies me with a report from the three credit bureaus, and I watch those reports like a hawk. The Fair Credit Reporting Act has more holes than a colander, so caveat emptor and all that sort of rot.Good luck
First off, the card is actually fairly good and integrates very well with amazon as far as using it to buy things.The biggest issues for this card are pretty much all GE's side. The card itself is paper, making it look more like junk mail than an actual credit/bank card so make sure that if you do decide to get it that everyone in the house knows not to throw it out.  Your account number, for security reasons, will only be listed in full 2 places: 1. On the card itself 2. On your PAPER statements. This will not be listed in your regular amazon account, nor will it be listed in your e-statements, which is frankly a huge pain in the butt.The login system is incredibly idiotic! Your password can be a maximum of 15 characters and cannot include a special character, which left me with having to create a password I wasn't going to remember. No biggie, I'll just reset my password, or I would if my card wasn't thrown out and I was receiving paper statements; that's right, you can only reset your password if you know you're account number! Understandable since this is basically a credit card, but then on top of that getting connected to customer support by phone (the ONLY option, no e-mail or online support at all!!!)is harder than it should be and they are not open on Saturday or Sunday of course or even past 3 on Friday which is incredibly unhelpful when you need to login to resolve something on a Friday evening since you'll have to wait 3 days before you can do anything.If Amazon wants to do this right they need to make sure either GE is handling THEIR customers right, or make it all handled by amazon directly (which of course won't happen unless amazon creates a credit company first).
So then why does it take forever for payments to process? If something is due on the 15th, and I pay it on time, whether it is 5 minutes before, a day before, or 3 days before, or a week before, it is still on time. It should be processed immediately and know that a payment was processed instantly. There shouldn't be late fees for paying on time, even if they supposedly get waived right away. It all done in the same system there should be a trigger saying it is paid.
This card was great until I saw that they have fees on top of interest.  They charge me more that $30 a month to have this card and the minimum payment is $35.00.  I requested a lower interest rate and they never responded.  This is crazy!!  If they lower the interest rate just a little bit, it would be way better!
I never received a card in the mail.  I do not know my account number and have not been able to find in once I log into my account.  I tried once to change my password and could not because I did not know my account number, which is apparently the number on the front of the card.  This has been very frustrating.I also made a payment (paid off my balance) in the middle of December and it did not come out of my bank until recently.  This was a little disconcerting and came out of my bank at a bad time.Could I please get a card, or some kind of document of the account number.Thank you.JB
I have given permission for my bank to do an electronic bill payment and it takes longer for my bank and GE bank to iron-out the payment, so I have late fees for that reason. So, form now on, I will send the payment in a lot earlier!!!!!
Am a new customer.  Are you going to send me a card?  Hard to rate a card if I don't have onel.
While it was nice to be able to but a big ticket item &#34;interest free,&#34; it was NOT nice to suddenly realize that all my &#34;one click&#34; purchases -- several hundred dollars, because I buy almost everything @amazon -- was AUTOMATICALLY charging to the amazon card!! I DID not request this, and so I wound up paying interest on stuff that I had intended to pay cash for.Then, as others have said -- it is a PAIN to find out how to pay online. Plus, once I found the page, I didn't have the right password. They need to  know your account number, and since this isn't a card I carry with me and I never have to type the number in, I didn't know the account number. I had put the little cardboard card they sent in a &#34;safe place&#34; - and then couldn't find it for a couple of days. (If you have a busy household, you know what I mean!)Also, I THOUGHT that I had signed up for auto pay - my bank routing number is in their system, and there is a &#34;billing date&#34; set up - but the March payment was NOT made. Now it's late, and I had to pay a TWENTY-FIVE DOLLAR late fee.NEVER AGAIN.
The thing that caught my attention (from a review) was an $18.00 monthly security fee.  What's that?  Also, too may negatives (one star) compared to postives (5 stars).  The only good news is that you can have paper statements; although even here the reviewers mention not getting a statement in time or statement not received at all.  I will payoff my small bill ($5.00 plus change)and then cancel.Update:  My statement about the $18.00 monthly fee was incorrect.  There is no monthly charge unless you're late with a payment and if so heaven help you.  My apologies to Amazon.  Apology given, there are still too many negative one star reviews.  I have given this service two (2) stars.
I wish it was easier to track my refunds and link my refunds to purchases. Perhaps there is a way to do this and I just kind find it.
OMG were do I start: first of all I have to jump through hoops  just to try to get to this site, then I try to sign up for your credit card applications so I can pay my credit card on mobile and you site tells me it wont let me  do that due to the fact my web browser or my device is not capable !;  Then when I call  customer service once again you get India which they do not understand a word of what you're saying.!!!  You really truly need to fix this problem asap. I really do like shopping on Amazon but really you need to let the customer know if there is an American base tech support.  I have nothing against the people of india, Its just they repeat everything I say and nothing is getting done....................................................... you can email me if you read this jerback@tx.rr.com
My paper statement tells me to go to "amazon.com/storecard" for information on going paperless. I didn't find the answer on that page.
Sorry, I've been an Amazon Prime member for a few years and will probably still be even with the fee increase because of the shipping cost and service. Certainly not because of the movies offered OR the interface with GE Capital bank.The bank interface iwith the Amazon store card is a problem and I have had numerous issues to get payment problems resolved. If I take advantage of a 0% intrest offer, I don't expect it to be difficult to get the paperwork and communication that I need to hold up my end of the bargin. However, that has not been the case with Amazon, or with Home Depot. Watch out where your payments get applied!JD
i paid $75 on my acct. but they never credited the payment.several small amazon purchases have been declined and shipment held up until I gave them a different card for payment.if they don't want me to use the card I wont I will pay off and close the acct.this is BS
I order products on Amazon all the time. This time when I went to order I got a notification telling me that according to the dollar amount i was ordering I qualified for financing and an icon to click. I clicked on it and was taken to my store card account. I log in and find out that I an NOT eligible for the 6, 12, or 24 month financing. I go back to check out and the same message is there saying that I qualify for financing. If I an NOT eligible, why is this message there? annoying!Thank you,John
YOU HAVE VERY RUDE REPS.  MY WIFE ANSWERED A CALL FROM THIS COMPANY WHEN WE FORGOT A PAYMENT AND FOUND THE REP TO BE VERY RUDE.  I HAVE EXPERIENCED THIS MYSELF.  THEY TREAT US LIKE DEAD-BEATS EVEN THOUGH WE PAY LARGE PAYMENTS EVERY MONTH REGULARLY TO KEEP OUR BALANCE LOW.
I made a payment on the 4th and now on the 11th is still has not made the adjustment.  The money was taken out of my bank account but not credited to the credit card.  I was going to purchase more christmas presents but because I paid the credit card I now am without funds anywhere.  Recommend you stay away.
Only good if you want to make a large purchase and pay it off before the zero interest promotion expires.  They set me up with an apr of almost 25%.  I made all my payments on time, and even with a balance of zero, and an excellent credit rating, they would not drop my apr to a more reasonable rate.  When I called the service I was told that 24.99 was the base rate.  LOL..  See ya.  thanks for the free loan.
Payment sent by ebill (bank) 3/4.  Delivered to GE 3/8.  Payment due 3/10.Was charged a late fee because they still do not show payment.  India said it takes 5 days after they receive it to post payment.  They did waive the late charge after I complained but good heavens, be sure to send payment like 3 weeks in advance if you use your banks Ebilling.
Almost impossible to get help about the account. I had a large purchase and have not been told over what period of time the payments are interest free. I have a bad feeling that they are going to assess me fees and interest that I do not know about. I will not be using this card again. GE is always difficult to deal with. I called for help and, naturally, got someone whose first language was not English and was in a hurry to get me off the line. The information he gave me was incorrect, and I had to call three more times.Jon Booker
I do bill pay thru them and its terrible, they try to post that night when i get paid on the same day.They charge you for missing a payment and then over draw your account, Middle of the month payments are not working for me. I have requested a different Due date but Have not recieved word. Terrible customer service, Get charged to get help.
I like the idea of the Amazon Store Card, but you can't add others to your store card account (so I can't set my wife up for purchasing using the store card). If I recall correctly, I'm also unable to add the store card for Authorized Buyer use either (a feature Amazon provides for authorizing other Amazon accounts to use your account's purchasing methods).The management interface for the Amazon Store Card is poorly built/managed (it's a GECRB card, which is typically poorly done). If you make a payment online, it takes ~7 business days before the funds become available on the account. I find that paying via my bank's Bill Pay service is faster, but still takes several days for funds to show up as available, despite GECRB registering that it received payment.For comparison, I can make a payment on my Barclay card, payment will post within 24 hours, and funds will be available in 24-48 hours. I've never seen the Amazon Store Card make funds available sooner than 3-4 days, typically much closer to 5-7 business days.Due to the lack of convenience, I don't recommend this card. I have no opinion regarding the financial aspects of the card otherwise (interest rates, etc).
I thought it was great at first but I've never been late on my bill (even though you are never sent reminders) I was one day late my last statement and was charged $25. Ridiculous. Please start sending reminders.
You show two different credit limits and I want to ask a question as to why and how much do I actually have to spend. I send you the message and then you say you will answer within 48 hours. Well I guess if I want slow service and even slower answers to my questions this is the place to come. However if I would like a quick response so I can make a determination on what to or not to purchase I will need to chose a different on line store since you are like taking a slow boat to China.
I made a payment in full for my purchase. I received a confirmation saying it was successful but then find out weeks later that it didn't go through. Phone call #1 was made to find out why. They said it was returned due to a bank routing # problem. They waived the late fee. Next I see a $1.50 balance for interest because the first payment wasn't made on time. Phone call #2 cleared that up. I'll leave it for now but I feel that I will be closing this account pretty soon.
EDIT: Another big drawback, regarding the poor online interface: I had to dispute a charge, and it can't be done online. You have physically print out and mail in a dispute form. This is the year 2013 and this is the Amazon.com Store Card... ridiculous.Pros:Good financing deals (six months no interest on orders over $150, 12 months on orders over $600)Cons:Very high normal interest rateWeb user interface is lacking features & obtuse (for example, password reset is hidden inside 'look up my User ID' for some reason)
This is such an inconvenience to have to mail or use a check.  if I would have know this I would have never accepted the card. please update your services, or weather you care or not I will pay my card off and cancel my card.  Its to inconvenient for me. thanks
I HAVE A TRANSACTION LISTED FOR 03/06/2014 FOR 11.65YET MY BALANCE IS 12.70 - WHY?PAYMENT DUE ON O3/20/2014. WILL THE CURRENT BAL OF 12.70 BETAKEN OUT OF MY BANK ACCOUNT - THE INFO WHICH YOU HAVE,WHITAKER BANK *******8734 0R DO I NEED TO MAKE A PAYMENT EACH MONTHAS ONE OF YOUR REPRESENTATIVE TOLD ME. I MOST CONFUSED.PLEASE CONTACT ME @ FRAZIER916@ROADRUNNER.COMI AM CONCERNED SINCE I WAS RECENTLY CHARGED AN OVER DUE FEE. THISSHOULD NOT BE IF MY BALANCE IS DRAWN FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT.
I use an iPad.  When I type in my user ID, the site says they don't recognize me.  I'm told to go to the full site but I can't find the full site.  What is Amazon's problem with iPad users.  If you don't want to make your site IPad friendly, your are going to lose customers.  We have to pay our bills too!  I don't have a problem buying from an iPad .  Please get you IT department on this problem NOW!!
This card has a VERY VERY HIGH INTEREST. Be careful how you use it. The balance can sneak up on you
Site is confusing If this company can't  handle the simple task of statements by mail WHY WOULD I TRUST IT WITH MY ACCOUNT INFORMATIONThe site is not configured to pay by debit card This is insane I just checked My payment day was yesterday and no sign of a bill
It has been an interesting journey with this amazon.com store card. As the title indicates, what s difference a year truly makes. The allure of a marketplace that has all of the products that you can ever want was complimented perfectly with an electronic payment means that allowed for the completion of said products from the computer screen to the mailbox. GE, like clockwork, increased the purchasers buying power semi-annually. Somewhere along the line the interest rate got to the point that it swallowed up much of my available credit, and that coveted timeliness of GE's credit increases screeched to a halt! GE is in the business to make money, I got that. As a consumer who is ontime with all of my payments, I have already agreed to pay GE for the benefit of having a tab. Because of this breach of partnership, I'm no longer interested in using the card for purchases. I have since made all of my christmas purchases using my bank account directly. Once my amazon.com card is paid off, I will remove it from my payment options. I am contemplating the idea of completely closing this account out. Business is business and I recognize that GE no longer values mine!
Very disappointed. There's no summary of your purchases. It only takes your payment, it is not user friendly. Will be closing this card if it continues no stay this way.
I will pay this card off and never use it again customer service people and so call manager are very rude. They just lost a customer and I will be letting all my friends know.
First of all it's difficult to even find a link to make a payment from the Amazon site.  There should be a link under 'manage my account' that is easy to find without having to search all over the page.  Then, when I did finally find the link there was a $35.00 late fee on my account.  The minimum payment was $35.00.  Last month I made an $80.00 payment.  That's more than one payment, so if anything I am ahead on payments.  A late fee is understandable if I was behind on payments, but a late fee because of a calander date is sneaky and dishonest.  There should be no late fee.  Then, when you try to call the toll free number for customer service all you get is an answering system.  It's impossible to find a real person to talk to.  It is nice to have the card to make larger purchases and make payments over time, but customer service is lacking, and you really have to watch the calander.
Please have agents that understand and can speak English. Also can we just get to a customer service agent and not have to go through the hideous voice prompts that don't work and take way too long.
This account has been frustrating to me for as long as I've had it.  I finally added the link to the payment center to my favorites, as you can't get directly to your Amazon.com store card account from your Amazon account.  This is something Amazon should fix.  Secondly, setting up recurring, automatic payments is virtually impossible; the process is not obvious or easily found on the store card sight.  These two difficulties together leave me feeling like Amazon actually WANTS you to miss payments so that they can charge you late fees and bump you from promotional interest deferrals, rather than aiming to provide excellent customer service to loyal customers.  I may close this account once I've paid off my balance.
i received an email that i will be charged a late fee of $35.00 on my account and i put in my payment on May 28-29 to be paid on June 10th which is my scheduled date, when you call the automated system it tells you they have received your payment, but still says i an being charged a late payment, that it takes 48 hours to post my payment, which is absuletly wrong, every thing is electronic now and it is automaticly taken out of my account right away, and i should not have a late fee charged or associated with my account, so i am very disapointed and will pay my card off and will not use it again in the future.
every time i tried to get a credit line increase , they denied , and i just want to purchase something else, always on time on my payments , always pay more than what they ask
It's as tricky as the devil.....watch out......they prey on the weak and vulnerable. And with Epilepsy, that's just what I am.
This credit was used as a back up credit source for my current credit cards.  I had one month where I missed a payment and when I logged in to make a payment I discovered my mistake.  I discovered that amazon had locked my account so I called in to make the payment. The call went smooth enough and we discussed that I missed a payment but I still wanted to pay off my balance so they re-opened my account and I paid the 300 balance off and just assumed (because they didn't tell me anything would change) that my account was in good standing again.  Fast forward a month, I log in and discover that my account limit had been reduced to 100. Without notice.  Only after I called in did they explain that because I missed the payment did they reduce it.  Lovely.  So I'm not too happy with this little store card...
I have been faithfully paying my bill every month, on time, more than the minimum payment for about two years now. I was expecting to increase my balance to allow me to make a large purchase in the near future.  However, I just went to check my balance to see where I stood and my credit limit mysteriously had been reduced by $200.00.  I didn't get any notification, it just was gone.  I really don't understand this policy, why it happened and why a credit card company would arbitrarily decide to lower ones limit when there was no reason to do so.  I'm not a very happy customer anymore!
I have a great amount of credit available yet I can not use my card to make any purchases. I think it may be time to walk away from amazon....frustrated!!!
I have been a customer of Amazon quite some time. I accidently did not make a full payment, how this happened I do not honestly know. I do own up to that. The total due was $45.00. I got numerous, I mean NUMEROUS phone calls requesting full amount of $133.00 (the past due amount and this month full payment)the last phone I call I got was on 3-19th and 3-20th)  before the due date of the 28th March. What I can't understand is being a long term customer, no problem in the past with payment-- why the harrassment with $45.00 and requesting the full amount before actual due date. I am very upset with this. As you can tell with my records I have taken care of it, I was and am tempted to pay it off and cancel my account. I still can't believe the harrassment I received over this.
It is impossible to get someone on the phone and if you send them an online message, Good luck getting that response back even with Google chrome. I love amazon but lack of real people to communicate will be the reason I close this account.
I requested a new card, and the changed the account number.  I have been trying to put the new number on the &#34;payment&#34; page and delete the old account number.  Their instructions were totally wrong.  I still can't do it.  OPne good thing, I just paid the account off. Maybe this is a sign to stop using them!
Needless to say that when I changed my email address with amazon credit/GE they did not send me a bill.Some may say that I should know when it is due but just like others I have a life to attend to also.I was late but I always check my email and never delete my emails until the bill is paid.. so for two days of being latedue to them not sending me a bill I get charged 25 dollars.  I will get it paid off soon and pretty much will never charge anything unless I know I can pay it off in one payment.  Live and learn I guess.
I have used my card 2 times to purchase items off amazon, both items I had to return, 1 didn't fit other item the quality was not that great.  In between these 2 returns I had a payment due, so I made my payment - but after return of both items I should have had a credit on my account; no one I talked to at credit card department could understand this.  Simple Bought 2 things, made a payment, returned 2 things, giving me a credit.  Doesn't seem hard to understand.  Not sure if I will use card again for my next purchase.Also make sure your payments show as a payment not a debit.........  review your statements very closely!
I am writing about the website. It is extremely hard to find the place to click on to pay on my account. Other than that...I am VERY happy with Amazon and my purchases.
I always pay my credit card bills on time, but I have to know when they are due!  I received neither an email statement nor a snail mail statement for this account.  Luckily I happened to think of it, but it was 3 days after the due date.  Why was I not informed of this?  Their account alerts page says that account holders are automatically notified of upcoming due dates.  Not true.
I have to reset my password every time I try to go online to make a payment and I never get an e mail that it is due on a certain date. Just had my husband pass away and am having a rough time of it.  Thank you
I have a card because I got it by email on my computor.  I do not have the card so I dont have an account # to applly to this.  Can you send me this card?  If not how do I get my acct #?
just extremely inconvenient to find out the balance, etc.  I would think a 100% online company, such as Amazon, would be much better sorted out than this.
The use and payment of this card is pretty easy. I just want to say that if you get behind on a bill, which we all do from time to time, GE will call you on a daily basis and threaten to withdraw the money from your bank account. I proceeded to tell them they would not make a transaction without my authorization. They finally stopped calling me and I made my payment when I had the funds to do so.
first of all their accounting of orders and available credit to my account.i had paid 186.00 which was xtra n gave me a credit balance of 186.66 but yet it says my available credit is 325.00 of a 400.00 credit line.their message system doesn't work when I try to see inbox or outbox messages,n also try to send them a message.the coercion between the two companies is lacking in response time n accurate changes to my acct.i ordered things 5 days ago n still hasn't changed my credit balance.whats the deal with accounting?paypal is so much easier n better to use n ive talked with many that have stopped buying from amazon because of their experiences with the store card.hope it gets better.
Sad to say I was not happy I was 1 day late with payment and was charged $25.00 Plus I don't like using the checking account routing #I have stopped using the store card.  Galen
Amazon simply charged my account as not paid on time and never warned me of the error. Since then I have never missed a payment; and rather, I have often paid early, and sometimes over the required amount. Amazon will not take that 18 month old justifiable error off my account . When the credit bureaus look they just see list it as a missed payment. My account is now over 18 months old with no bad info. What does it take to remove this erroneous information?
I find this service is not worth the trouble it takes to keep up with it.  I have not received any type of email alerts to let me know my due date to pay is coming up so that I can make the payment before I get a late charge.  This has happened several times to me.  I know its my responsibility to remember to pay it on time, BUT my other credit cards and regular bills always send me an email telling me if an auto payment was made or just a friendly reminder that the due date is approaching.  It was difficult to find the link to make the payments.  I wrote everything down and had to refer to this each time I had to make a payment.  The link is way at the bottom of the page, some place you would never expect it to be.  You'd think they would put a very visiable link somewhere at the top of the page.  Im going to close this account out and go back to the way I was purchasing from Amazon.  This store card needs improvement before I woule ever consider getting it again.
The card itself is fine.  It's the GE involvement on the payment processing and the pathetic 7 days (or longer!!!) turnaround between the time the payment clears my bank and shows up on the card management site.  Today is the 13th and I posted a payment of over $500.00 on the 9th...it showed up as posted on the 10th....I still can't buy anything because amazon is saying I don't have the credit.  It usually takes GE about 10 days to get the payment credited.  Come on guys!  This is the 21st century!  An individual with a phone and credit card app can do better than that!!!  Hope Amazon isn't paying you losers too much money!
I recently bought electronic products and signed up for a 12 month interest free account. I pay more than the monthly minimum and on time. There is no interest but there is an added fee every month. I have sent 2 requests for an explanation but never received an answer. I stopped using the card. I am considering transferring the balance to a credit card that offers free interest for 12 months on transfers.
Horrible payment system. Help FAQs are not sorted well, I can only assume it's in an attempt to make the user frustrated so they give up. #money.
Very easy to make a purchase. I always have a very hard time tring to find where to go on the Amazon site so I can pay my store card. Once i got to the payment area logging in is difficult, and they make you change password every little bit. Probably took about 45 minutes to get it paid this month.
Customers need to be able to pay their bill online with a credit or debit card. There should not be an additional charge for this.
the amazoncard portion of the amazon website is difficult to navigate. (i have a chase amazon card also and the website for that is also not user friendly but the amazon card portion of amazon.com is worse than that other site)the "secure image" selections was comical.i made my first payment and waited for a confirmation number for several minutes and it finally timed out. i had to log back in and go to online payment history to get my info.they could take some lessons from discovercard.com. that site leads you directly to where you need to be. (sounds like im a charge queen huh?)
My original review is below, but it seems it was only temporary. A month later, after paying my account up in full (nearly $2k limit), my limit dropped to $100. I was shocked, but assumed it was some trial run to make sure that I didn't miss anymore payments and that my account would be restored to the original limit after a few months or so. I made sure to use the card and carry a small balance just to show that I still wanted to used the card, but nope. After making the mistake of not carrying a balance one month, they closed my account. DO NOT GET THIS CARD. GE MONEY BANK IS A JOKE. Their representatives lie and they only care about the money. Don't ever miss one payment if you're unfortunate enough to have this card.___________I had extenuating circumstances which prevented my bill from being paid for two months. I returned to fix everything. I ended up calling to speak with a really nice representative who helped me get my account reinstated. It was wonderful. Great customer service, reliable credit increases, and the rates aren't that bad if you're responsible.
If you read their privacy policy, it is bad.  You can opt out of a small portion of the bad.  Please do.  If Amazon wasn't offering 4% back, there is no way on earth I 'd do business with GE CRB.  That said, they do so I will put up with them for the Amazon benefit.  If you can't/don't pay your bill off each month, run far away from this credit card.
I have purchased several items, including two Kindles, and had no difficulties getting exactly what I ordered, getting it in a timely manner and paying a fair price. Of course, if you pay the total off quickly you will pay much less. No penalty for paying early.My only complaint was finding the web page to go to in order to pay on my bill. Finally started using my brain and put it on my "favorites" list.
We have used our Amazon account for an increased amount of purchases from everyday items at home, to business items for a store we own, as well as gifts.  We have done this because of the deferred interest options you have offered.  We had always been able to avoid the finance charges by calculating what payment needed to be made for deferred interest purchase coming due plus the minimum payment listed on the statement.  Up until recently that has worked fine and we have not been charged any finance charges.  The past 3 months however that has not worked and we have accrued a lot of finance charges.  My wife called customer service to try to understand what has changed and she was unable to get any solid explanation.
Why bother with this card?  Most cards will not incure interest if paid within the month and have better customer service.  Read the contract very carefully before using this credit.  There are many hidden fees, if you have to speak with a customer representative, it will charge you 15$.  There automated phone system works but lacks any consistancy.  It has a very poor voice automated response program.  You can not go to just hitting numbers on the phone either, it still mixes both voice and punching keys. Overall I see no major plus to this card, I would look for better.  Most cards also include fraud protection as well.  Just be careful with this card from GE.
Extremely convenient to use with one-click but the credit fees are rather steep, especially the late fees. As others have said here, buy something and pay it off quick and don't be late. I just posted a payment of $25 but because my payment was one day late I got hit with a $25 late fee. What a rip. I can tell you that once the holidays are over I am paying this blasted thing off and will probably let this card languish unused. Switch my charges for Amazon to a regular credit card that is more reasonable.
I spent 30 minutes trying to figure out how to download QIF or QFX info to import into Quicken. According to the FAQ you go the statement and download from there. Not possible. I called the bank and had to go thru 2 people to find someone I could actually understand and was told the info was, in fact, incorrect and that you CANNOT download info to Quicken. Maybe GE could join the 20th century as far as usability.
I have been a loyal Amazon customer for years, but it is really disappointing when Amazon won't cooperate with Mint.com to make it MUCH easier to facilitate the tracking of my Amazon account. PLEASE Amazon correct this serious issue with Mint.com!
Nowhere on the STATEMENT is listed the amount I need to PAYOFF to avoid the Finance Charge on Regular interest bearing purchases.One must add up the amounts owed on the Long Term Payoffs and subtract from the current balance.AND ADD a few dollars more because the interest is added onto daily.Sure, just payoff your balance every month and you will not have these problems.