Must open a $5 account before application can be started.Terms for this card have changed.  The point bonuses are gone.  Points can no longer be redeemed via Visa cash cards. Check the direct site.
Updated review 7/24, look all the way down-------------------------------------------------Horrible service on Amazon's part. Discover was a more honest and trustful though.So after three months, I finally got the gift card. It is a VERY long story. I had a similar situation as the first reviewer, so long story short, Amazon does not fulfill their end of the promotion with Discover and totally ignores Discover's request to send out the gift card. I then had enough of these games, and I e-mailed Amazon (while being very frustrated) for the 16th time and demanded that they give me the $50 virtually. It worked (finally) and I received a $50 promotional certificate.I don't recommend applying for this card for the $50. If you will be, then here are the requirements that they forgot to add onto the page...- You "SHOULD" get the $50 after the first billing cycle, not immediately after your first purchase (though you still have to purchase merchandise/use the card)- Expect to wait AT LEAST a month before you get that card (taking the billing cycle into consideration)- The gift card is in the form of a CODE typed on a letter.- The card delivery takes about a week, and three weeks at maximum. If you haven't received it then, you should contact Discover.- Discover requests the gift card code from Amazon. It is then typed up on a letter and delivered (supposedly) via First Class Mail- A lot of patience. Both for waiting and dealing with Amazon's customer service.I had to send multiple e-mails (maybe 15?) to Amazon. I waited three months to post a review, and here I am.(7/24) UPDATE: I just got the letter yesterday with the $50 gift card. I'll be honest, I'm not even sure anymore when I was supposed to receive the card, but considering the time-frame between July 7 (the original review date) and July 23 (yesterday), it is a little more than two weeks. Either there was a very long wait line for mail, something happened while the mail was being delivered, or 'they' decided to re-mail it. Oh, and it wasn't in the form of a physical gift card like Discover said, it was a code (I changed it above). But just giving an update here as I don't want to taint Amazon's name that much since they still provide quality merchandise with very nice prices. I also changed it to three stars since I'm not as aggravated as I was (and updated a few things above)
I really like Amazon, and when offered a discount for signing up for this visa, couldn't pass it up.  Interest rate is high, so are most "store" credit cards.  This visa can be used anywhere, so that's good.  Just gotta be carefull with credit cards.
It's a credit card what can I say? I only use credit cards when I have to or I get a special discount.  then I pay it off as soon as possible!
I like the convenience of using this card but the interest rate (18.24%) is way too high and out of line with my other credit cards. Therefore I use this card only for Amazon purchases. I would use this card more often if the interest rate was below 10%.
I havent had the card long enough to make a decision. I know my credit score is fairly decent, but the interest on this thing is still high reguardless. I use it sparingly.
It doesn't come with the best interest rate however, love the ability to take the point credits at check out.
My son just loves his new scooter so light weight and easy to handle. We received this item as promised with out any problem
This is a decent credit card. But I feel like no matter how much I spend, I don't see many rewards from it at all.
It's nice to have a &#34;card&#34; online where I don't have to know the #, but how do I know it won't be hacked & someone can order stuff and I get charged?????
The card is great to use on Amazon. We had been building up our points, intended to use them for travel rewards, but Chase changed the reward interface about a year back. Now you have to call in, with location, hotel, car, etc...all planned in advance, to have a travel counselor apply your points to locations. I called in to ask if I could find out which airlines were eligible to use my points on. They couldn't tell me. I asked how the points converted to dollars or airline miles, the rep told me, but said it changes so often, that she couldn't post or send me the conversion info. Chase really needs to make the travel redemption a lot simpler, or at least tell you the vendors where you can redeem the points so travelers can look around a little before planning a trip. It has the appearance that they intend to make it difficult for you to use the points on travel. Mission accomplished, Chase.For points purchasing on Amazon, this card works really well. For simple cash/payment/gift card redemption, this card is fine. They just need to get their travel act together.
Good for amazon. Great deal. Be sure to make a paymeny and keep up when it's due. Cause the first letter or mail you will get will be a late payment.
The product was to complicated for my father to use. It was quite challenging to get alarms set for morning pills and evening pills to be taken.  Once we finally got the alarms set-up my father tried and wasn't comfortable with it and wouldn't use it.
Interest rate is WAY TOO HIGH. I will pay this off ASAP and then I will CANCEL it as soon as possible.
It's okay. Tried to pay online and could not make it work. Also do not like that I cannot use my debit to pay the bill.
Terribly high interest rate but I guess they have to make up for the rewards somehow. I was disappointed and will be canceling mine.
What can I say, your card interest rate is to high, I am thinking about closing the account ...I await your answer.
I have not yet activated this card and do not intend to activate it unless some emergency arises that requires more funds than I have available.
This card gave me a limit far higher than that I desired, and it processes the a late fee on the day the payment is due. Absolutely no grace period, not even an hour. I have yet to redeem points credit, but I foresee that being a way it will pay off.
Interest is a bit too high on this credit card, there are lower ones out there.  Won't be using it either much or not at all.
Interest rate is way too high I use other cards with lower rate. The card is convenient if you pay in full each time you purchase.
I like the convenience of a credit card, however 35 dollar late charge is too high, bill due on 7th paid on 9th , plus I actually changed the billing date to be 5 days earlier that came back and bite me on the a#%%. also when calling the number on the card, it would be nice to talk to someone with a pulse without having to go through so many menus. I love amazon, but think the reason our economy nose-dived is because of predatory practices by financial  institutions like this one.
I do not see anything special about this credit card compared to the ones I already own.  It's more convenient to use when making an Amazon purchase, but still haven't figured out how to apply the free shipping.
I love the benefit of using the card online, on Amazon.com especially.  It works well and the rewards are shown on your account page so you can use the reward money to pay for orders.  That's great! For that reason I will keep using my card.The problem is with Chase.com.  I pay the majority of my bills online.  Most banks have websites that are user friendly.  The website at Chase.com is sketchy... by that I mean that you can't just go to it and find your monthly statement.  You aren't notified of the payment amount when an automatic payment is made.  This makes balancing your checkbook a nightmare.  I finally switched from online paperless statements to paper ones in the mail.  I'm hoping that I'll be able to find an amount being subtracted from my checking account on the paper bill.  I've been frustrated about this since getting the card and signing up for online billing and automatic payments.It would be great if you could pay the bill with a bill-paying site like mycheckfree.com.  But, with Chase, that's not an option.  You have to deal with their website. So, if you want to pay online, I'd suggest trying to decipher the website information, or do what I did:  Get paper statements and pay online.  It's the best of both worlds with Chase.
Getting to the right website to pay the bill is tricky.  There should be a link from Amazon or even Chase.Sometimes I cannot get the website to type into Chrome.  Yipes!  I found a link from Amazon to Chase.  How did that happen???I got to the right site and the logon page.  BOOKMARKED!I only use this card for Amazon purchases and pay it off each month.  So, I have had no problems using it or getting credit for my points at checkout.You can also have an alternative card input to your account and change how you wish to pay at checkout.
This is a pretty neat card available through Amazon and backed by Visa.  It was very easy to sign up for, you know Amazon is going to make that portion very easy, the card came quickly in the mail (however I can't say that I have ever actually used the card physically only for online purchases at this point), and the features are easy to understand.  You gain Amazon points on each purchase you make than can be applied toward any Amazon purchase you make, regardless if you use the Amazon card to make the purchase you use the points toward or not.  You have complete access to your card's features online, including online pay, etc., and the card is backed by Visa, so you know its secure, yada, yada, yada.My only real complaint with the card is the APR.  I have better than average credit and several other cards with much, much, much lower APR.  I won't get into specifics, but I have other comparable cards with 5-9% lower APR.  They may not have the points accumulated for Amazon, but what I save on payments I could easily purchase more things from Amazon.  So my suggestion, be a smart consumer and do the math before you click purchase.  Some purchases are very well worth it, others not at all.
I like the card, but believe the interest rate is set too high. I also wish it were a little more versatile. In other words, the rewards need to give you more incentive when using it or deciding between it and a different card.
what can i say  it's  a credit card . got it because it gave me 50 off first purchase pay it off on time and there is no interest
I'm not sure if this is the fault of Amazon.com or Chase bank, but there is no detailed description of the rewards points you've earned, you're only told how many. Without a list of where your points are applied from, it makes it hard to check the accuracy. Also, points can take days or weeks to actually show on your account even though the actual transaction has been posted or even paid for. Capital One is much better at support for rewards points. Their system allows you to see how many points and at what rate you earned them for every transaction.
Good credit card, instant decision on credit however APR is to high.Its automatically added to your account and set to your default billing method. Which is something I believe should be opted in on, not decided for me.
INTREST TO HIGH TO USE THIS CARD FOR SERIOUS SPENDING.  IT IS NICE TO HAVE THE CONVINANCE OF FAST PROSSESING OF PURCHES, THAT ABOUT ALL.
I think it is a Amazon.com Rewards Visa is high interest but convenient card. It is easy and safe to use when I order items on Amazon. The interest rate is too high though. I think the rate should be lowered after six months.SincerelyBurmma L. Hardy
Reviewing a credit card is like reviewing toilet paper. Both have purposeful uses, but if you overextend them you can get in trouble.  What's more to be said about it?  The color (blue) is better than neon orange, but other than that it is pretty much just a credit card that's the same size and shape as any other.  As for interest rates, pay the balance off (good advice overall) and it doesn't matter.  If you can't afford to pay off the balance, a good option is not to buy the product.  Hope this helps.
the card is great it would be better if it was not connected with chase bank as they are the worst bank around
They were gifts. I guess he liked them as a gift because he always asks for them as a gift..
I got it for the discount.  I don't use it otherwise because I have a Visa  card with lower apr.
well I got it because the intrest was cheaper two months went up to over 14 just go back to cabels
I don't know exactly why you want me to &#34;review&#34; your Amazon credit card.  It is a Visa credit card from Chase Bank and I got the card because you had a $20 or $30 dollars off a product I wanted to buy.  That discount made the purchase a better deal than paying the full price.  Another point is that the &#34;rewards&#34; earned by buying Amazon products is a little better than using another credit card, but the fact remains that the Amazon credit card is just that - a credit card.
THE REWARDS VISA IS A OKAY CARD FOR YOUR PURCHASING ITEMS. IT IS REALLY LIKE ALL THE OTHER CARDS..IF YOU USE THIS CARD MAKE SURE YOU PAY THE BALANCE EACH MONTH.
Nice convenience, but no real rewards offered. An added bouns would be more frequent credit increases. I have several GE cards and always receive increases, but have yet to any from Chase.
don't really need. thinking of closing it down, I have an other card that uses points for flying, That card is more useful
I buy from Amazon frequently- not just books but other items as well. I have an Amazon store card which I use every month but rarely carry a balance on and finally decided to take a look at the Visa card last week. I spent the last year or so rebuilding my credit after years of neglecting it. I was instantly approved for the card so I qualified for the $50 gift card (by the way, if you're only applying for this card for the free $50 in Amazon purchases, they'll get that money back from you in fees or interest charges if you carry a balance) but I was surprised by the credit limit they allowed me. I felt it was extremely high considering my income. My credit limit between my Amazon store card and my Amazon Visa card alone equal about a fourth of my yearly income. About a week after I was approved, I received the card in the mail and here are a couple of things I looked for. 1) My interest rate is incredibly high, although I'm not surprised given my unremarkable credit history, 2) I was relieved to find there were no hidden/surprise initial charges on my first statement, 3) Half of my credit limit is available to me in cash. This seems like a lot and would cost me so much money if I didn't know better than to not withdraw cash on this credit card. 4) It was very easy for me to set up online access to this credit account. I'd read some negative reviews about this card but my experience was as expected- I did receive the card promptly and there were no surprises or unexpected charges or terms of agreement. But I did have to take the time, as everyone should, to go over the terms of agreement carefully and understand them.The points offered by the card are not significant in my opinion and I will never use this card for the purpose of racking up Amazon points. Depending on your interest rate and whether you pay your balance every month, any money you save in points "earned" will be easily spent in interest charges.Obviously, credit cards are issued to make money for the issuer, not the consumer. Some of them offer incentives and benefits that, despite the price of the credit you're buying, make the card attractive to consumer. For me, the benefits of using this card are not worth what I would pay to use the card. I'll use it, but only if I can pay my balance off within the month without straining my overall budget.
Ive never reviewed a credit card beforethe good part of this card is you can use you points against the next purchase.You can pay online or get your statement in the mail*** When buying from Amazon.com and you get the "your cart is eligible for financing offer" make sure to use the correct amazon store card because there are at least three different cards amazon uses, and it is messed up to owe interest that you didnt expect...
I was on a road trip and had to buy tires which set off a fraud alert on my card.  Despite calling customer service, I could not use the card the rest of the trip.  When I returned home, I also found out they rejected several of my regular monthly charges (e.g. cable bill).  Contacted Amazon, and they said "Not our problem."  Contacted the credit card company and they were pretty snotty about rectifying the problems they created.
Its the same as any other credit card, the initial lack of interest being charged is nice. But you can still find yourself buried in debt and the whole rewards program is set up to draw you into that. If you need a credit card: take it or leave it
When i was offered an Amazon Visa card i was happy because i thought it would make my purchases on Amazon easier.Well, it does do that, but even though i have an EXCELLENT credit score i was given a limit of $400.Did i need this credit? NO.My chief complaint is that because i applied for this card, my credit score dropped 50 points.Was it worth it?No.So beware!
It's okay for gaining points towards more books but the interest rate is not really the best for much more than that.
I don't feel this is necessary.  I have not activated my card and do not intend to.  I plan on destroying the card.
Having use of the card is very convenient.  I would use the card more if the interest rate were lower.
i generally find it more trouble than it's worth to pick up store-specific credit card offers.  you save a little but its generally not worth the hassle.  because i have been buying a LOT of stuff on amazon over the last few years, i decided to go with this card.  i don't even bother to carry the card in my wallet, but i have it set up on my amazon.com account as the default.  so i get 3% back on all my stuff bought from amazon.  no &#34;miles&#34; or funny-money &#34;points&#34; to figure out - the refund simply shows up as an available credit that can can apply to (almost) any amazon order.  simple.  good.something i wish were better:  since this is *THE* amazon credit card, it would be nice if the credit card statement contained little &#34;details&#34; such as *what* the charge is for - at least the order # or better still a summary of the items ordered.  instead each and every item on my amazon statement looks identical with the merchant name and transaction description appearing as &#34;Amazon.com AMZN.COM/BILL WA&#34; which in addition to not being useful is not even an efficient use of the ~40 characters they had to work with, nor is it even intelligible.to further drive me nuts, if you are really a heavy amazon buyer like i am, there are numerous cases where the totals on the orders that show up in your order summary on the amazon website don't correspond to the charges on your statement.  in some cases there are multiple orders combined in a single charge in other cases vice versa.  also the order date and the charge date can in some cases be quite far apart (as with subscribe and save purchases), so in general it can take a lot of searching to find the items associated with a line on the statement.  this can make the process of reconciling the statement a maddening experience.it's disappointing because amazon has all the data available to make it work better AND they already offer lots of useful reports and summaries of your purchase history.  i mean - what other merchant lets you go back and review purchases from 1998!?  on the other hand, they can't show me a simple list of payments i've made to them with the associated orders and dates.
My bank rates are much lower than my Amazon card. Would love to use it if the price (or incentive) were there!
I like the card and the fact that it is Amazon. I've had no problems with this card to date.
i don't use it that often but when i do, its effective and easy to use.  i like rewards program.
need higher credit limit but other than that i like it really like shopping amazon great prices always have found what i was looking for
It's great if you purchase products online. I only use it on big purchases for books for school thru out the year
Admittedly, the only reason for getting this credit card was to save some bucks on one particular order. Otherwise, its just another credit card, certainly no better than many. many others, and not as good as some others. It would have been really nice if Amazon had offered a really different and innovative credit card.
I most typically use the Amazon Rewards Visa Card when I am considering making a purchase through Amazon for a gift.
It could be good, if you use it.  Since I have not been using it much - what can I say!
rewards are ok, wish they had a better point value. maybe free 2 day shipping like prime card,maybe discounts if you use this card  10% off etc
It is a credit card and seems to be like one.  Easy to use.  If you need one get one.
haven't used it yet ,don't  plan on using  it, only got it because I got a big discount on my order
I got this card mistakenly thinking I could use the points for Kindle purchases,this was not clearly explained. I solve this by exchanging my points for cash,using the cash to buy Amazon gift cards,which I have to go to the store for. I wonder why the Amazon card is not offered for the reward points? Other than that,I am satisfied with this card.
the reward card was wonderful, and it is hook to Pay Pal, and for what ever reason now, and I have tried to get this cleared up with pay pal, but they do not seem to care.  I am unable to buy anything with my Pay Pal account.  Now I have to go with Bill Me Later.  and that works also.  I have spend 3 days, and a couple of hours per day to get my account fix.  But Pay Pal will not response back.
I am a fan of Amazon and got some great buys on these items and will keep going here for more great deals
The card is easy to use on the site However it has been very hard to set up online payments. The people I have to deal with were rude and disrespectful.
The card itself and the rewards are fine. Figuring out where to pay the bill and using the rewards are a different matter. Even finding information about the card by way of Amazon.com is nearly impossible without a paper bill on hand.
Was very happy with this card.  Accidentally went over limit but caught myself and paid the entire card off right away.  Needless to say I got a negative on my credit report so I have not used it since.
I got the card because I had no other credit card and occasionally wanted to charge something and wanted to keep an active credit rating. I pay the balance every month. For those who don't, I think the interest rate I quite high.I think Amazon should ask if you want it for your default payment option on Amazon. I did not. I usually pay with a debit card and did not appreciate having the charge card placed as my default option without asking me if that was what I preferred. I have since deleted it and reinstated my debit card. Otherwise, the card is a credit card and works fine and I have had no problems with it.
I have used this card for a few months and like it.  It can be used anywhere that you shop, beside on Amazon.  I really didn't want anymore cards, but this one has been helpful.
Not sure if it's the amazon restrictions or the bank but.......  This is a replacement card for my previous rewards card.  I'm have had it for a number of months and I'm not getting my rewards.  Plus a number of Amazon charges will not authorize.  I would complain but have yet to find a customer service that will address this issue.Without the rewards (and the hassel)  its just another credit card
I would like to be able to set up future payments for an amount more than the mim. & less than the full balance.
i do enjoy getting dollars to spend at amazon.i have to say all other credit card rewards programs i've tried are usually a chore for me to utilize.this amazon one is easy.i do not care for chase bank or the relatively high interest rate.if you carry a balance you are paying dearly for your "rewards".overall it's a decent card if you don't carry a balance.
Although I Do business Thru Chase frequently I dont use the "amazon.com rewards" card very often. It is nice to know that it is there for an emergency but the interest rate is too high for me to use it on a regular basis.1. Chase...........Good2. Interest Rate...Bad
very convenient card, 1 click buying on amazon....but the interest rate is crazy high.....pay it off fast to save on the interest.
It's probably nice to have this for the minor savings and benefits, but there's not enough to make me want to use it.
I like this card because I use Amazon for a lot of things, so it's nice to be collecting points on things I would buy normally. Unfortunately it doesn't offer quite as many benefits as some other cards, and I may ultimately switch out for an airline miles card. I just wish the points-to-purchase ratio was higher.
I like having and using my amazon rewards card.  It is easy to use when I order online and all my info is there.  I just have the card for a few month and so far no complains over here.
i do not really need an insurance plan. it was not helpful to purchase, a waste of money. the guitar is safe for the next two years
I have been very happy with my Rewards Visa Card until I was ready to make a fairly large purchase and wanted to check my balance to see how much was left. To my surprise there was a fraudulent charge for over $200 on my card. My card has never been out of the house and never used on any site other than Amazon! Thank goodness after more than a week I was issued a new card. The fraudulent charges were also transferred to the new card though. Finally after a few more days the charges were removed from my card. Now I'm almost afraid to use the card again and check it daily to make sure there aren't any charges on it that I didn't make!
It's a credit card.It charges a vast amount of interest.There are amazon rewards, which give you a couple of bucks off.Otherwise, meh.The best part was getting $50 off the first time I used it, but that wore off quickly.
No better than all the rest of the cards available today Rewards for using card no better than the other cards I have seen
I use this card as my only credit card. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't offer as much cash back as discover.
I am new to the Amazon Visa card and so far so good! I look forward to see how the rewards program works for me.
The card itself is fine but the credit limit relative to other cards I have is extremely low especially considering I pay most cards off and have a low card debt ratio.
other than getting order shiped to me {twice} all worked fine just plug and play windows-7.seems a bit flimsy. also had pop up on internet expl  warning on adobe flash playey wich would not go away. other than that seems to work.Esky Portable Slim External USB DVDROM DVDRW Burner Writer Optical Drive For Laptop Netbook Notebook PC
Have to accummulate 2000 points in order to redeem cash back.  Can you add statement credit type of options for any amount of point accummulation?
I think I am getting 22% rate on this card which is really high and compares to the Capital One cards but with the amazon rewards and stuff it's ok.
I only wish Chase/Amazon would offer bonus points for other things, more than the limited amount they offer now. Since this is a fairly new card, I'm assuming they'll build upon the advice and experience.
I haven't used any of the reward points yet.ive maxed it out and paid it off twice but apparently haven't spent it correctly because I don't have a whole lot of rewards to show...
Would like a listing of what I had purchased so I can keep track of what has been purchased the past month-all items
It is a credit card, providing rewards on Amazon.  It works, so what else can I say? It has a pretty blue color, would fit nicely in my wallet. It becomes the default card on Amazon.  So, there you are.
This is not an instant decision offer as it appears. In my case, they showed up a message after taking my info - saying decision will take 30 days, even with my good credit score and existing chase card with good limit. This clearly defeats the purpose of this credit card offer claiming to give instant $50 GC, when decision can't be made instantly. I would have gone for Discover offer instead which gives $75 GC after first purchase, had I known that this offer takes time.# Update: Just after few mins of submitting this review, I got email saying my card is approved and I also got $50 GC. So its all good now, even though it said 30 days, I got mine within minutes.
It is OK, I do shop on Amazon.com so it offers credit points on certain purchases. I do not use the streaming video available.  I am also thinking that the yearly fee for this card may not be worth it.
I got this card for the discounts on amazon but the apr is way to high I don't own a credit card over 9% so I will only be using this card when I can pay off the balance each month to avoid the high interest rate
it is convenient when purchasing on amazon to accumulate rewards points. I like how it asks if I would like to apply the points when i am purchasing because i forget that i have them. i love shopping on amazonI do not like how high the APR is. I would use more often for groceries, gas, etc if my interest rate was lower.
It's OK but as others have stated beware.  I've never dealt with a banking card that has been so mute about payments.  You can argue about being responsible but when you go into your account and ask for notifications of payment due dates and get nothing even with all settings correct, somethings fishy.
IT IS AN OKAY CARD BUT AFTER USING I HAVE NOT FOUND IT ANY BETTER THAN ANY OTHER CREDIT CARD.
Paid my bill off and got the next month statement that said that I owed interest.  Called customer service and they took off the interest.  It was a small amount, but if bill paid off, why charge interest if there is a zero balance
Well,I guess that I would have had  to have used it before giving it a truer rating.Having said this,if the card had not met my initial requirements,I wouldn't have signed up for it. Stay tuned.
This is the first new credit card I've gotten in over ten years. I live with someone that has had a Chase credit card for several years already. Within the past three years she has had hundreds of calls from English is their second language people with &#34;urgent&#34; &#34;important&#34; &#34;final&#34; phone calls from every state in the country. They say they will lower your interest rates, implying more than one card. They hang up when you try to find out which credit card they are calling about, what company they work for (credit svcs or card svcs). If they're calling me about one of MY credit cards they should have all my info already. Credit card companies as far as I know tell you up front just in case you don't realize it, that they will never call you and fish for account information. That's like an understood subject in grammar.We find this truly offensive.I can only assume they want personal information from me. When I have the time and whimsical mood I question them until they hang up.Simple deductive reasoning leads me to believe that Chase is involved with this. I started receiving these same calls within weeks of opening this Chase-Amazon card that I otherwise enjoy.Chase tactfully did not deny or admit involvement in this when I contacted them. I doubt I'm wrong but if I am I apologize to you Chase, but your ambivalence towards my repeated attempts to get you to answer my question IS your answer.`nuff said!!
Consumer convenient especially if you have the funds to pay your bill in-full each month. It's what I refer to as a &#34;carry card&#34;, which reminds me I can carry it in my wallet and use it anywhere, but I best not. I &#34;try&#34; to tuck it away and use it only for amazon.com purchases. My &#34;logic&#34; is: If I use it exclusively @amazon.com (with restraint) the shipping and interest charges will balance out to the gas I would use driving around looking in brick & mortar stores. High interest rate so, like any credit card, BEWARE!
I think this is very helpful and I enjoy receiving as many discounts as  possible , this us a wo Sergio method for customers to a bro e awards
The card is great! I wish it came with a free gift when you sign up. I love the colors it but I wish they had more variety of colors especially for ladies. The sign up is easy and simple and the card came right away.Very useful to use on amazon.
I like it but I only used this card for amazon.so I can pay off every month...because high interest rate..thank you
Got the card to get a discount on purchases.  My everyday card has a better rate.  I can track all or my Amazon purchases in one place.
I received this card after I purchased something from Amazon.com. I received a promotion to get the card. I ordered one more thing and haven't ordered from Amazon again. I may use it 2014 Christmas again.
i got it just to get the initial discount. Since this review format requires me to write a bit more, i write abit more.
Its a bit of a pain to try and pay this card. If I didn't go onto the forums I would never have received an initial paper statement with my balance and thus probably got stuck with late fees. But luckily I found the information in time.
I cant stand credit cards and dont have any,because i dont like them if this card had flight miles with it.I would get it as i love shopping at amazon,and love the fact you can buy second hand stuff cheaper.flight miles would make this card perfect.ALOHA,KAREN WILLIAMS.
I love that it's always there and that they gave me $50 credit just for signing up.  I don't like that you have to have a minimum number of points to use them and that they can only be used toward a purchase when you USE the card to pay.
The Amazon card is just another Chase sponsored credit card with a higher rate than my other Chase cards. My biggest issue with the Amazon card is that there should be more detail on the credit card as to which Amazon purchase is on the card. The only identifying item on the bill says "AMZN COM/BILL" This description was for two purchases. The billing should show each purchase separately. If there is no advantage to using the card, I may just drop the card.
However although paid on time everytime they refuse to increase my limit from 400. So its almost worthless to me
With excellent credit you should get better interest rates. Not happening with Amazon Rewards Visa. Looking for different card. I dont need rewards. Better interest rates out weighs the rewards.
Still haven't figured out why some Amazon purchases are not eligible to redeem points and there seems to be a wait period for earned points to show up.  I had to wait about a month when I first signed up for points to show up.  I asked Amazon, but they referred me to the card company.
Its and okay credit card. I have not noticed any features that set it apart from any other card. I would like a larger credit limit. I would make it my primary card to use. I don't use any credit card regularly.
Applied for Rewards card for that $50 off 1st purchase and points and got a pop up stating it was being reviewed by Chase, and that process could take up to 30 days. I thought, OK, that makes sense, it must be what they do (DID NOT continue with purchase, of course, because I wanted that $50 off and was willing to wait for the card to come). I figured I'd see something in my email the next day, since I already have good credit with Chase, but I didn't check my email for nearly 2 weeks because a family member went into hospital the next day. When I finally remembered that I'd applied and had yet to see a card in my mail, I checked my email and, yeah, nothing from either Amazon or Chase... WTH?! Chatted Amazon; they said contact banking institute. I called Chase up and they said, Well, you already have two card accounts with us. I said, Yeah, accounts I rarely use anymore (i.e. no balance on them for several months). I want a card that I will actually use regularly that will give me rewards and take $50 my 1st purchase (hello?!). She was all, Well.... I said, OK, if it's going to be this much of a hassle, I'll just get what I want on debit and maybe cancel a couple Chase cards while I'm at it. Then suddenly it was all, No, no, no, we can do it, in fact we're doing it right now! We're SO SORRY it took this long to get to your application. (Whatever. I'M ALREADY ONE OF THEIR CUSTOMERS! Seriously, that doesn't warrant a bit more courtesy?) Apparently I'll receive my card within 5 to 7 business days, and then I'll purchase my new Kindle... although there appears to be conflicting reports in these comments regarding the use (or non-use) of Rewards with Kindles and e-books. Hoping non-use rumors are not true!
the $75 membership charge or whatever it was threw me off.. this should have been on the application, didnt really appreciate it that all of a sudden i was being charge for it.
So far it is serving my purpose.  I have not seen a difference between this card than my other cards.
I accidentally got this card, but I have been using it. The big downside is that there is a high interest rate right off the bat and a relatively low limit (in my case). If you use the card a lot and especially at the places where points are doubled then it can be nice to have a few extra dollars to put toward your amazon purchases. It's good as a supplemental credit card, but not a great choice for your main one.
What can you say, it's  a credit card. It's nice to have one that will give you points to use on Amazon however a card with a $500 limit is fairly useless to use every day. I always pay my bill in full every month and have an excellent credit rating so a $500 limit surprised me considering other cards I use have a $10,000 + limit.
it does not have much difference than the visa cards i got anywhere else.  i got it because it had a promotion at the time.now i just use as a default payment method for all my amazonpurchases.
Not sure if it is worth the hassel of remembering to pay for another cc. Doesn't have an annual fee which is great!
I have yet to find out how to USE the reward points I accumulate.  I have tried going online and typing in my question, but I do not get much direction or help.  Is there some way Amazon could make this easier to understand and use?
I was told I would get a $20.00 gift card if I signed on for a card, I never saw any money.. Still shop here, even tho they didn't live up to the promise, but a lot of others don't either..
Rewards are not that great and making payments on this card?! I have to change my password EVERY time I log on.
I have not had the card long and have not accumulated many reward points. It is to me a regular credit card...
The card was easy to use but the return policy leaves much to be desired.I have cancelled my card because Amazon would not help with a return I had; I had to pay the price of the item and when I returned it, I had to pay the return postage (which was pricey) plus I had to pay a restocking fee.  When I e-mailed the vendor for a refund on my item, the vendor completely ignored my e-mail.  Will not use Amazon again.
I appreciate the opportunity to build rewards quickly for purchases made on Amazon.  My only complaint is that both online and written offers were for 14.99 percent and it ended up being 19.99.  Since I pay it off monthly, I won't incur the interest charges, but I don't like the bait and switch.
Interest rate still to high for what you get.I thought I would always get free shipping or some better perks.Its not as great as I thought it should be for the type of customer I am.
This card would be great...5 stars...EXCEPT for the charging of foreign exchange fees.  It's a Visa...so naturally it's accepted all over the world...but look out for the fees!
I am not sure the card is new for me and I like being able to use with my amazon account.
It gives you points for purchases and outside of that it really is just another credit card. I have only had the card about 4 months but it is primarily for Amazon purchases only. I don't have much else to say about it at this time.
This product was offered, and as I frequenly use Amazon I thought it would make life easier. I have an excellent credir rating. This purveyor did not send me reasonable notice that the bill was due the first month (last month). Now I know when it comes, so I can watch for it. First hint that bill was due was to tell me it was late! VERY distressing, as my credit is very important to me.
I was ordering Christmas gifts when I seen you could get a discount & free shipping .So I applied for the card. I like it better than any of my others so I'm going to close some I don't like. I would recommendThis card to family and friends.
In theory card is good, get points to use on Amazon. I like amazon and highly recommend it as a source for online purchases. My lack of 5 stars is that I felt kind of scammed when applied for card. They advertised getting a card for purchased $300 plus and get 0% financing for 5 or 6 months. Which was what I wanted when make a tablet purchase. So applied for that card upon getting my first statement, I then became aware that I got some other card. I was highly upset, just moving forward. But want to forwarn others to beware when applying and make sure you are approved for card you want not just what they give you.
I signed up for this credit card thinking it would "reward" a lot better than it did.  The points to spending ratio is so small.  If I would have know that, I would have found a different card with better rewards.
only c/o is the interest rate is too high when you  do not pay off the balance compare to other cards in the marketplace
The Visa statement only shows purchase amounts, not the specific purchase. This can be annoying because some purchases are in similar amounts. I ask, "Are you billing me for the shoes or the towels?" I would like the date of purchase, the item description and the amount without shipping.
I got the card because it would save me something like $25 dollars on a purchase I was making.  Then the bill came out really quickly, less than a week later, and was only delivered electronically.  I didn't see it (it looked like spam) and wasn't expecting it.  I got hit with a late fee that was more than what I had saved on the purchase.
Why don't I have a real card in my possession? It's fine just for use on Amazon. Is it you don't want me to use it for anything else?
This book was informative, had some diagrams and plans you could order. Although it just was not what I thought it was suppose to be. Thank You
Everything I read including e=mails indicated rewards that I have not seen yet. When I put in for it did not even recognize me thus I wasn't credited. No I don't like and that is why I've not come back to make purchases.
The rewards for approved purchases are unbeatable at 3%, but plenty bought on Amazon doesn't qualify.The APR and missed payment terms are pretty darned harsh and unforgiving. You either pay this thing off every month or it turns into a debt machine. Read the T&Cs.;If you can handle a credit card responsibly this is a pretty good way to go.
I have the Amazon visa and use it exclusively for my purchases on Amazon.com.  I don't think the rewards are that great and I find it difficult to navigate Chase's site a little.  The costs for items purchased aren't outlined very well.  I have to cross check my statement against my Amazon account to verify what it is I've purchased for the month.  I haven't used my rewards points yet, but they don't make it easy to access those either.  You have to tell your Chase account that you want to use them, they're not automatically available at checkout from Amazon.
I try not to use it very much because of it's HIGH INTEREST Rate...  Should I use it, I do not extent out the payments for expensive Items because of paying too much money in Interest.  However It is a good Card to have as a Backup in emergencies, & is accepted where ever Visa is accepted...
Just signed up for this card when I was checking out on an order. It said I could get $50 off this purchase so I went through the signup form expecting to get $50 off. I didn't. It seems that it may take up to 30 days to be reviewed and receive the card. I'm assuming Amazon will credit me with $50 to use on future purchases. I hope so. Just be aware that you probably won't get $50 off today.UPDATE:I was turned down for the credit card and now feel really ripped off because I was expecting $50 off on my order as the site said, but now find out I would not get $50 off at all. I would not have bought as much had I known there was no money off. I feel that Amazon should at least add something like "50 dollars off - IF APPROVED AND IT MAKE TAKE A WEEK TO FIND OUT".
I purchase a lot of items from Amazon, and I thought switching from an Alaska Airlines Visa to the Amazon Rewards Visa as my primary card would be better. However, the rewards points that you get back from your purchases isn't a whole lot better. Another disappointment is their interest rate. I have excellent credit and my interest is 14%. I don't plan on using this card much longer, as other rewards credit cards have better deals.
The card is pretty good.  I like the fact that you get prime.  I like the free 2nd day shipping (though you really paid for it didn't you?).  I do think the points could be a little better.  I've seen other cards that are free that give better points (cash back).  But, of course, they do not give you 2nd day shipping and instant video.  Though, instant video is not all that great.  It interface for it is horrible.  As a software guy myself who specializes in video, that interface really needs some work!  The one from Netflix is a little better.  Overall though, the card is pretty good.  It has it's strengths and it's weaknesses.
good to have if paying total monthly.  no yearly fees  makes it handy to have and could offset the rate the rather high int. rate.
The credit card is about the same as others. The credit limit is substantially lower than my other cards that I have had. It was interest free for six month and I accrued points toward future purchases. I believe the interest rate to be to high also.
For one i shop alot on Amazon and with the rewards Amazon credit card its nice to gain rewards to use towards your next purchase.
Easy to access and use website to check on balances and payment due. Easy to make a payment online at website. Paperless statements and email alerts for payment due work well and arrive consistently in inbox. Easy to move around the website and see your activity for the month. Year end statement is available for tax purposes. The rewards part I have not used very much.  I would like the APR to be lower.
I received no information about the  Rewards of the  Amazon  Visa Card, is there points, for use????  I use the card because of my Kindle Fire.
Its a good card, easy to use and I like racking up the points.But the interest rate is a bit high and your can't do balance transfers.  Also since its a Chase card, it would be nice to be able to use the Blue print feature to work on paying if off quicker.
It's nice to get the reward points on the card. I use it already so it's nice to get something back. The problem is that I don't think the reward points are calculated accurately. That is pretty disappointing considering I'm using my card more then usual so I can get points.
I have not as yet read these titles, as I am endeavoring to read as many books on my shelf as possible!
No different from too many others.  The more words I type the less happy I am about this Visa card
Although grateful for allowing me to qualify for the card, theannual interest rate is WAY TOO HIGH and I do not usethe card like I normally would because of that fact.
Have never used this card, but may try it after I see rates. I have had good business dealings with Amazon.com  . Well pleased with them.
I originally got the older HS20EXR.  It was a good camera, but the cycle time for a picture was a little slow.  For my main use, 8 continuous frames, the cycle was prohibitively slow-  15 seconds to be ready for the next shot.  That's an eternity when trying to follow a fast paced game.Both cameras have similar picuture quality, tho' the HS30 is supposed to be slightly better but it would probably take a photo lab to see.Overall, the HS30 is more responsive, less than 1 sec to startup, single shots(without preview) go about as fast as you can press the shutter release, 8 med jpegs taken using the EXR setting save in ~3.5 sec.  8 large jpegs taken in Ap mode take about 4.5 sec.The HS30 is just more responsive and better suits my needs for action shots.  Otherwise they have pretty much identical features.Please don't quibble about picture quality. These cameras take good quality snapshots, have a long, useful zoom, and with some practice and reading of the manual can be very flexible.  I'm not trying to produce 20x15 blowups of wedding pictures.
Meh, it's ok. Nothing special. Chase could help with a vast improvement of their website, too. Others are better. It's ok.
I have always been a big fan of Amazon. When I saw they offered  rewards for the Amazon credit card I applied and received a credit card with a lower limit than my other credit card.  Since I knew I would be charging a lot, I put  my other Credit Card also.( I was starting a business). It was nothing but confusion and just about every charge had was denied.  I had to go to my account and manually change the charge to the card with the higher limit.  I had to do that for almost every charge.  It was so ridiculous since I already had the other card listed.(I pay my card in full every month )It got to be so much trouble until I just removed the Amazon card and have had no more denied charges. They need a system that will use the back up card automatically.I still don't use the Amazon card, but I still love Amazon.  They are very service oriented.
Annual card rate too expensive as I can get a lot of cards with no annual fee. An you have just increased it!! Bad move!!
It helps when you are paying something from them, the interest is high, need to pay it off each month.
This is good but though we apply specific to Amazon but still less points offered for the money what we spend.
So far, I have had no problems.  I waiting to receive my first statement.  Upon receipt, I will post further reviews.
no complaints what so ever about amazon credit card. could sometimes use a higher limit but for bigger or more expensive items but every card decides whether you can bear the debt level . but there are times you wish it was allowed. but over all can not say any thing negative.
Low credit limit compared to what I get from other cards and no zero interest time periods for large purchases. It's just ok.
this credit card is good for shopping in amazon but charges high interest so be careful in over using it.  it should have lower interest because it is being used already at the same place, it is like you being hit twice, made profit by buying from them then charging you more...
I was offered a $50.00 credit toward purchase at checkout if I applied for the card. Did the applicationand was told that it will take 30 days to review. (?) I know my credit rating or earning status is notan issue.Now I'm trying to figure out how to stop the application as it seems to me that I will get the card butno $50.Amended review - received the card and gift credit one day late. Must admit I overreacted when the "qualifyin 60 seconds" didn't work. Changed the review from one to three stars and will update after using the card.
At first I loved the card even though it was a bit difficult to get my on-line payments set up. however I recently went on a trip and was not able to use my card at all. It is probably a security measure but I was unhappy to have to jump through hoops to use the card so I opted not to use it. I thought however that I could use when ordering on Amazon. Again my card was denied. I know my payments are current. That is why the 3 star rating. Too bad
LOVE AMAZON.....LOVE CREDIT....HATE HIGH INTEREST RATES. I would have given it a 5 if they gave me a lower interest rate.  my credit score is too good for an interest rate like that.
It has rewards... like a million other cards.  Depending on how/where you spend your money, it could be worth it.  I personally have half a dozen credit cards I carry on a regular basis to take the most advantage of wherever I'm shopping (Target card is 5% off... at Target; Lowe's card is 5% off... at Lowe's; Banana Republic card is 10% off... at BR; etc.).My main card for &#34;all other purchases&#34; is Bank of America (even though I despise their commercials, and think &#34;BankAmericard cash rewards VISA credit card&#34; sounds super egalitarian), because they have the most logical and comprehensive online statement/transaction viewing of any card I have ever used.  They are the only bank that shows a running balance at every transaction, and allow you to see/export 18 months worth of transactions online without having to download them one PDF statement at a time.  They also have a &#34;ShopSafe&#34; feature (that others, like DiscoverCard, have) that lets you generate single-use card numbers for predetermined amounts to use for shopping online, so that you do not have to enter your actual card number online (a risky thing to do at sketchy/unverified web merchants).  They also have a 2-step verification process that sends a code via text message to your phone in order to make risky changes on your account (change address, phone#, password, etc.).  And best of all, BofA shows actual dollars instead of &#34;points&#34; (which are a stupid middle-man in my opinion, just tell me how much cash it's worth and don't make me do the math).  The Amazon card has none of these features.I have submitted suggestions to Chase to try to get some of these features incorporated into their card.  They are receptive to suggestions, but I have yet to see any changes take place.
The rewards are nice but they do come at the price of a high APR.I would avoid carrying a balance if possible.
I got the card in order to have a method to pay for Kindle purchases and Amazon purchases.  I will not run this bill up because the interest rate is ENTIRELY too high!!  Other that that it is practical.
I applied for the card in May of 2012 so I coudl get the 30 off of somethign I was about to order, and was approved right away with a 500 credit limit. I've paid the card on time every time, and sicne it is such a low credit limit I've never carried more than a 40% balance on it. It's the lowest credit limit of any card I have, and even though I have always kept it paid and paid early they have not increased the credit limit.I have not had any late fees or any other issues, and while the interest rate is kinda high at 21.24% I don't carry enough of a balance to where it costs me much. It is great for small Amazon purchases, and I've gotten more in bonus points than I've paid, but it's not useful for some of the more expensive purchases I do make here on occasion. I generally us my other cards (all with higher limits and lower interest) for that. So, the low limit with no increases even though my credit score has went past 700 is annoying, but I'll go ahead and keep it.Bottom line is, if you can live with a low credit limit without automatic increases then get the card for the reward points. Keep it paid off so they can basically pay you to use the card.
The actual Amazon card is fine. I have made many purchases with it with no problems. The company that actually handles the card is not. Chase is very difficult to deal with. I called for an increase and was declined. And that would be okay too if there was a legitimate reason. I have perfect credit and had a Chase credit card for years with a $0 balance and extremely high credit limit. The very next day I called another credit card company and was immediately approved for a card with yet another high credit limit. I was frustrated with Chase and still am due to the fact it would have been nice to just have my limit increased on this card instead of having to get another card. I will be closing the account as soon as the balance owed is paid. I think Chase needs to work a little harder on customer service and satisfaction.
I loved being able to get $30 off my order just for signing up but I have not used the card itself yet so it's hard for me to actually review it. Based on the $30 off alone I'll give it 3 stars.
A surprising thing about this card is that it is NOT the best card for Amazon purchases (at least for many people).  If you spend less that $750 per month on Amazon, the Barclays Sallie Mae card will give you 5% off bookstores (including all types of purchases at Amazon), and in addition give 5% off the first $250 per month on each of gas and groceries.The US Bank Cash Plus allows you to select bookstores as an option, and will then give 5% off Amazon for the first $2000 per quarter (and give unlimited 2% off your choice of gas, groceries or drug stores).Against that background, this card really only makes sense for those spending upwards of $15K per year on Amazon (and even those should use those other cards on the first bit of spend!).  This does also give 2% on restaurants and drug stores, but it is also easy to do better than that.So nothing particularly bad about the card itself, just that there are better options out there.
Spend close to $1,000 to get $10 in Amazon reward points... I felt like there were better options out there that gave you more bang for your buck and for using their service.Still keep mine around though and active, use it occassionally. It's not as bad as a Bank of America rewards card...
I like seeing the approval and truth to the $30Amazon Gift Card.I don't feel like signing up for the Citigroup, Visa Forward card now to compare the two.The points system is a bit weak, but it's better than the HSBC CASH.  Every 2500 or $2500 you spend with HSBC, you get $25.  But all credit cards are evil. Just make sure you don't spend like a woman and pay your bills on time.Hopefully, spending $2500 on an Amazon Visa will do better than $25 in rewards.5000 Amazon points = $50;  about the same but Amazon with more chances of winning small bonusesTo ensure 3 Amazon rewards points instead of 3, customers buy the Amazon gift cards instead of shopping Amazon directly, with all their associates and third party market place sellers only giving out 1 Amazon rewards points.
I was gonna use the card to purchase some stuff that I needed urgently. However I got a response saying I'd have to wait for 30 days to get an approval...I can't wait 30 days to shop the same product...Even the customer rep never mentioned that it might take such a long time....I know I have a good credit score..yet for no reason they lost a sale through their card.
I liked the beginning offer of saving $50 on my first purchase if you sign up with this card. Now I just have to remember to pay the bill on time.
I appreciated what the card did for me, but they sent billings to an incorrect address and it almost cost me not getting a loan because it showed past due.
Having used this card only once I find it no better and no worse than any other credit card I have.
The Amazon/Chase credit card is a good rewards card, and good service, except that it being a static high interest rate card, makes it unappealing after its first use. I have transferred my balance to a permanent low interest rate card that I already have because of this.
I am pleased with the card however the interest rates are rather high compared to other cards that I have. which usually happens with visa. It would be nice to have a amazon master card which normally has lower rates. Also as far as my limit well it doesn't give me very much buying power.
Why on earth would you want me to review a credit card? Um...it's attractive, as far as credit cards go. It swipes just fine, and it fits in my wallet. IT'S A CREDIT CARD!
I was instantly approved for this card and received a decent limit based on my credit, I also received the highest listed APR. My only issue is the link I clicked on said I would receive a 50$ amazon store credit and I received a 30$ credit instead. When I go to the link when I am signed into my amazon it still shows 50$ but if I go to the link when I am not signed into my amazon account it shows 30$. So attempting to get this fixed is turning into a nightmare because when the customer service people click on the link it states 30$ for them, I have no idea why this is. I know the difference is only 20$ but it is part of the reason why I applied for this card in the first place and took that hard inquiry on my credit for it.
It's very convenient; however I've noticed that it does not list the charges clearly enough.  I'm having difficulty verifying and matching up charges on the card to purchases made through Amazon.com which is the only place I use it.  I would like to see a more specific listing of purchases other than just Amazon Market with one lump sum.
It was quick and easy to sign up for the card. Awesome to get $30 off my bill.  But then the reward points, not sure how that works. The next time I ordered from amazon it said reward points were unavailable. Something about routine maintenance.  So I just use my discover card. I love that amazon lets me use my cash back bonus from discover to buy my stuff.
We always wanted to know a brief description and maybe some pros and cons for it's usage. We would also love to see a table to compare prices.
I like the card, but I wasn't getting my statements and have stopped using it.  I was always afraid that I would charge something on the card and then forget about it and not know that I would have a balance.
Applied for Rewards card for that $50 off 1st purchase and points and got a pop up stating it was being reviewed by Chase, and that process could take up to 30 days. I thought, OK, that makes sense, it must be what they do (DID NOT continue with purchase, of course, because I wanted that $50 off and was willing to wait for the card to come). I figured I'd see something in my email the next day, since I already have good credit with Chase, but I didn't check my email for nearly 2 weeks because a family member went into hospital the next day. When I finally remembered that I'd applied and had yet to see a card in my mail, I checked my email and, yeah, nothing from either Amazon or Chase... WTH?! Chatted Amazon; they said contact banking institute. I called Chase up and they said, Well, you already have two card accounts with us. I said, Yeah, accounts I rarely use anymore (i.e. no balance on them for several months). I want a card that I will actually use regularly that will give me rewards and take $50 my 1st purchase (hello?!). She was all, Well.... I said, OK, if it's going to be this much of a hassle, I'll just get what I want on debit and maybe cancel a couple Chase cards while I'm at it. Then suddenly it was all, No, no, no, we can do it, in fact we're doing it right now! We're SO SORRY it took this long to get to your application. (Whatever. I'M ALREADY ONE OF THEIR CUSTOMERS! Seriously, that doesn't warrant a bit more courtesy?) Apparently I'll receive my card within 5 to 7 business days, and then I'll purchase my new Kindle... although there appears to be conflicting reports in these comments regarding the use (or non-use) of Rewards with Kindles and e-books. Hoping non-use rumors are not true!
Average card  no real special features . The fifty bucks I got off a purchase was worth it though. Would be nice if better shipping or something or movies to watch off of Amazon Prime
I purchased an item on Amazon and first of all the picture was what I wanted but the item I received was not what I wanted with rewards points.  So I called the supplier and returned the item and ordered the one I really wanted.  They said that they would refund when they received the first item.  I got an email stating that they received said item and my refund would show up in several days.  I also got an email stating that I would get my reward points back, I have not.  Wonder where those points went to.
it's ok, there making their millions, and I have high payments....  so it's just ok nothing special.  high interest rates
Took almost a month to receive the item, display is small, hard to read and maneuver, directions are very vague. I guess its ok, but I wouldn't order this one again. A little bulky for a puppy.
This card has come in handy a few times although I find the interest rate high.  We try to pay the balance if not in full then certainly within 2 payments.  I haven't seen much in way of the rewards that interest me so far but that doesn't mean that they're not good rewards!  I DO enjoy having the security of knowing that in a pinch I can use it.
I have other cards that offer better rewards.  This card is based on using the points only for Amazon future purchases.  Cash back reward cards are better deals ranging from 1.5% to 6% depending upon what you are buying.  Of course the Amazon card does not have an annual fee, where as some of the cash back do.
I really enjoy having the Amazon Visa Rewards Card because I am a student who needs to buy a lot of books.  Amazon has great prices, but the rewards aspect of the card really isn't very good.  I understand that we get three points per dollar that we spend on Amazon things, but needing 100 points to get one dollar off is almost not worth it.  I have bought books with this card for two quarters now, usually buying at least 5 books a quarter, and currently I would only be able to save a little over $3.  Wish the rewards were more reasonable for amazon purchases.
While the Amazon Rewards Visa card makes it convenient to buy on the website, you risk losing the savings advantage in interest by not paying the balance each month.The purpose of a credit card is to offer those who carry it, and earn the reward of having a line of credit, a choice to carry a balance with the lender at a reasonable rate of interest.  My card carries a 26.99% interest rate which is about the same rate as the local pawn shop.  Luckily I have money in a savings account which is earning me a hefty 0.012% interest rate to offset this huge penalty for carrying a balance.It's amazing that the bank tells me it can't pay me a fair amount of interest, but I can pay the bank ann amour of over 25% to borrow money from other savers...who are also earning that paltry 0.012%.  Where does the difference go?  It's called operating expense.  Banks have to pay their top tier employees huge amounts in salaries and bonus' to retain the skill sets which have them in this negotiable profit position in the first place.Pay your balance each month.  Don't spend more than you can afford.  Save for a rainy day.  If you don't need it, leave it!
I am pleased with my purchase, the first ones arrived damaged and were immediately replaced when I notified the seller. It takes a little patience to get them started, but the end will justify the means. They are thriving well, my part of the country has had yoyoing temperatures.
I HAD the american express gold card about 2 years ago.  They were very helpful in all customer service related inquiries.  I always paid in full each month, but when it came to the second year they upped the fee from $50 which it said to $175.  Immediately I dumped the card. (I always feel that is a precursor to something else) I still have an American Express Blue Card because of the protections they offer me.  In the past I used it for high-end purchases  in case anything went wrong, but since they dropped my limit to $1000 from $3000 (apparently because of the economy, I have a credit score above 750) I barely use it, just enough to keep my credit score from being affected.
I have received this platinum card this year. Yes, if you travel a lot, it is worth it....I thought. Well, ......I called customer service (2 times) regarding my future travel. Both time said, "all customer service agents are currently busy. Please call back TOMORROW." This is PLATINUM card tel line, right??? $200 travel credit is good, but since I am already Diamond member, I have no extra baggage fee, no upgrade fee. I tried to use this $200 credit for wi-fi inside airplain...first AMex said "I can use this $200 credit for wifi fee." but after I received this card, then said "can not use because this charge not from airline." Please do not give me wrong info. Another reason I got this card, because they have up front borrow mileages program. Unfortunately I have to wait 6 months to use this option. I did not know that.(They did not say). I expect good customer service, but not good than I thought. not yet to receive special invitation events. Depends on how good the event I decide to keep this card or not.
This stand was OK for the price. Definately not heavy duty. Will not use for cymbals but to hold acceaories.
This card may or may not be a good credit card, but having used it only once, the positives are that I was able to quickly get in touch with a real live person (I just despise having only phone menu options) but a negative is the hassle about setting one's password -- can't use any of last three passwords, really!? I should be able to choose any password I want to use.  This petty regulation, undoubtedly the rationale is to keep our children safe from on line predators?  Simple is better.  When I finally, after about ten tries, was able to create my account, I was able to go right into my profile and change to the password I want anyway, but I didn't like having to spend half an hour figuring out how to game the system to do what I wanted, not what the machine's protocol's regulated.
Just like any store card, it fills a void.  I would prefer a way to allocate payments so that I can pay off a certain purchase before it's promotional period ends as opposed to splitting it up amongst all purchases.  This capability does exist in GECRB, Lowes has it.
I enjoy shopping on Amazon.com, and I like the way that GE Cap handles the accounts. The biggest drawback is that they don't offer rewards points, and their customer service is mediocre at best..
I just got this card recently by purchasing an item over $500 on Amazon and I was happy to have a 12 month same as cash offer. I wondered when I would receive a statement on my payment due date, but nothing ever came by mail or electronically. Luckily, I logged in online and found that a payment is due in a few days so I scheduled it. I am unsure why I would not have gotten any notification of when my payment was due.
Great card.... Works just like any other card, But when it comes time to pay my bill why is it so hard to find the link to be able to pay my bill? In my account search bar (after searching for 5mins)I typed in "Bill pay", "How do I pay my bill", "Paying my bill online", And then just plain "bill". All theses searches yeilded NO results. I want to pay my bills ontime, and we dont use our card all the time, so it always seems like a challage just to give them what I owe. I really hope it's not being done on purpose.
I enjoy having this card but it is a complete pain to check on the status of payments, making a payment and your overall account balance, Any other account I have, when I log in I can see ALL details of my account without searching to get to the information. This one I have yet to find a way to check it with ease.
The card itself is okay. However, I typed my password in once incorrectly and now it keeps asking for my account number in order to gain access to my account. The only way to get a hold of my account number is through my account! I do not currently have a statement available because I opened it so recently, and the only other option is to type in the card number. Because it is only a store card, I do not have a physical card and therefore do not have the number to enter! As far as I can see there is no help number on the store card website itself. I will have to keep looking.
can I change date of my statements? there you go again! I want to change my statement, please. albert c sullivan
have to change my password each time I try to make a payment.  Very hard to get to the pay my bill page.  needs work.
I've had this card for a few months now and I pay in full every month. So far I have no problems but it takes almost a week for my bank account to take the money. That's ridiculous. This is 2013, it shouldn't take ten days to process a payment.
I really enjoy having the amazon store card. I enjoy not having to keep one of my debit cards online for purchases. They only thing is when I log on to see my balance I like to be able to see what every item is not just that i bought it from amazon. I know what ive boughten but it'd be nice when I see how much it a certain item is that it would give me a description of the item. I know this might sound dumb, but im a freak for making sure im not paying for crap I didnt order or making sure im not paying a crap load of interest fees.. Oh well itll be one of those things i use once in awhile : )
MY PAYMENTS ARRIVE BY THE SEVENTH OF EACH MONTH BUT ARE DEBITED UNTIL AFTER THE 15, 16, OR 17TH OF THE MONTH
Dont like the fact that I had about $130 credit and now have $67 credit because of how much they hit me up for interest. Over $60 interest. I was feeling good about not touching my card or account and then boom I can put right back down and that sucks. Some of the stuff I got as christmas for people didnt even work which makes me more disappointed
This site could be more user friendly. Disappointed with the layout. Needs to be more detailed with the transaction list.
It would be nice to be able to schedule several payments at the same time, rather than only being able to make one
the customer service is extremely hard to contact. Also the statements can be very unclear. I have random charges and no one is returning my emails regarding them and my current balance increases over night with no purchases being made.
Originally I was given emails about when my next payment is due. Recently, they stopped sending me emails so I was late and have to pay $35.  Some people rely on those emails.  After this bill is paid off, you lost a customer.
I love my Amazon Card but I have noticed that when I make a payment it takes a week for it to clear my bank. I don't know if its just my bank or Amazon or both but I don't like that. I don't have any other payments that I make online takes this long to clear. Other than that I am satisfied.
I find the process of using the card here at Amazon simply wonderful; however, it took me OVER AN HOUR to find the location to PAY MY BILL!!!!!! This was AMAZINGLY FRUSTRATING!!!!!!! There was no place to ask a question, even when you entered that question into the Help section, all you get is items to purchase! But, again, the card is easy and helpful.
I recently bought a new tv through this promotion, and intended on having that purchase being the only time I used this card.Unfortunately, amazon went ahead and changed my 1 click settings to use this new card by default, so the few books I purchased on my Kindle this weekend went to my new card.  Overall not a big deal, but I'd prefer that they not try to make all new purchases go to this high interest rate new card (for purchases not on the promotion), as that could add up quickly.So, if you want the promotion, go for it, just make sure to change your default settings afterwards.
It would be a good thing but never received my first statement then my second statement shows a balance plus a charge for not paying the first month.  If I had received a statement I would have paid it.  Very disgusted with this system.
It was sort of difficult to find the page to make a payment.  Once I did, it was easy and I made sure to bookmark the page.  I really like shopping on Amazon and using the card.  It is super convenient.  However, like the rest of the reviews suggest, make sure to payoff the balance before the promotional period expires.  Of course that is just good common sense with any sort of credit card.
The paper store card I received in the mail was barely legible. It took me several attempts to enter the account number.
For those writing &#34;credit card&#34; on their subjects and prospect customers: this is not a credit card. Instead, it's a proprietary STORE card which means you can't use it to buy gas or shop elsewhere. It's only valid in amazon.com as a CHARGE account. Being that said, I must say that I have NEVER EVER received mine in the mail.... they keep saying &#34;we sent the card&#34; but nothing. I've used it once to take advantage of a special financing offer but nothing else. I usually buy my stuff with my own debit card so there's no real use for it. Other than that, it's yet another piece of plastic. Use sparingly. Don't ask for CLi's if you are not an avid amazon.com customer. As a general rule of thumb, STORE CARDS shouldn't have large lines of credit.
Got the card, used it once, paid it off 4 days later.  Then I noticed that every time I tried to purchase anything from Amazon it was trying to charge that card. I had to physically change my method of payment away from the credit card and back to my checking account.  Then I received my first email statement for a whole .99 cents, thinking it was a mistake I logged in.  Discovered that a kindle book I'd purchased, and a few ringtones I purchased on my phone had been charged to the credit card, a whole $4.95.  Finally figured out to set my 1 click ordering back to my checking account (I never changed it to the credit card in the first place).  Next, I authorized a payment for that $4.95.  But today, I noticed my billing program showed an automatic payment scheduled for 2 weeks from now. Log back in, sure enough, instead of processing the payment when I clicked on it, it scheduled it for when my payment was due. Just seems like they are trying to trick me into running the card up or something.
I like the Amazon Card but when it comes time to make a payment on the account I find it difficult to access the webpage to make the payment.  I usually try to access it through my regular Amazon.com buyer account, but I can never seem to find the link.  So I search via google.com "amazon card payment" to find the link.  I think Amazon should make this link easier to find on their website.
I had no issue until I had a 'Returned payment' occur. Once this happened (and keep in mind I never defaulted, I just put the wrong suffix for my bank account and corrected it shortly after the payment failed) my account was closed and the only response I had was a 'Thank you, have a nice day!' . No recourse, no way to reopen the account - nothing.
I love my store card but I am really frustrated with trying to make payments online. it is different computer to make payment. It asks for an answer to your security questing and then the page never moves. It is very aggravating. Now it doesn't want to work on my main home computer, I am so frustrated.  I tied calling about this glitch and was no help provided. This needs to be fixed. I should be able to pay my bill from any of my computers.Anglea S. Rice
My payment due date keeps changing and I have an auto payment set up from my bank account and every month for the past 3 months I have had late fees because of it.  They did reimburse me for two of them, but I just saw another one today.  My due date is supposed to be the 8th each month.  In Feb it was the 7th and again on the 28th.  Watch your payment due dates and don't rely on consistency.
Too bad Amazon and GE have no concept of customer fairness; only profit. This caredit line is a great benefit but only if you spend an inordinate amount of time managing it because: 1) you CANNOT schedule automatic payments (this is GE/Amazon hoping you will miss a payment and thus be hit with all the credit charges .... not consumer friendly and certainly a predatory practice); 2) they spread your payment across all charges as opposed to paying down the oldest ones first making very difficult for people to manges when they make multiple purchases. Again a very consumer unfriendly and predatory tactic designed to make it harder for customers to avoid credit charges.As I said it is unfortunate that companies must utilize these rather morally repugnant tactics to prey upon their most vulnerable and trusting customers in order to eke out a few more pennies of profit.
This card has absolutely no benefits of ownership, except that you can order that thing you don't need on Amazon, right now.  While it's been an acceptable card, I just find it to be so unnecessary, and it offers no rewards or special offers except no interest, which means very little to me.
just recived my amazon credit card statement. to my suprise there was a 24.73 charge on the bill, I never knowingly signed up for card security.this should never be done without explict conformation in advance.i know now that i could cancel it within 90 days. but that puts the burden on me.to me that is backwards.Toshiba LX835-D3250 23.0-Inch Desktop (Silver)
I HAVE IT SETUP TO HAVE ELECTRONIC STATEMENTS.  HOWEVER, I HAVE YET TO EVER RECEIVE ONE OF THEM.IF IT WEREN'T FOR MY SETTING REMINDERS ON MY PHONE TO PAY THIS BILL, I'D ALWAYS BE LATE.IT IS PRETTY INCONVENIENT FOR THOSE THAT AREN'T AS "ANAL OCD" ABOUT THINGS.AMAZON, YOU REALLY NEED TO STEP UP YOUR SERVICE ON YOUR END AND MAKE SURE THAT YOUR CUSTOMERS ARE GETTING THEIR STATEMENTS IN THE MAIL OR ELECTRONICALLY SO THEY CAN ACTUALLY PAY THEM ON TIME.THANKS.
I just saw a picture that I wanted to change on my profile setting. But there was no help for that and the security questions did not match - which makes me very nervous. I've done business with GE Capital before as a professional business, but this was a real disappointment.
My family purchases from Amazon.com weekly. We've delightedly purchased an Amazon Prime Membership which is AMAZING, saving hundreds of dollars a year in free shipping (that is two days)! Upon noticing an advertisement for the Amazon Store Card, I thought two things: #1 Instant $20 off my next purchase, and #2 could help in bigger holiday purchases.I must forewarn readers, that I'm currently in my &#34;trial month.&#34; This review is derived from one measly month of services. In my opinion that could be a positive or negative. A negative that there is information that allows me to rate it so poorly; a positive that I know what to expect.Here is my story:I tried to log into my account to pay my bill. My password wasn't working so it prompted me to send a verification text to my phone; I was on my IPAD. Each time a verification code was sent (I had to try it several times) and upon me entering the four digit code, it responded with incorrect code. After several attempts, I was locked out of my account which could not be remedied by my own services, but instead requested that I call Customer Service *ughhh.It was easy to get in touch with a Representative. The automated system said I would take a survey to rate the Representative by the end of the call.The Customer Service Representative I not so pleasantly conversed with to was anything but friendly. I didn't foresee any Customer Service of the Year award in her future.  She was cold and short, not listening to my questions before she cut me off. I even had to say &#34;You are not listening to my question.&#34; When I asked why I couldn't access the site through my IPAD, she wouldn't give me an answer but kept forcefully repeating that I use my laptop. When she allowed me to ask my question, she was then able to give me the correct information that I needed.  At the end of the cal (thankfully) I was actually eager to take the earlier announced Customer Service Survey. She asked if there was anything else that needed to be resolved, and I asked her if I was going to be connected to the survey. Well, in reference to the survey she delightfully hung up on me without connecting me *gasp!!Have you heard of the saying &#34;your first impression is the one people judge you by?&#34;In this case, since this was my first experience communicating with customer service, it as not pleasant!(Insert Disclaimer)Now, I LOVE AMAZON. They have they best customer service and have been AMAZING. But this Store Card service is anything but.I am sure you have heard of the saying &#34;let sleeping dogs lie,&#34; and since I'm in a business where I give customer service daily,I couldn't do that.When I called back, I was connected to a different customer service agent. I had told him that I had just called and talked to someone about my problem and I couldn't remember their name or ID number. I asked him if he had that information on file (who I talked to last) and he said yes! I asked him if I could have that information because the last agent was unprofessional. He then contradicted himself and said he didn't have that information! :)I haven't used the card enough to rate the Store Card and usage itself. But, when it comes to Customer Service I would give it a C-.Hopefully future calls will be better.
The ASC was my second credit card and I have now had it for almost a year. I really liked the zero APR that came with my first few purchases but again why is it so hard to pay the bill? Amazon, please make an app or at least shorten the process to pay the bills. Such a hassle, but not a bad card to have if you frequently shop with Amazon. 3 stars
I love Amazon but I can't stand GE bank. I wish they were with Comenity Bank because their services can be horrible. Not all the reps are bad, but most of them made me want to close my old navy account and I did. But I love Amazon.
I've had this card for over a year now and so far I had no problems with it. Upon receiving my card I used it to make small/sensible purchases, just to see how it would work. No problems there! Feeling confident I've decided to buy more expensive items using the 12 months limit. Again no problems. Like many have said, be aware of your purchases, dates and how long you have to pay them off before you start dealing with interest charges. My credit limit has doubled in the past year. I'm giving it a 3 STARS because, although, I understand it's a security measure, I find it annoying having to deal with multiple steps to verify my account every time I'm using a different computer and/also due to the fact the website is quite slow at times (no it's not my internet connection). Overall I'm glad I've applied for this card. The fact that your credit limit seems to increase with every purchase and timely payment is a plus. :)
The offer is very good, and of course, used (VERY) responsibly as with any credit card, it can be useful. However, the backside of this card is a pain in the a**.  For starters, it is rather cryptic in terms of its list of what you were billed for. You would think they could provide a simple link to the purchase (on amazon btw!) so that you don't have to do a kind of intellectual juggling to arrive at just what that 5.98 ebook was! or have to copy and paste the reference number into another window in amazon to look it up... Kinda weird. Also how you pay is very limited. Checking account only. Lastly they bar Pageonce from being able to link to them. Pageonce (now called Check) is a very well done app that allows me to see all my bills in one interface (and to pay them). But GE Capital has for some bizarre reason blocked access (unlike Amex, Verizon, etc.). Go figure! Lastly, watch out if you are late one month! They get nasty. They report to the credit bureaus. Like bang. Ridiculous. I had paid but made a dumb mistake on the checking account number i entered. YET their website did not alert me to that. Said all was fine and payment was on schedule. Well it didn't go thru, cause the number was off by one digit and very fast they got all freaked out and alarmist. This was over a 150 bucks. Crazy. So its fine if you work within their very limited payment structure, and make sure you make NO mistakes. Otherwise, watch out.
I went online, and according to the Indian Customer Rep lady (hard to understand),there is NO WAY to find out your account number online.I selected paperless bills, so when I open my paperless bill, the account is not there either, what's up with that ?(I understand not being there on mailed statements, for security, but Online ? it's password protected)Another issue:I still get email reminders about having to pay the card, even though I have automatic payment option selected !Can anybody in AMAZON or CHASE please take care of this issues for us ?
I have a few different GE accounts, yet I had to set up a new profile for this card. I made a purchase last month and was getting accounts mixed up. By the time today 16th, I have been charged $25 late fee. Not even a day late, plus never got a notice or statement to see when to make payment. :c(Hoping GE  will soon allow smartphone apps to oversee accounts, until then my calander will be mark for future card purchases.
I love having the Amazon.com store card, especially because I order from Amazon frequently. However, as noted above, I have had great difficulty finding the link to make a payment. I came across a bulletin board earlier today with ~ 5000 other similar comments. We are trying to rebuild our credit after facing a long period of illness and then job loss. The key for us has been putting all of our creditors on repeating minimum payments, and then making extra payments during the month. Our utilities and insurance payments are auto-matically deducted and we log on to the bank every day.TO Amazon: Please assist us in being great customers by helping us pay our bills on time. I am very computer-literate, but searching through at least a half dozen screens means I can't pay you quickly while waiting on my food at the restaurant or during a long commercial.Whatever you decide to do will affect the health of your company and the economic health of our country!
I have no problem with the credit card. What my problem has to do with is how hard it is to be able to pay your bill. Trying to find the right page of it when logging ontoAmazon is impossible. If you haven't saved an email from Amazon about making a payment or a thank you for your payment, you'll never find it. If they could just put a "pay my bill" link on the main page it would really be helpful.
I like the feact of having an online store card but I have been having a hard time making payments because the only thing accepted is a checking account.  I have a debit card but that is not accepted either.  I made a payment through the mail but they keep saying they never received it. .....now I am the one being penalized with late fees and a canceled credit limit because they say I am not being responsible with payments -  what????
I had to reenter all my information again to see my balance. It was also hard for me to understand how to gain access the first time I went to pay my bill. Great for ordering books.
GE Capital provides a difficult website to get into. Also I can't seem to make a $50 purchase even though I have plenty of credit. What's that about? We'll see how it turns out.
You keep asking for me to confirm my card number.So I sign in to get my card number and there isn't a card number.I don't know how to use this card if no number is available.I never received a card.How does this system work?
I love the way the card works and saves me money. I don't like trying to find the balance and what is owed so I can adjust payments. I tried to go to the balance with very little success, It should be more user friendly when trying to see statements with balance and payments made. I don't feel I have complete control over my account when I can't readily pull up my account info.
So here's the thing - the card doesn't offer anything in terms of rewards but it comes with the major advantage of letting you make large purchases for 6 months/ 0% interest. It's great to make a big purchase once in a while, but I would NEVER use it for multiple items or even use the card for that matter. When I was approved, I immediately cut up the card. It should be made for big, online Amazon purchases only. It's great at that.BUTI hadn't used my card in a year, so GE closed my account without any sort of notification. Why? Are we expected to make big purchases every single year? There was no need to use it. Of course, now that I want it for something, it's closed. So I have to apply again. Not only that, but your credit score takes a hit if you keep opening and closing accounts. That's not fair to me. I will apply again but if they close it after not using it a mere six months, I will never apply again. I think it's a sheepish, prick move for them to do this.I have NEVER had a card close on me for inactivity after a mere year. They obviously want you to keep using it when it goes against the whole point of having this card. Ridiculous.
The convenience of the Amazon Store Card is great, but is not customer friendly when trying to make a payment. I pay ALL my other bills online through my bank, but cannot with Amazon because it continuously says incorrect account #, even though I am using the one from the card. SO, I have to remember to come over to Amazon and make payment and that's frustrating to have to input my checking account info EVERY time I try to make a payment. And why do I have to put my account # on the internet, instead of my Visa debit card # like every other company does? Not to mention it doesn't save this info and I have to repeat it EVERY time I make a payment. Errrrrrrr totally frustrating!
I've had this credit line for a while and until recently have had no complaints. I primarily use the credit line to purchase school books and related items, Christmas/birthday gifts, and music. I purchased a Kindle Fire HD, was not to thrilled with the product and returned the Kindle along with the various accessories I ordered. While the process was easy, the items were returned via tracking and they were received by Amazon well before the credit was processed. Also, I recently sent in a large payment on the account which has yet to post on the account. I have rarely had issues with Amazon.com, but these two issues with credits not being posted so closely following one another is concerning regarding customer service and my overall impression of Amazon.com as a whole.
I have had this card for a while now and like the ease of use it provides on Amazon.com ONLY.  Now I was not aware that the Amazon Store Card was not part of the "Pay With Amazon" on other sites which to me was a big disappointment, however the card works well enough on the site I suppose.  Im still unsure as to what the pay with amazon thing is since you have to use a credit card ie Visa, MC, etc.  So whats the difference paying normally as opposed to paying through amazon?  Also a giant disclaimer seems appropriate since "pay with amazon" implies "pay with amazon.....card".Next problem, credit increases.  As much as I use and promptly pay on my card I seem to be unable to acquire a much needed increase.  It apparently does not factor in that my payments are usually much higher that the required minimum payment.Finally, fund availability after payment.  14 days, (ahem...10 business days...excuse me), to post despite being withdrawn from my bank account within a few days????  Entirely unacceptable to me.  Even as of now, my account says paid yet my available balance is less the "paid" amount.  I mean really,  what is up with that?
I have been very upset for the past month with this card.  Until June 2013 I did not have a balance on this card and therefore no statement was generated prior to June.  I received my June statement on 6/05/2013 and made a payment that same day.  The first of July I get a call from card services saying I missed a payment and am now due for 2 payments with my July statement.  I was told my payment I made on 6/05/2013 was applied to the May balance (there was no May balance).  Finally on 7/27/13 I got my charges taken off and my late fee taken off my account, but this to me is ridiculous.
t would be nice if you would tall me what books I am paying for!!!!  Besides you have spelled my name incorrectly.  It is BillieAnnTaylor.  5182
Not having a download to Quicken sure makes it difficult to keep up with my purchases and payments.Why is is?But is convenient when shopping on Amazon.
When reading everything regarding the Amazon credit card, the impression is given, in more than one place, that a physical card will be sent to you.  That is not the case.  I reported a card as "lost or stolen" because I never received a physical card, and was expecting it due to the way the site is written.  Even when registering, it is requested that it be registered by the prime holder WITH THE CARD IN THEIR POSSESSION. How much easier it would be if it were explained that a "Welcome Letter" will be sent, but there will be NO physical credit card.
25.99% :( starting out  hope it doesn't go up. but its good when you need it, be careful not to over spend.
Pros:- Great promotional terms for big purchases - just be responsible about paying them off before the promo period expires.- Easy to use at checkout, no weird fees (that I've discovered anyway).Cons- The website:1. Its URL is terrible (https://www.onlinecreditcenter6.com/consumergen2/login.do?subActionId=1000&clientId;=amazon&accountType;=plcc)2. Seriously, did you see that URL?3. Website interface is NOT easy to use.4. You can only schedule a single, pending payment. You must wait for that payment to post before scheduling another.5. No automatic payment options.6. Your user login is separate from your Amazon.com account.7. Email statements are hideously ugly and have no helpful information in them.
I have had the card for over a year and have been paying on time have other cards issued by same bank my limit goes up on but this card nether increases.  I have needed an increase several times and have been turned down.  This to me shows some lack of customer loyalty.
Amazon's store card is convenient and the store credit offered for signing up was nice. My problem with it is that it has charged my Amazon card when I did not want it to. I selected my debit card several times during the process of checking out (it kept going back to the store card), yet when I received the confirmation email, it had still been charged to my Amazon card. Yes, I understand the Amazon card was the default. And I also understand that Amazon has to pay to use other debit or credit cards rather than their own. Nonetheless, I do not appreciate the dirty tricks to try to get me to use my store card when I'd rather just pay for it using a different card.
it is good, but needs improvement in the billing statement, because you guys repeating (amazon market place) in the activity column, which is not helpful, because I already know where I bought things from , but I need to know why is charge for, i mean if you have more detail like the other credit cards will be more helpful. thanks.
This card offers a great suite of special financing offers on many products on the Amazon store. However, there is no support for syncing this card with Mint.com and from what I can tell it's not in the works.
I love having Amazon credit. It is nice to be able to buy something, download a book and the service is great, but they really need to improve their on-line account access.  Most of the time the credit card site will not load and you can only make payments through the phone.  In this day of on-line services, I have become accustomed to accessing my account on-line and easily tracking services.  I don't know if it is Amazon or GE money bank, but this aspect of the service is lacking
Can't figure out what this last payment is for.  It looks like April 17th billing but where is my current activity?
I just started using the card a while ago.  i have been pleased with the purchases and how the account is handled.  I appreciate being able to easily access my account and pay my bill without problems, and to get reminders of previous purchases.
I'm not having any issues with finance charges as others have mentioned.  my huge complaint is that it's such an ordeal to get to where I can make an online payment.  seems like it would make sense to have a direct link from amazon.com to online payment.  every month I have to search to find where I went to get to the payment screen.  every other card I have is really easy to make online payments.  you'd think for an online company they would make it easy to pay online--almost like they don't want you to make those payments on time and accrue finance charges.
what I did not like was being denied an &#34; amazon prime shipping&#34;they would not let me purchase Prime with this card, WHY NOT ? I'm paying for it !I had to use another card.what I like about it is the convenience when I need something.but don't run it up, by putting everything on it, you should neverwant to owe too much at one time, then its NO FUN having it.
I bough t a kindle fire on the store card...I paid GE capital telephonically 2 days ago, and the payment still hasn't posted to my account....What gives?
while your bank gives excellent service, your apr is too high, I pay my bills on time and yet you lump me in with a bunch no or slow pays, lower your apr.
are credited quickly, but if you need to use your account, your available credit will take 5-7 days to update.  Your money is in limbo.  GE, unfortunately is making Amazon look bad.  If I can make a payment, no matter what the amount on my VISA or Master Card, by a certain time of day, I will have the payment available by the next business day. Perhaps Amazon should re-think what GE is doing to their sterling reputation.
In general I'm happy, zero interest for a year...It's when I try to sign in online, my password is always invalid. I've changed it every time I've tried to loin, except once when I made a pymt over the phone - automated and very easy to complete. Note: If you decide to complete the transaction with a real person you pay. I didn't need to.But again, I have my password written done, and I tried to login, only to get the &#34;invalid password&#34; message again.I'm happy for the option, simply glad I only charged a reasonable amount that I can pay back rather quickly.
This is a store credit card and does what it says. I am disappointed because my husband previously had an amazon card and it accrued reward points whenever he used it. Those points could then be used for future purchases on amazon.com. When I was prompted to sign up for a card, I did not realize that amazon has more than one type of credit card. Why would they? So, I was very disappointed to discover that this card has no rewards. There is absolutely no benefit to using it! It is just a plain old credit card with an extremely high interest rate.I saw another review that mentioned having trouble finding how to pay online. That was actually quite easy for me to find. The billing statement says, "visit us at www.gecrb.com/amazon" right on the first page. Once logged into the site, you can make a payment or manage the card just like any other credit card. I have not had any problems with any aspect of the card or bank who owns it. I just think it would be improved if there was some kind of reward offered for continued use.
It takes several minutes each time I want to check my account balance from the amazon website! Why? It should be an easier link to find.
i use this card frequently, and i am really disappointed that i dont get any coupons for this card. i have another card through GE CRB and i get tons of coupons from them.
Really frustrating that despite the fact that my card has almost been paid up the website doesn't reflect accurately the current credit limit...makes me leary about using it at all.
I find having the card to be very easy and beneficial.  However it should not take so long to process a payment in this day and age.  If I can pay them on line easily.  the payment should not take a week to learn the bank.  they need to improve on this. BHektor
I have been buying from Amazon for over a year now using my storecard and paying it off right away. I currently have a $750 line of credit that has not increased at all since I opened my account. My wife who has had her card about 3 months longer that I have, started with a $600 line of credit and has been increased automatically up to four times now. She is now boasting a $5000 line of credit. My biggest complaint is Amazons customer service reps that handle there credit card issues are foreign and have no customer relations skills what so ever, my other complaint is my lack of cl increases. I would buy more with Amazon if I did not have such a small limit!Understanding how they increase credit would be helpful as it currently does not make since with the way they do it at random.
the automated computer service/ automatic phone service sucks. it never recognizes my commands, numbers when asked to speak and say your account number.
I've had this card a few months, and have made a few large purchases with it, but....The problem seems to be communication between the Credit card company and my Bank. The first time I set up a payment system via my Bank, and tried to make a payment, it would not go through. I called Amazon, I called my Bank, and they both blamed each other. It finally worked, and I've managed to get it to work a couple of times since, but now it seems to be back to the old problem.I thought it might be the Bank, but!....I successfully made a payment via my Bank to my E bay card and it worked first time no sweat!Now I am beginning to suspect the Amazon card. I would like to pay my balance down, and because of this confusion I am down a couple of payments SOMEBODY will not let me post!It's nice having the card and being able to buy something I can pay off in a few installments, but......I'll keep it for now. I have a payment &#34;pending&#34; so we will see...
It is super convenient. I do like Amazon. But the interest is crazy high and it makes it difficult to pay it off.
Use only for BIG PURCHASES to take advantage of the promotional interest rates. Otherwise, you will be charged a high interest rate for small purchases so not worth it.
The statement comes 2 weeks before the date of expiration and I always forget to pay on time, and the fees charged are very expensive.
Only used this for a Macbook. When Promo was over they accrued the interest plus there were weeks where I had to correspond as to other fees that were being tacked on by GE. No one could answer straightforward and thanks to Amazon for sending me the paper form of the bills so we were able to find all of these little fee charges. Well, my balance is back to where it should've been and I am paying it off and probably won't need this card anymore. It's too much of a pain in the butt.
I am a person with a disability also living in a small town with few shopping options. Amazon was the answer to many challenges and the Amazon.com Store Card was the perfect answer for making payments once a month instead of every purchase.  I have kept the account up-to-date with a couple of exceptions for large more expensive items. Last month I missed a payment due to a rush trip out of state to be with family during a medical emergency. For days on end I was harassed with calls from "GE Money" about getting a credit card.  Calls started at 6AM!! I have contacted Amazon Customer Service about this and was told Amazon has nothing to do with the card company or the calls.  OK, then why do I only get the calls when I've carried an amount due over to the next month?? and why does the caller always state (s)he is calling regarding Amazon?? This behavior on the part of the card provider should be added to the policy / agreement statements!! If it wasn't for the ease of purchasing Kindle e-books this way, I'd dump the .com card.
I originally was offered the amazon store card managed by GE when I ordered items on Amazon and was automatically approved. I used the card for the convenience to order from anywhere and not have to bring credit cards with me or use them on other computers.  I dont usually like to use the debit card that is direct out my checking acct for safety purposes.Without notification, my limit was reduced to 100 even though I have not had any issues with the card or payments. The only way I found out it was reduced is that an order was delayed. As a nursing instructor, I enjoy the rapid ease of finding books that I may need for last minute shipping ability and the wide variety of used books available. I find the restriction of 100 very limiting and frustrating as again today I have a delay on an order.  I always set up auto payments so not to be late and this limitation is annoying. One order was 50, a gift card, then the next order of books was 63 dollars and because the shipping date is before the autopay date the order was not processed. When I tried to make a payment BEFORE I placed the second order, there was no way to get to the payment area. The author is a friend and I wanted to get a couple copies for gifts for others.So now, my payment option is going to change and the default will not be the amazon card.Will go back to using a different low limit card. I find that using the same, low limit card for on line purchases reduces the risks.still love amazon though!
If it were easier to understand languages (both sides), there would be no frustration on either side. But when agents speak clearly, they are always pleasant, very helpful and able to resolve issues easily. A pleasure to work with.
Several people have complained GE MoneyBank does not mail out the card or invoice in time, and people get slammed with late fees. What you need to do is call GE Moneybankk's number at 866-634-8379 which you can reach 24/7/365. You'll get an automated voice...keep insisting you talk to a customer service rep. When you get a real live person (which will be some guy in India), tell them you never got a card or invoice, and you need to know your number so you can make a payment. Then go to the Amazon Store card payment website and set up an account. This is a lot of needless hassle, and Amazon should distance themselves from GE Moneybank IMMEDIATELY. Oh, and with all the Americans out of work, Amazon needs to stop outsourcing jobs to India. Seriously Amazon? You can't hire some Americans willing to work for min wage even?......UPDATE: Completely paid off balance on 8-16-2013. Payment was due by 8-28-2013. Got an email from GE Moneycrook that said my checking account would be debited on 8-28-2013 and might take two days to post to my account. I was worried they would slam me with late fees even though I paid off the whole thing early, but fortunately they didn't. It does not take 12 days to debit a checking account in this day and age of real time computers! You can select the date you want the account to debit, which I didn't realize at first, so my advice is select a date earlier than the due date.So far I haven't had any late fees, and haven't had any problems.
The product is okay, but takes forever to charge and won't use just any charger.  The website for the Amazon store card, however, is the pits.  After you enter all your info, you have to sign in again, and it takes a lot of unnecessary time.
Great if you have the time and patience to review every month.  I find myself calling their customer service every month to make sure I'm making the correct payment amount to satisfy the "interest free" deal and still pay off the entire balance of any other purchases that were made in the current month.This would not be difficutlt except:CONS:1) It is hard to understand the split on their website.2) getting to customer service takes at least 10 minutes EVERY TIME because you have to wait thru the typical BU*LSH*T prompts that we all hate, but companies like this still use in the hopes that we will just give up, make an error and get hit with all the interest and late fee charges.PROS:1) I will say that once you do get to a customer service rep, they have always been nice, understand what I'm trying to do and actually guide me thru it, wait to see that my payemnt has posted before terminating the call.So this is a great card, IF you have the time and the patience to do it right and be careful.That my two cents and no interst paid!!Chase
Like some others, I had a very difficult time attempting to pay the bill.Finally,I used the 800 number for Amazon and I was able to accomplish the task.I am glad there is not an extra fee to pay the bill.
Purchased a Kindle Fire 12-18-13.  This purchase offered a $50 dollar credit if I applied for the Amazon.Com STORE CARD and promised deferred interest payments.  When I received my first statement in JANUARY with a due date of FEBRUARY there was an interest charge of $55.63, the card charges an interest rate of 25.99%.  So there went my $50 credit, and by the way the credit was not on the statement and I had to call to receive it.  So if I pay-off the card today there will still be an interest charge for the time elapsed since the last statement.  I am frankly amazed that Amazon would treat their customer in such a manner.  It is not enough to collect a nice profit on sales, you have  to rake in an ever greater profit with abusive interest charges.  Yep, as someone else pointed out you are just stupid if you fall for this treatment.  Color me stupid!  Never again!
Although I do appreciate the deferred billing for major purchases, I'm struggling to understand why my online payment made over two days ago still has yet to show up either thru my bank or has been posted to my account.  Other credit card companies will show payments almost instantly.  Also, on-line billing does not show to which purchases the payment has posted.Surely Amazon can do better!
Make sure to check your recent account summary after every purchase. After my last transaction, I noticed that I was charged 9 times for an item that should have only been charged once. Both the credit card company and Amazon gave awful customer service. And after reaching Amazon's customer service and then requesting to speak with a manager (considering the first call representative was rude and unprofessional), they were unable to answer my questions and assist me with the issue at hand. All in all I love the whole &#34;idea&#34; of this card and making purchases off of Amazon. I am just extremely disappointed that they were not there to help when needed. I will definitely monitor my account more often and think twice when making purchases.
GE credit terms are very tricky. However, once you understand the monthly amount you pay goes to your non-promotional purchased items first. Then the remainder, if any,  goes to the promotional interest free balances.  As long as you don't think the entire monthly payments go toward the promotional purchases. Always check your GE statements periodically, which means multiple times per month, to see how your monthly payments are allocated. As you are getting close to the last payment for your promotional balances, call them and request a written email to confirm your promotional balances and the date of expiration. I only wish we can trust these big guys not to mess with mind games, and notify us in writing as our promotional balances due to expired one month in advance!!!!!!!!!!! highly highly recommended!!!!!!
It's great to not use my check account or credit cards.  The only thing I don't like is that when you pay the requested amount PLUS another $50. Orders are not released as they are with other merchants.
As an overall review of the card, I love it.Like all credit cards, you must USE CREDIT WISELY. If my balance isn't 0% financed, it is paid in full every month. I never, ever pay finance charges, and this card has given me plenty of time to pay off purchases over 6 or more months at no extra cost.My biggest complaint with this card is that it does not support Mint.com. I use to do all my account balancing, but Mint.com just saves so much time. I could save even more time if this card supported it!!!Otherwise a great card, they notified me to let me know they raised my limit the other day, not that I'd ever come close to it but always great to have that cushion in case of emergency, or the extra limit to show off to the credit bureaus.
I HATE having to jump hoops to log on to MY account. I DO NOT like being forced to change my password and then have it dictated to me what that password can and cannot be. If it happens again, I will cancel the Amazon Card, I don't need it anyway!!!
I liked the idea of the no interest promotion until i got the card security packet in the mail which i had read nothing about in the application  , i read everything in the pack and the only thing about it that caught my attention was that at the end of your cycle every month you pay a service fee of 1.66 for every 100 dollars on the card security which completely defies the whole purpose of the promotion , on the good side of the whole thing it was very easy to cancel just  a head up
My only complaint is that every time I try to log in to my account I feel like I'm trying to break in to the Pentagon computer system.  This is the most frustrating, going in circles log-on I've ever tried to use.Other than that I can truly say I love Amazon and have never had an issue with any of their products.
The site is super slow. Not user friendly at all.  And now I'm trying to log in to pay my bill and obviously the site is down because I cannot even get it. Horrible!
I have only had my card for a short while and had some concerns when I didn't receive my card in the mail so I couldn't register to pay online.  But...I had a chat with a very kind Amazon rep who provided the number for GE.  I called and in a very short amount of time was speaking to a lovely representative who took steps to verify my identity (thank you) and explained to me that my apartment number had been entered incorrectly which is why I have not received my card.  She corrected my mistake and gave me my account number over the phone...I registered and paid my entire balance in less than five minutes.We should all be very careful using revolving debt vehicles in any case but I believe this is a card to use for one time purchases or to finance a large item but I would not recommend using it for multiple purchases and carrying the balance.  GE Capital usually finances one time, promotional purchases (Lenscrafters for example) and they do not specialize in servicing carried over balances or large volumes of calls from customers requiring account maintenance.If you do have a balance you are carrying on this card, my suggestion would be to transfer it to a card with a larger financial institution specializing in this type of carried revolving debt.Educating yourself about different types of credit and the companies who provide it will create much more understanding and less angst for you.Good luck!
SIGNED UP FOR AUTO PAY MONTHLY AND PRESUMED THIS MEANT IT WOULD AUTOMATICALLY DEDUCT FROM THE BANK ACCOUNT GIVENHOWEVER, IT IS NOT LIKE THIS AT ALL.  YOU MUST GO IN AND AUTHORIZE THE MONTHLY PAYMENT BEFORE THE PAYMENT DUE DATE OR YOU WILL BE CHARGED A LATE FEE OF $25.00 IN ADDITION TO THE BALANCE DUE.  NOT WHAT I EXPECTED AND TO AVOID THIS HAPPENING AGAIN PAID BALANCE IN FULL.  DISAPPOINTED
If you use paperless settings, you an't set up Bill Pay because you can't see your full account number. That's pretty primitive
I have used this card now for a year and a half w/ no interest accrued on any products due to the great no interests offered.The only negative i would have to say is getting to the Amazon.com/creditcardpayment site is not easy. I usually set a date of payment, sometime a couple at a time in advance so when I do try to go to the payment page it takes me a few minutes to find it as it will go under my "order" account instead of my Amazon credit card account. Otherwise, very happy with it.
The convenience of the Amazon.com Store Card is why I have it. 25.99% interest is pretty high, but if you pay off the balance every month you will never pay a penny in interest. For me it was all about the convenience and the $10.00 off.
I've had this card 3 months and each month I have to change my password because I can't log in.  Could you make this a bit more user friendly, please? Not all of us are native to the world of technology!
Once they stepped "off script" and talked to me rather than the script the service improved. I had to request that the service rep. speak slower so that I could understand her but she was quite helpful after that. The biggest problem was getting to a live person to have my question answered. I might be old fashioned but customer service implies live people to talk with not just a computer voice
My big complaint is that I have a hard time getting into my account online...usually some sort of server error.:( And, the billing time is not consistent. I watch my accounts closely anyway but this one is more trouble for me and my goal is to get it paid down fast then close it. Was nice because it helped me to get some items I did need...but. And, it has to be their servers because I can almost always get to other online accounts easily.
I love shopping thru amazon.com and will continue to do so.  The on big problem with the site is that you can not easily maneuver to your account balances and statements for review. I have to go to 3 different sites to get the infomration I need to submit bill for business - amazon.com, amazon store.com and amazon.com rewards or chase.  There should be easy access links to get to you billing statements from Amazon's website.  I hope this glitch can be fixed in the very near future!!
Promotional purchases are awesome, you get them paid off on time and you pay no interest, but a 26% APR is very high. I wish this could be lowered in time w/ responsible card ownership. I often won't make small and moderate purchases because I'm not excited to pay such a high APR for items. I have to use "Save for Later" and "Wish List" instead and often forget to go back and purchase the item or later decide I don't really want it anyway. I would purchase more often (and probably more items) if the APR were more reasonable.
I have recently made a purchase after the due date and payed off my previous balance but it charged me interest even though the due date had passed and I made my purchased after it and payed my balance
I wish i could use my debit card to pay. Instead i have to wait for the transaction to go thru in days rather then right away. Kinda inconvenient when trying to pay multiple bills
The interest rate is very high at 25.99% and late fee of $35 is very high-not very customer friendly fees.
i have been trying to log in to pay my bill all morning. i have not changed my log in user name and i keeps saying it is not valid. this is the most fustrating thing. all i want to do is pay my bill. the forget password or log in is not working either. other than that i have had no issues with this.
Once I figured out how to access their online payment site, and register my card, etc. it is fine. I like the 12 month no interest deal. I ordered some products. On one order, I ordered more than the required amount to qualify for 12 months no interest financing, but then cancelled a product. That order was still eligible for financing. Because I had cancelled that order, I ordered something else, separately, and that did not qualify for 12 months financing as it was less than the amount. These orders were all completed the same day, within an hour in fact. I wish there was a way for Amazon.com Store Card to count all purchases made within a day towards that 12 months no interest program. I'm not giving only 3 stars because of that, but rather because it is not a great card, doesn't have amazing perks, etc. It's okay.Here's how I figured out how to pay my bill:Login to Amazon.com&#62; Click on &#34;Your Account&#34;&#62;Go down to the &#34;Payment&#34; section&#62; Click &#34;Amazon Credit Cards&#34;&#62;&#62;&#62;Amazon Credit Cards&#62;&#62;&#62;Already have an Amazon.com Credit Card?&#62;&#62;&#62;Make payments and manage your account here
Like the card, especially offers to let me pay over 6 months with no interest but the statements (online and paper) don't show this clearly.
While I like the ease of the card use, it does not allow you to make more than one payment during the month.  So if you have a little extra and want to pay more on your bill, you are not allowed to do so. Nor do they post at the time of payment...they wait until the due date.  If there is a glitch in the system and they are late posting, you get charged a late fee that goes on your credit record and they are unwilling to do much about it unless legal action is threatened.  Finally, they base your maximum buying power on the way you pay everyone else...not the way they are paid, which I find somewhat strange.  Overall, it's better than a credit card, but could stand some improvement.
The card is OK but I really wish they would send a reminder when you're payment is due. With most cards or bills in general, you get a notice of some sort saying your payment is due in x-many days. I never get a bill or reminder for this card, and so I often forget and then I accrue a late fee. Like most people, I have a lot to keep track of, so it's hard to remember this one bill out of many. I recommend enrolling in the recurring payment option so your bank account is automatically charged either the minimum payment, total balance, or x-amount of your choosing, and this way you're not in danger of getting charged a late fee.
I have done business with GE Credit over the years through several different companies.  I have always paid my bills.  GE has made a great deal of money from my transactions.  Yet, I find them to be a grumpy company to do business with.  Don't expect kindness.
Anytime I have needed an exchange or refund service was fast and freindly. I just wish  they would incease my limit based on my payments made on time and extra and not only on my credit report. Being disabled and on a set income.I do not get out to shop much so I have been a loyal Amazon customer for years and have always paid on time and extra monthly
I do appreciate being approved for the Amazon store card however I do have a few comments.I did not realize that this was an &#34;in store only&#34; card.  I was under the assumption that it was a actual credit card.I also did not like the fact that the APR is extremely high, so this being said I will probably not use this card for more purchasesfrom Amazon.Not sure what the future will holdThanks for the fast approval and for the sellers that make the experience worth the wait.
Written instructions are not complete and way too many clicking past this and that, There are far better systems out there.I doubt I will use it much !Also have used GE before with another plan and found it ok but have read all the warnings reported here. I got this card only because of the &#34;come on&#34; ($25 credit). Will not use it often and then with caution - as anyone should with any credit card.
I've had my card for a year now and as i go and pay a payment yesterday It sends me an email like always stating my payment. This morning i check my bank account and it has charged me $40 instead of my payment i put down. I'm not very happy with this card anymore...
I don't have any complaints re the service of this card, I just with it would support Mint. Please support Mint!
Getting to the website where you can register your account for paperless statements was not a good experience. I am computer savvy and spent at least half an hour searching and following my paper statements' instructions, which do not match up what shows up after accessing the amazon.com website.
The website isn't pretty but I was pleased to see some modern features like:1) Apply payments to Non-deferred purchases first2) Recurring automatic payments from your checking account3) The ability to download a .qfx file to import purchases into QuickenWhen you sign up, you agree in the fine print, to use eStatements or online billing.  If you're a fan of software like Quicken, GE Capital Credit Cards WILL NOT sync to Quicken with Intuit's wonderful OneStep Update, you have to go into recent activity and download a .qfx file.While their billing cycles are not unique, they are typical of a credit card aiming to collect a late fee or over-limit fee; online eStatements only compound the likely hood you'll forget to make a payment.  In hindsight I would have skipped applying for this card its really nothing special and I prefer credit cards that have more robust features and dare I say beautiful website.
I really wish that you supported Mint.com. Other than that it's solid, exactly what I expected. Please allow me to add this account to Mint.com. Until then only 3 stars. Fix and you get 5 stars.
My new card worked well lately, however my card did not work on the last two transactions. If this is a trend I believe Amazon will  lose in long run. Being rejected for any amount purchase credit is a shame.
The card works--it's a store credit card that processes the transactions fairly easily, and the transactions are even more painless than usual.  Five stars for that.However, when it comes to invoking the online account system, things go rapidly down hill.  If you follow the Amazon menu links to the payment options, there's nothing to really distinguish which card you're going into--you can find yourself at three different places and not really be able to know if this is the right place or not without carefully reading the page.(To make it worse, the actual this-is-the-place site is [...] means that those who look at URLs and expect to remain within Amazon.com's fiefdom are immediately suspicious.  Oddball names like that are also the domain of phishing sites...)Then you have to register your online account.  Using the current version of Chrome, the application process would crap out unexpectedly, only giving you a "Back" button on the page.  Did my password change or not?  Did I pick the correct image?  What the heck was my maternal great grandmother's blood type, anyway?I certainly understand the process they were trying to carry out (among other things, I do professional web development of some pretty complex applications), but their buggy code left me frustrated and pessimistic that anything done through this site is reliable.So, only 1 start for the sign-up process.(BTW--if you get the back-button-of-death loop, just go back to http://amazon.com/storecard and start over--it seems to remember where you were if you drop back into it, so they get half-a-star for a hidden escape hatch.)When you finally get through the process, everything starts to run smoothly, again.  All the purchases are there, the payment setup is relatively painless, though it's limited to direct-from-bank-account processing as far as I can tell (More Easter eggs? A conscious choice?), so have your bank routing number on hand or you'll be hunting the old checkbook.I don't discourage anyone from using this, but I have some suggestions that will make follow-on customers happier:1.  Highlight the store card so you can tell it apart from the other two.2.  Either warn users up front that they will be going to an "outside" URL, or use DNS entries so that it at least looks like you're still working within amazon.com.  Come on, guys--you sell these services to the rest of the world; your systems should be the golden standard on how to do this.3.  Since it probably is an outside bank or company that's running this, you might want to use your market-capitalization muscle to get them to smooth out the process.  It might be their code, but it's your name on the card, so it makes you look bad.I'm sticking with the card, and I'm very happy with how it all works.  From a technical point of view, the whole setup should be much easier, though.
if you are to slow in filling in data you get cut off and you have to start over,the stuff with multiple security questions is very trying.On top of SS and mothers maiden name. JUST TOO MUCH!
I am happy to have this opportunity but when I pay my bill each month on time I should be able to increase my credit limit. We are planning a wedding and need this account.
The only issue I have with the card is that for over a year i have have the card and it seems that getting a credit line increase is next to impossible and i pay in full every month.It keeps my window narrow on what promotions i can take advantage of
Got the product, paid the bill , but cannot get an update that the bill was paid and cannot view the account balance reflecting the paid bill. I keep getting that the bill has not been paid. I received an E-mail that the bill was paid and my account would be updated in two days but it has not happened yet. My account still reflects that the bill has not been paid. What gives? Should I cancel this account? Why is there no &#34;Contact us&#34; on the account?
Amazon and GE should really rethink the credit charge percentage.  This would be a 5 star system if they offered reasonable credit terms, which, in my opinion, would be in the competitive low teen range. I believe there would be infinitely more sales coming it if the card was more competitive.  As it is now, prudent customers closely monitor their purchases with this card and look for the interest free options on larger purchase items.
Great type of account and offers of zero interest for 6 months on particular transactions....however do not like how long it takes for payments to clear an account for online payments.  Also just paid off account and still had financing fees leftover no biggie but once I paid it takes forever to post.  Your callcenter reps clueless how this website works and lack knowledge or awareness if a payment is pending to post on the account.  Still will use the account for future purchases however will make payments immediately
The card itself is fine, and the no-interest purchases are certainly useful.  But every month when I try to log in to pay it, it takes a number of attempts as it keeps telling me that my session expired due to inactivity.  Immediately upon login, yes.  Very irritating.
I posted a payment online and asked that it not be put thru until Jan 5th.  I checked with my bank today and my payment has already been posted, which means Amazon already has their money.  Great, but one problem-now I'm overdrawn at the bank.  I do not think this was fair at all.  I do good business thru Amazon, but there are other options out there that I will be looking at.
Amazon was supposed to credit me $4.99 purchase which was my balance.  They did but charged me a whopping $8.95 late fee.  That I think is a rip OFF.  The books are good but I have pre-ordered things that never got shipped to me either Kindle or residence.  So watch out
The card itself is fine, though I do find it extremely annoying that every time I try to make a payment on line you make me change my password before I can access my account.  Why is that?!  Seriously, it really is annoying.  Why make it harder than it needs to be for a customer to pay their bill?  Just saying...
When I rented several movies Like &#34;Labor Day, Carrie, Pompeii, and many more they lag really bad or they are hard to watch. I know that you were good at refunding some of the time but it seems like now that they lag you don't care and don't refund the money. This is very upsetting to me. I also think that the rental fees are higher and should be able to watch the movies for at least a two day rental. I sometimes don't have time to go back and watch the movies when I work, a two day rental would make it a lot better.
Very Bad, I have been waiting for statements to pay bill.  None arrived , finally went on line to get balance.  Now see I have $25.00 late fee. I will be canceling the Amazon Store Card.
Amazon, when I first received my card with you i had a $300.00 limit, not much, but enough for me. I had always paid more than the minimum and was always on time if not early. Never was I late. than a received a letter in the mail stating that Amazon periodically review credit history and account performance to evaluate ongoing creditworthiness. Than your company decided to lower my credit limit to $190. I was very upset!. I was going to close the account, but decided to keep it because I really do like your company. I would like for you to review my &#34;creditworthiness&#34; within my account with you, and reconsider my creditworthiness. and like I said, really do like shopping at Amazon.com.thank you, denise
I have had much luck with this site over the year and happy so, far and glad to have found this site.
I have been happy with all of the products I have received and with Amazon in general.  However, every time I try to log on to my account for any reason and to pay my bill, it takes forever because it never lets me in with my current password. I have to reset my password EVERY time!  I don't know who the genius is that wrote this program for Amazon, but they should be fired!  I have noticed several other reviews stating the same problem.  When is Amazon going to do something about this?
THE BOTTOM OF PAGE 1 WAS CUT OFF AND 2 DAYS OF TRANSACTIONS DID NOT SHOW ON PAGE 2. PAGE 3 WAS BLANK. NO ONE AT AMAZON OR THE BANK COULD FIX THE PROBLEM OR EVEN ADMIT IT WAS THEIR PROBLEM.
I do appreciate this payment plan, however, I would appreciate greater if when I log in to see my next amount due and date, that it also shows me the promotion amount and when it's due.  I shouldn't have to go to the statement and calculate items purchased on certain dates to see how much that is.  AND, before you tell me that it shows up on the statement, it doesn't unless it's due NOW.  It should be continual, JUST like the regular payment and due date.Otherwise, I love Amazon, and I agree that GE has a good plan when you understand it, and use it responsibly.
The statement page DOES NOT show an address for making mail in payments.  WHY?? Every statement page should include a mail-in address.  I have complained about this before.  If you don't correct this, I'll quit using the Amazon Store Card.
I went paperless to cut the mailbox clutter, and don't need to pay the USPS anyways. I would like the current balance to be in the paperless email so I know if I have a balance to pay. I don't use the card often, but often preorder something and then forget it went on that card. Just need to check the balance when the statement comes in the email.
This is a correction of the review below which I have marked with quotation. I found that my Amex/Bluebird Bank does not allow debit banking (only direct deposit). But then I also found in the FAQ section that I can make payments by mail, so I sent off my payment using my Amex/Bluebird preauthorized check. I acknowledge that the mistake is mine and not Amazon or GE Credit.Just think, at my age I'm still learning new things all the time."I attempted to make a $100.00 payment on the 3rd of October but the machine pended it to Oct. 28. Now the machine says, 'thank you' for my payment AND charges me a $25.00 late fee! The card may not charge interest, but its hokey way of refusing to accept payments except on its own timetable will eventually mean that I will pay an additional 100.00 late fees over 4 payments.This is just very UNACCEPTABLE!"
I am appreciative of the use of this service.  However, in the beginning of my usage..I ran into some payment difficulties mostly because of miscommunication of how to pay online.  I was late a couple of times only because of a misunderstanding of how I was notified, etc.I have been a good customer except for the misunderstanding.  I would appreciate being reconsidered for a credit increase in the future based on the fact that I have a 0 balance and have always paid once I figured out what I was doing wrong.Thank you
I love my Amazon Store card and the easy way to make online payments. But I must be missing something since I cannot find out what I have bought by looking at the on line or paper statements. Obviously I have bought everything through Amazon, but there is never an item listed, so How do I know if it was my purchase or not? It would be helpful if you would just note that it was a certain book, or a CD or a particular item I have purchased.I have also had some difficulty getting the site to recognize my user name. And yes, I know it is case sensitive. Sometimes I have to start over several times before I finally get in.
I opened my Amazon account and made my payments on time and even before the due date on occasion. What got me was that Amazon never bothered to notify me of purchases made by my grandsons for games for their Kindles that were Christmas presents and therefore I never knew i was accruing more debt. Then my wife had a stroke, I lost my job (happy to say I got a better one), and I was late by 3 to 5 days I believe 4 times to which I contacted Amazon and notified them of the issues with my wife and all. I explained that she is the one who pays the bills and therefore I did not know I was a few days late. It didn't matter to Amazon. They cut my credit limit in half and that in turn gave me a negative rating on my credit report. When crisis happens and there is no control one would think there would be human compassion. I wonder what would happen if the shoe was on the other foot. All I am doing now is paying off my Amazon card and trying to change the negative into a positive.
I have not has any issues with my amazon store card up to now a least that I was aware of.. I noticed on my promotion summary there was interest charges that didn`t seem correct , I contracted an agent to see what was going on and He said there was some confusion and mistakes were made to the account.  he credited back the interest charges of $23.00. This having to call and spend my time on the phone to correct someone else s errors is very frustrating.  Being told that the mistakes were made because the process is very complicated left me apprehensive and not very confident in the people handling the amazon store card  . I don`t feel it is done intentionally just not responsibly. Please do your job right so we don`t have to do ours and yours.
Typical card. Never had any issues.Just purchase and pay at the end of the month.....not rocket science.NOW - the customer service is another issue.Indians dont understand anything. No way to shortcut the telephone system. System is old and outdated.
I HAVE GOTTEN EVERYTHING I ORDERED ON TIME AND IN GOOD SHAPE BUT THE FIRST TIME I TRY TO RETURN SOMETHING WOW.ITS BEEN OVER TWO MONTHS NOW AND HAVENT GOTTEN A DIME BACK YET ON A SIMPLE RETURN. I THINK ILL QUIT BUYING STUFF ,AND THE PRIME THING IS A JOKE,NEVER AGAIN.
Using the card has not been a problem for me.  However, paying it has been a real pain.  I have gone in and changed my user name, but they keep reverting back to the old one.  I have gone in and changed my password three times, and now none of them work.  It asks for my store card number, and then tells me the card isn't registered.  I've been using and paying it for over two years.  How did it get unregistered?I don't think I'll be using this account anymore.  It's too much of a hassle.
Somehow my account got put on paperless and I could not figure out how to get the promotion due date.  I called three times and it took 4months to get my paper bill.  By that time I was being charged for some of my purchases and even though it said I had to pay 169 by a certain date and I paid it before it was due I have been paying interest for three months.  So does that mean I have to continue paying interest until the full amount is paid.  I am really frustrated.
I was late on my first payment because I mistakenly thought there were no payments or interest for the first 6 month and as long as you paid it off before the 6 months expired you were fine.  Unfortunately that is not the case.  You still have a monthly payment.  The minimum is pretty small (about $25).I accrued a $25 late fee because of my misunderstanding.  Now that I read the terms more carefully I understand what they are saying.  I called the support line, got insistent with the automated system, said &#34;representative&#34; a lot and finally spoke with &#34;Steve&#34; in India (a guess on my part).  He kind of helped me.  Still owe the extra $25.So, be careful.  It is just the interest that is delayed for XX months, not the payments.
As mentioned by numerous posters, it's a wildly convenient service, but watch out.  I must constantly check this account to make sure it is actually posting my payments.  By electronic transfer no less.  My account page will show a credit in the amount of my payment, yet the transfer is still &#34;pending&#34; 5 days later and there has been no debit from the bank I transferred from.In short, don't count on your automatic payments being posted by the due date.
I think Amazon Store card is great. They need to improve on how you pay your bill online. The link is too difficult to get to and make the payment. They make everything else easy to use,this can be made better too. I work on computer all day and I know this can be done. I also pay online for other things and Amazon can do better.
Its great for large purchases but horrible for anything under $500 dollars because of the interest rates that are applied.
Got this card and never approached credit limit.  Always overpaid bill.  I needed a new vehicle and after I got one my credit was lowered on this card citing credit.  But lowering my limit to my balance gave me a maxed out credit score for this card,  when payment was never late overpaid and kept below limit.
Everything is good except auto payments.They keep getting it wrong. I wanted a auto payment of $50.00, they set it at $5.00
Usually, I receive my first bill in approximately one month after my first card use and I have three week to pay it off. Here, I applied for a card on March 15, 2014. Then, I realized on April 14, 2014, that my first due date was on April 10, 2014. I paid off full statement amount immediately, but $25 late payment fee already was included in statement.I would be glad to have my first due date in one and a half month as it was always with other credit cards I have OR to have option don't pay first late payment fee (some borrowers have such a great option).I would give 5 stars, but such an unpleasant occasion in the beginning of the use of this card really upset me.
I'm a consumer who uses credit responsibly.  I bought something using this card and I went to pay the bill.  I paid the statement balance in full, and knowing I had used the card for another (large) purchase, I went to set up regular payments.  That's when I go the message - sorry, you can only perform one on-line payment per day.  Seriously?  This will not become my default way to pay for purchases from Amazon.
So, Amazon...how do I choose to pay with my 'in store' credit card at checkout?  For security reasons, I don't keep it or any other form of payment as an auto-default on my account, but there doesn't appear to be a way to select your in-store card to my payment choices when I want to purchase something--I can only apply for a new account.  Guess I won't be putting a dent in that beefy credit line you gave me after all...
I keep my user names and passwords for various websites in a little notebook, and my Amazon page is practically full because you never recognize my latest password (or the one before that, or the one before that, etc.). So I go through the process of changing it every time, and that gets me in once; I know you're not going to let me use that one again,either.I WAS using nice ones, but lately I've gotten a bit disrespectful:  Ubutth8ads, Is50enufUidiots.Otherwise, I love you.
Every time I log on to check the balance or profile info, I need to go through the entire registration process all over again listing the card number, my personal information and a NEW password. How does this help security? If I were a family member with a bent for theft I could know all the information and simply enter a new password to be able to use the cardThe website was slow and unresponsive. Before I knew it, I'd sent the email twice but had no notice from the site that I had done so.Please work on the these aspects. It will be much better after.
i just finished my first payment plan purchase with amazon.com store card. the purchase was made principally to see what the experience was like paying this account electronically over several months.the reviewers who say &#34;good option but be very careful,&#34; capture my experience perfectly. only through persistence and careful attention to detail was i able to complete the payment plan within term and at my budgetary convenience.here's where the seller (gecrb) can/must improve:1. account access between one's amazon (prime) account and the card account should be seamless. the interface or smoothness of transition between these two company websites should be smooth, uncomplicated, gimmick-free, and TOTALLY obvious. currently it isn't. it took 3 or 4 months (making monthly check-ins each time) before i was finally able to access my gecrb account from the amazon store. the links do not stand out at all.2. after i finally set up both accounts to gain access to both from amazon, it took another lengthy time period (days, weeks) before i could see an accurate account balance at amazon. fortunately, i didn't convert the gecrb account to paperless (electronic only) until i was satisfied that the account balance was accurate.3. finally, as long as customers meet the terms of the agreement, gecrb/amazon should partner to extend the 0%/monthly payments plan to current users rather than using it mainly as a new account promotion.4. i have NOT tried paying on two or more purchases made at different times and therefore cannot comment on the allocation of payments over the purchases. this is another area where predatory consumer credit lenders try to take advantage.
Everything was going fine until they pulled a payment out of the wrong checking account.  I purchased some items for my company and was going to make a payment out of my business account to cover the cost.  Prior to this I was only using one checking account to make payments.  I did the process online entering my information, I received a confirmation that the payment had been received.  I looked today to see that the payment had been removed from my personal account causing an overdraft.  When I called to clarify it I was told that I should never have more than one account associated with this card because the computer will pull the payment from where it chooses.  Refunds can only mailed out, not directly deposited back into the account in question.
Well I just applied and was approved and the first item I ordered, it won't let me ship to a friend as a gift.
I'm cancelling my card after I pay my balance off; thought i had available credit but when I checked and called Amazon; the lady said they took my available credit to pay off the balance as I am making minimum payments? not in the fine print because I did check. Thanks amazon but no thanks.....
I only gave three stars because I used to love this card. I took advantage of the 6 months free financing when purchasing a Samsung tablet and was able to make my payments automatically on time each month. Paid purchase off in full and it was fine. However, when I started using it for other purchases they started charging large interest amounts. Aside from that, all of a sudden my payment date was considered &#34;late&#34; by new company name &#34;Synchrony Bank.&#34; Called to get to the bottom of the issue and they were RUDE and unhelpful for the most part. I guess it was my fault for not checking my statements each month but since I had an auto pay set up for OVER a YEAR on the same day of the month which always worked out for me, I did not think to always check it always. I generally knew what purchases I had made and the amount I was paying on each month. Well after THREE months of the company considering my auto pay &#34;late&#34; I finally received an email notifying me...after three late fees were already given! Called to have them reversed and had to talk to three different customer service reps. One of whom actually told me &#34;Why would we waste our time calling our customers to notify them of a late payment fee when they can clearly just look at their emailed monthly statements?&#34; Well needless to say it left a bad taste in my mouth. DI do NOT recommend this card for the unfriendly, rude customer service and ridiculous &#34;policies.&#34;
I don't want the credit card. How to return it and pay with check? I haven't found a way to communicate with you guys. Help!
FINE. BUT DON'T SUPPORT CREDIT-KARMA YOU CAN'T SYNC YOUR ACCOUNT TO THEIR CARD!
I was late on 2 payments because I lost my job. My limit was dropped $300 because of this even though when I finally landed a job, I made HUGE payments to pay back what I owed. Haven't missed a payment since. I called to see if they could raise my limit back to what it was before and they put in an official request to raise limit, dinging my credit score further. I didn't think that was fair at all.Besides that, what is more useful than an Amazon Store Card? Amazon literally sells everything except babies and dogs, lol. I love having a store card. It just sucks that I cannot utilize it like I intended to because of the events that transpired after I lost my job.
there is no link on amazon.com to make a payment so if you have to do a song and dance to get to the right website. this sucks! why not make it easier to make a payment.
I got this card to make a large single purchase and get 6 month financing on it.  It was easy to apply and easy to use since the card is automatically added to your payment options.  You don't even have to receive the card by mail to start using it.  But like so many others and as I write this review I'm still trying to find the links to make the first payment on the card! This is something both Amazon and GE Capital should work on in the very near future.
I am not happy with the additional charges for paying over the phone.  We spend a great deal of money with your company. The phone fees of 10 dollars for paying over the phone is totally not acceptable. We should be able to pay with our debit card without being charged extra fees. The automated system only allows you to pay by check and some of us do not have checking accounts.
I got this card for my Christmas shopping and the few times when I need a item and its just quicker to order it then driving a hour or more to buy it. I have been paying my bill on time and more then the minimum due amount. I was getting it paid off and then out of the blue they dropped my credit limit, Which has messed up my credit score. Not happy at all they need a better system.
Most credit cards have a due date on the statement for your next payment. Where is it on this one?
I made a payment 2 weeks ago (3/1/2013) and it still is not reflected in the Avail. Credit field. Which makes no sense for 2 reason.1. It's been TWO weeks! How long does it take the system to process a payment?2. I email cust. serv. for an answer and only received a vvague response. NOw i had to write them again asking the same question and adding: " please be specific."
While io totally enjoy the ease and security of shopping using my amazon store card, I do find the online payment center to pay your bill not easily accessible therefore making it not user friendly.  Even the phone system was difficult to get to a live person.  Once I finally got through to a live person, service was pleasant and efficient.
I would prefer to use debit card as first choice of payment and use Amazon card as a second method please.
I have been an amazon customer for years over 15 years but only recently obtained the store card.  I'm a little surprised because of my years of success ordering through Amazon that I've experienced a few gliches in my orders using my store card.  In the beginning I had a great deal of problems accessing my account on line, recently I had problems ordering products and an entire order was cancelled because payment throught the store card declined it although I had credit on the card.  I attribute that to GE Bank, a bank I am aware of and not truly happy with their practices.  Amazon as a company is excellent and has alway provided prompt and accurate delivery, this is a reason I have been a Prime member close to 5 years.  Amazon gets continued kudos for the professionalism.... I'm not sold on the store card especially with the very high interest rate.  I'm thinking to go back to ordering and using my own card.
Great idea.....but!Twice I had issues with being refused credit because of tech errorsbeyond my control and found it necessary to write repeat messagesbefore my account was reinstated. Otherwise I enjoy the serviceprovided.
I am a"new" user with this card, I understand rules that come with any card, the problem I am having is the billing,  I want to know where they get each price.  I download digital books for my Kindle and usually do not pay more than .99C.  I will call and find out how to do this.I like having a card that is not hooked on my checking account and believe once I get used to it will enjoy it even more.
To make a payment on your Amazon.com Store Card, go to http://www/gecrb.com/amazon. I know it's difficult but once you get it, it's simple from then on out. Hope this helps.
Up to this point I have enjoyed my experience with my Amazon Store card. Silly me though, I paid my account 2 days before the last statement date closed. I paid $300 when my minimum payment was $57. I was charged a late fee for the next month because I didn't pay. Any idiot could see that I paid twice in July for a total of $500. Still it is all my fault so I will just suck up the $25 late fee and make sure I pay my bill in full from now on.
I have enjoyed using my Amazon Store Card over the last three years; however, several months ago, I went to make a purchase and was declined.  Odd, considering I pay my card in full every two or three months.  I check my balance, to find that they have lowered my credit limit, with no forewarning or advice to me.  I messaged, to hear that &#34;upon review of my credit rating, my credit limit has been reduced (in half!)&#34;.  I found that to be an insult, as I said, I pay my balance in full every month or two, and keep my card current.  Had I been late every month, or paid only minimum payments, I could understand this, but I have been very stable and proactive on my card, so as to keep the card in good standing. (This &#34;reduction&#34; occurred right before Christmas..very inconvenient.).  So, watch out...you may come under review, and if your credit is less than stellar, don't be surprised to find you have less to spend than you thought....
I have gone in several times and did the cancel process.  However, it continues to show up as waiting to be shipped.
everything with amazon has been great except when I was late for a payment. I called and talked to a rep.  telling them that I would be late with a payment. The rep was very nice about it and told me to call in the day I could make the payment and that there wouldn't be a late charge that way. After reviewing my account however I find that I am being charged a late fee of 25.00. Now I don't think it is fair to tell me one thing and then do another. As far as my experience with amazon it has been very good with the exeption of this 1 thing.
I never had any problem with AMAZON/GE card I give them 5 stars to that subject , my payment been posted days b4 my due date and they increases my credit within 2 months . If my minimum is $25  I always gave them #150.00 specially i had over $400 purchases. My problem with them WAS the FREE shipping for the purchase of $25.00 . Some items i bought is less than that , but what i did , i doubled the items instead and guess what AMAZON still charging me the H n S ... i don't get and i don't like it ... period . If i can rate them as ZERO ... YES I will .
The onscreen text did not work after 30 minutes of trying to register and getting error messages. (I gave it 0 stars).I finally got got connected with a human operator who guided me succesfully through a different registation process that did work. The 3 stars are all for her.
The card and it's use are fine. However I did not sign up for the Card Security Protection from GE. It is galling that I have to call a separate number to cancel a benefit that I did not want. $1.66 per $100 is really expensive. When did we get away from having to opt in for a benefit, rather than to opt out of a benefit?
I think the Amazon Store Card is great and is very efficient.  I had to knock 2 stars off because it is very difficult to get it to automatically update into Quicken.  That is the only thing I would like them to do better.  It does say in the FAQ that it will download into quicken, but I am not sure how ... Or how to get it into Excel.
The Amazon store card is very convenient if you use it for the interest only purchases and you make each and every payment on time and every time. You miss 1 payment or you are 1 day late and they will start accruing interest on that purchase. The worst part is that if you have more than one promotion (they put each purchase on as a separate promotion sometimes) you can't just pay that part off!  You have to pay everything off to stop the interest from further accrual. Plus that late fee they charged you is also added to the balance which will accumulate interest.  So be sure, like everyone else said, to pay every payment on time each and every month!!  You can call Customer Service and sometimes they will be helpful but most often they are foreign and there is a language gap and it's difficult to understand them.
I wish an email reminder was sent to you a few days before your bill is due!  Sure would help to avoid the late fees!  I have had this happen to me twice and it is very annoying. Just two days late, and BAM!  Late Fee of $25.00!My fault, I know; but I think 2 days is a little extreme to have a late charge of that amount!
$79.00 WERE DEDUCTED FROM MY CHECKING ACCNT FOR AMAZON PRIME MEMBERSHIP. I'D SIGNED UP FOR A 30 DAY TRIAL AND EXPECTED TO HAVE AT LEAST RECEIVED A NOTICE WHEN THE 30 DAYS WERE ABOUT TO EXPIRE - I DID NOT - AND THE UNEXPECTED $79.00 DEDUCTION THREW MY CHECKING ACCOUNT BALANCE OFF RESULTING IN RETURNED PAYMENTS & CHECKS THAT HAVE COST ME $76.00 IN FEES THUS FAR! PLEASE CANCEL MY AMAZON PRIME MEMBERSHIP AT ONCE & REPAY THE $79.00 ANNUAL FEE AS WELL AS THE $76.00 INCURRED IN RETURNED ITEM FEES.THANK YOU. MR. GLENN FOGLEY*ALSO*WHY HAVE I NOT RECEIVED A PAPER STATEMENT? AND WHY AM I UNABLE TO VIEW MY STATEMENT ONLINE?OTHERWISE I LOVE SHOPPING THROUGH YOU.
I buy a lot of merchandise from GE pay my bill on time every month so it great, what I don't like is they never offer you a credit increase or give one out. I know I have plenty of credit but I would spend more at Amazon if they offered more. They're not like Fingerhut where I pay the same but have a $2000.00 limit. Therefore Fingerhut gets more of my business and Amazon gets less. Now I will meet my six month deadline. So far I ave ordered five Lifesmart heaters from Amazon this year and they work well and save on my electric bill.
Initially, I would only give a rating of two stars, but I am not 100% at the &#34;do not like it&#34;  level yet. I contacted Amazon in December 2013, informing them that I had misplaced my Amazon store credit card and requested they either provide me with my 16-digit account number (which I understand they would not over the phone, as I may not be who I say I am), or just send me a replacement card. The Amazon rep asked, what I assumed were a few personal questions to make sure I was the actual credit card owner, which I passed (or so I was led to believe), and was told that a replacement card would be sent in the mail. I have not seen my replacement card yet! This is very frustrating as I previously had nothing bad to say about Amazon and their service, but this is rediculous!  I have no way of placing orders using my Amazon card as it requires all the 16-digit numbers, which I do not remember.
I HAVE HAD NUMEROUS TROUBLES IN TRYING TO ACCESS MY ACCOUNT ONLINE.  I WOULD HESITATE TO STOP THE PAPER STATEMENTS DUE TO MY INABILITY TO ACCESS MY ACCOUNT ONLINE.
Here are the problems I have with this card:They send you a PAPER card which deteriorates over time - especially if it gets wet.Their password reset requires your account number, despite answering any security questions correctly, which is on the paper card that deteriorates.The password system doesn't allow special characters like exclamation points, which I include in some parts of all of my passwords which are different on every site but follow a 'key' I use, so of course if I am out of town and go to pay the bill I forget the password... which I then need to reset, which I can't cause the paper card has deteriorated that had the account number so I then learn that... If you are even one minute late making a payment you get a $25.00 late fee, does't matter if you were trying to reset your password, or trying to find their phone number which isn't listed anywhere on their FAQ or login page (have to search Amazon forums for it) or navigating the robot automated system trying to get to a human when finally able to call, when the EASTERN STANDARD TIME changes to midnight.No grace period on payment (not even for a few minutes late). My credit union has a 10 day grave period. Ill stick with them in the future.Here are the things I like about the card:Great 1 year no interest plans.Doesn't cancel 'no interest' if get charged a late fee (see above...), many credit card plans will revoke the no interest plan if you have a late payment and charge interest from the beginning.Online payments do post immediately, just don't be a second late.
I could switch to different cards before but since I used the Discover card there is no more options for me to switch credit card or using the Amazon card that I already have - I rather buy directly from the manufacturer, same price and also free shipping.  Over $2000 item will be much easier to pay in more than one month.
I found it difficult to find the payment page for my store card. It would be better if you place &#34;Pay My Bill&#34; or something similar on the account page. If I missed it and you already do this then please train me. Thanks
I received a new &#34;Store&#34; card and an offer for e-billing. I was so happy because this bill is hard to remember to pay. (I previously set it up on my calendar to check the date and amount.) E-billing could now come to my email account and I could set up the payments without worry. I logged into my account and it states &#34;E-billing not available for this account.&#34; WTF? Amazon will take my debit card for anything I purchase and although I understand that the finance company is not owned by Amazon, there should be some other form of payment besides a bank draft. Also, since the finance company has changed, I had to go into my account and re-enter all of my information. We are in the process of moving and rarely use our checkbook and it was packed with other office supplies in our storage unit. Fortunately, I was able to get my routing and account numbers from my on-line banking. What a pain in the tush!
Works like any other credit card but nice to have another one for more debit, Enjoy looking for products and items.
I ditto the previous comments as follows:The complaints here are mostly out of sheer lack of responsibility on the customers side.They didnt email you to "remind" you to pay? Come on. They're not your mother.They charged you interest and late fees?! Because you were...late on a payment?! How dare they!Come on people, get with it. Step it up, pay on time, no problems. But I give it 3 stars because of its awful interest rate (it can be avoided, but still) and the customer service is terrible. Poorly scripted and sometimes very hard to understand the accents of the obvious Indian representative on the other side of the phone line.Beware though, this card/bank in particular gives NO leeway. Do not expect delayed interest charges just because 'it was only one day'
When you make a payment on the account it takes for ever for them to receive and then to apply it to the account. I have made 3 large payments before the first payment was even due and 1 is still pending??  Not sure why it takes so long especially when my bank states they have been paid already, I will def be keeping an OPEN eye on bank statements and this store card acct
I have several promotional balances, and I have noticed they do not always apply payments to those that are expiring first. You have to email them and specifically tell them to do so. They'll respond and tell you it can take up to 20 days so you need to be proactive with it. I'm so glad I caught this before I was hit with deferred interest charges. I print out the promotional part of each statement and cross-reference it, as my amounts seem to change constantly. Very strange, but if you are aware and clearly communicate with them, in writing, then you should be fine.
I'm not sure how everyone is getting lost trying to pay their bill. Sure, you have to go through several pages, but once you're on track it's quite simple. You don't have to go and make an account with GE to pay your bill. You can pay through Amazon's website.1) Sign in to your Amazon account.2) Click the &#34;Your Account&#34; link to the right hand side of the Search area.3) Look at the &#34;Payment&#34; section. Look at the &#34;Payment Methods.&#34; Click &#34;Amazon Credit Cards.&#34;4) Click &#34;Amazon.com Store Card&#34; under the &#34;Already have an Amazon.com Credit Card?&#34; text.5) Enter your email address and click &#34;Secure login.&#34;6) Be sure that the security image shown is the one you chose. Enter your password and click &#34;Secure login.&#34;7) TA DA! You are now at your account where you can make a payment, review transactions, see your balance, and otherwise manage your account.I've had my account for 3 months now and not once have I had a problem finding how to pay my bill.  However.  I do intend to pay off my balance and then never use the card again.  I'm just not a big fan of credit cards.
This is the worst when it comes to paying my bill, i have been trying for the last 30 minutes to pay my bill, there has to be a better way Amazon.
I have had several issues with Amazon, when it comes to supporting the kindle issues, they are superb, when it comes to music downloads, they are great. They ship movies fast, good again.When it comes to credit issues, quite frankly they are terrible, I had some people form India communicating with me that could barley speak English when I was trying to buy my last Kindle Fire, and the amount of the purchase was 12 dollars over the credit line and they refused to release the product. This is after 36 plus months of perfect never missed a payment, payment date or payment amount due, as a matter of fact I over paid every payment.When I ask why the order was refused I was told I extended my credit line, this was my 4th Kindle I was buying, one would think they would wish to retain me as a customer, but no sir, 12 dollars is 12 dollars and if I made a 100 dollar payment that would take 3 weeks to credit on my account (Christmas was 2 weeks away) they would be happy to ship the newest kindle Christmas present after Christmas.I informed them do you see how many movies, music and other items I buy all year long (over $1,000 every year)? no sir we cannot see that side, we just want the 12 dollars paid.So I paid for the order cash out of my account, had it shipped in time for Christmas and paid the 12 dollars plus a extra 100 on top of that for the bill due.To me customer service IN THE US, not India,  they speak English and can access your entire account history, this is what it is all about and some one saying hey Mr. faithful customer, we will extend your credit by 12 dollars and ship the Christmas present. Since then I have cut my movie, books and music down to a tiny small trickle of what it used to be.
I love to pay on time, so I set up auto-repay anytime I can. However, the Auto Pay system here is a Fail and the website can be misleading. BUYER BEWARE The good news is the customer service was excellent on both occasions I experienced difficultly. For that reason alone I will continue to hold the card as it is convenient for the occasional amazon purchase. Good service is hard to find, so they are a keeper.Scenario #1-I made the first payment on the card and set up auto-repay immediately, the bad news is there was a transposed number in the checking#(completely my error). After the first auto date, I noticed the funds had not been withdrawn from checking so I logging in and the system stated the payment was posted. I wrongly assumed it just needed more time to reflect on my account. I also called in to be sure and was assured everything was ok. I checked a second time only to find a late fee had been posted on my account, very confusing as the summery still said the payment was posted. When I called in, the error was detected, the late fee removed and they walked me through correcting the number. Apology given for my error and apology accepted for them not catching that on the first call. The bad news is that was not the end of the story.Scenario #2- knowing things had gone wrong before, I was carefully monitoring the situation. As soon as the due date passed and no funds were showing debited on my checking I logged in again, this time no payment showed posted and the late fee was imposed again. What gives! I immediately called and was informed that during the last transaction I should have re enrolled for auto pay. Unfortunately the first representative led me to believe this was done, possibly not her fault and she had done everything else correctly and kindly. GE removed the late fee again and I simply paid off the card. I can't afford bad credit, late fees or the time to babysit a seemingly simple process. I was instructed to set up the auto-pay information when I made the payoff to avoid this in the future. Good advise, but I will still monitor this carefully in the future.
The complaints here are mostly out of sheer lack of responsibility on the customers side.They didnt email you to "remind" you to pay? Come on. They're not your mother.They charged you interest and late fees?! Because you were...late on a payment?! How dare they!Come on people, get with it. Step it up, pay on time, no problems. But I give it 3 stars because of its awful interest rate (it can be avoided, but still) and the customer service is terrible. Poorly scripted and sometimes very hard to understand the accents of the obvious Indian representative on the other side of the phone line.Beware though, this card/bank in particular gives NO leeway. Do not expect delayed interest charges just because 'it was only one day' or 'I paid at 5:01 PM on the due date'. They will get you the first second they can.I would NOT recommend this card to a passive college student, nor would I recommend buying multiple (big) items for financing plans. You might screw yourself up!
I know it is my problem to keep up with my own bills, but I would like it if the reminders and pay dates were consistent.  One month its the 19th, next month the 15th, with a late fee when I pay on the 18th.  No grace period.  Nothing.  Just an unapologetic 'you owe 25 more.'I expect more from GE, my other card with them: no problems.  Statements on time.  Same due date.  Just like you would expect.Come on guys, get your act together.I am only giving it 3 stars because it is partially my fault.
Haven't had any problems using the card or paying... We buy a lot of Kindle content, books, apps, more books, etc. and when you look online at the detailed transactions, you have no easy way of telling what the transaction is for. Only a "reference number" is listed on the transaction, so in order to know what the transaction is you have to take the 17 digit reference number, go to your Amazon account, and find it there to see what it was for.It would be much easier and much more secure if gemoney would list the title or description of the purchase.  The paper statement has the reference number also, but no description other than "Amazon Services - Kindle BOOQT" (BOOQT is the file name for the book!!).  Did I make the purchase or not???  Too much trouble to verify purchases are not fraudulent.Would be 5 stars, except for that...  I would think with identity theft and fraudulent credit card purchases being as prevalent as they are today, GEMoney would want to do everything they could the prevent problems, especially a change as simple as putting a title or description on the transaction.
I have used this card before. with no problems, on the order that I made on 5/5/14 I got a message that said I needed torevise my payment information, I checked the checked the information, it the same that it has always been.I connected Amazon, they don't seem to be able to fix the problem. I'am real close to canceling my Account.
Could you please make available to your customers a list of items purchased on the statement.  Just listing the date of the transaction and the location of Seattle is absolutely no help at all and at the very least is a huge inconvenience.  I would like to see on the statement exactly what I am paying for.  That is standard procedure for doing business in all countries of the world and certainly Amazon has an obligation to adhere to those business practices.  Thank you
I love Amazon and I have been dealing with them for years. Recently got an Amazon store card. I have gotten no statement yet and don't have all of the account information. I want to view my account and keep track of when payments are due. No matter what I try, it runs me in circles trying to log in to account. Am getting very frustrated. Customer service tells me I am already registered and when I enter username it gives me crap and the same with password. Even the account number. I WANT HELP!!!!!
The deferred payment feature is a great benefit but it is very difficult to calculate the amount required to pay to avoid interest charges when many purchases are made and deferred payments are involved. Bill me later gives a minimum payment amount required to avoid interest charges taking into consideration current non deferred and current deferred billing. This makes making payments much easier. I wish Amazon would do the same.
This is a pretty straight forward way to  build credit. I bought a big ticket item in order to take advantage of the 0% interest rates for 6 months. Just pay your bill before the due date and you should be fine.
I used this card to buy somethings some days ago, and now I received a bill that states that some fees were charged. You know, it is hard to find the online bank for this card, so I did not pay it online when I bought those items and just wait the mailed paper bill. I do not like the fees and I do not know why it charged fees. So I will pay it off at my next purchase or I will never use this card again. I do not think it is convenient.
I would like the option to use another method to buy books for my Kindle instead of having it automatically charge to my Amazon card.  If I pay off my balance, I do not want to have to make payments for a few dollars because I bought an ebook.
EVERy time I go online to view my account or place an order, I have to change my password.  Very frustrating and time consuming.
Your online payment stinks. I have had to change password several times. I put in  right one and it always says it is wrong. Have spent 30 mins trying to make a payment!
Customer service was very helpful, but why can't you make the site more user friendly. I understand you have to protect against hackers, but it took me almost an hour to figure out how to make the payment. It would be nice if we could schedule months payment automatically so there was no need to reenter the site.
I have bought eight interest deferred items with this card with as many as 5 running concurrently. I have never paid a cent in interest as the statements tell you precisely how much you need to pay to avoid interest.  Also the plan end dates are all the same day of the month and may or may not come before or after your min payment due date ( which has nothing to do with the money due on your plan and that plan's due date.)  Therefore being careful and understanding the rules of the game, and it is a game, I have no qualms using these interest deferred plans.  I have saved many hundreds in interest.That said the truth of the matter is the credit increases are slow in coming.  And I have only gotten two over the last 2 years( LC now 3800).  I  know that sounds like an adequate number however they were small increases to begin with; and my limit with this, my second oldest card, is thousands less than the Walmart Discover(10K  cl) I have (also managed by GE) .I have bank cards at over 6400 (Citi - three cards with citi (6500,2800,2900)), Two AMEX (Everyday BLUE and FNBOmaha tot $7000).The issue I have with GE is that they hold back the increases on cards that you use and free flow the increases on those you don't use as often. Makes no sense to me as you are penalizing the card holder in utilization percentage.But I will keep the card and use it on their dime. Fine with me.
I did not receive an email stating the amount due on 3/10/14.  At least, I cannot find one.  I was guessing that payment must be due soon and when I went to check I found out it was due on the 10th.  How can I receive alerts?
I ordered 3 items last night.  The first one I could not use my Amazon card, and had to use a personal check.  I have a 10.00 coupon and every time I tried to use it, I got the message that it was invalid. Not happy that I cannot get the 10.00 credit
If you pay off your CC every month, putting all your Amazon purchases on this card saves you 5% (or if you're in a high sales tax state, kind of credits you for most of your sales tax).  The GE Capital customer service people, somewhere near China, are typically horrible and clueless, so be warned.  To get basic information about the card that was not provided on the Amazon webpage, I was bounced back between GEC and Amazon until I finally wrote an Email to Bezos's office which got me the information i wanted.  Since then, I've tried to move my due date with GEC to no avail.  However, since you can appeal any charge directly through Amazon, you should be fine.
Just a note that payment due email statements are emailed using a different email heading than your posted payment email heading.One email heading is from 'Amazon store card' and the other is from 'GE Store card'. If you sort your email by name, you will see it.I mention this as I missed the last two email statements because they were posted under 'GE Store card' email heading vs the 'Amazon Store card' heading.Otherwise, good card to have as you have six months to pay off a purchase without accruing interest.
I love Amazon! I got this card to make it easier to pay for my multitude of purchases through this awesome website however when I had a glitch with my online banking two months in a row I got slammed with two $35 dollar late fees, they forgave the first and although my bank said they had the check for the second they would not refund the second. I am going to have to rethink how I pay this card. Paying this bill separately will be just one more thing to add to my list...too bad because this is such a convenient way to pay for all my Amazon shopping. I may have to just switch back to a regular credit card for my purchases...
Since they haven't allowed support from Mint.com, it makes my entire financial planning with this card highly inconvenient....I hope this changes.
I wish I was able to download the information into Quicken like I can for all my other credit cards.
I got the card, made the purchase, but when I went to register online it said I got my birthday wrong ? Really ? I just paid it off on the phone. Still can't register and I am not going through a half hour of customer service phone choices to fix it. This will be one of those cards that never gets used.
I have gone over all the information and still can't figuire out how to view Prime on my TV.  I can't find a help phone number to get help and to make matters worse, I get e-mails wanting to know why I'm not taking advantages of all the movies available.  I'd like to know what i'm getting before I start paying for it.Could somebody call me and get me straightened out?Thank you,  Jerry C Kendrick,  jbkendrick34@yahoo.com
I am able to use the card with ease, but I have to wait until the 20th of every month for my payment to post even if I paid it way in advance. It then takes EVEN LONGER for it to come out of my bank account. Why does it take so long? I would really like to be able to predict when the money would be taken out to be sure that the amount is available.
I was pretty excited about getting the card . We just moved into a new house and we needed quite a few things. I buy a lot on amazon. After reading others reviews I'm quite worried about having the card. It seems a lot of customers have problems. Hope its not true.Jessica :[
i like shopping but i also make my payments on time never late always early i asked for a credit increase but i got a text on my statement no credit increase don't understand. why.
How do I turn off recuring payments.  I have a credit and don't want to keep paying until I buy something else.
LOVE the ability to use our Amazon account card, but it is really hard trying to navigate on Amazon just to find the balance or make a simple payment. Forget using the app to find your balance or make a payment. This needs improvement!!!
I have received three email requests for this information and have tried to provide it each time with apparently no results.  Can anyone help me?  I want to use the Amazon Store Card like I have in the past.
Need to know how to pay off the acct, w/o using the amazon store card.  Did not want any cards.  Was trying to get the amazon visa rewards card, but that did not happen.  Just want to get rid of the card and pay off acct,
Why is it so hard for me to find a simple way to make an online payment through by Visa card or my Amazon card?  I can't find an onlike balance anywhere on the internet as far as I could find.  HOwever, I did get a mailed statement with the new balance.  This should be the know-brainer on you account information.  Please resond. And now I find when I am trying to send this, there is no simple send command.  It probably will just sit here forever.
I was surprised when I got a late fee when I never got a notice that the payment date was due. I had requested to be sent email notices of due dates, but Amazon never sent anything. So, I spoke to the bank and they agreed that this was a problem with Amazon's alert program - they often just don't notify you - SO KEEP UP ON THE DUE DATE on your own - because Amazon won't tell you. The bank took off the late fee for me.Another thing, if you do use the wrong log-in word . . they request you put in the account number. The account number is not shown on your statements, so be sure to keep it somewhere so you can get into the account. It's also hard to find the Store Card on the Amazon site, so make a bookmark so you can find the link so you can pay the card so you can stay up on the account. They try to hide everything from you, the user, it seems. But, one thing that is good . .  the statements show exactly what you bought on Amazon so if you have the charge like on another card that just says Amazon, at least the Store Card shows what book or item you bought. I find this helpful in categorizing my purchases at the end of the month.
The zero (0) Interest promotional periods are interesting, but you do have to actively manage your account to ensure you do make the monthly minimum payment on-time, otherwise you get hit with a hefty penalty fee (exceeding the interest being saved).Also, the promotional periods are over-lapping and have different expiration dates, and if you let that last date go by without paying off 100%, you have a LOT of back interest (deferred) that will go straight into the unpaid balance.The part that needs improvement for me is the pre-scheduled payments system - all my other cards have a simple option (automatically deduct $xxx from my payment account when or before it's due).  The Amazon Store card only offers specific date scheduling and each month must be posted and scheduled separately. And you have to keep track of when that due date is each month - because it may change, and then you might find yourself paying late for an automatic payment.
Disappointed because 1. it took me a while to find out how to pay. 2. Didn't really like how they are always trying to get me to go paperless, so that I would perhaps forget to pay and jack up the rates. 3. Customer service is in some foreign place and I couldn't understand a single word they said.  I don't think this card is worth keeping, but who knows it might be okay.
Amazon is a great store they need to cut ties with GE Capital BankingI have notice that Walmart use GE Capital Banking TooThis is the problem, it's with GE Capital Banking you can never find a login to pay your billI think the reason for this that GE Capital wants you to lose interest after looking for about 10 minutesand then forget to pay your bill, then GE Capital charges you with late fees, that's how GE Capitalmakes there money it's underhanded
I Have a credit line available, but it won't let me use it on my orders.  It keeps declining my orders, even with no amount due.  Would like to know why!
I only use this card on bigger purchases, but I had to select my normal CC multiple times as my default card to charge to.  It sucks to pay a late fee on $4 worth of MP3s because you thought it charged to a different card.Like other stated there are no real alerts that you have a charge or that your bill is due, unless you turn them on in your account.  If you take the time to set up the account then this card is good.  But don't take for granted that all the alerts are turned on by default.Easiest thing is to go to account services tab and set all the alerts you want when you first open the account.
hopeful there will be no problems with GECRB.  I will be watching this very carefully and I suggest others do the same.  On the other hand it is nice to go to Amazon.com and take advantage of great offers
If you are to Block my account, do not use my Amazon Credit Card #4792. When I use this card it is always declined even when myaccount is available. You have missed sending me a statement again. Last time you have missed 10 months sending me astatement. Please correct that or inform me why are you doing this.Gaby Koo
I got the card was ez to set up and ready to go in just a few minutes. The only down side is that it does not support mint.com"Unfortunately, Amazon.com Store Card - GE Capital Retail Bank is not supported.Please contact Amazon.com Store Card - GE Capital Retail Bank and ask them to support Mint.com."Please suport mint.com for a 5 star review
Took me DAYS to find this information since I do everything online and don't get paper statements,I could not find what my credit card number WAS so therefore couldn't get logged in to pay it off !A suggestion to Amazon, make it easy on your customers to USE the card and don't make it so difficult to find how to make payments!OR, is that the intent ? to make more people late for their payments by making it so hard to locate ???NICE, NICE !
Card is great, so long as you pay the balance before the steep 25.99% interest kicks in.  At that rate of interest, you can quickly dig yourself into a hole you can't get out of, so don't be late with a payment, and before purchasing, be sure you'll be able to pay before the interest kicks in.I want to point out to the administrator of the Amazon.com Store Card website, "logout" has a "t" on the end in my dictionary.  On the top of my screen, I see "Logou" on the blue bar to the right of "Contact Us".
When I opted for recurring payments, GE's system failed to automatically deduct the amount requested, but did charge me a $25 late fee and interest.  Am on hold right now as I try to resolve this.
received cash incentive for applying for store card,and was honored right away,only thing with gecapital/money they sent me a nick pickin letter within 29 days telling me to do or they will,I do not need this card or them,been doing fine for BI(Before Internet)without it,You only get one time at bat,Next time card will be canceled,this is a reflection on Amazon for they are the ones using gecapital/money to manage this card,notice who gets the lower case credit.I do like Amazon,they should monitor who represents them.
Quite simply, the close competitor has enabled me to make worldwide purchases with it's store card.Although i repeatedly asked amazon about it, , my amazon store card  remains unusable except for amazon .com purchases..To amazon's credit, i still order as frequently from amazon.fr amazon.de, & amazon.co.uk because price and shipping is less exspensive than it's close compettitor..
The card is good to use when you first get it but they slap you  with late fees as quickly as they  can when the promotional period runs out. Convenient and easy to use but the interest rate and fees are high.
They do not give you any number to contact a human to make sure the dispute form that you filled out and sent to them was even received. I have not acknowledgement that they received it and if they are reviewing it and it has been over a week since it was sent via fax. Also if you don't save the login website to your favorites it is difficult to find where you can make a payment. There should be a link from your Amazon account to make your payment.
I have had this credit line for a while now. I love Amazon in general but they should have better financing options, even Bill Me Later is better than this. I don't refer to this as a credit card because you can only use it on Amazon purchases, but instead call it a line of credit, which it is. The no interest aspect is particular helpful when purchasing something that you know that you can afford but cannot part with the money all at once, and thus you can pay it off in payments. Which I used for a tablet. I have vigilantly paid on this line of credit every two weeks, however in all of the rush of moving I missed one payment and unlike other credit card companies I did not automatically receive a text message or even an email reminding me that my bill was coming due. My cell phone company, Chase credit card and even Bill Me Later send me some form of message via my phone or email to remind me at least 10 days before hand. I was very disappointed to have not received any notice from this particular credit company. And thus after 20 painful minutes of navigating the very horribly designed website I finally was able to manually add and request for a reminder to be sent to both my phone via text and my email, at least 10 days in advance. It's a shame that I have had to pay a late fee due to a lack of decent and needed customer service from this credit line. I will be glad when I have paid off this line of credit entirely and close this account. I think I will just be sticking to Bill Me Later for any and all future purchases, at least with that you can use it on multiple websites such as Ebay, Etsy,  the Apple Store, and various laptop storefronts!
The interests are very high but there some promos where you pay no interest within a year.How ever it's a good service
make sure you know about how the deferred interest works. Make sure you pay your deferred interest purchase off by the 6 or 12 month mark. Otherwise all the interest get added on.I'm bummed because my payment got there a day late and I was charged the late fee and it wouldn't be reversed. But rules are rules.
I suppose it works for what it is.  I sort of wish it was an actual card and not some piece of paper that I have to worry about damaging.  I also wish I could make payments on this account with my debit or credit card (As far as I can tell the only form of payment accepted is via online checking account).It would also be nice if they could combine the benefits of both the rewards card and the store card for members who have both.But it will do what it's intended to do.  You can basically pre-purchase items and pay for them later.  Not bad when you live in a seasonal/tourist area such as mine when the money only roles in 6 months out of the year.
If I make a payment to this card so I can make a purchase it shouldn't take 2 days to post.
Amazon's store card offered me a line of credit when few others would.  For that I am thankful.  With the ease of shopping with it, I doubt I will ever get rid of it.  However I would definitely use it more if the interest rate was substantially lower.
This is a very nice card but be careful as your not told about a balance until it is late.  They will wait until you get a late charge then let you know.  Other than this I haven't seen any other issue.
This is a convenient card to have when you need to make a purchase, but for me it seems that as I pay down my card my credit limit follows. About every two or three months I lose $50. If I were to miss a payment I would overdraft.So 3 stars from me for convenience. no more. If amazon wanted me to buy things with it they (Maybe GE) would keep my limit where it is. But oh well. It is what it is.
My bank showed it made the online payment 3 days ago, yet the store card still says &#34;pending.&#34; It's delayed another purchase. Might be Amazon's lost, as I will continue comparison shopping.
For a meazly $700 credit line in good standing for 3 months gets bumped down to $400. In my 18 years of having credit up to $20,000 limit on a few cards, there nas never been something like this that has happened to me . GE bank is responsible for this? I already know how amazon operates  (there business model, there like chinese labor in america, frugal, making the most out the least, thats great for amazon, what about the employees, who wouldnt want to work at amazon, if they behave internally like a non profit. Its not like im going to stop using them, but i will close the silly card when i pay it off. it doesnt do anythign but another thing to manage. i sometimes wonder is it really that much of arisk for extra 300 credit line. I have zero understanding, i was not overlimit, missed a payment, late payment, decault, you name all the negative things that can happen with credit line/card, i did not do any of those. Nice amazon has invented a future credit pattern predictor, can i buy one? yes im slightly irritated, and frankly if they wanted to extend it as courtesy, no thanks, you have shown your true character. Im not sure i dig the work culture. or mission. Sure i like the best price, but at what cost?
Paperless is great, however, if I miss a payment or get close to my limit or god forbid try to go over it you don't work with me. You just say we can't help at this time. The convenience of the card and paperless are a great option, but you should still communicate better with the customer. Very disappointing.
I received the statement but it doesn't go into detail on what I am paying for.  So I went online to find out and again it doesn't say what video I supposedly watched or have to pay for.  Would like to know before paying the balance.
I received an email stating that my account was past due and a late fee would be charged.  When I checked my account, the balance is $0.00!  Can you tell me why I'm getting a past due email???  Makes no sense to me.
The main complaint that I have about going paperless for my Amazon Store Card is that I was not notified via my e-mail, as I was supposed to be as to when my monthly payment was due.  Thus when I tried to purchase a great deal on Amazon my order was denied and I missed out on the deal, due to my payment being late.  I am never ever late on a payment on anything.  But since they did not notify me that my payment was due, I made it late.  I feel that this is unfair!  People get so busy now days, without a notice to remind them that a payment is due, they tend to forget.  So now I am going to go back to receiving a payment notice in the mail, which is such a waste of paper if they would just notify me as they are supposed to do via e-mail.  So warning...don't go paperless if you expect to be notified of payment due.
Today I encountered  the worst phone  system I have ever dealt with.  I had to repeat the same info  over & over , then punch it in on my phone, & it still did not go through. !!!  I tried more than 6 times before I was able to talk with a Customer Service rep.  She was helpful, but I had to ask her to repeat  her questions because  she talked too fast & with her Indian accent she was hard to understand.GECapital  needs to get a better phone system.
So I've had my card for about a year now and my biggest complaint is that making payments is just a pain. You have to pay with your checking account or debit card, but you can only pay with your debit card if you call in and there is a $10 or $15 fee to pay this way. Paying by check does not immediately take the funds out of my account, which is what I would like to happen. It would also be nice to be able to make a payment with another credit card in the event I need to do that, but that is a no go as well. They want you to go paperless, but they don't make it easy. Another thing is my love hate relationship with them making this the default for one click. It would be fine if they didn't make your payments go toward your one-click purchases before they finish off your promotional purchases. They should pay off prior balances first. You can change your default payment though. I haven't had any serious issues with customer service and other than the above mentioned issues, it's an okay card.
I was a customer with Amazon since 2010 and purchased over 500 with the card and was never late in any way, I lost my card in 2013 and asked for a new one, I never received a new card and Amazon canceled my account. I asked why and was sent a note saying i had a bankruptcy , This has been on my credit report since 2004 and i was approved then, i have a 750 credit score now. Amazon does  not look at their customer base and follow through with what they say. Oh well it  is there loss and there sellers loss. I will buy  my girl friends gifts and things for my company through Discover with a 9.9 interest rate.
Service is good but will not allow you to schedule multiple payment for different dates on the same day. You have to keep rescheduling different payment on different days.
did not see the $50 reduction in the new order ....Was supposed to be applied upon ordering.  Why?? how is it applied?
I am not recieving my paperless statements...and was caused to be late on insignificant payment amounts that I would never have missed otherwise. NOT HAPPY! The ease of use for charging purposes is great but I wish I could figure out why I am not getting statements (payment reminders)
I have no problem with the card, most issues have been covered by others. JUST BE SURE YOU PAY OFF THE CHARGE IN THE ALLOTTED TIME PERIOD, BE IT 6 OR 12 MONTHS AND USE THE AUTO PAY OPTION. I highly recommend you don't use this card for small purchases and if you don't pay your balance in full every month.My issues are with this Amazon website, it is flaky. Locks up, times outs and doesn't always accept the correction information. Logging in can be a real pain at times. GECRB own website works much better then this Amazon powered site.
This card is nice for purchase payments, but the terms are expensive.  I charge only what I can payoff every month, and usually send the monthly payment as soon as I receive the statement in the mail.  I also watch the checking account, to make sure the payment is posted quickly.
Love the convenience, HOWEVER, I am signed up for online statements and I NEVER receive a statement. Subsequently I receive plenty of late fees. I receive at least one email daily from amazon, but never my statement and that makes me think that it is a bit of a shaky practice but one hell of a money maker for the company.
All we ever hear, is to make our P/W difficult.  Not being able to enter special characters (  !@#$%^&*()_+  ) is not allowing us to make it hard for someone to figure out.
I had a small balance on my bill this month (.99).  I tried to pay this online, as I have done with all my prior bills.  The online payment method will not accept anything less than $1.00.  So I filled in $1.00 to pay, thinking that the extra .01 would just go onto my account as a credit balance.  No.  I am not allowed to make a payment larger than my balance.  So I called the number listed to make a phone payment.  When it came to the part to say what I wanted to pay, I said .99.  The automated person came back with $99.10.  I tried again and it came back again with $99.10.  I tried to enter *99 and it still came back with $99.10.  I finally hung up when it wanted to transfer me to a representative so I could be charged $10.00 for the assistance.  I called back and just told the auto person I wanted to pay my current balance and that worked.I like having this card and always pay my bill in full but it would be nice if I could pay what my balance is online, no matter what that balance is.  If that's not possible, then at least let me make the $1.00 minimum payment, even though that amount is higher than my balance.
LATE PAYMENTi have done business with many credit cards, and it is insulting to have a late fee when I am paying one day late.  It's further insulting because I am a senior citizen and my social security happens to come on the third Wed of each month and the date varies.  Reluctant  to over draw, I didn't pay until today.  It's further insulting because I have not only spent a lot of money with Amazon but usually pay far more than the minimum due.  This is simply bad business.
I recently applied for and got approved for this card-I however was not able to supply a mailing address because I only get mail at my post office box- I had to give a physical address-therefore I never received an actual card in the mail-also I tried to use my account attached to Amazon for some purchases-I was turned down even though my account is current and had to use another credit card. this situation must be corrected as I will be purchasing Christmas presents again.  again my mailing address is:  Karen Murray  P O Box 1561 Buna, TX 77612  get this corrected for me please-asap.
I cant even think and the site is kicking me out saying I timed out for too long inactivity then I end up having to change my password every time I turn around until I cant even hardley remember what it is!!
The store card's interest rate is the ONLY problem, it is WAY too high, otherwise it's fine. Never had a problem w/ Amazon until I discovered that.
Every time you sign in, immediately it tell you that your session has expired. This should change to allow you to look around to make sure your account is accurate. I had to sign in 3x just to leave this comment.
I really llike thier thimgs but thier peices really shot up after you start adding on things like taxes, shipping, how far it's going etc.....  all in all though I have order from them, just make sure to order more than $50.00 so shipping is free.
Give me a more reasonable interest rate and I will continue to use it. On the other hand, if I would just pay it off as I go, it would work just fine. It is easy.
I have an Amazon.com credit card and am very happy with it.  This month the invoice arrived and I wrote out the check but didn't get it in the mail in time.  So I went to amazon.com to set up a bank account to pay the balance on-line.  I couldn't find anything anywhere.  I called Amazon.  No help.  I tried again.  I was put on hold while the person tried to research my request.  Other credit cards have a very easy way to link bank accounts.  I am very disappointed and will probably stop using this credit card.