First of all I'd like to say I was very pleased with the outcome of this product and it was very easy to use and used daily.
I'm being honest, I had my husband sign up for this card just because I wanted the $75 Amazon gift card. When Discover called to confirm the application, we told them over the phone that we went through Amazon and that we were expecting the $75 gift card. Fast delivery on the card and like they said, after our first purchase we received an email with the gift card redemption code. I copied and pasted the code to Amazon and had my $75. I am writing this review because it seems that this card has gotten a lot of bad reviews about the gift card. I received mine with no hassle.
I was just reading through the fine print about the card. Everything looks good to me there's just something I would like to note for a few people. To qualify for the $75 rewards gift card you must 1)Not be a college student 2) Make a purchase in the first 3 months after applying for the card 3)Have a working email address for them to email you the "gift card". Just thought I would clear those things up so the reviews wouldn't constantly be plugged with disappointed comments on the gift card bit.-Friendly Amazon User
After signing up for it, read less than stellar reviews about Discover/Amazon cash reward offered for choosing Discover card to use on Amazon (then $50), thought I was in for a long, miserable time obtaining the cash reward...NOT SO!  It arrived shortly after my first purchase (as required) and is all spent.  I only needed to enter the code as per instructions provided.  KUDOS to both Discover and Amazon, if the previous reviews were once valid, they are not now.Gave Discover 4 stars rather than 5 because it took a month to receive the card in the mail and activate it...they sent it to never-never-land first time and had to begin again.Love that every service rep I talked to is in the USA!And love that I get cash back with every purchase to purchase yet again...thx
You get a gift card for Amazon when you first sign up but the interest rate is HIGH.
The rewards and email blasts are pretty standard as far as a car goes, like a Macy's card or a Victoria's Secret card. Good rewards and as always amazon has the best products. Paired together its a win win for everyone.
I love this card I can use it to buy my favorite books and anything I would like from amazon and get rewards with it. It is fantastic!
love this card easy to shop and pay system is easy.  I am new to amazon and hope I continue to be a customer for a long time
I enjoy the benefits of this card when I pump gas into my car and buy items at amazon.com. Love the Rewards!
Visa is accepted everywhere, but APR is still high compared to other cards. I prefer to have only 1 card for internet use with a low credit limit since hackers are out there.
I like the card since I do purchase some things online, and the cash back that I do get from it is wonderful. It is also nice that there is cash back on restaurants and all other things as well, but it would be nicer if the limit were higher.
The point of a brand or company linked credit card is that it encourages you to shop with the named provider. In this case the named provider is Amazon and I do shop at enough to make having their credit  card worthwhile. Unlike some cards it doesn't grant a discount but the points accrual is good especially on Amazon and the points don't expire. Since it's a Visa card it is accepted globally.The card is administered by Chase and there are some things to be aware of here. Chase are trying to be security conscious but this isn't without problems. When I set up an electronic transfer to pay the bill Chase denied it since it was the first one I'd made. Phone calls required to sort this out. It doesn't work very well abroad (outside the US) because you have to tell them you're going. &#34;Well Mommy I'm going out I might use the credit card&#34;. More phone calls and uses of my time. And finally if you buy something expensive they will refuse the transaction and then there'll be yet more time spent pointing them in the right direction. Being secure is one thing but my other cards don't impose this administrative penalty. Chase is trying to reduce its security costs at the expense of time for the user. Just bite the bullet and implement a chip and pin system like the rest of the world and stop cheapskating the customer. In the end travel restrictions stop me using the card as much as I could because I don't always carry an international phone and I'll be damned if I'm going to have my card refused just because I spent more than a few dollars (or equivalent) on dinner. And the rigamarole you have to go through to access the website on another computer is ridiculous. I really could start to rant here but I won't so there are some conclusions below.Conclusion for Amazon and most other purchases the card is fine and the points are good. Chase is the weak link and imposes many complications when you want to use the card in a normal way.
the reason I chose this card was for the reward program since I buy so much from Amazon. The reason I havent used it yet is because I have had the money to pay for anything I have wanted.
Compared to my other cards I appreciate the security I get from this card and the online services. I also like the rewards that this card offers. Overall very satisfied.
My instant credit was applied as soon as I finished the application. And my card arrived in the mail about a week after that. So far I love it.
It is like any visa card.  The difference is that you get points for your purchases which I use to buy other things on Amazon.
I love the rewards and it is quick and really easy to use! You can't put a value on convenience!
This card is great for a college student to manage spending while receiving additional rewards for items needed for school
The earnings of money I already spend has made this easy and wonder to use.I pay everything off every month, if I didn't the interest rate is steep in my opinion...or I would have rated it 5 stars.
I am happy with this card. When I used it for the first time I did get money off the product I was purchasing. This made me very happy.
I like using this credit card - good interest rate, but I haven't really seen too much as far as rewards go and I bought a lot of things around Christmas time.
I love not having any worries when placing orders, the reward points I get are wonderful and the Apr is at a decent rate.
so far seems to be an O.K. deal. could ups the rewards a bit & doo no harm. we will see how it goes.
the Amazon Visa credit card makes it just a bit easier to shop smoothly on the Amazon site.  It is still just a credit card and carries with it all of the usual credit card requirements.  it is nice that you accumulate a little bit of credit reward that you can use on future purchases on the Amazon site.
I like the amazon rewards credit card, though I wish I understood the points/rewards system better, other than that I have had great service from this card provider
I like the card because it is easy checkout with amazon and you get points when you shop!However, you get enough points with the card just not enough with amazon when you go to checkout.
signed up for a free 50 $ gift card. so worth it, easy to pay off, and you earn points very easily. simple to use and handy for emergency situations
It's easy to use and you get points, cash, on future purchases; very convenient.  You don't have to input your card #, they have it.
the people behind this card have your back they called me when someone else was trying to use my card
Have not had the card all that long, but so far have enjoyed the ease with which I can use it when I order from Amazon, which is fairly often.
I've only had the card a few months, and always pay the full balance by the due date. I'm rebuilding my credit and believe using this card responsibly will help.
I like using my card when making purchases from Amazon I also like I can pay it at Chase Bank
I finally decided to apply for this card since I do almost all of my Christmas shopping on Amazon. I was approved almost instantly, received the $30 gift card towards any purchase and everything went smoothly. My only question is how do I know what my limit is? Do I have to wait to physically receive the card before I can check? It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to be approved and able to use something instantly with no idea how much of a credit limit you have been given.
the dvd by John Bevere I got was very informational for growing in relationship with Jesus my Lord and saviorthe batteries I have not had long enough to comment on
I use it a lot, the interest rate is high... make sure you pay balances off regularly. The rewards are solid; amazon points are easy to acquire and spend.
This card is great. You save 50 dollars just for signing up. And then you earn points for every purchase you make.  After building up points, you get to use them for discounts off purchases.
I like the fact that you can earn points for credits on future purchases and orders on Amazon. com !
Did receive all packages in record time and they were as advertised.  Couldn't have been more pleasedEasy to use got my shopping done in no time.  Around holiday time that is very important to me.
I'm a current Chase customer. I was able to add Blue Stream credit card to my online statement. So its as easy to buy from Amazon using the one click purchase and it's easy to pay! you should have both accounts, Chase Checking and a Amazon Blue Streams.Thanks Amazon,Bgme
Applied and got my $50 towards my amazon purchase immediately! Had the card within a week or so and have used it several times. My only complaint is that I like to pay online and you don't pay the credit card straight through amazon. It's paid through a different company and I always have a hard time finding where to go to make an online payment. Other than that, glad I got this!
Since I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon, it made sense to have a card from the same company. So far I have had no problems using the card.
The card is great. I got accepted with a decent limit off the bat. Although, the APR is extremely high so watch what you spend on the card. Other than that, great perks to the card and I receive a lot of points.
I like having my card.  This company has been the one to give me the largest credit line.  My only complaint comes from trying to navigate my way around the web site.  The Amazon.com web site, where you make purchases, keeps telling me to enable cookies in order to continue.  I have had no luck in being able to enable cookies.  I can shop online, not just with the laptop I want to, until I figure out just exactly what is blocking me from continuing.
This makes it so easy to order on amazon. I like knowing that I can also use it anywhere else i choice
Have had nothing but good experience with rewards card. All amazon purchases are easy and quick and earning points on all purchases is a nice bonus.
It's a credit card.  What do you expect?  High annual fees, poor customer service, and fees upon fees...Boy was I pleasantly surprised.  No annual fee, great customer service from Chase, and I did miss a payment (once due to a misplaced bill) and the fee was forgiven by a very understanding and helpful customer service person.  They even helped me set up  automatic payments so I wouldn't be late again.  It was a pleasure to do business with Chase, and the Amazon discount I got for using the card was nice as well.
I love my Amazon Rewards Card! It's APR is a little higher than my other credit card but I love the ease of the rewards points. I use it solely to take advantage of that perk. I know other cards offer similar rewards, but this card is linked directly to my amazon account so after every billing period, the points are available immediately and I'm just one click away from applying the points to purchase for FREE(ish) stuff!
I like using the amazon rewards card as it helps me to gain points for future purchases on amazon. If your not a heavy amazon shopper though this card may not be for you as you as the most point are gained from shopping at amazon.  Overall, I think it's a great rewards card and I haven't any issues with it thus far with getting points for my purchase. I can definitely see myself using this card for a lot of my future purchases.
I am a frequent shopper of Amazon and it is convenient to be able to use the Amazon credit card when cash funds may not be readily available.  The additional rewards you receive for making purchases is just the incentive I need to continue to use this card over the others.
Great card; points are nice.  However, it does take a while for points to show up.  Otherwise it does everything it is supposed to.  Nice bright green color also, so it is easy to find in my purse.
I got my card within minutes and got $50.00 credit to purchase a NuWave Cooktop. It was plain and simple for me but I can't comment on other people's experiences.
I have liked how widely accepted it is, and that I can earn rewards.  I sometimes think it is too tempting to put charges on it.
I have had this card for several years and find myself using it frequently.  Having the rewards points for use immediately after the closing of your statement period is really handy.My only complaint is the low credit limit and higher interest rate.  I have excellent credit over a long credit history and the credit limit and interest rate on this card doesn't quite stack up against the rest of my accounts.  I have requested a limit increase but have be rely received anything.  Interest rate is not as important to me as I have never carried a balance on any of my cards.That being said, I am very happy with this card and find myself using it quite frequently. I would recommend this card to a friend.
I like getting a statement in the mail each monthThe customer service representatives are helpful and kind:)I would recommend it to a friend.
Love this card! I just wish that the points actually worked like they say they are supposed too other than that I use my card all of the time
I am very pleased with my Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card.  I will continue to use this card.  I have also had very good customer service.
I like the cash back benefits. Interest rate a bit high, would be nice to have your rate lowered if your a reliable card holder who pay's your bills on time.
I really like this card and the rewards it offers.  I was pleased that a new card was issued to me after the Target mess.  My only complaint is I seemed to have lost my reward points from previous card.  With my latest order I tried to use my reward points but because my card number was changed because of the Target mess, the $4.66 was not credited to my new card and not credited to my order.  I know $4.66 isn't much money but I had hoped to use it toward my order
Received many compliments on this dress at the SantaFest in Gatlinburg, TN.  If the gold trim on front edge of the dress would have continued around the back, it would have been even prettier.
This card is great it has a high interest rate but as long as you pay it off you get free rewards
Reward points are cool. Interest rate on this card is too high. I only use when I could pay balance in full to get reward points.
I like the fact that i get points which can be used as cash to shop on amazon and its all tied in together when i go to check out its done, i don't have to enter numbers and info
The rewards card is a good deal.It has saved me money.I would like to get the interest rate down however the money you save on points makes up for it.
The card is very convient and easy to use. I like the security that the card provides and the line of credit is perfect. Not too much!
Only got this credit card to receive the $25 credit. So far had no problems with it, I don't use it as much. Have little rewards so far but I can see how it would be beneficial for small purchases in the future.
I do really like having the card because it is so easy to purchase anything you may need or just want from Amazon.com. You can manage your account right on line and everything is just so simple to do. If I can do it anyone can. I have already to all my friends and family about how easy it is.
The Chase system is easy to use and fairly straightforward.  I have no trouble scheduling a payment or viewing my account.  My only complaint is that statements are not formatted for printing on a standard 8 1/2 X 11 sheet of paper,  Page two breaks up the statement and should be the last page.
Amazon points are great, but I have a high APR even with a credit score of over 725. The no annual fee is nice too though
Okay, so I have never used or had a credit card before. I am really thinking about making that step. First I want to know if applying for this card would be a good  move for me? I shop at amazon.com once in awhile, but not all that often. Christmas shopping I am always trying to find good deals and I think amazon.com has a lot of them. Any suggestions on which way to go for my first every credit card??
A big help! Now that I have this card on file, I can pick up a quick gift or by a needed book in a pinch.
I shop on Amazon.com a LOT! What's so great about this card is that it pays me back to shop!  I love finding credits that I can apply to purchases and they add up fast!  Highly recommended for anyone that is an Amazon shopper like me!
I like this product, because since my visa is through Chase bank, I have the option to make payments at a local branch.  I also like the online payment option, which gives processes your payments promptly.  During my last amazon.com online purchase, I had earned points which gave me over $10.00 in savings. these days, every dollar counts! I would recommend using this product; the application process is very swift.
I am still learning the benefits of this card, but love it so far. Plan on using it for most purchases.
I use this Visa Card mainly to buy books and electronics.  I really love the rewards because I have used them to buy highly priced books or accessories.  Also I use the card for dinner, and other purchases in the internet.  I highly recommend this card.
Good enough.  Used it to charge like all the other charge cards.  And I think it accumulates points which can be used to my benefit.
I did not use credit cards for a long time because I did not want to get caught up in a credit crunch but I decided to try the Amazon rewards Visa Card a few months ago and I like it because I get cash rewards of 3% when I buy on Amazon.I buy things on Amazon quite often because I find good prices there on merchandise that I may need and the card also adds up rewards when I use it to purchase gas or in the drug store I earn 2 points and I can use the money to buy things I need. The APR is quite high 19.24 which I do not like but most credit cards are about that anyways I guess.You can use the pay down estimator on line to try to keep your interest down on the card.I like it because if I do not have the money right then to purchase something I can pay later.
awesome reward card, points are accumulated quickly on all purchases and can be used on everything. you should get this and card and use it as often as possible.
I use Amazon a lot, so it's nice to get 3% back from Amazon purchases. Initially I thought you earned 3 points (%) for any purchase, redeemable on Amazon, but that's not the case. You get 3 points per dollar spent on Amazon, 2/dollar on restaurants, gas, and pharmacies, and 1 on other purchases. You can use the points directly for purchase on Amazon, or redeem directly for cash in your account (seems the obvious choice).Other cards (like Chase Freedom) can give you more, but you have to pay attention to the changing deals.Basically, I use this card almost only for Amazon purchases, and other cards for the rest.
It was super easy to apply for this card.  It's nice to have a Visa that virtually every store and restaurant EVERYwhere takes.  My only small complaint is that I wish the points rewarded were cash rewarded instead.
I think this is a great account especially since I like to shop on Amazon. Safe and secure. Information is saved so it is also convenient. The rate could be lower, but if you pay off monthly it doesn't really matter to me.
Its a great card. I love the reward points and how fast they collect. It is an overall good card.
I am glad that I have the Amazon Rewawrds Visa Card.  The cashback earnings will be used to purchase items that I want, with no money out of pocket.  It is easy to use.
This credit card is nice if you use Amazon a lot, which I do. I would say the points you earn for each purchase are a slightly above average amount. It's nice that they have a fixed reward for gas stations and drug stores. My other credit cards only give rewards during certain times of the year for these two things, and if I have to use a credit card for gas it's nice to get something back. Also, don't expect to get a huge credit limit with this card. My credit score is very good - excellent and they only gave me a $2000 limit, which is very low compared to my other cards. Overall it's a great card if you use Amazon for multiple purchases a month, otherwise there are some better alternatives out there.
As far as rewards go- I love the card. The only qualm I have is the ad boast about instant approval. Wrong! It took like 1 week for the approval to come back, so if you want to buy something go ahead and apply now. Other than that, no issues or complaints and I would definitely recommend the card for any one who shops on amazon a lot!
Needed to find another Visa card to help with my Amazon purchases and more so when I was offered this great card with a $50 gift certificate I jumped on it!  The gifts and card worked for sure!
I NEVER go for credit offers and have excellent credit.  Imagine my surprise when I got a message saying something like "we're sorry we are unable to process this... your application has been submitted for review" and saying it could take up to thirty days to render a decision.  No I didn't miss any information ion the form.  I was left feeling disappointed, wondering if the whole rewards ad with $50 instant credit offer (which could be used on your current cart items) was nothing but a big sucking scam. An inquiry for nothing?Angry, I found my way to these reviews and what did I find? A slew of similar complaints. Some received a decision in a few minutes, some a day & some much later. Among these I found a few that said to call up and gave the number to Amazon Rewards Card Customer Service (Chase).  The reviewers said that if you call Chase can verify whatever information they needed and can approve you once that is done.I called and though it took a little while to tell the story and get transferred to the correct department, that is exactly what happened.  I was approved (after answering some questions verifying my identity).  About an hour later the $50 showed up and I was able to shop right away.  They tell you 48hrs so it may vary--mine just showed up sooner.so go by what the person tells you but know it may be sooner.After going through the verification I was actually pleased to know that that step was required.So why did I give Chase (and Amazon) four stars?Well extra security in this day and age is a plus imo so I have no problem with them making sure it's the correct person. However, there should be a note in the ad that says "five minute verification process may be required" AND a number to call to complete verification (or it won't be only five minutes).It isn't that hard to be upfront about your product Chase--why not take my suggestion and save yourself the trouble of angry phone calls or cancelled applications from people who feel they've been tricked?If it hadn't been for the review section this would have been one of those cancellations so thank your customers for the helpful feedback Amazon/Chase.Thanks to all of the reviewers who warned about the problem as well as those who provided the solution.  In keeping with that here is the number to call should you not get the 30 second decision:Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card: 888-247-4080Web site: Chase Card Member Services:[...]I'll update the rating and this post on how good the rewards are, etc., after I've been in the program for a while.*************Update:This card is awesome and is my go to card for shopping now.  They clearly lay out the point system so no surprises there.  They also allow you to adjust payment due dates so if you call right away you can be sure to pick one that would be more suitable for you particular budget.A few things you can do to make using this card a breeze:1. Call in advance about the billing cycle.  For those that don't know the interest-free grace period is good based on the billing cycle--not the due date.  The cycle date i.e., the date the bill is generated, is what you need to be aware of when you want to avoid interest charges AND when you are making a payment.  If you don't know your date you may have a problem as a payment you make later in the month(that you assumed would be applied as next month's payment)credits the card but only counts for the current month. In this case you would get a late penalty thinking you've paid on time.2. Change the due date.  If you know the cycle date it's much easier to pick a payment date that is closer to it to avoid the above issue.  It's also good so that you can pick a date that allows more pay periods beforehand or around bonus structures, etc. You can call and any Chase rep will gladly assist you with all of this info or you can make the changes yourself.3. Also be aware that any left over amounts due will carry the interest to all billing cycles so bye bye grace period.  This is something most cards do so no big surprises there either.  Just don't think if you pay off the bulk of the amount spent last month that the tiny balance left on the card is the only thing drawing interest when you add $$ to it the next month.  Even if only $50 was left the grace period for new purchases is nulled. If your assigned apr is low that may not be a problem but it's still good to be aware of it.Again this info is for those that may not know.4. Use the number above if you had any trouble signing up or didn't get your promised rewards.One last thing, although it will sound like a commercial.  Use the card for all Amazon purchases for the best rewards.  No I'm not saying run up large debts--if you normally shop with amazon for monthly household items buy with the card & just pay the amount you would have used anyway to the card.  Then you're only spending budgeted household money and earning big rewards.Pros:Great online serviceGood securityGood rewardsCons:Better info about application process as I mentioned above along with a number to call if this applies to a particular customer.Instant correction of rewards credit-- just as I received but it took lengthy transfers and scanning through tons of reward complaints to get it done.  This should be readily offered information.Phoning may lead to a maze of transfers before getting to the right rep. It did get better after a while or maybe I just got used to the system.*Other downsides I see in reviews aren't really "cons" but seem to stem from not understanding 1-4 above.Enjoy!
That is all I going to say due to the threat of law suites on reviews. So sorry Chase, I no loner give reviews negative or positive.
If you are all about buying everything on Amazon.com, this is definitely the card for you.  Triple points on every amazon.com purchase is a huge plus for this card.
Got it primarily for holiday shopping . Seems to be as good as other cards I use, but maybe more readily accepted when time comes to check out...
the points earning system is very good. i didn't need another card but the store card didn't have the rewards the the visa offers. i probably won't use it except for amazon because my other cards have as low as 8.875% and the rate on this card is too high so i will be paying it off every month to avoid the interest fees.
This card was easy to use. Once you enter the information, it is saved. It builds points that can be used toward purchases.
The account is there, available to use and easy to pay, straight from your Chase Bank account.  Look at all of the things that Amazon has to offer and your account is right there to make the purchase on your wish list.
I really like my Amazon Rewards Visa card..customer service is AWESOME!I have had no problems at all!I had my wallet stolen and This card was easier than alot of my other cards to deal with.
I only signed up for the instant credit for my Amazon purchase.  To my surprise it was so easy to apply it to my purchase.  I was also pleased to see a name bank like Chase on it.
No issues with the card. The points earned are a nice feature as long as they do not expire. earning more would always be great.
Love the rewards card but interest is way too high.  Good to use for purchases if you pay it off every month.
It's new to me, and so far so good. Also, I have paperless bills which I really like.  The personnel at customer service seem quite knowledgeable.
I like having the reward feature but I think the interest rate is too high.  I would use it more if the limit was higher and the interest rate lower.
Ever since I applied and received my Visa Amazon rewards card, I've found it to be a useful tool when ordering products.  My one complaint with the card is that the rewards offered for using it are not really enticing enough to make it my exclusive method of purchase due to the high interest rates which must be considered.  Overall, I would recommend the card to regular Amazon customers, but to still have other payment options handy.
Great rewards if you shop at amazon Frequently. Only thing missing is the benefit of amazon prime. Like the card
Enjoy having because of the convenience,easy to use; check in and out usage was not complicated at all. Thanks everything was expedient.
I really love the Amazon site; however, I do wish my credit line was increased to at least $700.  When I've ordered products, I'm unable to select a faster method due to the limit on my card.  A good deal of the time the shipments come in after the desired arrival date for the occasion.  Otherwise, I really love the site and wish I were able to use it more often.  Thank you so much.
A very handy card for the quick use of earned points on amazon!I usr it their and ebay to keep track of online buying.
Works great so far. We spend a lot with amazon so it makes sense to have rewards that are worthwhile.
I have only used my card one time.  But the results so far have been very good.  I like it that the points do not expire.  So far I have not received an instant 30.00 gift card and my card has been approved. I hope these items will be corrected.
I like earning points towards amazon products.  Since i'm shopping here anyway, might as well!!  If nothing else, get this card to use at restaurants so you earn 2% back.
Exciting offer I could not refuse. I recommend all Amazon purchasers to consider. Makes it easier when you purchase an item from Amazon.
I usually rate things only positively, unless it is something I chose myself. A card is only a card.  The value depends on you.
I appreciate the convenience of the Amazon Rewards Visa Card, and the fact that I earn rewards. I have nothing negative to say about it!
I love this card, it is very convenient when ordering from Amazon. Just pay it off when you get your bill.
Cut's your buying checkout time time at Amazon and pays you dividends to do it... I use whenever  I can
This is my first credit card with rewards.  I really enjoy earning the rewards back,especially on gas purchases. I wish groceries were on the 2x points back, too!  Bank of America keeps sending that offer.  Then I'd give it 5 stars.  Overall though, very pleased with the card.  I really like how easy it is to track my transactions online.
The ball is very durable, but the glowing ability really only works well if it is pitch black outside. If there is any light at all it does not glow well. Other than that good ball!
As you can expect, I love that you get point on everyday purchases. My only gripe is that you can only redeem those points on Amazon if Amazon is selling it. So that sucks. Otherwise as I noted early I love it.
awesome! sure makes it great when trying to build up credit again! thanks for offering it and new opportunities to me. again thank you, emt,lpn
The card is a nice lime-green color that really stands out from all the other cards in my wallet.  No problems using the card so far, but the rewards feature does not seem to be consistent.  It seems that rewards are not always credited to my account or if they are it is not clearly communicated.
works great for a person in her late years. not to heavy and cut very well. great in small area. Glad I found this saw that I can handle.
Rewards come quickly, no limit and the main benefit is that there are no exclusions. 1% is pretty low compared to some other cards and that is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars.  It would be nice if Amazon tied having a card into a discounted Prime Membership.
I like this card because it offers great rewards - 3% on Amazon purchases - and no annual fee.  It's my default payment method as well.
I love that you can use rewards to buy things on amazon. Interest is a little high but that has a lot to do with credit. No problems with it.
With the amount of online purchases that I have, last year I was able to get a pair of Harley Davidson boots for almost half off. Its a good way to have your money go further when using Amazon.com.
their is nothing wrong with this card. It is what is advertised to be. I would recommend this card for all to ave.
Good for your credit and very handy to use when shopping on amazon.com.  A quality product for the family and to use while on the internet.
It's a good idea to offer rewards on Amazon.com purchases. If I were to use the Amazon site more the rewards would be useful to redeem during the holidays. I do not purchase alot online, when I do I research to find the lowest price and shipping cost.
Very good, flexible card. INTERNIST IS SOMEWHAT ON THE HIGH SIDE BUT FAIR. BEST OF ALL IT IS FROM CHASE BANK NOT CAPITAL ONE.
I like it.  Convenient to use and has offers. that are better when using it instead of using other cards.
This is an easy and convenient way to purchase from Amazon.com. I would recommend using this method to any and all.
I used it on Amazon for Kodah black and color ink cartridges and Office Max for Epson printer easy to use and paid through Chase account Payment was easy
I have had this card for just over a month now and have been happy with it. I really shop on amazon a lot, so the amazon reward points are perfect for me. I like the terms so far and appreciate the online option for managing the account.
Not bad getting 3% back and when you first get the card you get a discount on your first order when using this card. Just be careful. overall it can be helpful on orders by getting discount.
As far as rewards cards go, the Amazon rewards card is great if you shop a lot on Amazon. I have a Prime account, so this goes along great with the 2-day shipping offer; I regularly buy everything from groceries, books, and music to consumer electronics on Amazon, so this is a good offer. The reward is essentially 3% cashback on Amazon purchases, 2% on restaurants, gas, office supply stores, and drugstores, and 1% on everything else. The rewards come as Amazon points, so don't get it unless you're willing to use your rewards &#34;points&#34; on Amazon purchases.The card is offered through Chase; I find their online interface cumbersome and outdated compared to other bank I use, like Bank of America. It's easy enough to navigate, but it's not always straightforward how to look up a statement, or look at your balance.As with all rewards credit cards, this card only really saves you money if you pay off the full balance every month. 3% off Amazon purchases will amount to much if you're paying 16-20% interest on a balance.
This product has already been rewarding for me. I have not received any hidden or surprise charges.I appreciate receiving an e-mail notifying me that a payment is due.
I like the low interest rate and the wonderful rewards points program. Owning this credit card makes it very convinient since it is accepted at all major locations. Customer service is excellent. I will certainly recommend this card to others.
I obtained this card last month by transferring my crecidt balance from my LATE Slate card from Chase.  This card is far better than any other points card I used, even better than American Express.
I don't fall in love with a credit card, but so far I have had no problrms.  when when i called for imfo or a request for a limit increase, it was taken care asap. the automatic pay has also been trouble free. keep up the good service
Card available when shopping Amazon.  Enjoy ability to make use of this card when my other cards are not available.
No problems : It worked great! I'll use it again in the very near future.Thanks for all your help,Harry Brantley
Im very happy with the card. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is when u are first approved online I had no idea what my limit was,and really no other info accept that I was approved. I had to wait for something to come on the mail.
It is easy to use for Amazon and the rewards is good too! The security of the card seems okay too.
I like the way the reward is set up with this card--points can be converted to Amazon credits and never expire. So far, I have been using it to make purchases at grocery stores and restaurants. However, I don't use it to pay for gas because I already have a loyalty card with a gas station even though paying gas with the Amazon credit card will get me more Amazon credits. If I happen to refill gas at a gas station that is not associate with my loyalty card, I would definitely use the Amazon credit card. The only improvement that I think the card needs to make is that it needs to be more clear on the number of credits I earn in each statement cycle.
I don't have any cons as of right now.  I just bought a phone cover and it was nice to take $3 off of the total purchase.  It's nice to have the option of using my reward dollars or just saving them.
Great rewards.Buy stuff and receive points that become dollars off another purchase.I like it more than my Citi card.Love it.
Most comfortable shoe ever,I wear  them all day standing on my feet  hope a summer type comes out.Thanks alot love them
good card for customer used.Easy, fast, safety and good.about a little action, it makes sense, cut to the product in use as with it.
I have not had this card for long but like the convenience of on line paying, rewards, etc.. Would recommend the card to family and  friends.
This card was an excellent choice.  I have used it on several occasions, especially on Amazon website.  It's universal, you can use anywhere. The Rewards are great.  Enjoy your card.
my credit was not real good and they were still willing to give me a chance with a low interest rate
Makes purchasing easy! &#128513;  I can use it anywhere... not just Amazon.  Received everything that I've ordered and they all are what I expected to get for my money.
I really enjoy the extra points I am getting for Amazon purchases.  I had Capitol One - No Hassle before getting this card but decided to drop it when they lowered their point system.  I feel like everything I purchase with this card gives me a LEAST 2 points which is amazing.The only beef I have is that my credit limit is really low compared to the other cards I have.
This card, issued through Chase, saved me money on a purchase I made with it.  The card does everything that a credit card is supposed to do, accurately and efficiently.
new user, so far has been fine.  Could review  more effectively after more use.  no complaint thus far. I do use Amazon for internet orders, so I'm sure it will get more use.
Easy to use.  Nice rewards for using it.  No fees.  Free money for opening account.  I got free 50 bucks, and it allowed me to buy snowboarding pants that I wanted without a cost.As people previously listed, it was hard to make a payment.  But, not anymore.  They opened payments up to Chase Bank.  It was easy to sign up, and pay the card off.
For the first time ever - a credit card that works as expected.  No more paying for items - just use the card and never worry about it again.  None of that pesky paying for things later either - you just buy what you want.  I have had it less than 30 days, so hopefully no surprises in store.
I purchase a lot of items on Amazon, so it makes since to earn credit toward my purchases with my non-amazon purchases.
I am a fan of the Amazon Rewards Visa.  I have had the card now for about 6 months.  I love the rewards points, but my interest rate is a little high.  I believe that has more to do with the times now anyway.  It's not easy to find low interest cards unless your credit is perfect.  But even with my above average credit the rate still seems a little high.  It's almost as if it is a store card.  Maybe I was late on a payment or something...
Like the amazon visa credit card, able to use it mostly everwhere i go, even can use it for my little sideline work.
I like  the  fact  the  amazon card  is  linked to my amazon purchases and rewards. Convient, easy  and  always  available,  fuss free.
very easy to use and maintain just wish you could request an increase online that would make it much more convienent
Being able to receive "rewards" from using a credit card is good.  I hope to use the card again in the near future.
Very convenient and easy to use. I would recommend to others, as it come with many more benefits to the cardholder.
Having this amazon rewards card makes it easy to shop, once on file just add items to shopping cart and click to purchase- Easy!
easy to use, accepted , and the websirte is real easy to follow  and easy to understand. very  customer friendly
The perks are great, I enjoy saving on my amazon purchases just by buying things with my amazon credit card!
I would recommend it to anybody because I am getting more the what I was expecting from this credit card
This card is amazing to use when you go out to eat or use it for gas the rewards add up really fast
Good emails and products advertised. Not sure about the rate. I am looking forward to see what other offers come through.
Good card. It has a decent interest rate and a great website for online bill pay that is easy to navigate.
I order a lot from Amazon.  It's nice to get rewards for my purchases.  I have already used the rewards a couple of times. Doesn't take long for them to begin accumulating!
Using as my primary card and easy to use points on Amazon once earned. Be careful of late fee charges, since the time you receive notification looking for payment to the time you need to pay ( grace period) is fairly short and out of sync with other credit cards.
The Amazon Rewards Visa credit card is a good option for those who buy frequently off of Amazon and purchase large dollar amounts via the site. The conversion rate for points to cash is $1:100 points and you receive at least one point for every dollar you charge to the card. Gas and groceries yield 2 points per $1 spent , and anything bought on Amazon accrues 3 points per dollar spent. This is why it's beneficial to have the card if you're a frequent Amazon shopper. Pay the card off every month and you will have no problems with the interest rate. If you have trouble paying off your debts, do not get a credit card period!TL:DR This credit card is great if you shop on Amazon frequently and has a rewarding point system for doing so. Don't get a credit card if you can't pay it off!
Honest, like most cards  with some good benefits I give it a good rating.  So many cards to choose from.
The card is easy and convenience to use besides to pay your monthly bill is an easy and fast process.
Like all cards I wish the interest rate was lower.  But that being said, it has come in handy for my Amazon purchases and the rebates earned are nice.
I truly like the convenience and points that are offered in receiving the Amazon.com rewards card. This makes it much easier for me to make my purchases and enjoy shopping, as always, on Amazon.
good card has nice rewards can shop and have good savings also can use on other purchases saves time and the stress of using another credit card
This is a good rewards card for earning extra cash points on purchases. I found that beneficial when make additional purchases on college materials
I would recommend this card to anyone who uses the services of Amazon.com.  It is fast, secure and easy; not to mention rewarding.  I use it whenever I order off Amazon, but it can be used anywhere.  The more you use it the bigger the rewards.  The best part for me was the instant $50 dollar savings on my first purchase, so I bought something that was usually out of my budget and am loving every minute of my new ability, because of my card, to afford to splurge every now and again.
Once you apply for this card you don't have to worry about entering your credit card info every time.Plus the more you buy on this card, the more cash you get back.
This credit card is a very efficient way to make purchases via Amazon.  It also comes with reward points that provides small discounts for purchases.
I am glad I have my Amazon.com Rewards Visa. I use it for emergencies and for my Anazon purchases. No fuss no muss!  I've also taken advantage of the rewards by purchasing a book, which cost me nothing out of picket!
Great card!! Love getting points and choosing my reward. Although the interest can creep up but as long as you pay it off within good time it stays good!
I like earning redeemable points for Amazon when I use it and it is easy to use and accepted everywhere
I signed up for this @ Christmas because I got some money back.  I forget the amount....anyway, because this card is issued by Chase Bank, which is the bank that I use all the time, it has been very easy to use and pay.  Chase has a wonderful web site.  I like the extra 3 points that I get when I use it for Amazon and it even gives me 2 points for use @ a gas station.  The only draw back for me @ this time is that my points can only be used as a credit @ Amazon, which is really not a bad thing, except that I am saving up my Chase points to get an Apple computer. Anyway, I would recommend this card to anyone.
Its a cool idea getting rewords for your visa. its very helpful when you spend so much money on gifts and on kids.
This item shipped very quickly and the disk was in very good shape. The product (disk) was a great price for the item. I really liked this disk and lost mine when I moved and when I searched amazon found exactly what I was looking for very easily.
I have this card. Now granted the interest rate aren't that good, but as long as you pay of the balance in full every month no problems. As far as the tactics that some speak of about Chase not sending you a statement I've never had problem with that. The points do add up and I've used them to save some money on Amazon purchases.If you want a card for deferred interest for 6, 12, and 18 months than you would be better off with the Amazon store card for  purchases than this Visa because they don't offer any deferred interest plans at all.
I visit Amazon quite frequently, sometimes multiple times a day, especially when seeking the best price and selection. When I see something I like, I mention it to my spouse, who files my remark away in her memory bank. When a gift-giving occasion to me comes around, she knows about what I like/need/want, and a box (with a smile on it) shows up at our doorstep.
We just found out the hard way, The $1100 purchase we were expecting to be 12 months interest free because we bought it with our Amazon.com card is &#34;due in full&#34;. Not that we cannot pay it, but it was totally unexpected. Upon calling Chase, we learned that their Amazon.com rewards card is not the Amazon.com Store Card that offers the special financing.
Since we are regular Amazon customers, it makes sense to earn 3% reward while I shop. In addition, we earn 2% on restaurant bills, gasoline and pharmacy purchases. We usually just apply our earnings to my monthly statement. Easy and works flawlessly.
Good card. All billing transactions are easy. Reward points are much appreciated and fun to use. I would certainly recommend this card to family and friends.
Easy to use and convenient to use rewards towards Amazon purchases.  It is also very easy to accrue reward points.
I gave it 4 stars because it is a credit card, which needs to be paid back. The interest rates are low. The bonus reward was $50 when I signed up for the card that was nice, now it's $30. I love amazon.com so it would only make sense that I would eventually get the card.
It was easy to apply and came quickly in the mail.  I am able to buy items on Amazon and I already have a fair amount of points.  I chose this card because I like to have rewards for purchases.  I use this and my Southwest card when I want to earn points.
No Problems. Used discount on first purchase. Have used several times since. Would recommend as a convenient use for Amazon purchases.
I think Its primary selling point is the convenience at which it allows transactions. One stop shopping, as it were.
Hi I am ljhlazycat of ljhlazycat.blogspot.com, I think this box wanted something said about the LOVELY BLUE  AMAZON.COM REWARDS VISA CARD, but as I don't have one!  so short review: get one for yourself and purchase THAT KINDLE book reader. It is slim, light to hold, easy to read, travels anywhere just like the Visa Card, purse, jacket pocket.  Novels, cooking,the latest authors and Amazon prices are easy low light touch to the card.  So get the card, get Visa rewards, get the Kindle novel for greatest reward of all reading.  ADIOS
Loved that I was given a $50 credit on my Amazon order just for getting the Rewards card.  And then can earn points to save even more on purchases.  Would be even better if there was a no interest period, so, it's best to make sure to pay the balance so the interest doesn't take away from your earnings from points!
If you buy a lot from amazon the points will add up but there are better offers for gas and groceries on some cards so this is not the be all end all. 100 points = $1 on amazon which is almost as good as cash.
I have been a card holder for a year with no major issues. I enjoy the 3 point back system..its a great incentive to me.
I love how I can use the rewards as a discount towards my purchases through Amazon. The process is easy.
I am very pleased with my Amazon Rewards Visa card.  It brings the full benefits of a Visa card, and a nice annual percentage rate.  Haven't had a chance to use my Rewards yet, but I'm sure they will follow in the Amazon footsteps providing great value.
Awesome card. Love the perks. Satisfied card holder. Easy to use. Looking forward to more rewards to use. Need a vacation.
I find it very easy to order using the Amazon Rewards Visa card.  Place my order and it goes right to this card.  The rewards are great too as it can be credited to your upcoming order, or not!  Save it for more on a future order.
I initially signed up for the card because it was going to save me a bunch of money on text books I was ordering. I continued to use the card after this because everywhere I use it I earn points. For every 1 dollar I spend on Amazon I get 3 points, and for everywhere else it ranges between 1-2. Wow! Before I knew it my points were racking up. Now the next thing that I buy on amazon I can use reward points to take money straight off the bill, and the best part is actually using these points is EASY.
Only had the card for a few months.  Primary use is; Amazon, restaurant and fuel purchases.  Points accumulation is definitely nice and I have used them up on an Amazon purchase after each months issuance :)This card has become 1 of 3 cards I use for purchases (other 2 are also a reward card of some type).  I have a very decent credit line with this card, however, the interest rate is quite a bit higher than my other 2 cards.  Therefore, I am careful not to make purchases that I cannot pay off very quickly.If the interest rate was equal or lower than one of my other cards, then this card would quickly become the card I use the most.Thanks
This card gives great reward points and makes shopping on Amazon even simpler. The only thing that could make this card better is to have a lower interest rate which I'm sure varies by person depending on your credit. Overall- great card!
The rewards card is great to get rewards and you can get the rewards right away. It is easily accessible on line.
I liked the card and the points it gave me and paying it was easy.  The reason I gave it 4 stars was for two reasons.  Firstly when I am sending a gift to my son I have to enter the information again despite him being one of my regular ship to addresses.  Also having had Amazon refuse to refund me for 2 day shipping when an item didnt arrive for 5 I wont be using the card any longer
received quickly, easy acceptance,convenient. Nice to get the points and they add up quicker than you think. Do wish the APR was a little lower.
It's a credit card.  It works.  What more is there to say?
With the card I received an initial $30 gift card for Amazon of which I made excellent use. Also, the rewards are pretty good. I obtain 3 points for every dollar I spend on Amazon, 2 points for gas, restaurants, and 1 point fur every other dollar. The improvements could be a transaction reward-for every transaction a certain amount of points could be given. Other than that great for all Amazon users.
I am not good at making reviews.IF works well for me,then it is good.DONE If you want more words go elsewhere
I really like this Visa card.  I have other credit cards but this is the one I go to first.  I like the fact that I earn points whenever I use it & then, when I'm shopping at Amazon, the points I've earned are used toward my purchases.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the interest charged.  This card isn't as bad as some I've seen but I'd still like to see the interest lowered.  Otherwise, great card!
This card is as advertised.  Interest rate it a little higher than my other cards, but in general it is a Chase based card so it's easy to know what to expect.  The rewards points are nice.  I make payments on-time so I have no idea what the downside is if you don't.  Pretty straight credit card though.
I wish a bank other than Chase had this Amazon.com Visa gig.  If you accidentally miss a payment (which I did after years of paying on time) they are not forgiving at all, and will sock you with a big fee.  By looking at my payment record, it must have been evident that I was a very good customer, but that didn't make a difference.The rewards points, and Amazon.com itself are great.
This card is good. Nothing really extra special but the points is an added benefit. I will continue to use this card especially when I buy at Amazon.
I love this card, because you can fast buy at amazon, and it has some discount on it and rewards too.
Great card. Good term. Easy to use. This is a card which get the job done. Would recommend to others.
Very accessible to use on amazon as well as other places online and at actual stores. It's also fast and easy to pay the credit card bills online.
The extra perks are great. I do try to pay it in full each time so that I don't carry a balance.
The LGPHILIPS laptop screen was returned. At this time  I am awaiting for my account to be credited.  Mary Snyder
I will able to save a significant amount on the first order with the credit card.  It is easy to use when ordering and I can immediately use the accumulated rewards if I want.
If you're like me, you hate the brick and mortar experience. I order practically everything through Amazon.  With this card I got instant approval, a gift card and I earn 3 points for every dollar I spend at Amazon. Money I would have spent with Amazon anyway. I use this card for almost everything, pay the balance every month, rack up the points and treat it as my own strategic sourcing agreement.Rate is high, but I don't run a balance so I'm not bothered.
I've had this card for 14 months and haven't encountered any issues. I'm a die-hard Amazon shopper, so I thought with 3 points for Amazon.com purchases, this is the card for me. Then I learned...The 3 points only applies to Amazon.com purchases (plus a few other categories on Amazon.com, see below). Because so much of the merchandise on Amazon's site is not from "Amazon.com", but from affiliated and third party sellers, you may find that many of your purchases made on Amazon.com aren't really "Amazon.com" and therefore don't actually qualify for the 3 points. For instance, if you see items sold by Amazon Marketplace (which is common), beware, you'll just receive 1 point per dollar spent. I was so disappointed because the fine print (pasted below) isn't explicit about this, so I feel a little misled.One plus about this card is that you can redeem the points for statement credits (example: 5,000 points = $50 statement credit), which is a nice option if you don't want gift cards or travel-related rewards.In case you're interested, here's the fine print:"You will earn 3 points for each $1 of eligible net purchases made at Amazon.com (including digital downloads, Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Fresh orders and Amazon Prime subscription). Purchases made at Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.co.jp, Amazon.ca, or any other website operated by Amazon.com, its affiliates and subsidiaries are not eligible for 3 points."Update (October 2013): Chase revised the language on the agreement to reflect the 3 points just as expected, without all those exclusions. Thanks Chase and Amazon!
i liked it. i liked it a lot. honestly i dont know what i am being asked to review. oh well.
I like how easy it is to use when I make a purchace & the rewards are a nice bonus too. The intrest rate is too high for when I want to spread the payments out on a purchace.
I would recommend this to anyone. I like the fact you get rewards on every purchase and have the options to use the rewards to pay your bill or to buy Amazon merchandise. Not everyone takes Visa however so that is the only downside I have found
I give the Amazon.com rewards Visa **** 4 stars rating.Amazon.com rewards Visa is a good product. It is a secure card for internet purchases. The shopping experience is good. The products Amazon offers are good and the delivery time on the products is good. The statement from the Visa card is easy to read and understand.
I just start to use this card. Hopefully it will bring me some saving comparing to using other cards to purchase.
I like the card, I can use it anywhere visa is accepted. And the reward points are great. just wish credit limit was higher. all in all great card use points to get things you want from amazon!
I love the convenience of this card and enjoy using the rewards when I order from Amazon. However, I find using the rewards somewhat problematical. They seem to pop up. I still don't know how to access them and then use them. The other issue I have is that I cannot pay my bill online because when I go to the url it comes up with a real estate page. I know, I have to fix it, but it should have been right the first time around. I do like the text alerts they give you. All in all, a good card.
I like the card. Makes it easy for me to pay for my items online, also I loved the 30 gift certificate I was given to open the account.
I have only used it twice, but I like its features and rewards are really great.Need more time with it for more insight
It's a great card! I am fairly new to Amazon, I have shopped in the past and since have become a member. I have noticed that I have been able to find certain products for a very reasonable prices that I could not find anywhere else and having the Amazon VISA card makes it even easier to shop at Amazon.com.
I enjoy having the convenience of an amazon card. I haven't had it long, but so far I've had no issues with it.
I received the plastic on time. Since I already have an account from the same bank of my amazon visa card, I didn't have any problems to set up online payments; which very convenient.
Just checked with Amazon online chat and the instant $50 gift card reward upon approval is not the exact rate. It is $30.
The amazon rewards visa card is well worth product.  It was simple to apply for and convenient to use.  Amazon your the best!!!!
I have no problems with this card at all. The website for it is always up, payments go through very quickly, my interest rate is almost 0 and I get 3xpoints from amazon. The only thing I wish they'd change is to give me my points for purchases as soon as the purchase goes through, instead you only get your points at the end of each billing period. The points are very easy to use at least, during check out Amazon will show your points as a payment method and all you have to do is check it and it discounts that cost from your total.
When you look at cards side by side most rewards are about even in terms of net value. If yyou shop on amazon a lot this card will be good for you
I use this card for almost all of my purchases that I can't afford to pay cash for. I through all of my other cards away, except the Amx. card.
Using the Amazon Rewards Visa card is convenient when purchasing products on Amazon.  However, the best thing about the Amazon Rewards Visa is that it gives me some nice discounts on purchases.
I am enjoying the rapid service received by usig the Amazon Credit Card but am totally confused concerning the reward points.  I order many items from Amazon and use the rewards card.  My "rewards" have been few and far between.  What am I missing here?
This is my go to card for purchasing gas.  I like that I get points everytime I use it.  Have made several purchases with the points I have acquired.
Very easy to use.  Amost too easy.  I use this card for Amazon.com purchases only.  It makes shopping and checking out a breeze - hence - almost too easy.
I just used my card several times and found it convenient. My only worry was not receiving the bill quickly...but it finally arrived...no worries:)
It is easy to use for amazon.com.  But it has no other options for interest flexabilty or transfers at this time.
I was very pleased when I was approved for this card, with added convenience as well as competive interest rate. The web site is also very user friendly
I think it's great that you can use it on anything and get Amazon rewards. I think the rewards points could be a little more considering how often I use the card. Overall - I like it!
Only got the card for the $30 or so gift card/account credit. Was a little skeptical at first from people saying they had troubles trying to find out how to pay off their card and racking up fees and such. I had to wait to receive the card in the mail so I could get the information to set up my chase account for the credit. I only use it once or twice a month on amazon to keep the account open. Was pre approved for a $1500 limit and that is way more than I need but it works and helps build my credit, (not that I need it). As long as you are smart and pay it off in full each month you should have no worries.
Had one problem, but with the bank, not the card.  The amount on my payment check was picked up as $2995.00 instead of $29.95. The only reason I found out about this before all my other checks bounced was because I tried to use the card again and it was denied.  When I called, a very helpful person rerouted my call to the proper bank department and all was fixed pretty quickly.  When I made the first call I truly expected to be transferred ad infinitum until I found myself back at the beginning.  So despite the actual problem, this is really a positive review for customer service.
I love this card. It is easy to use and the interest on it is very reasonable if you pay it off fairly quickly. I like that you get rewards no matter what you purchase. Of course you get the most rewards when you use it to buy something on Amazon. They e-mail me when it is time to pay and then let me know when they receive my payment. I would recommend this card to any responsible person.
This is a great card. There is some kind of bonus points where you can cash in and buy stuff as well. I have not used them yet,  just letting them build up for right now.There are no complaints, great service.
This is extremely usable particularly with Amazon.  However, this has a very high interest rating from what I could see, which means that it needs to be paid off immediately with each purchase.  The standard minimum payment gives either 3 or 4 times the initial price of items bought with it. It is NOT a 'store' credit card; use it wisely and it's a great bonus.  Don't and it isn't.
The Amazon rewards card is really one of the best cards out there. The cash back sectors are abundant and relevant to real life. I use it when I go to restaurants and then I'll go to check out at Amazon to find redemption points I wasn't even aware that I had; awesome! My only complaint would have to be the low limit that I have on this card and the high interest. I never pay interest anyway but if I ever had to it's kind of steep and a $700 limit?! That is too low! But I have other credit cards so it isn't the worst thing in the world. Review customers accounts to see if they qualify for a limit increase or a credit decrease and I'll give you the additional star. :) Other than that, no complaints awesome card because of the cash back percentages!
It makes shopping on Amazon easy and convenient. There was a month where I didn't work due to an injury and it sure made it nice that I didn't have to worry about buying gifts that I needed that month.
Is an excellent card to have for many purchases other than those made through Amazon.com.The biggest disappointment I have is the new annual charge I'll be faced with come renewal time. Being on a very fixed and limited monthly income, I won't be able to swallow another increase on any card, let alone the one issued by Amazon. From what I've seen on the website, there is a vast number of customers very unhappy, and ditching their card even before renewal time.
I use this card for all my purchases on Amazon.com.  This makes it easy to track things I have purchased.  Use it for most of my Christmas gifts.  Easy to purchase gifts without having to go to the mall.
I have had no opportunity to use the Amazon Visa Card as all my purchases over the past few years have been paid by means of a Visa card issued by another institution.
I've only used it twice and it has been very good and I will continue to use it whenever I use Amazon.
This card can be used anywhere VISA cards are accepted and rewards are credited with each use and every transaction.
Benefits are not the best and it does not always pick up food if it is associated with other things like a hotel/casino/etc.
I got an instant rebate on my first purchase  AND  then $$ off my next purchase, just for having used the card.Pat R
Simple easy financing, great reward points, makes shopping on line a pleasant expieriance which I had never done unti amazon and rewards Visa card
Amazon.com had the gift items I wanted, and the Visa card served its purpose well to do last minute shopping!.
This card is great. It has great rewards and the customer satisfaction is wonderful. I would recommend to a friend at any time.
Building my credit, great card to get, buy and using is very simple.  Linked directly to my amazon account, can purchase straight from my kindle.
its a credit card what can you say LOL!!!I buy things it then I pay them it works oh ya it's pretty blue LOL
I have digital, gift, and merchandise orders on amazon.com, all on my amazon card.  can't really tell points earned per purchase without clicking each transaction (if you have over a 50 transactions a month this is annoying) and unfortunately there is an expenditure ceiling i reached with purchasing and i no longer earn 3pts per amazon purchase, 2pts for food and gas, and 1 pt everything else:  seems to be all 1 pt now.  Here is where chase is at fault:  50 to 100 transactions (think per episode) all labelled amazon.com merchandise on a credit card statement doesn't really alert me to anything amiss, I have to go through my not as easily scanned amazon.com order history where orders only show up about 5 per page and digital is on a separate link.
It is a credit card that has a reward structure that grants you amazon points that can be used against anything sold on Amazon. Since amazon has a diverse offering of products, the rewards work well for me. It is still a credit card and should be treated like one. Pay it off when you have a balance and you will see the value.
The card is efficient, and problem free. So far it is everything I expected in a card. Nice discounts every so often.
I truly enjoy checking out, and having a rewards point option reducing or eliminating a fee, ThanksAs competitive as banks are today - I, a customer, appreciate what you do
Convenient card, comes very handy when paying for products.  Really like the apply deduction part, that's what I keep using the most.
A great way to give High School and College Graduates going away gifts. Also a great way to get birthday and anniversary gifts.
I've had this card for about a year and use it frequently. I'm a frequent Amazon shopper and Prime member, so I enjoy getting triple rewards for my Amazon purchases. The points I've accumulated have made some "wishlist" items a reality for me. But this is a card that you need to be careful to pay off every month because the interest rates will bite you.
The Amazon rewards card is wonderful.  I use Amazon a lot, and it makes a difference using their card.  Who doesn't love points?
Since I do the majority of my purchasing on Amazon, finally decided I should take advantage of rewards and apply for their card (which is through Chase).Like other 1 star reviews, was given the dreaded 30 day response. I am completely baffled at what you must need to qualify. I've got good income, great debt to credit ratio, no negative accounts, no past 30 days and median FICO above 760 (and yes actual FICO, not that Vantage Score monitoring services use). In fact, this is the first time I've been denied credit since I've had a credit history. Now I have a dinged inquiry on report to look forward to...Update:Well looks like I was too quick to disparage the card. Received what I thought was the denial letter, only to find it it was a verify ID letter. Seems I must of miss-answered a question. Once I went through the verify process over the phone, was approved.
I was pretty happy with it because of the shipping however having to pay 99.00 a year hasn't really suited me because I wouldn't have to pay that on the regular cards that I use.  I'd prefer to pay less and get it shipped to me in a slower amount of time.  And actually may cancel the card because of the 99.00 fee.
EASY CARD TO USE WITH GREAT REWARDS.  PLAN ON KEEPING THIS CARD AND GETTING RID OF ALL OTHERS CARS I HAVE.
I really like that they have a card offering.They go thorough Chase, and I really like that the site has auto-pay and rewards.If you can get a good interest rate, totally go for this!
Considering that this is my first card I don't have much to compare it to. Considering Amazon is a nice place to buy a large range of products you can earn points to take points off your next Amazon purchase which is nice, and earn more points when you buy from Amazon. Visa is also accepted pretty much anywhere, at least where I live anyway so that's another plus. Although I feel like the amount of time from when you get the bill and when it is due is kind of short though. But that might just be me.
Since I do the majority of my purchasing on Amazon, finally decided I should take advantage of rewards and apply for their card (which is through Chase).Like other 1 star reviews, was given the dreaded 30 day response. I am completely baffled at what you must need to qualify. I've got good income, great debt to credit ratio, no negative accounts, no past 30 days and median FICO above 760 (and yes actual FICO, not that Vantage Score monitoring services use). In fact, this is the first time I've been denied credit since I've had a credit history. Now I have a dinged inquiry on report to look forward to...Update:Well looks like I was too quick to disparage the card. Received what I thought was the denial letter, only to find it it was a verify ID letter. Seems I must of miss-answered a question. Once I went through the verify process over the phone, was approved.
I drive 630 miles a week for my commute to and from work, and I sometimes drive to conferences that are 2 to 4 hours away. I buy lots of gas so the rewards add up quickly.
The Amazon rewards card is extremely easy to use, maybe too easy.. One click and your heart's desire is on the way.
Certain policies that Chase Bank utilizes I don't agree with .The card is ideal for anyone wanting to use a Visa card with rewards or just as a plain Visa card .Yes I would recommend a Chase card to other people .
I have had great experience with this card. I would recommend it to all first time card holders. Great way to get your credit score up.
I've had this card for a couple of years and I knew what I was getting into when I got it. I use it like an American Express and pay it off at the end of each month or maybe 2 months if I've made a larger purchase. I put plane tickets, hotels, stuff I buy online, etc on here and yes you get points. I've been able to get a number of items for little to no cost because of that card, but yes, it all fell into the constraints of the card policies.As others have said, know what you are getting into. Your Mommy can't always hold a pillow under your butt for when you fall down.
I got this card because when I was buying something off of amazon.com they gave me an incentive to save about 50% off of what I was buying. So I applied and they approved.  I like this card because it automatically saved me money.  The bank is Chase and if Amazon is that trustworthy of Chase I will be too.  I suppose I could have given this card a 5 star rating but it's a credit card and I choose to just like it instead of love it :-).  It also has a good percentage rate instead of some crazy outlandish rate.
awesome!works great for me. Use it for  99% of my Xmasshopping. Ideal for shopping on Amazon.com or use it elsewhere
I just don't use this card that much but when I do, it's like any other good credit card that is linked to some service with benefits/rewards.
It's a chase visa card, it works and accumulates reward points, what more can I say. They were very flexible when I told them when I wanted to have my payment due date and pay my credit card kudos for that.
Awesome card and all moneys spent gives points for items purchased later online and really helps with buying power.  I should have got this card years ago
Love getting the points on purchases. Pay off your balance and redeem points. Great as long as you don't carry balance.
What a great card and program, considering the tough economic times! You earn 3X points on all Amazon.com purchases, which for me, is where I do a lot of my shopping. In addition: 2X points on fuel/dining and 1X points on everything else.If you spent $100 on Amazon, you would get 300 points = $3.00 in rewards. It basically equates to 3% reward; same principle for 2X points and 1X.This card has been very economical for me. You get $30 off your first Amazon.com purchase just for signing up! Driving to the store with high gas prices? Forget that! I find so often, that I spend less ordering on Amazon.com (and usually with free shipping). Even when there are shipping charges, sometimes the shipping costs and purchase prices are still the same or less than it would be to drive across town. In short, this card is a no-brainer for me. To me the best part of Amazon is you can read customer reviews, company ratings and see detailed  product pictures to make better informed decisions!I think a person is going to be hard pressed to find a rewards card offering more than 3% rewards without a substantial fee. I once had a card that offered 5% with no annual fee (BP Rewards Visa), but the program changed (I am sure this is not the only one) and the rewards are not as they used to be.I've only had the Amazon.com Rewards card for a few months and I have saved so much money! Not only have I found much better deals on Amazon, than I would have elsewhere, I have saved at least $80 just in rewards or discounts. My advice to everybody, myself included, is to learn to shop smart and know a good deal when you see one. I plan on keeping this card. I love it! No annual fee. I never carry a balance on credit cards, so for me, this card is like getting free money in rewards. I will take anything I can get, and this card certainly delivers!
This card is the most convenient card and Only one I own. I love the Amazon credit points I earn when I use it.
to pay for pretty much everything that I purchase online.  I pay it online to avoid or lower the interest on each purchase.
I like this card, makes it quick and easy for Amazon and other purchases.  Rewards are pretty decent.I would recommend this card to all.
I haven't had this card very long; however, I'm please with the service thus far.  It offers rewards that pertain to me that I can use to obtain things that I desire.
So far been very happy with card.  I've only used it a few times with rewards for purchases from Amazon, and the rewards are subtracted from original price of product automatically.  As I use it more, more upgrade to 5 Star Rating, but since I used it so little, will give it 4 Stars for now.
Very happy with this product.  It really worked. The leaks in my Jacuzzi were sealed, we didn't lose anymore water, and now we are readyto get in it again.  The product is safe.
I Got an instant approval for $2500 last night. I went to buy a book with that credit card and i Got 2 emails saying my credit card was not working or it was declined.One last night and one tonight. This was the first time i used it and amazon put it directly as a default card so there was no mistakes made. Has anyone else had this experience or know why it's doing this? Thanks
I love this card because I do a lot of shopping online through amazon so with every purchase I gain points towards other purchases.
I enjoy having this card for many reasons.  Foremost--the rewards help when I buy things at Amazon.com.  I just wish my credit limit was higher.  It is too low considering my credit history.
I have enjoyed the amazon rewards visa card. It is a good card. Would like to see more rewards offered outside of the amazon site. Overall, I am quite pleased.
It's a rewards card where you get points for purchasing on Amazon, and if you're a person who continuously orders from Amazon, it's definitely the card to have. Low interest rates is also a big plus. The only reason I am not giving a perfect score is because it has a low CL, but I know in due time it will increase.
Recv'd package promptly, intact, no problems.I haven't tried the product yet, but will soon.From what quilting articles have said, this productdoes produce good results. We shall see :)Susan
I really enjoy the Amazon card. I use this card only now. The $0 annual fee is something that all card companies should provide. Recommend to anyone looking for a new card company.
I have not used it much but it is easy to use. I did cancel Prime because it is too expensive.
Like the extra points options.  Don't shop on Amazon that much but using it for double points on gas purchases.
I loved my Borders card as books are my weakness. I still bought books after they were gone and mostly from amazon so this just makes that a little less of a drain on my bank account. I put a little sticky label on the back so I would remember to use it in all the right places. I think I use my rewards every month and not just because of books. Amazon has a lot of the things I can not get in my small town. if you are going to eat at a restaurant or buy gas or shop at Amazon this card is a nice extra.
I like the card but I believe that I should have been given a higher limit.It's very convienient and I have  to say I do love the rewards.
Rewards point system works better and easy as its getting updated live in amazon account.  Other than than its just a Credit Card, If you use wisely good , else its bad.I dont know how to write a better review than this.
I like the rewards. I am impressed when compared to other cards.I wished I had knowledge of this card much earlier
I like having the card that is easy to use on all my Amazon purchases, and I can also use on my other online purchases.  This way everything is on one card and I trust Amazon with my personal info.
Visa cardThis card works well for me.  I have had no problems weith it at any establishment when using it for purchases..
I have only used this card for purchases at Amazon and I must say I am really pleased.  Check out is much easier, I never have to check and make sure the numbers are correct and I am completely confident that the transaction is secure because it's all about Amazon.  We have decided to cease using our American Express card because the rewards just aren't that good and will start using this card more once I check our the rewards program.
If this card included PRIME - it would be a no brainer...  Amazon should consider this as an option...  Thanks!
I haven't used this new card much yet but it seems to be a good card to have.  No fee but I can earn rewards.  Easy to sign up for paperless billing, payments, etc.  So far so good.
Very please with rewards and amazon credit. I don't use it to its full benefit.I would like the easier ability to use rewards when ordering on a mobile device.
I don't have a high available balance so i dont really use it for amazon purchases. I would go over the half way point really fast and lower my credit score. So I still use my amazon store card mostly.
I read the reviews which stated they found it difficult to make payments. I have had the card for a few months and never have any issues. I am able to log on and do a transfer well in advance. I get my statements emailed and this makes it very easy to manage. I have yet to use any of the reward points but it is easy to see them accumulate.
I use many cards to get the most cash back and pay them off monthly, so this was a no brainer as much as i use amazon.pros:instant approval, used for transaction same day (that was a nice feature)bonus money ($79) for applying made my Disney movies nearly free.chase automatically added to my existing account so online management is a snaprewards are sometimes better than other cards i hold (as of Jan 2014) but not enough to get a 5 star rating without leading in all categories.&#34;You will earn 3 points for each $1 of Net Purchases made at Amazon.com (including digital downloads, Amazon.com Gift Cards, Amazon Fresh orders, Amazon Prime subscription, and items sold by third-party merchants through Amazon.com's marketplace)&#34;can't beat 3 points / $1 on amazon.com&#34;Two Points: You will earn 2 points for each $1 of Net Purchases made in any of the following categories: gas stations; drugstores; office supply stores; restaurants.&#34;2% gas station rewards are not enough to entice me to use the card since i get 5% on two other cards year round.2% on drugstores is not a place i shop that often but it doesn't match the 3% on another card, so i refrain from using it here.2% on office supply stores is nice, but again, its lower than other cards most of the year.2% on restaurants is only better part of the year (5% during 1/2 the year for other cards).I also don't mind pulling out one card vs another to get better rewards, so if Amazon/chase could up their categories to meet other card rewards, then it would be easy to always reach for the Amazon Rewards Visa card.Another category that is not covered is grocery stores.  Cards like Amex Blue cash offer 3% cash back at supermarkets.Again, if the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card offered a better grocery store and gas station rewards it would be the only card i carry.Also, it seems the 1% on everything else is standard fair for credit cards these days and I usually opt for another cash back card out of habit.  If they made the default 2%, that would be easier to break that habit as it would beat even cap one quicksilver base of 1.5% for everything.hope this helps someone...
I have used this card since November 2013 and used it a lot for Christmas purchases and Kindle products. I like the fact I receive points that I can apply to get discount on purchases. It's easy to use card with perks!!
MIRRORS ARRIVED SAFELY!  PACKAGING WAS VERY SECURE AND NO DAMAGE ON THE GLASS.THE PAINT AROUND THE FRAME HAD A FEW SMALL &#34;BUBBLES&#34;... I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO SEE THIS!I DID NOT SEND THEM BACK BECAUSE OF COST OF RETURN SHIPPING! I LOVE THE &#34;LOOK&#34; OF THE MIRRORS.THEY ARE THE PERFECT SIZE AND THE  CLEAN LOOK THAT I WANTED. I JUST AM CONCERNED ABOUT THE AIRBUBBLES IN THE PAINT!
It has made it more convenient for me to purchase and the reward points are great to give a little more incentive but just don't be late on an at least minimal payment each month becuz you get charged $25.oo boo!!
I have made many purchases using my rewards card and it really pays off! What I love the most is the variety of things available to me at Amazon.com. It truly is one stop shopping.
It is easy to activate and useful.  I would recommend it to any of my friends.  I like it. Thank you.
I've only had the card for a few months now but I like this card.  I like the fact that you can earn reward points on Amazon and in other stores.
I like this card a lot. Although there's nothing extremely spectacular about this card I'd rate it as a good card. Does what any other credit card could or would do. Glad to carry it around with me for sure.
I like to have this card linked to my Amazon account, I just use it for that, get some points, and once in a while I use them to get something.
I have just recently secured this card.  So far, I have only used it twice with no problems. Will use more in the future and am sure the experience will be a positive one.
The Amazon visa is the card I use for Amazon purchases.  I do not use it otherwise so I have no opinion nor experience.  It works well when ordering from Amazon since it comes up automatically when you sign in.
I pay my credit card bill in full every month, so this card allows me to add up some great points, and as I already do, shop at Amazon.com. The card is great as well as the customer service that comes with it.
the nice thng about this visa card it that you get reward points for every purchase.  when you go to check out, Amazon lets you know how much you have earned and you can apply it to the card if you choose
bought this fan, it is really quiet and I like the color black, light weight and I can control it with the remote.  I would buy this product again
I can't believe I can not set up rewards to go to credit balance and have to wait until I have 2000 points to do so.  This is 21st century get with it
I had been delighted with the service and support folk while using my card for a year.Then, I got disenchanted because of a payment issue.  I was not happy with the one personthat I spoke with, however, my support of the card and their support people has beenhealed by a very proactive rep., that worked with me in reviewing my payments and making the corrections that made us both contented and satisfied.  I thank her for restoring my belief in Amazon and their card.Now, I, once again, would recommend it to others.
Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card is convenient to use.  It makes purchasing items at Amazon easy and fast.  But the interest rate could be a lot better.
Fast purchase , very convenient for me, but only one thing they need to let customer know how they calculate all the reward and how much customer earn on each product they buy....also make sure amazon promote their product with more point to let customer know , they'll get more benefit if they purchase amazon product... I think amazon product will move faster....
works for me need to increase credit line but for the most part its a wonderful card i reccommend it to any one
I love this card. I love the fact that you earn rewards and could use them towards purchasing items on amazon.
This card is perfect for whatever you need in a hurry. The rewards are nice to help with your needs. All in all a good card.
just a regular card , am being responsible with it, and really glad i can go into Chase Banks and make a payment as well, as well as free phone payment.
I like the convenience of the amazon card through their site. The apr is a bit high but keep it paid off and its all good. Like that you can ern amazon points.
I am a young man, 26, and I only have one other credit card besides this one. As so, I was skeptical about signing up for the Amazon rewards card. My other card has a very small line of credit, and it being my first credit card I made sure that it was a simple one I could understand and with hardly any risk attached to it. The Amazon rewards card was a step up from my first card--my first try at a "prestigious" credit card. I was happy to see that I was quickly accepted (I only hope I was accepted due to my credit rating and not because Amazon is just handing out credit cards, not worried how many people end up in debt, unable to pay). Since receiving the card, I've been very pleased with it. I have a $1000 credit line (which works perfect for me) and so I am able to always use the card since I've yet to go over my credit limit. I love building points directly with Amazon (I'd never had a card that did this and was very skeptical as to whether or not it was a good deal)--I just made a purchase of $100 on Amazon a couple weeks ago and with my rewards points my total was knocked all the way down to $70. Rewards points are easy to access and follow, payments are very quick and not at all troublesome, and overall it's really nice having a credit card that is directly set up with Amazon so that I can access certain attributes of the card through more than one point of access. I would highly suggest this credit card to anyone who is adamant about paying their bills on time. The APR on this card is something like 24% (double check for yourself, I could be wrong), so paying minimum payments and trying to catch up on the balance will really cost you. But if you're one who always pays the balance off on your credit cards and never have an accumulating balance, then I strongly encourage you to apply for this card.
I have been able to use it just about everywhere we have tryed. Have not tryed he points yet tho.
so far so good on the card, no complaints yet..Wish I could build rewards faster.Would recommend card to anyone who was looking at buy allot on amazon
Love the savings on Amazon.  Wish it could be used for air miles or savings on Prime membership.  I will continue to use the card.
So far the card is great!  No issues at all -- customer service very knowledgeable about their product which is a great plus --they quickly route you to the right place with any problem or issue you may be having. They can answer most of your questions on one call unlike other customer service centers. Even the online orders process is very streamlined.  So I really like using the card - Good so far!
Depending on how you use this card, it will definitely benefit you. For example, you earn points every time you use this card, but buying directly from Amazon sellers (not any other sellers on Amazon.com) allows you to earn more points. In my opinion, as long as you're good financing your own bills this card is recommended.
While the terms of this Visa card aren't the greatest, I have been pleasantly surprised by how quickly your Amazon rewards are accumulated.  I have also enjoyed the easy integration into the Amazon checkout process of the rewards points.  The Card is through Chase which has average customer service (not as bad as US Bank and not as good as Capital One).  I would overall recommend this card to anyone who uses Amazon on a fairly regular basis.
Use this card all the time. Always could use a lower interest rate (none). Haha and double the points.  But who wants to be greedy?
I love their gift card and points policy. Though I did not used the cards yet, I still satisfied with their cards and it is same as Americard  with Bank of America!!
My card is easy to use and I don't have to go through a bunch of  credit.steps after making a purchase.
Happy with this door. Sizing was right on.  Second time I purchased this door. First one lasted 16 years, I used it for my dog because she was a little on the hefty side and very short. So she was able to go in and out easily.  The only thing I dont like is if door is on the windy side of your house, the wind will blow the flap open letting in debrie. Although you can lock door.  For the price its pretty good. It has weather stripping around the flap on the inside of door.  My dogs like it. They dont have any problems with it.
The Amazon Visa card has great coverage for lost/stolen luggage, trip protection, and the rewards are comparable to the Discover Card.
All steps made easy and simple with the Amazon Rewards Visa card just the way I like it!Thanks Amazon.
Card works like any other. I encountered a problem today with an order placed a couple of days ago, using the points.Placing the order, it showed more points than the item I was buying. I used the points only to find a previous purchase, also using points, had not yet processed, which then showed more points than I actually had. I would have no way of knowing that.I received an e-mail stating the order was canceled due to insufficient funds. The issue was not only with the points, but my invoices from Amazon then did not match the order. Never had an issue like this. This is my primary use Visa and I will continue to use it. Just a glitch that needs to be taken care of by Amazon.
It's nice to shop on Amazon and checkout with my card! Super easy thanks!!! Wish it had perks or rewards program though
I love everything about this card except the interest rate... but hey... its a credit card!  I actually got this to improve my credit only.  But its actually been more convenient to use then any other card i've ever had. And the rewards program rocks.
Getting up to 3% in Amazon Rewards money for purchases made on the card is a great way to build up some Amazon "mad money" I can actually use instead of other cards' "points" that never seem to do anything for me.  However, note that even the best rate of 13.24% on purchases will wipe out that pretty quickly if you carry a balance.Five stars for sure if it had an ongoing 0% for X months on Amazon purchases feature.  That would probably inspire more spending!
I have been using this card for barely 2 months now.The card is fine, like any other visa card, can be used to make purchases anywhere.The best part is the points can be redeemed wheile making purchases at amazon.com, for example if I have 1200 points, then $12 discount would apply at the checkout. However, they have a list of qualifiable purchases and at times I feel I dont get enough points. I am definitely looking into other cards.
I have only used the card for a short time, however, I pleased with the features such as the rate you accumulate points and the options available to pay my account.  At this point, I have not had any problems with a retailer accepting the card or any issues which would require me to contact the customer service unit of the company that manages the card on behalf of Amazon. I elected this card only for specific items/charges which I pay off ASAP.
It has been convenient to use, no issues except with starting the online process with Chase.  No real issues, just not as simple and straighforward as other banks in the very beginning.  It has been smooth from then on.
SO FAR IT HAS BEEN GOOD. SECURITY MIGHT NEED IMPROVED. ACOUNT HACK, HAD TO GET NEW CARD ALREADY. STILL USING. SEE IF THERE IS IMPOVEMENT.
I like the look of the card, and it gives reward points when shopping on amazon. Plus, I don't need to enter the card number every time I use it.
It is GREAT to have this Amazon.com rewards VISA card! Got $30 to spend on Amazon.com immediately when your card application is approved, so..... GREAT!!!
I like the card but I have another that generates more points and use permanently, but this is good. Thank
It's worth if it you regularly buy from Amazon, and if you pay off your balance each month. If not, the rewards won't balance out the interest.
I've been using this card for a while and I have hands-on experience with credit card processing though my work. It's just like any other credit card by the Visa association, though its benefits revolve around Amazon. The reward points though take a while to become available and there is no indication whatsoever about when they will become available, once a payment is made. Also, there is no breakdown of the points, something that wouldn't cost much to implement (slice-and-dice analytics are simple enough to be done by an intern), but can yield invaluable information to the credit card user, helping him/her adjust the expenses accordingly.
This is a good card if you travel a lot. You must however travel frequently to get the advantages of this card.
had it for a month now and i love it but will up date in the next few months if that changes.
I Like the Card but i didnt get the 50$ Gift Card, Ill update my review if i get the 50$ card. I'm actually really suprized that i was approved. When i got My discover card through Amazon and my amazon visa card i got the gift card both times but not this time.
4 stars because you do not make it easy to pay this bill
Great card for all of your amazon purchases.
This is a great card,easy to use and easy online payment. I did wish that the amazon credit card was an actual card and not a harden piece of paper. but overall i do like the service of the card.
i'm not big on credit cards(18-22% int), i do love the variety and access and the ease of getting things. I also give you guys, (Amazon) kudos for how you handle disputes and or give credits when there's a problem, that speaks volume with that way money is now, hey keep up the good work
how nice to have the store card.  wouldn't it be nice if we could use it on other web sites.
This is a pretty good card. I usually buy one or two things and pay it off within a month or so. It's nice to have a little spending money even when I really don't. It's easy to over-do it; just keep an eye on your spending and due dates. :)
you must pay attention closely when using any credit card ,this one is no different you must already have a payback plan in motion before charging then you will be ok ,and develop positive credit ,If the credit is not enough to use on the things you would like then purchase a few small things over the next year and pay them off early ,within each statement period .Then it is more likely to get a credit extension .
I pay the account within the time allotted so no interest accrues.  It is convenient for me to have this for big purchases.
It would be so helpful and so much easier if we could pay our Amazon Store Card using a credit card instead of a checking account. This is really the only thing That I can think of off hand that would make a big difference in using this card. Thanks...
As a 22-year-old with a full-time job, I was still hesitant about getting ANY sort of credit card, regardless of how much I needed it. I avoid debt in any way possible, but decided to give the Amazon Card a try when I moved into a new house last year and needed a few pieces of furniture. Overall, I have had a great experience with this card. I pay on time and I pay more than what is due most of the time. I got promotional pricing on a very expensive electronic that I purchased, and I just paid it off completely, in time to NOT have to pay the interest that had accrued. A year to pay off a $929 purchase with NO interest if you pay correctly?! How can you complain about that? I enjoy the savings that Amazon offers and having this card has really helped me out, whether I wanted cute furniture or needed medical textbooks! The ONLY complaint that I have about the card is that it takes my payment 4-5 days to post. It's frustrating to make a payment then not have it even show up in my bank account for almost a week. I don't think that this is my bank's fault. Other than that, great experience and great customer service.
i have my computer set to select amazon store credit payment and when I,get to this page and review my statement and other info I am not able to make anykind of selection to take me  to the shopping store. I have to exit and do an amazon search.
Nothing or no one in this world is perfect and there will always be something that may not meet our expectation. I have been dealing with Amazon for quite a while and I think they are great. Having the Store Card is a plus. The trick is to order one item at a time and pay if off before ordering again.
Still have not used it but still looking to c wat i can use n buy or wat i want
Only complain is that when you do a payment it takes them a while to withdraw and post on account.
You need to know that if you make a large purchase and then make subsequent purchases, you payments go to the subsequent purchases, mostly.  That means the balance on your initial large purchase is not being reduced by the total amounts of your payments. That is very important if you are trying to payoff a promotional balance and avoid having to pay the interest on that promotional purchase.
I've been using this card so far for 8 months now. I've been keeping very close tabs on all the balances that I have so therefore I won't get dinged for interest. The only thing truly preventing a 5 star rating is the inability to direct where your payments go as they will be stretched over your entire balance placed evenly about all of your purchases hitting your bigger ones more than smaller ones.
I made my payment on 5/4/13 and was charged a late fee of 25.00 for a late payment for the month of May.  I thought humm? must be a mistake since the payment was not due until 5/28/13!  Nope, my response from customer service was that my billing cycle did not end until 5/6/13 therfore my payment was applied to the previous billing period (which I had already made two other payments).  I usually pay twice a month just because, but didnt in May, so I felt kind of shafted.  If this is how credit card companies make their money, I should have stayed away!  So I really do not know when to pay my bill since I do not receive statements, I am just going to pay it off, who needs debt anyway.  Other than than nothing special about the card, it allows you to pay for items on Amazon, charge a huge interest rate, no rewards like other companies,  and treat their loyal customers this!! Bye Bye amazon store credit card, enjoy my 25.00 bucks!  Really sucks cause I really liked Amazon.com.Revision:  I spoke with customer service and the reversed the charge, now that I know what  to expect I have no complaints, changed my rating from one to 4 stars.
So far my experience over the past few months with a half dozen seperate purchases have been great ! Shipping is quick and easy and things were priced right. In fact most items showed up a little quicker than the projected date.
The hardest thing in the world is to pay off a cc balance every month. I have had no problems with the cc site or in understanding how to make payments. If you pay the minimum, don't make anymore purchases until it's paid in full. Otherwise, add what you purchased to your minimum payment. Keep in mind, and if you can do the math, making only the minimum will not get your purchase paid for in the required time if you are using the special financing. Again, do the math and check your statements. A $150 purchase can be paid off with $25 a month, with the last month needing a little more for the taxes and any other charges. But a $250 purchase will require $42 a month. People, read what is required and check your statements. I have been very pleased with my experience and will very soon have my TV paid for. Thank you Amazon. When I am done, I may try your other card for the $50 credit.
I found the use of this card so much easier ....nice to know exactly what I am ordering on Amazon and also be able to follow each purchase and payment. Payment on site was easy!! Thanks Amazon ...good typical store card!
I've had this amazon account for a few months now and love how easy it is to find information, make payments and search through for items.
Sort of odd to rate a credit card but here goes: I obtained the card, primarily, for convenience. It never expires and I don't have to worry that my charges won't be authorized because I forgot to update the info associated with bank credit card on file (expiration date, three-digit code on back.)What I like:- Convenience-  Occasional promotions for larger purchasers (but read details closely beforehand)- Easy to pay my bill online.What I Think Can Be Improved:- Make it easier to find the store card payment page for first-time-users.- Purchases default to this card for payment after you obtain it. That should be personal choice.- I went to set up my Amazon Prime membership renewal using this card as the new payment option. It doesn't even appear as an option to do this.Overall: It's credit and the interest rate is somewhat high but you know that going in. If used wisely it can make life easier and more convenient for Amazon purchases. GE Bank is easy to deal with and I have other credit through them. Payments get posted on time and never had an issue. Hope all this is helpful.
The credit card from Amazon functions great. Once the webpages are loaded to a favorites list on a browser it is easy to access your account. The website could be a little less cluttered, which compared to an Amazon account page is less intuitive to use. All in all its a useful line of credit when paying for items. The paper statements are extremely useful in keeping on-time with payments and viewing detailed account information.
Wish the APR was a little lower on this amazon card, but other then that a perfect card and a good line of credit given!!!
This card has been so very easy to use for purchasing products & kindle books.  Glad to have it!  Thanks Amazon!!!
..........when my payment is due.Thanks.p.s. I don't want my credit to &#34;suffer&#34; because of non payment.thanks again, mrs. sanchez
With my Prime membership and my Amazon Store Card, I simply can't go wrong.  Sure, I carry a balance most months, but I am careful to take advantage of the promotions if I do. No sales tax or shipping charges, and the couple of bucks interest on my miniscule balance...breaks even for me. I don't have to provide another credit card number online, which makes me feel better for online purchases.For bigger stuff, I do use other cards or direct debit...but this is a GE Capital line of credit, so it's reputable. Buyer beware: you have to pay attention to your due date.  I see complaints from others about interest rates and bad credit scores. This only happens if you don't pay your bill on time.  Even electronic payments aren't always instantaneous. It's important to be proactive. At this point, the review has become blahblahblah.  I love my Amazon Store Card, and that's all I've got to say about thay-at.
Store credit should always be treated very cautiously. As someone that has worked very hard and successfully gotten my credit house in order, I've learned that cards like this should ONLY be used for large purchases so that you can take advantage of the deferred interest promotion. The easiest way to handle repayment without taxing yourself is to divide the total amount used for your purchase by the total time for the deferment (6, 12, 18 months) to avoid interest charges. No one likes interest at 25.99%.This is NOT a card to use for normal, everyday purchases like Kindle books or music. If it's not more than $149, use your debit card instead. (That's what I do.)Key takeaways:- Only use for large ticket items that you can manage the equivalent monthly payments for (over $149) - don't go overboard and buy a $2000 Smart TV that you can't afford the monthly payments on.- Pay your bill on time- Set yourself up to win and split the payments evenly to avoid the accrued interest.That said, I haven't had any issues at all with the card and the usage has been pretty flawless and uneventful. I pay my bills on time, never been late, and I'm about to pay off the balance on the card early. I'm glad I decided to apply for this and having it available in the event I need to make a large purchase is very convenient.
Just love Amazon and the card has been convenient.  I plan to use the site and my card again. Thanks.
The card is fine but the fact that it's next to impossible to see/find when the total is due by is sneaky and wrong.
Not bad as far as credit cards go. I missed a payment because of an electronic reminder glitch, but the next day, I was forgiven and the $25.00 late fee was waived.  I do find that fee to be exhorbitant, but as long as you're careful and don't miss payments, you should be fine.  My only other concern is that I bought a large ticket item several months ago that was eligible for 0% interest as long as I paid it off in six months.  There's no way to tell if that purchase is still included in my total.  I'll have to give them a call.
Good card to have when you love to shop, to tend to find all that you need on Amazon and having there card comes in handy.
I know what a late charge is and I understand that if you are 1 day late you will get a late charge, but I was charged $35 late charge and I paid my bill 26 days early.  My bill is due on the 28th of every month.  I paid my November bill online on the 28th.  Then on December 1 I decided to pay off the card since I had the money in the bank.  I then used the card to purchase more items.  I thought since I made a payment in December that would count as my December payment.  To my surprise when I logged on today, January 5, I had a $35 dollar late charge for December. What!  What a crock.  I guess they want to get as much money as they can, any way they can even from their very loyal customers.  I did find a phone number to call to dispute a late charge, we will see what they say.  Like I don't have better things to do.Update:1/22/14- after looking into this, it seems my statement date is the 5th of the month and my due date is the 28th of the month. Since I did not make a payment during that time I received the late charge.  I just received a letter stating they refunded that $35.  I am raising my rating from a 1 to a 4 for taking care of this matter fairly quickly and without much hassle. It seems they listened to what the customer had to say,found that it was reasonable, and took care of the matter.
I LOVE the Amazon store card.  But, this is NOT the right card or credit option for people who run balances; I'm sure the finance charges are outrageous.  The no-financing option is great, but beware.  Sometimes, items are automatically billed under this option and there's no way to change that.  Also, you have to be careful about subsequent purchases made in addition to what you bought under the no-financing plan.  You have to pay off the additional items IN FULL PLUS the minimum payment on the original purchase(s), or you will be charged finance charges on the entire balance.  Unfortunately, it took getting "burned" once to realize this; that is why 4 stars and not 5.  Once you know the trick to managing the payment, it's a no-brainer.  Two years to pay off a flat-screen with NO interest, no tax, no shipping.  How can you go wrong?  Customer service has always been very helpful.
works well for me at this time i can get all my christmas shopping done and paid for before christmas or not love the flexiblity
Very pleased with my use of the store card.  Have used both direct pay and my bank pay and found them easy and reliable for making early or on time payments.
I've been very happy with the card I pay what I  can on the due date. Do my own payments no automatic for me. I want to be the one in charge! Love the card and have not had any problems at all that some of you have mentioned.
Great overall way to purchase products from Amazon.com!I would love it if Amazon Store Card would work with the Mint.com service so I could view and manage my transaction in terms of reporting and budgeting!
got the card to save $10. Worked out fine.  Billing came.  Sent check.  Since I have Pay Pal, It's hard to tell how often I will use it.  I imagine when I purchase from Amazon the store card will be the appropriate mode of payment.
I love the card for easy of purchase and delivery. During the holiday season i bought all my gifts through Amazon and they were all delivered untime. Now i always check on Amazon before i buy anything on line and trust me they always have what i am looking for and for the price.
Had a bit of difficulty at first trying to pay my bill online.  But once I figured it out, Amazon led me to where I had to go and after that it was a piece of cake.  I am very careful when doing online services but I felt secure and the site was very helpful.
The only trouble I have had is getting credit for a return.  when I sent the request Amazon came back with an e-mail telling me it was on them and to keep it -but they never credited my account and sent no answer to my e-mail (customer service) regarding this problem.  As for the products and shipping etc there has been no problem and everything has been great.
I am no planning on using the card at all, I just wanted to have it for my first purchase. I want to keep just two credit cards.
I love having the amazon store card. It really made my credit soar. This was the first credit card i ever had and it is a life saver. The only thing i dont like about it is i have had it for 5 years now and last month i finally got credit limit raise of $200 dollars. I have a another credit card by capital one they gave me a $1000 dollars credit limit increase and i have only have had them two years.
I love this card, because it allows me to buy big purchases when I don't have the money on hand at the time, and then I can pay it off little by little. I do however know that if I'm not careful with it, it could mean a lot of trouble because of the interest you have to pay if you miss a payment, or don't pay it off by the final due date.But like I said, this card is wonderful if you know what you're getting yourself into, you make sure to pay your card on time (usually a week before because it takes awhile to process your payment) and by the final due date. :]
They should let people pay this with Amazon Gift Cards. Seems like it would be a simple solution for those who are having a hard time with GE accepting on-line bank payments and those who cannot link up to their account. Since the Amazon Store Card is attached to your Amazon Account when you purchase items, and Gift cards are used preferentially on purchases, seems like a win-win for both Amazon and their customers.AMENDMENT: I spoke with an Amazon Rep and was told that you can, in fact, use an Amazon gift card to pay your Amazon Store Card on-line. So, for those who are having difficulty, or who are so paperless, they do not order checks anymore...this is seems like a great way to go.
I am very happy you with you I always use my card and I saved my money and my item
I had trouble paying an online payment. It said it did not recognize my computer. I put in the right information. Maybe next time it will let me do it easily. The card is sensational. I always pay my purchase off quickly. I have never had a big purchase but maybe in the future. Enjoy my card for music and small purchases.
I have not had any problems with my orders. Have exchanged and returned with know problem. I am very pleased with the service I have been getting. Thank you
I went to the GE website to make a payment. I was not aware I could pay on Amazon. I was a nightmare. They wanted to charge me a $10 fee to accept the payment because THEIR WEBSITE WASN'T WORKING! Please make sure people realize they can pay directly on Amazon for FREE. Also, I have a PAPER CARD. How do I get a regular plastic Amazon store card. Thank you.
As the other reviews stated, this card is great when used responsibly and you understand how to use it.Just one wish: Being able to add the card to Mint.com.
I have been using this card for many years and I could not be happier. Think about this, so far I did buy from Amazon.com, using this card, 4 TVs, from 32" to 60", and paid no taxes, no interest and no shipping. Did I mention that on two of those TVs I had the chance to pay up to 24 months, again with no interest? Clearly if you fail to make timely payments interest will hit you, but that is not the card to blame.Bottom line, if you use this card responsible will be a great tool for those items that you may want to finance over 6, 12 and 24 months.P. S. The guy that delivered the TVs above 50" actually installed them and cleaned after. Not the card service but Amazon.com though.
Overall I am very satisfied with my Amazon card. The interest rate IS high but that's how it is with almost all store cards... but how many stores can you buy practically anything you can think of in one place?? Online bill paying is simple once you figure it out. Like any other credit card as long as you're responsible with it you will be just fine.
The credit card is like most any other.  If you let balances build up, you pay more interest.  However, the combination of the Store Card and the amazing ease of the Amazon account procedure makes the card look fantastic.  Placing orders, requesting changes and making returns is seamless.  If the government took a page from this operation, many of their services would run so much better.
I am a long-time customer of Amazon.com online shopping. In general, the company's policies and procedures are excellent (including Amazon's Marketplace partners and associates) and they have much improved since the earlier years. This statement applies to their privacy and security policies and procedures as well. However, the ability to link to GE Online Store Card to make payments is still a matter of personal concern. One can never be too careful as many fraudulent sites attempt to gain access to private information. Amazon.com should make it easy for this process to occur by providing direct links to the Store Card payment center not just to the credit application centers. This flaw makes their online retail business less than perfect.
Great card if used responsibly. No one likes to pay interest. Be sure to set account up properly and pay off oldest first.
Pros- charge now pay laterpros- great credit line (for me) may vary for each person depending on several factorscons- high interest if your late (I have never been late)You have to be responsible but that's with anything you do..
The only thing I don't like is that if I ever forget my password, I will need to type in my entire account number as part of the authentication process.  The only thing is that there's no way for me to actually know the entire account number since thestatement and any emails only have the last 4 digits. And I don't have a physical card.  So how am I supposed to know theaccount number, may I ask?
I wish amazon would send a e-mail when your payment is coming due. That would help greatly and you would not have to worry about being late or anything else.
I have had an amazon card for several years, each month I have to tried to set up automatic payments with no success. I logged into amazon today and got a pleasant surprise. I found a nice, workable program that didn't require brain surgery. I have always used the KISS method. Looks like someone else is using this method also.
I have had my "store-branded" Amazon card for quite some time and used it responsibly.It has been a great convenience and allows quick accurately handled purchases with(in my case) super-fast delivery even with super-saver shipping. I think it helps tolive in the "center" of the US, in Indiana, since Indianapolis is both a UPS and USPSair freight hub. I have never had a damaged item and only a couple of items that were"over-packed". I just use the extra packing for items for books that I sell through myAmazon store which I also enjoy running very much. Overall, Amazon is really a "next-cenury"retailer that has and will continue to succeed as long a Jeff Bezos stays at the helm.
this was a easy process which allows me to move on items at Amazon easily.Well done and I look forward to using this account in the near future.  Great idea for the holidays!!
I think this is funny how based on the ratings you either love this card or hate this card. I am giving it 4 stars because I, unlike many people, understand what you're getting into when you get a credit card - CREDIT, which then they charge you interest if you don't pay on time.This card has been very good for large purchases, just like the one I made yesterday for my Holiday shopping. Take advantage of the 0% interest for X months (6, 12, 18). This will allow you to pay it off over time and it will cost you just the same as cash. Make sure you pay it off on time thought because you are accruing interest from the day you made your purchase.The are only two gripes I have with this card is that they invoices are confusing, the other is their lack of communication. I made a large purchase for the Holidays which consisted of 40 products equaling over $600. It came out to about 15 orders. Because of the number of orders GE decided to put a hold on my card and I received an email from Amazon.com that my payment method had been declined. I called up GE and they said because of the number of orders they put a hold on the card. IT WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO GET AN EMAIL OR PHONE CALL ASKING IF I MADE THOSE PURCHASES. No email or phone call, I had to call them and get the hold removed.Other than those two things this card is great for large purchases that I can pay for over time with no interest. Or for small purchases I know I will pay off each month.
I really liked that I was able to purchase a large price item interest free, but I think the price point could be lower than $149.00.I am usually on top of all my bills, so paying items off is usually not a problem.  Do be careful when ordering little items and reallykeep up on when the payments are due.  I also have to say I am not crazy about the statements, they are not really updated asthey could be and I seem to always have to wait for credits to show up from corrections on prices or refunds etc.  That doesmake me worry sometimes that I should have to keep checking in.  To end on a positive note, the card has enabled me to buylarger purchases that are managable to pay off.
IT WAS EASY TO ACCESS MY ACCOUNT.I HAD NO PROBLEMSUSING NOR PAYING THE BILL. WHAT I LIKE MOST NO ANNUAL FEE.
As long as I do my part by paying my minimum balance, the card really is no trouble at all. I feel most people run into problems when they miss a payment or are short on their minimum balance.
I like the convenience of an Amazon Credit Card, however, I hate that they raise and lower your credit limit without notification and randomly. It may hurt your credit score in the short run. If your financially responsible this shouldn't' be a problem. 21 and still learning!
I love my Amazon Store Card and was given an original credit limit  much higher that I have now, then  it was increased even further several months after that. I have never missed a payment, and have been paying off my balance each month, I have never made a minimum payment.  I thought I was doing very well, my credit score was very high - THEN SOMETHING HAPPENED that I do not understand at all.  All of a sudden, my credit limit was decreased, without notice to me, and I have not been able to get a reason from Amazon or GE Credit why this happened.  I have two credit cards, TOTAL.  They are both always paid off each month, if I use them at all.  There doesn't seem to be any valid reason for the decrease in my credit limit.  It was decreased from a much higher credit limit down to $630.00 with no explanation.  tt would be different if I were habitually late on payments, or had multiple credit accounts, but I only have two, and they are Amazon and  ONE major Bank Credit Card.  They are both in very good standing, as a matter of fact, my credit report reads that I always make my payments and I am NEVER late. I inquired about this through Amazon, and I have never been given a satisfactory reason for this decrease. I think my payment history should count for something, and  have asked that it be re-evaluated.  I have never received a response from Amazon regarding this request.I was a victim of identity theft in November-December, 2011 and had a Paypal Credit Card stolen from me, before I was ever able to use it.  When I received my first bill  I knew something was terribly wrong and I called Paypal and closed the account immediately, then Paypal did an investigation and I was found to be &#34;NOT AT FAULT&#34; for any of this debt.  It was removed from my credit report too. I have a letter from Paypal to provide proof that I was not responsible for this billl,  and it has never been questioned. While I love Amazon products, and have enjoyed the freedom of being able to shop on line, I am very disapppointed that this decrease has occurred in my credit limit and it has curtailed my spending at Amazon considerably. It was significantly lowered, allowing me no freedom to even purchase a computer, and I am not only very disturbed by this, but also very hurt, due to my payment record.I LOVE AMAZON, I love the prices and the convenience of shopping and would like to have my credit limit increased at least to a point where I can make everyday purchases comfortably.  That is the only complaint I have with AMAZON  and I have been shopping with you for years.  I will continue to shop in the future, but would like an adequate credit limit restored.  I have also enjoyed exceptional customer service from everyone I have dealt with at AMAZON.Thank you for allowing me to share my experience.
I am an Amazon Fanboy for sure, and this card is very convenient.  I would like to warn the readers that if you don't pay this card off every month you are looking at a hefty thirty percent finance charge.  Otherwise, I'm glad to have this instrument.
The web interface is great. However, I will increase to 5 stars when Quicken compatibility is achieved so I no longer have to manually enter transaction into the ledger.
Happy with Amazon and thankful for the credit...But if you don't use it for 6 months they drop your credit line..Mine was dropped by almost 600.00...Rep on phone said 1f you don't use it for a year I think...they could close your account...Kind of irritating..But I guess I'll have to spend more lol....
You make it to easy to spend my money. Love your prime membership. The interest rate is to high. Good Job
I've only had this card for about 6 months but so far I've had no issues. Of course, one must use any line of credit responsibly. I only use it for month to month purchases and pay off the balance at the end of the billing cycle so I haven't been hit with high penalties. But for no reason at all Amazon increased my credit limit without my requesting it. I didn't need the increase as I have yet to make a purchase that required more than one payment for payoff. I'm not going to complain though because any unused credit amount increases my credit score. I wouldn't suggest making any purchase that is going to take longer than the "no interest if paid by" time limit. So far, so good.
All the products are wonderful! My only problem is that on the account list, the dates and prices are listed but not the item. At least not listed on the My Account and payment page. I also love the  ease of purchase and the quick delivery! No interest and mostly no shipping charges (with My Prime) and the one click ease of ordering. I also have my own problem of getting to the correct page where my billing is listed! I need to write down a map of sorts!Great shopping especially since I am older and can't handle long searches through a Mall! Love it, sitting in my recliner and having a cup of coffee.So very glad to have Amazon!Please list the product purchased next to the price on the billing page?!Fran Quihuis and family
Its has been great! Products show up on time and the reviews are a must read. I just don't give a 5 rating, but maybe I should because I've had no issues with amazon.
I don't find the website to be hard to use at all. My only complaint is that the only way to pay my bill is to use a checking account, which for me is a pain because I got this credit card figuring that I could use my debit card to pay my bill... not my checking account that I didn't have!! I had to go get one!
The Amazon store card is easy to apply for. It is convenient to use when purchasing on Amazon. BUT, just try to find a link to pay your bill. You would think it would be under "your account", but NO. Every month I go trough the same scenario of trying to find the link. I believe I have stumble upon one in the past but it is so well hidden that I can never remember how I got there. I would give the card 5 stars if it weren't for this.
do I really need to goto amazons site then this one to see what the charge is for, right now I have an eleven dollar charge and it's a refund I think, it says charge of two days ago but I purchased nothing but a six dollar game which I see on here so what is the eleven, should say refund pending or something and there should be descriptions next to charge.Update; this card comes in handy for those extra items needed cables, splitters, games on sale, dvds on sale use it regularly.
Problems with Kindle Fire!  I am questioning my balance (lower than I think it should be), but will watch carefully.
So far I am satisfied with the service that I get.  I just have one question.  Why does it take so long when I make a payment for it to be credited to my account?  It takes over a week for the payment to show up as posted!!!  I understand that you folks are busy but, I would think that there would be some kind of an acknowledgement or something.  For example,  I made a payment that is supposed to take place today.  It has been known for some time, and yet nothing is done!  Is that so you can charge more interest or what?  I know that this probably won't make sense to most of you that read this, but I have never had anything take so long to clear in my life!  I have gotten all of my orders in a timely fashion, everything is in great shape,  I just don't get what is taking so long on the payment end, that is all.
i find it hard to see my recent purchases, i used too on this online statement on 2012. now 2013 not able. i like that i can edit payments. i would like to schedule more than one payment a at time... all in all is not that bad
This credit card's promotional rate is based on the amount of money that you finance. If you finance between $299-499 you have 6 months interest free. If you finance $500-1200 then you get up to 1 year interest free, and so on. That being said that after charging a few thousand dollars worth of goods over the years (and adequately paying off the balances -mostly- before the expiration dates I paid under $40 in interest charges. If you are a responsible shopper this is the card for you. Be mindful that if you are not, that the 24.99% interest charge will definitely be a shock to your 'financial system'. Ultimately it works well for me. (Tip: keep the promotional expiration date in mind). Happy mindful shopping!!
If you buy items over the Internet, the Amazon Store card is a great card to have. Like any other credit accoount, is must be managed responsibly. I find it a very convenient card to have.
the only problem I have is Amazon keeps asking me for the numbers on a credit card and I have been using my amazon store card and pay for it monthly.  Please email me information about this Carolyn Martilini - kyrajamine@yahoo.com
you should make a button for returns other than that i love amazonput it under customer service so it is easy to get to
Don't accidentally delete your bill which is e-mailed to you!  I did when "cleaning" out my e-mails the other day (so many Amazon e-mails!), and I deleted my bill.  I was charged $25.00 late fee plus interest.  I was only 10 days late when I received another bill for the items plus late fee and interest!  Valuable lesson learned!  I paid the bill immediately, but wish I had had a reminder!  I could have purchased products with the late fee/interest.  I still love Amazon.com!
I have used Amazon is they first came out. Unless there is a difficulty I will continue to use them for all my shopping needs! THANK YOU!!!
I read  many reviews, and like me, most are very happy with their card. It seems the ones that where not happy could not figure out to access the site to make a payment - I to went to my amazon account and could not find an easy way to access the payment method - However once I read one of the answers that said to go to gemoney.com amazon I incurred no problems accessing and paying on my account. If not for the round about way I had to get to the payment page, I would have given it a five star. Very happy with this service as I shop a lot on Amazon.
SITE EASY TO OPERATE FIRST TIME USER NOW YOU ARE MAKING IT DIFFICULT BY WANTING MORE ENOUGH IS ENOUGH I HOPE WE ARE THRU
I've got several credit accounts through GE Capital Bank, and I'm completely satisfied with those accounts which are basically set up like the Amazon account. The only drawback I've seen in this card so far is that the 6 month, 12 month, and 24 month financing does not apply to one click purchases, or phone orders. One must be careful and read all the terms and conditions.
The card is all good but took me like 15 min. to find out where to make an online payment...!!!!!!!
I like it, cause I don't have to wait in line or being in traffic and I like the 90 days policy no interested rate
To have any value at all you need to understand what this card is.It is a credit line directly to amazon. Not a visa, amex or MC It has a very high interest rate 25+ % and late fees are HighHow can i make this work for me?---It takes advantage of promotion "Same as cash" plans. Purchase any item at $X.00 and have no interest for 3,6 or 12 months.So what does this mean to me?---It means you better pay that balance off before the interest comes due or you will really regret it as interest starts calculating on day one.How do I use it?---Lets say I purchase and item that's $500 and interest free for 1 year. I setup automatic payments every payday(every 2 weeks in my case)for $25 = $50/m = $500 in 10m. No interest paid. I would not advise making multipole large purchases on this as you could confuse promotional periods and get stuck with a whopper of an interest bill.The site you access your card statement and billing is unreliable. If you are a person who waits until the last day to make your payment DO NOT GET THIS CARD. You are just asking for late fees. Pay early and often. If you are on a promo period pay it early, 12m in 10, 6m in 5 etc.But used correctly this card has great value.Combine amazons good prices, quick prime shipping and then add in same as cash promotional periods there is little need to go to any big box store to buy an item
I accidentally ordered two spin mops by accident and could not cancel one in time. I also used my bank debit card and almost went into financial disaster but I caught the mistake I think there should be at least a 24 hour waiting period to stop an order or at least 18 hours before processing.
Super card if used correctly  Pay it off  each month and don't keep a balance on the credit card period!
Everything went well with getting the credit line and all is understood with the rules...however aftger last night it added my new card to the list of payment options. Which was wonderful. I got on the next day to order a couple small items that I need for a recent purchase I made. Unfortunately the card is no longer in my list of options even though I still have the credit line. So is it that this card can only be used on purchases $599.00 or more???? If so then its kind of worthless for me to have...the one time I purchased something over $599.00 I decided to try and get this credit line...I got it...and it was $100.00 less than what I was purchasing and since they dont allow you to split up payment options I think I got kind screwed! Oh well...I just need to know if this credit line is only available for the higher purchases and not purchases $100 to $598.00!!
This is a really great card.  I really like the ability and ease of being able to pay with this card.  The thing that I hate the most though, like others have said, is fininding the link!  It would be MUCH EASIER if they could somehow link it to my Amazon account so I wouldn't have to log into different places.  This also applies to the Amazon Visa card.  Wish it would like up to my Amazon account as well.
TRYING TO NOT USE CREDIT CARDS I SHREDED MOST OF THEM THEN I NEEDED TO GET A FEW THINGS HAD NEVER REALLY GONE THRU THE AMAZON SITE. I FOUND MANY THINGS THAT HELPED ME IN MY GIFT GIVING JAM .HAPPY WITH THE SITE & SERVICE.
Buying on the one click with the amazon store card is very easy, but for small purchases that don't qualify for special interest, the regular interest (25%) is awfully steep.
I don't understand why, as a first time registered user of the amazon.com store card I have to figure out how to get to the correct URL. Why isn't the correct URL just printed on the card? Instead of sending registrants to the amazon.com/storecard they should be sending them right away to the www.gemoney.com/amazon site. If I have to go to FAQ to find the right URL (which I never do for any other card registration), and this only after searching every possible payment option menu first the process is definitely not user friendly. I shouldn't have to spend 5 minutes to find the correct log-on page and I definitely shouldn't have to be making a phone call to a customer service rep to get help. I think it would be great to fix for other first-time card users.
I absolutely love Amazon.com I always find what I wantStaff are so helpful and patientSo glad I opened a store accountmakes things so much easier
sorry i can't have that card right now,,i don't have the money to work on the AMAZON card, it does sound great,, i just can't have one right now,, maybe later in time thank you for everything, i will still buy your stuff from this site though... thank you...\Christine Cianci
It is so easy to use.  Amazon has mastered the credit card.  I love to use it.  My only suggestion is to not go paperless.  It is hard to know when a payment is do otherwise.  They have vastly improved the website, although more needs to be done.  Overall they make the purchase experience very convenient.
Pay attention when using this card. I did not falter, but came close a couple of times. The promotional rate(s) have been great, and I am sure I saved money with them? but the statement was so hard to understand that I'm really not sure. So to be safe, I paid the balance on two large purchases off as fast as I could. Nothing about this account is intuitive accept for way the site always wants to default to it for purchases.  :)Really, not a bad card and I'd like to tell you what my default interest rate is but I don't know. Just spent 30 minutes on the GE Capital site trying to find out but no luck.The other thing I would be mindful of, is that if you like to pay these sorts of things online like I do, make sure to note the payment website, because good luck finding it in a pinch.Other that these two items, great card, great service, and prompt replacement when it was lost.
I am not certain that the APR (finance interest rate) is a great deal, but for quick purchases, or when you need to buy something in a hurry and don't have the extra cash, it's a Godsend.  Applying was a breeze, and the credit line amount was more than I expected.  It's funded by GE Capital Bank and probably would be a great way for people with no credit history, or repairing slow pay history to improve ratings by using the account and making on time payments.  Very convenient and payments post promptly.
As with any credit card or credit live you HAVE to pay attention to  the fine print! This one is about the same a s others and fair enough. Just make sure you pay MORE than the minimum amount due! Amazon Credit card ia a great way to buy!
the twelve month interest free financing made this car worth while. It make purchasing things easy. i need more words for this comment
Well, I really like this card. It's nice to have a card you can use quickly BUT I received acall today telling me I  h not me my payment. I thought I had paid through paypal ( bill me later). I never received any other statement. So be very careful about  your statements.
I am brand new, but appreciate the reviews posted.  I wanted to start with 5 stars but getting into my account first time was a failure as I didn't' know I had a password.  The password reset process was not clear and more difficult than necessary; it should have been highlighted on the initial sign in page when the entered password failed as in all other websites I've ever known.  Calling the phone number was frustrating as I had to listen to all sorts of things I didn't need or didn't want to listen to; the first time through the reset process I missed it, and had to go through the whole process again.Finally I reached an &#34;Agent&#34; and she was terrific!  Very patient and clear in taking me through.  Since you are reading this you have apparently gotten through the system so this won't be very helpful.
The ease of payment is unbelievable.  If this would have been backed by Chase, I wouldn't have applied.What I would like to see is the payments coming out of my checking account faster.  I did have one glitchwith an order.  When I went to checkout, the payment went automatically to the Amazon card.  I checkedthe one-click, and yes, it was disbled.  The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
I have had nothing but good experience using this.  I try to keep the purchase amount limited and pay off each month.  It has been very simple to schedule the payments ahead of time and make sure they are paid on time.
I am really shocked when reading all BAD reviews for this card..  Despite not having a problem so far, it has made me leery to the point that I will be watching my debits and credits even more closely than I have in the past.  And the accumulative interest that is tacked on every now and then is confusing to me; never really notice it before.  Now I will watch for it.  Boy, I hope I don't have to go through some of the challenges that other customers have in using this card.  Thusfar I like the convenience of the card, but that can change if I run into a problem that can't be quickly and readily resolved.
I want to set up an online payment through my bank and I need information on where to send my electronic payment.  I am not going to give you my routing # and Bank Account number.  I make all of my paymentsthrough my bank.  I need GE moneys account number to send my payment, GE phone #, and address. I'm not going to allow an entity to automatic withdraw money from my checking or savings account.
read other customers ratings, and  time will tell.  so easy to navigate  I haven't had a return yet but I am very positive.
I used the credir card on here. I made a substanstial payment. I entered the account number wrong. Lets see how it works now.
There are way too many one star reviews and every one I have read are not at all because of the store card. It is a lack of understanding and knowledge of credit card in general. So, let me dispel many of those reviews.Overall, I love this card. It is an easy way to buy purchases on amazon without having to save any credit card information. On top of this, there are numerous promotional credits where as long as you pay minimum payments you can get deferred interest for 3,6,12 months. What does that mean? The interest rate is ridiculously high (25.99%), but what store credit cards aren't. Each month you do not pay your promotional purchase, they add up the interest rate. So after your 6 months of promotional rate, if you did not pay the amoun off, the interest rate they have been adding up for 6months gets tagged onto the amount. So, with that said, as long as you pay off the amount BEFORE the promotional time period ends, all the interest is waived. Perfect. It gives you time to PLAN out your own payments. With that said, it requires effort on the account holder to look at the statement and see when the promotional time period ends.What many people do not realize:If you make a purchase that does not fall under a promotional period, this gets paid off first (it is the law) UNLESS your promotional period is within 60 days of expiring. So if you have 50 dollars with no promotional period (i.e, you are going to get charged an interest rate at the end of the billing cycle) and you have 50 dollars under a promotional period that will expire within 60 days, the $50 dollars you pay for that month's bill will go to the 50 dollars with the promotional period ending in 60 days NOT the amount that is getting charged the interest rate. PLEASE UNDERSTAND THIS.Yes, the reason I gave it four stars is that it would be nice to be able to easily allocate your payment to a specific purchase, but let's be honest, most store cards don't allow this.Other responses to the one star reviewers:1) The front page of the amazon store card gives you recent transactions, a link to make a payment, a link to see a statement, when your last payment was made, when the next one is due, how much credit is available and if you would want to ask for a credit increase in addition to other information.2) Don't complain about late fees, every credit card has them, you cannot review a card with one star because it was on the fault of the account owner. Take ownership. If you are getting nailed with late fees,and you are still making a payment on the due date--move your payment day up a day. if you cannot afford to, you shouldn't have the card.3)If you are not comfortable putting your personal information to pay an online, maybe you shouldn't get a credit card for an ONLINE retailer.In summary: Make larger purchases to get the promotional rates and be aware of when they expire before you make everyday purchases that do not have a promotional rate. Not rocket science, just read the statements and take a moment to understand the store credit card.
My credit isn't great, but I was still able to get this card to help with small purchases and start rebuilding some positive credit history. Since it's already been said, I won't rehash all the details, but definitely read the other reviews and understand the terms before getting the card. Make a plan for repayment that works for you and that you can pay ON TIME, because the late fees are steep!
everything has been just fine execpt the 25.00 late fee tacked on when I had a payment pending that was scheduled on time.take it off nd you will get one more star
Do yourself a favor and read some more reviews. They reveal the truth about this card.Edit 2:After using the card some more I've been able to set 5% back as the default and have now bumped it up to 4 stars. Leaving the last star off due to all the confusion (see below and other reviews). Once you figure everything out, it's actually a great card if you buy frequently from amazon.End edit 2Edit:You can get the 5% credit. But every time you make a purchase you have to select a new credit card and select the store card and then 5%. I don't see a way of making it the default payment. The customer service was helpful and corrected the issue to my liking (supposedly as I have to wait 3 statements to find out). I'll keep the card for now. Adjusting from 1 start to 3.End editMoreover, when I applied there was an inaccurately advertised promotion that stated that this card gives 5% back as a statement credit.  It does not. It is only on the first purchase and only if it qualifies.  My first purchase was from an amazon seller and not directly from amazon. So I only get financing.So now I am just wasting time canceling the card.
The deferred interest deals are good and make this card worth getting.  The website has a page that shows you when your promotional purchases need to be paid by, making it easy to budget accordingly.  The login page can be a bit tricky to find, but a google search for "amazon store card" gets you right there.
The card is great, very convenient to use.  Finding where to make the payment on the site is tricky!  Have had to search.  They must have improved that, or I finally got it (lol) because today I was able to get right to it.  All in all, I give it 4 stars
The promotional offers for 6 months zero interest for purchases over $149 and corresponding 12 month promotion are great.  It allows you to make large purchase and make regular payments to pay it off.  Yes, they might have bad fees, but if you set it up and be RESPONSIBLE you don't have to worry about them.  If you take 6 days in a row and set up your equal payments to be scheduled, you don't have to worry about making payments on time.  They give you all opportunities to pay on time.  Where else can you have everything at your finger tips and get basically free money for 6 months?
I have bought numerous items, some with promotion pay date and some with out. The first items i bought has 6 months interest free. I found on my statement that they were charging me interest. I rang them up and they were very good about correcting the error. I do like one reviewer suggested: divide the amount by the months and pay that amount. Even with other non promotional pay dates the amount was enough to get the promotion items paid in time with no interest.About Amazon shop....  I highly suggest that you buy your item straight from Amazon and not any of their sub companies unless it is a known reputable company..  Everything I have bought through Amazon but is shipped through a different company has been screwed up on delivery or inferior quality and customer service.
Amazon is one of my top shopping sources. Always find the best deals and the shipping is the BEST, so fast and so far flawless.To get 5 stars, they will have to give a much higher credit limit. I will buy a lot more, making several payments a month is a pain in the rear.
appreciate getting the card,love the promotional purchases.just wish I could allocate payments to promos first,online,like other ge cards.other than that ,love the card
This review will be based on, Line of credit, benefit of applying for this card, and ease of making payment online (not by phone) and why I gave it this credit card 4 stars.The line  of credit you will get obviously depends on your credit score and the amount of money that you make. Some people lie on the application and say they make a few thousand dollars  more than they actually make and they can get away with it in order to get a better line of credit. I am not encouraging this but simply stating what many do when they apply for credit.The benefit of applying for Amazon Store credit card, given that you are approved , is you can make purchases on specified Amazon store items , such as Big Screen TV's, Game Consoles, Furniture and many other items  that are interest free for 12 months and sometimes 24 months depending on the item and its cost. I purchased a 65 in LG TV and stand with the Amazon Credit Card.The ease making your payments online for this credit card is fairly easy once you sign up.  To sign up, Go to  "Your Account"  then "Amazon Credit Cards" and sign up.  During the sign-up, you will have to enter a checking or savings bank account only once,  in order for funds to be withdrawn whenever you want to make an online credit card payment along with username and pw of your choice, security question etc...  Once you are signed up, you are ready to make payments. (yeah.. how exciting..)  To make a payment you simply use the same stepts of going to "Your Account" then "Amazon Credit Cards" and make your monthly payment. You will also receive monthly statements via email.Why four stars? Once you are approved, you will be mailed a credit card along with a lengthy credit card agreement that you also view online prior to accepting the agreement. The credit card that you get it is not actually physical plastic credit card but rather a piece of paper in shape of a credit similar to an insurance card. You don't get any discounts or further amazon benefits other than the interest free offers. The interest rate 25.99%! That may or may not matter for some but as long as you make your payments prior the interest-free mature date  then you shouldn't worry about the the ridiculously  high interest rate. Besides, we're all responsible amazon buyers here right? ;PI did not have the opportunity to speak with a live customer service rep because I handled my payments  online.  I read a review from someone stating that you are charged  an addl $15  surcharge to make a payment over the phone. If that is the case, I strongly recommend that you  make your payments online instead. You will avoid the wait time and the representative fee(if they actually charge). The Bank that offers you the line of credit is GE Capital Retail Bank. If you are concern of the practices of this bank you can do further google research to see what others are saying about this bank as you should on any company or bank you wish to do business with.  Other than that, If you make your payments on time before the interest-free offer ends ,you pay it online  and you don't go over the limit , you shouldn't have any problem with this or any other bank card.
I have not had any problems, purchasing or paying, with Amazon. This is a very convenient way to shop. Fun.