The card is probably one of the best rewards card for the typical spender. 5% back on gas, and 3% on groceries, plus if you do end up having to carry a balance it's only 9.9%, so if you can't pay one month the rewards, if used to buy those items, will still outweigh the interest for about 3-6 months. The down side is that it's probably one of the hardest cards to get, excluding the ones designed for people with very high incomes. Unless your credit rating is pushing at least 750, it's probably a waste to even bother. Even then, I've read of 800 scores being denied. If your income to debt ratio is over 25% or so, don't bother applying from what they told me. They're very, very picky. So in response to another reviewer, they are legit, but the vast majority of applications I suspect amount to nothing more than a charity donation followed by a denial. They do still allow you to get a visa gift card though, but in set amounts only.If you do apply, the sign up bonus they offer here is very poor. There are usually much higher ones if you google it.
I've had minimal problems (which were resolved quickly), the bonuses are great - and I received an e-mail with my certificate just shy of three weeks after my first purchase... and prior to the end of my first billing cycle.A few things come to mind with this card:The intro APR is great for large purchases and small alike.  If you have a solid payment history after the intro period runs out, if you call Discover and politely say something along the lines of: "This XX.99% APR is a bit too high for me to keep using this card." They might just lower it to a more reasonable rate.  I base this solely on experience with other card companies.  If that doesn't work, just stop using it for a while... they'll miss you (for example I stopped using a Chase card for a while and not only did they lower my APR but they boosted my limit without me calling to ask them - just ensure the card doesn't have some crazy deactivation clause).Regarding the gift card promo offer, I think it's important to note that the e-mail from Discover states: "Amazon.com is not a sponsor of this promotion."  With that in mind it leads me to believe that many people are having issues with Discover's end of things.Possible ways to ensure you receive your gift card without issues:1. Prior to signing up for the card, ensure your cookies are enabled (silly rudimentary instructions but I know cookie issues can be a problem with some purchases/bonuses made through "shop discover" that I've encountered - which I might add were squared away with a phone call to Discover within five minutes).2. After you sign up for your Discover card be sure to create your online account, then make a purchase as soon as you receive/activate your card.3. Then watch the e-mail you registered your Discover account with, and hopefully the gift card will just show up (I had expected to jump through some hoops for it based on other reviews here, but it wasn't the main selling point for me, it was just a nice bonus I figured I'd have to work for).
Received an email from Discover with a claim code for a $50 Amazon gift card.  Unlike other reviewers, I had no problems.  Discover sent the $50 without my having to contact them.  My first credit card transaction was 9/4/12 and I received the email from Discover 10/4/12.  So only 30 days.  It appears that Discover has fixed their automated system for distributing the bonus.
I apply for the credit card, brought something real quick and got my $75 gift card claim code via email. So, for what I wanted from this credit card I'm very happy now I can set it aside for a very rainy day.
I've had my Discover card for less than 2 weeks and already received my $75 Gift Card Code! Right when I got it, filled my gas tank, waited for it to post to the account, then made an online payment, then received my redemption code this morning. Plus they honored the other offers that were going on when i applied (no interest for X amount of months). I really do recommend people to look at this card, plus customer service is friendly and you can understand them (not a call center in India)!
when i read other reviews on here i thought i might never get my amazon gift card but within a month i got it as a email very easy 75 dollars for credit card with o% 14 months cant get better than this !!
I don't understand all of the negative reviews.  It sounds like several people were very impatient and expected to receive their Amazon gift card immediately.  If you read the terms of the gift card promotion, it clearly states that you will not receive the gift card until after you make your first purchase.  By the way, this is not an Amazon promotion as some of the reviews have stated.  It is a Discover Card promotion, so if you have any questions regarding your gift card, you need to address them to Discover Card not Amazon.The process was very simple and straight-forward for me.  I filled out the online application and was approved within seconds.  I received my Discover Card within about a week, activated it, and made my first purchase.  About this time, I also received an email from Discover reminding me about the gift card promotion.  The email clearly stated that I would receive a gift card claim code rather than a physical gift card, and it also clearly stated that it could take up to 8 weeks after my first purchase to receive the gift card claim code.Within two weeks of making my first purchase, I received another email from Discover which contained the promised gift card claim code.  I immediately logged on to Amazon, applied the gift card to my account, and that was it.  The process could not have been more easy.  It just takes a little patience.
It took me about 2 weeks to receive the $75 reward. To get the reward sooner, you have to make your first purchase asap. The customer service is excellent, and the customer care person is talking from USA: voice clear and friendly!
My husband and I spent a long time going back and forth about which credit card to get. We finally settled on the Discover More card. So far so good. We earn cash back on every purchase, and it applies to our account promptly after the bill closes for the month. I was skeptical about the running into places that don't accept Discover card, but so far have not had any issues.I did notice that all the other reviewers had a difficult time receiving their Amazon gift card. I am not sure if they changed their process or what, but we received our gift card about 6 weeks after we opened our account. It arrived from discover, with a code for an electronic gift card, without us having to do anything special to receive it.Overall, would highly recommend this card, and the Amazon gift card was just an added bonus.
BECU is awesome and they have the best member service ever!!  I have been a member owner since the month they first opened up access to all WA state residents and became not just for Boeing employees--that's over 6 years now and I've never looked back! So what if they require you to become a member to use their services. It's a MEMBER OWNED NOT FOR PROFIT CREDIT UNION, not a bank. They do things a little differently than banks. Including things like offering great low rates with practically no fees.  They also pay you interest on money kept in your accounts starting with the first cent you deposit and at a rate that actually amounts to more than 69 cents at the end of the year. Or how about allowing you instant access to your money when it's deposited. Unlike the banks, which enjoy holding it in some limbo or "unavailable" status for days or even weeks with each and every single deposit and/or charging fees when your available drops below a certain level or absolutely any other shady thing they can do to get their hands on YOUR money and KEEP it.... Do you like sharing your hard earned cash with Chase Bank and paying more for things than you have to? You vote with your dollar... Are you voting to promote all the big banking BS?  Not me!! Go credit union, especially the not for profit and member owned kind, and you'll never regret it. Wake up people! The extra effort is worth the reward! The only thing you'll ever regret, is not having done it sooner!  It's your money, keep more of it I say...
This card is great. I've been a BECU member for years. They treat you like a person, not a number. I feel like a VIP whenever I talk to them (either in person or over the phone).This card is great for balance transfers as there is NO fee!!!
Love that it links with my Chase account which makes keeping up with my payments and bills easy.
You will always spend more money with a credit card vs cash, but for essentials that you were going to buy anyway and bills you may as well get reward points. Unlike many other reward cards the prices at Amazon actually make it worth it to use the points. They arent charging you an extra 10-20% over retail and then letting you bring the price back down to everyone elses price with reward points.
amzon is great to work with and amzon will help you if you need it and amzon wed has every thing you need to buy
The card was simply UNBELIEVABLE!!UNBELIEVABLE!AMAZING!INCREDIBLE!COULDN'T BELIEVE IT!WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT!I'M STILL AMAZED!THANK YOU!!
This card is amazing and points stack up very quickly. The points are automatically added to your amazon account at the end of a billing cycle and you are then free to use the points whenever you on anything you want on amazon. You also have the option of just receiving cash back with the points if you do not want to use them on amazon. Their hasn't been a downside to this card at this point and I've had no need to call customer service or anything, which is a plus, but I can't comment on how they handle their customers. I would recommend this card to anyone who loves amazon as much as I do, but it also would be an ideal card for those who wouldn't mind a great cash back card.
I use to be afraid of Credit.  I was always subjected to hearing how people tend to abuse theirs and it landed them in some pretty hot water.  As long as you budget yourself you'll be fine, and this card had pretty decent perks to help you utilize it in an appropriate way.
I am very satisfied with this rewards card.  I use Amazon frequently and the rewards point save on shipping and also it alerts me when I can use the earned points.
Very convenient and accepted without question by all merchants I have done business with since I started using the card.I have a good feeling every time I use the card especially when purchasing from Amazon, since they have  on file all the information required to effect the transaction.
Great card if youre a frequent amazon shopper. Purchases equals points and rewards. Low apr and friendly customer service. Its the only card i use now
It's by far my best credit card.I earn tons of points which convert to cash so as I'm shopping on amazon I get items for free.
It is easy to use for any purchase Makes Amazon purchases quick and easy. Great for securing points from the purchases.
My interest is kind of high, but that's on me but at least they approved me for the card. This is my first credit card after getting denied by my own bank.
This is a great card to have! The rewards build quickly and it is easy to shop with them on Amazon.
The Amazon Rewards Chase Card is super simple to use and a great way to earn points to be redeemed at amazon.com! You're already spending money- you might as well be earning rewards! The online payment is easy and they have reminders so you are never late on a payment.
I applied 2 weeks ago and was approved I like the card and will use it wisely  I have also chosen to use another card as my default And only use this wisely when I need toI think that this is a good card for people if they are SMART! vs GREEDYAlso there are things which are wanted vs needed and when this is the issue i pay cash from my debit''I prefer to pay off any card within the time i need to to prevent high interest  ie 14%  duh! Bottom line I needed and wanted this card and now it is my duty  to make sure that my needs are paid for with cash and my desires paid off within 25 days// (Entiendes) understand)  After all i am RESPONSIBLE and there is noone to blame if things go wrong  GO AMAZON!!!! YOU ROCK!!Thanks a lot guys  have a good rest of the yr
I really like this card and the rewards points are great YOU CAN USE THEM TOWARDS YOUR PURCHASES great card
I love that you get more reward points when you order from amazon and that you can use the points you earn as cash on amazon also!
The rewards program is great! If you shop at Amazon a lot and I assume many as I'm do-this is a must card to have!
You have to be approved instantly for the $50 giftcard to be applied to your account.If they need to review your credit manually then the promo will be delayed.I love my card.I already have a Chase checking account and they link right up!I can pay my card off early with my Chase phone application.I pay my bill automatically every month. It comes straight out of my checking and I get all the points.High interest rate. But I pay my bills on-time, so I am not too concerned. Plus I don't spend more than I have!It's really a great credit card. I have had no problems in my first year.No fees, no late charges.I find it hard to believe some people have had difficulty.They mailed my physical card within 3 weeks. The first due date was way past that. I had plenty of time to make my first payment.(I believe some of the complaints are user error)
had the amazon rewards card for a few years,the application process was easy and got approved right away.I try not to keep a balance since the interest rate is a little high but otherwise I'm very pleased with it.
My first &#34;rewards&#34; card, and I was surprised how fast I was able to use what I had accumulated.  Points balance is shown when making a purchase on Amazon.  VERY convenient.
It`s easy to use the Amazon visa card. The number is kept on file so you can place an order very fast.
This card allows me to make purchases faster, many times with savings.  The first time I used it, the savings were substantial.
The card has given me so much ease and speed with all my purchases. Just awesome! I just hope more people discover this and earn from using it.
ordered a FITBIT, arrived on time very happy price was good, going to get started with it  as soon as it gets set up
This card has a decent interest rate, and the service department is very friendly and professional.  I'd definitely recommend this card to anyone.  Thanks, Amazon.  A word of advice to anyone with credit cards - Pay the full amount each month and that is the key to building credit.
I just love this card! I like how I buy things that I need, and then get free money to spend on amazon.com.  It doesn't usually cover my purchase, but 20.00 off a 50.00 item is really nice for me.  I would recommend this card to anyone!
I find that this card fully meets all my AMAZON purchase requirements.  On-line account manipulation is swift and painless.  Bravo-Zulu!
We are very pleased with the products offered by Amazon, the variety, prices and efficient delivery makes it a pleasure to order.  In addition, the card and its rewards applied to the purchases have saved us even more money.  An all round excellent company to be able to do business with.
So far so good.  I received my rewards and I am pleased with the card.  I hope that in the future I will get more rewards and an update on them.  Thankyou!
I HAVE A CHANCE TO USE IT SO FAR AND DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT USING IT BECAUSE I KNOW IT WILL GIVE ME REWARD POINTS TO USE ON OTHER THINGS. IT IS A GREAT CARD.
When I buy or purchase items is so easy my credit card info is already there I love it . I buy again
I like the rewards.  It is worth getting rewards for products you would already buy and enjoy. It is easy to use and there is a link inside the electronic statement to go directly to using the rewards. Highly recommended.
easy, flexible!  Love it. Customer service has been very friendly, and online access is easily navigated.  This is your all-around, all purpose card.
Enjoying this card. Even received an increase in limits Sign up online to pay and view statements. Have had no problems with IT
Excellent offer with no strings attached. Good interest rate and the Amazon bonus points make it an even better deal.
I like using my amazon card. I shop on amazon all the time and having this card makes it even easier.
I never have had a problem with the card.  It is a quick way to order things.  I only wish you could make your payment at amazon  and it would be nice if when you ordered a pop up could tell  you your balance.
I requested this card at Christmas to get a discount on presents I was purchasing.Now, every time I make a purchase it tells me &#34;you have $XX.XX rewards available to use, would you like to?&#34;So, I love that it rewards me for things I was going to buy anyway!
...it has been surprising how quickly I have added points.  By Christmas, my balance should cover my husband's gift.  ...likely more.
Most useful on amazon.com. but wonderfully it is accepted everywhere. Purchases through amazon let you connect this card to your credit card account.
very easy to make a purchase. The transaction goes through immediately and I am able to read the book purchase with no delay.
Very user friendly.  Underwritten by Chase, so definitely has the procmis of giving so much more back and a good company name
If you shot a lot on Amazon, this is a great credit card to9 have because it pays you to use it.  The money you earn back is easily available to you and Amazon keeps track of it, so you don't have to.  At check-out, you are always given the option to spend your reward money on your current purchase and you can choose whether you want to use it or save it for later.
This card is wonderful. I have used my points to shop on amazon.com with no problems. I can pay my bill online and set up multiple payments for future dates without setting up auto pay.
We have been using our Amazon card for several purchases and we love the convenience and are looking forward to quickly adding up our points.  The products from Amazon deliver quickly and we are satisfied with the products.
This card is for those who think &#34;let me check how much it goes for on Amazon first&#34; every time they see something they want to buy.If you do a sizable amount of shopping on Amazon.com then you must get this card.
Amazon Visa credit card rewarding point is a pretty attractive feature. you can use the points toward shopping at Amazon.Checkout the options, pretty nice. I am very happy having that and highly recommend it to anyone shopping regularly at Amazon.
Like this credit card makes it very easy to shop on Amazon as well as the rewards when used elsewhere.
The card comes in handy if you want something on amazon and you don't want to pay out of your pocket if you have enough points you can use the amazon points to purchase what you want instead.
I love it!
I very much enjoy and appreciate having my Amazon Rewards Visa card! It helps me out in a pinch and I can automatically order what i want on Amazon!
LOVE THE EASY-TO-READ, ON-LINE STATEMENT!USE THIS CARD FOR ALL AMAZON AND OTHER PURCHASES.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CARD.
A  great card. Very good service when I lost the card. There has not been any issues. I would recommend
It's great used for my this card this way I can buying anything I need and really help saved for me!!!
I have been using this card since the summer of 2006.  I have total of 5 credit cards, but this is the only card I use to pay for everything; the other 4 cards I only use for certain stores and websites for better points.  Please note that unlike Citi Forward Card, Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card gives a point for purchases at any stores and you do not have to wait for your points to be transferred.You can also redeem your points for Amazon purchases, Amazon gift cards, restaurant gift cards, plane tickets, cash back, or have statement credit ($25.00 for 2,5000 points and $50.00 for 5,000  points).What really stands out with this card is that once or twice a year, you get card member specific deals on Amazon.com.  For instance, in 2010, I was offered 20% discount on specific TVs from Amazon.com only because I was a card holder.  The TV was $1,279.00 and I had received 20% discount, then I had also received $25.00 statement credit because you get 3 points for every dollar you spend at Amazon.com.  In the end, I had paid only $998.20 for the TV with free shipping.  Please note that the same TV was being sold for the same price at Best Buy and Target via online at the time, and the TV still functions well even to this day.Because I use this card for everything, I have had couple of unauthorized charges on this card during the 7 years of use; who knows which merchant or stores kept my card number...  For both times, however, Chase Customer Service was nice enough to refund the unauthorized charges, cancel the card and send me brand new cards via UPS overnight.There were also few other instances where I had received 3 points for not just Amazon purchase, but for all other purchases during certain 3 months summer promotions.For certain users, this card may not work because you do not earn points for such as mortgage payments or other bank to bank financial transactions.  In my case, I always pay my monthly statement balance and do not use the APR rates offered or balance transfers.Hence, if you make most of your purchase from Amazon.com, pay your monthly balance and do not use APR rates or balance transfers, then you would most benefit from using this card as I have been since summer of 2006.
I am having a great experience with this card and the points it earns. I would suggest it to anyone!!
I have no issues with this credit card. I like the choice of using rewards dollars on purchases, or not.
This is good we love it and use it all the time and gets great rewards for it we use al the time
I choose five stars due to my total experience. No back pain with this bed. The only complaint I would have is that the gel infuse does not seem to make that much of a difference than a regular memory foam mattress but all in all I love it.
Very easy to use and implement into your Amazon experience. The terms are easily read and understandable. No complaints here!
I think the amazon visa card is just wonderful.  You earn points when you shop and then you can use your points at amazon to buy stuff.  I am a really big coupon person so when I redeem my visa points while shopping on amazon its like having a really big coupon!!  There has never been a problem with my amazon visa at all.  It is accepted everywhere and very easy to use.  I can also go online to pay my bill and find out my balance.  I give this visa card an A++++  I have always LOVED shopping on amazon and now its even better.
It's pretty cool. Sometimes i like buying everything possible with all the money i have left in my bank. woo
Love that I get rewards toward items I want on amazon! I purchased gifts, and then I get the rewards! Plus amazon has everything I'm looking for a great prices!
I can say, so far, that I like my new card. I have only been through one billing cycle, so I really can't give a detailed  review as yet. I have been pleased with the service. I paid my entire balance over thee phone, this month, and that was very easy.The only thing that I have reservations about is the higher interest rate. I have a very good credit score and still the interest rate on this new Amazon Visa is 3-4% higher interest rate than any of my other cards. I pay the entire monthly balance on them, too, so I don't undrstand why my interest rate is higher.Other than that, I can say I have been pleased with the card, the customer service and the ease in whick I can pay my bill.
Great used value, quick receipt of actual card products are shipped very quicklyHigh credit balances.. Was a blessing at the holidays when I was on bed rest sureHelped with the free shipping and has almost all products I was looking for.
the card makes it so much easier to order from Amazon, i love it.  Has all my info in one place makes it very easy
The one and only card you need in your wallet.  The more you use it the more rewards you earn.
It is awesome to know that when I buy things we need, like ink or phone covers/cords, I am earning credit towards my next purchases. Just this past week I was able to order a few more items for my ten year old for her upcoming summer camp trip simply because I had accrued enough points (translate that into $$$)!!I always receive prompt replies to questions and enjoy being able to access all of my account information online, 24/7.It is a great card and I am pleased that we have signed up and on for the Amazon.com Visa rewards card!Sincerely,Annamarie Underwood
I used my reward money and was surprised at the amount.  You always hear about spend $1000 and get less then 10.00.. their is no way I'm spending that for so little. So far with Amazon rewards I am very happy with the amount I got.. Whatever you do Amazon don't lower the reward amount..
This is a great way to shop. The card makes placing orders with Amazon so much simpler.  I make a point of only using it for my online purchases with Amazon.
This card is great, easy and rewarding.  I love shopping Amazon and this card makes online shopping safe and fun.
Great card.  I've earned rewards and I love that it can be my go to card for amazon purchases.  Yay!
I think this is a great idea especially since i shop on amazon all the time. The rewards points add up quickly and i love amazon :)
I love using this credit card. I can earn points with all of my purchases and use the points to buy things on Amazon.com. I believe that is a win win situation.
I recommend this card to anyone purchasing from Amazon. If you shop at Amazon it is the way to go.
I'm an avid Amazon shopper so it only made sense that I get their credit card. So far, I've already accumulated a lot of point and have had no problems paying for my bill online. It's convenient and my interest rate was very decent! If you like to shop on Amazon, I would definitely recommend this card.
I love this card because the interest is reasonable...but mostly because I spend a lot at Amazon, and I can use this card ANYWHERE to earn points. Each month this card saves me money because I am constantly buying something new for our infant, and usually have about $15-20 in points to use towards my purchases just because I bought gas or groceries with it. And with it being through Chase, it was easy to connect it directly to my existing checking account. Thanks, Amazon!
Amazing card that saves me money every time I use it by earning points. Fantastic. Highly Recommended. Couldn't be happier.
The amazon.com Visa card comes with great Give-Back's, I would recommend this visa card to any of my friend, knowing that they would happy with it.
This a great rewards card works every were visa is taken. as well as amazon the rewards can add up fast and can be used on amazon items
This was my first credit card and since i purchase quite often from amazon it was a great way to build credit. Also if you bank with chse you can make automatic payments on the card never missing a date.
I like the card and ease of access. Would recommend everyone to use this card. I recently applied for it and I love it.
I love that I get 3% back of all Amazon purchases and 2% for gas.  It has saved me quite a bit of money. I can request cash back either as a check or applied to my bill.
I have had my Amazon.com Visa card since 2003, and it is my preferred credit card for the following reasons: (1) I earn 3 points for every dollar purchase from Amazon; 2 points for gas stations, restaurants, drugstores and office supply stores, and 1 point for everything else; (2) One can take the rewards in the form of a statement credit as often as one wants.  (My other credit card is American Express, and it pays rewards only once per year.); (3) So long as one pays the balance in full and in a timely manner, as I have always done, one never pays any interest; (4) There is no annual fee for the card; (5) I have set up paperless statements and automatic payments online, so my payment is deducted from my bank account on the due date, and is never late. (6) On one occasion, I disputed a charge to my account, and was able to file my grievance online.  Chase investigated quickly, and the charge was removed from my account within a few days.
Definitely been enjoying this card. Lost it once already, Amazon was able to replace it instantneously. Absolutely no hassle.When I signed up for this card, I received $50 in Amazon gift card which I was able to use IMMEDIATELY. Completely worth it. Thank you Amazon!
this is really great to have, many times i have been on amazon an didnt have my cc, so this is on there and fast an easy to use, thank you amazon.
i have used it everywhere and have had no problems. saves me from carrying cash. and if i pay it off i pay no interest.loveit.
I love the amazon.com rewards card! It's quick and easy to use and when you get your rewards you can apply them to next order, even if it's only $2, no waiting for 3500 points to accrue so that you can get a gift card like with other rewards cards.
l love the fact that you get rewards. It's really awesome when you go to check out and see where you can get money off on your purchase. So very nice. Any money back in this day and age; is great.
If you're an amazon addict like me.  You get great multiples of points, which in turn can be used to pay for future pruchases, special offers, etc.  I don't ever want to live without mine.
This charge card is accepted everywhere. The reward points accumulate very quickly and can be used in a number of different ways. This is an excellent card to carry and use.
I resisted signing up for the Amazon Visa rewards card since I already have several other Visa cards.  I am glad that I finally chose to take the card. Reward points add up quickly.  I have a friend who has Amazon Prime, and he gets a lot of household items every month to save money and postage.  Amazon has earned the right to be you in your wallet also.
I love the Amazon Rewards card! It was super easy to apply and I was approved in just seconds! I love that you get rewards for almost every purchase you make, and it's even better that you can use those rewards instantly on amazon. I definitely would recommend this if you are looking for a good credit card!
I have been using this card for the past 6 and a half years. I don't even know how much money I have recieved back from this card. They started out just issuing Amazon gift cards at the standard 1% back on all your purchases (2% for gas/groceries, etc, 3% for amazon purchases). Which is great, I used it for books since I was in college at the time. It got even better as years went on, I get statement credits. So it's literally cash back. I have other cards with rewards, like CitiBank, but find Thank You Points are seriously a joke, and aren't worth the pixels they're printed on. You have to buy a car on your CitiBank credit card it seems to get an out of date set of salt and pepper shakers. Seriously worthless. Discover also tries to do the seasonal 5% back on certain categories. But it doesn't compare to this card. You get a standard rate back on everything, and no fuss. I put bills on the card and large purchases, I pay it off every month and get cash back.They have incredible customer service which is probably my top reason for keeping the card. Hold time is always just a few seconds. That comes from a track record of me calling on average once a month, to once a week. You don't have to enter your whole 16 digit card number, just your zip code as long as you call from you registered phone. So I can literally get my phone out and be talking to someone in 30 seconds. Discover usually places me on hold for up to 5 minutes, CitiBank is the same, and Bank of America is usually about 30 minutes to 40 minutes.They take care of their customers. I once had a scam site selling what I thought was McAfee Antivirus swindle me out of $60, I called the credit card and in 5 minutes they resolved it for me and I didn't worry anymore. I also had a problem with a FitBit I purchased online and they mailed it to my house without insurance and the package was lost, the company that sells FitBit refused to give me a refund and said they were not liable for the lost package even though i had no option to apply insurance. Again, i called Chase and in less than 10 minutes, they did a report over the phone and credited my money back. It's more than a card, it's purchase insurance.Highly recommended, I plan to keep this card as long as they are in business.
this is a nice card, got $30. happy with the amount and i can buy nice and low price items from amazon.com anytime. happy with the products too.
I am very happy with my Amazon Visa card by Chase. I appreciate the gift I received when I signed up. I appreciate the convenience of doing business on line as well.
Great card, constantly receiving point to make purchases on Amazon. Chase is also very user friendly, pay bills easily online and receive reminders.
Love the rewards, makes online shopping a breeze ! would recommend to family and friends who shop online. Also ,Rewards program is simple and fun, just use the card !
Like all credit cards its Easy to use but you collect rewards. Cumster support is very helpful. I can pay online too.
Convenient for all my purchases on Amazon.com.  No annual fee is a plus. The card is through Chase and they are considered a trusted financial institute
ok card wish i had an increase on my credit line!!! the regwards are pretty good but do whish i had higher credit limit
I like amazon its a good wed site to get greats things like cramed seasons  n other things like movies tv shows n a lot other things
I am using this card for the past 5 months and I love to use this card for the rewards what I am getting and also the use with everywhere for all purpose of purchases.
Finally a pair of dress sneakers! These are great around the house and also look neater than traditional laced sneakers when touring. For more support my orthotics are used. Reasonable enough to add another color. Get lots of compliments on these neat shoes. They are true to size and keep my feet happy.
I was reluctant to add another credit card but have found savings with this card that I wouldn't have had otherwise. I only use it on Amazon but you get rewards for all shopping. It's nice when you get ready to check out on Amazon and the bill says you have money you can use to pay from shopping rewards. I'm glad I got it!
I love this card. Each time I use it I am earning points, which I then use towards my next purchase (whether it is a book or CD's.  I have already ordered things and it didn't cost me a penny).  Every order always is delivered when they say it will arrive.  I also have Prime which is wonderful!
Amazon teamed with a great bank.  Would recommend this card to anyone.  I love how easy it is to use.
THE REWARD POINTS I  GAIN BY USING THIS CARD ARE GREAT.!!  IT'S  SO EASY TO USE THE POINTS WHEN PLACING AN ORDER.
I received the Palm Pilot within 4 days of ordering it.  It was well packaged and also exactly as described.  I'm anxious to begin using it.  While I know it's old technology by today's standards, as I am a senior, I think it will serve my needs quite adequately.
I bought this Duck Duck Beard shirt as a gift for a coworker that likes Duck Dynasty.  It was shipped much quicker than I expected and the shirt itself was excellent quality.  The sizes are true and it seems to be made of a cotton blend that won't shrink as much.  I think the only thing that would have made it better is if it was offered in different colors (pink for ladies).  The price was awesome as some shirts are closer to $30.  I would recommend this shirt to anyone who enjoys Duck Dynasty.
As long as you are responsible and are sure to pay off the credit card balance each month, this card is so worth it! I love getting points back and also love that I can apply those points towards Amazon.com purchases or just put them toward my credit card balance. I LOVE AMAZON!!
The card provides easy access shopping at Amazon which is one of my favorite place to shop. Yes, I will recommend it to family members.
I love this card help me save save money with cash back. Every time I use this card.  Have a lot of fun
Nice limit; easy payments; Chase is a fine bank to work with.  Then I get point with Amazon to buy more stuff.
This card is easy to use and definitely worth it if you order from Amazon regularly.  You earn points on all purchases and you get a huge bonus on purchases from Amazon!  Since I use Amazon regularly, this card has already saved me ~$30 on purchases and I've only had it two months!  I would highly recommend this card if you use Amazon frequently.
I have purchased items on Amazon for a long time just using my bank debit card.  One night I decided to take advantage of the $30.00 gift card and applied for the Amazon rewards Visa card.  Its nice having a credit card with a low credit line attached to my Amazon account that I can purchase items with and manage the payments.  Thanks!
I use the Amazon.com Rewards VISA for all my Amazon purchases.  In addition because it is backed by VISA I can use it for all my every day purchases.  Each purchase earns rewards dollars which I in turn can apply to purchases from Amazon.
I get rewarded every time I shop and the rewards are always readily available to redeem in each purchase. It is very convenient.
I use my Amazon credit card for every thing because not only do I accumulate points but Amazon has great products and prices.
Extra cash is always nice these days with the higher cost. To receive something you need or like and then receive cash for getting that product or service is awesome. It will go toward a vacation sometime this year. Thanks!
The availability was excellent along with the price. Works like the original one. This was an excellent purchase for us.
Makes checkout process so much faster and easier and you earn points towards purchases at the same time. It's a no-brainer!
I love my Amazon chase card. It gives me reward points when I shop. That I can use. It has low intrest rates.
I was hesitant to apply (I always am with credit cards), but I have nothing but praise for this card! They are quick to assist you if you have any issues and the rewards stack up fast! I have enjoyed having this card and will keep it for a long time!
Though I use this card for limited purchases I am pleased with its benefits and rewards.  Yet another option when I am shopping on line via Amazon.
This card is handy for my Amazon use.  I haven't had a chance to use it elsewhere.  I do need to learn more about the card, when and where it is best to use it.
This products works on me. It gives good satisfaction. I look more good since I started using this products. I will continue using this products.
I am also a prime member and this card makes shopping one step easier for me. Like one stop shopping.  The newest corner convenience store, without leaving home. I have had people say, &#34; didn't know Amazon had a card&#34;. And when shopping your rewards show up on screen and you have the chance to use them without going to the trouble of looking them up. Glad I chose the Amazon Visa.
I like the card for the rewards you receive. I can earn points on every purchase (3 Points per $1 spent at Amazon.com, 2 Points per $1 spent at gas stations, restaurants, drugstores, and office supply stores and 1 Point per $1 spent on all other purchases) The points never expire. 100 points redeemed = $1.00 towards your purchase. Use your points at Amazon.com.
I chose this rating because the card is accepted everywhere. Also I get asked almost each time I use it if it can be used everywhere besides at Amazon and I enjoy letting them know about the benefits.
its easy to receive rewards on my purchases and I can also use it to combine with my other chase cards for gift cards
OK is this visa card.  Use it regularly for purchase.  Same as other visa cards.  Get 1% cash back, etc., etc and etc...
Very useful. Can use it anywhere. I like that i can choose when to use the rewards. It is simple to use.
I love this card. Many rewards!!!!!! Very easy to use everyone takes it. I have told many of my friends about it.
I got this card to use only on Amazon. After using it a while, I realized I could accumulate a lot more rewards points if I used it more often. I now use it for my "regular" monthly payments, such as Dish network and my health insurance. The points are adding up & I couldn't be happier. I make the payment online, so using this card is a safe, convenient way to get great Amazon products with the points !!!
My Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card was very easy to apply for and made my ordering experience very pleasant.  Thanks for making my life simple and uncomplicated.
Finally!  A reward card that actually delivers on the "reward" promise!  Honestly, I don't shop much.  I accepted this card because I thought it would provide an easy way for me to track a series of purchases I anticipated making as I outfitted my family for an upcoming sporting event that also involved travel. Immediately the reward points/dollars started to add up and I redeemed them on subsequent purchases.  Then I used the for some of the travel expenses. The additional credits showed up immediately and it was like receiving cash-back on our vacation.  I'm hooked!  Why use any other card when the rewards of using the Amazon.com Rewards VISA are immediate and appreciable.
So far this is the greatest card to use especially for any Amazon purchases they have made it so convenient ..and easy to use .One click purchases are  the best.
Love to use this card for making purchases.  Nice to purchase products and be rewarded for shopping online or elsewhere.
Wasn't looking for another C-card- this popped up on an order as an offer- I was impressed by the terms- the gift card, etc. Have used it and paid it off. I don't like to carry balances- but based on my credit, I found the terms very reasonable. It has worked out very well. Unless there is a hidden fee thing I didn't see coming, I certainly recommend this card. A fair warning! If you can't afford it- don't buy it! Like every card, it's really great to know you have the credit line, but if you buy something beyond your means you'll find yourself in the same credit black hole any other card will put you in. So far- so good, but only because I am a responsible user. G-d bless!
This card gives me the support and flexibility to purchase needed items. It allows me to travel with ease and saves me from using money.
I have no hesitation to recommend this credit card.. I just love it. easy and you can use your points.
this was the perfect gift for my niece who lives in Australia. I did not have to spend a fortune mailing a package and she can get anything she wants
The Amazon Rewards Visa card makes shopping on Amazon a little easier. I can keep track of my Amazon purchases and it gives me points for that can be used on future purchases. Plus, there is no fee for having the card.
I have no issues and no issues with using the reward points thank you will continue using for the points .
I really like having a card directly tied into my account with Amazon.  It makes the ordering process quicker and smoother.  [...]
I have enjoy my card when buying all kind of stuff on amazon, car rental and airfare.I can use the point right away to save on amazon.
I kept getting offers from Amazon for this card for a long time, but I rejected the offers because I already had so many credit cards. However, one time they offered me $50 off a purchase if I signed up for the credit card, which is what got me to sign up. I purchase thousands of dollars of merchandise from Amazon every year, so the whole $1 Amazon purchase = 3 points really appealed to me... plus, with $50 off an already sizable purchase, I knew I couldn't refuse! I have had no problems with this card since I signed up in 2011. When I had to dispute a charge, a simple phone call to customer service took care of the issue for me (the seller was unresponsive in refunding me the charge). I was able to request a name change due to marriage online without having to send in all sorts of documentation, like I had to do with American Express. My new card came within 2 days of my request. In all, I would recommend this card for people who don't worry about interest rates and pay their balance in full every month, like I do. I've scored hundreds of dollars in points for Amazon just from using this as my main credit card over the last two and a half years, which means I can buy fun/unnecessary items without spending an extra dime!
Very helpful support. Awesome rewards. Very easy to pay and good rates. Easy to use especially on the amazon site.
Great card.  What do you really say about a card.  Well it works with out any problems for all my purchases I've made.
I have had a great experience so far with this credit card. It provides low monthly payments, low interest rates, and great rewards benefits. I've been able to purchase many products off of Amazon for free and I've also been able to use my points to help pay down my balance. The company also provides great customer service. I definitely recommend this product!
An excellent credit card accepted EVERYWHERE!! Easy access to cash plus rewards for using it. Nobody beats VISA for a credit card.
I enjoy having this card.  If I want to use it at Amazon to make a purchase I am shown how much I have in points to use to make my purchase.  I have always enjoyed my shopping experiences at Amazon and have purchased many things from them over the years.  So far I have not have any problems with my Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card and look forward to many years using it.  Thank You.
I Love the amazon visa. It is great to use because I buy a lot from amazon,simply because you can usually get it at a better price at Amazon.
This card is a good credit card.Bills are easy to read.It is easy to use since I shop at amazon many times a year.
I hesitated a long while before succumbing to the temptation to get an Amazon Visa, but I'm so glad I did. Great way to buy, easy rates and worry free. I'd recommend it to anyone.
got approved right away got my money for signing up and made my purchase, then just waited on the card it took about 1 week for it to come in
I love my rewards card!!! I can use it anywhere and earn points and earn more points when I shop on the site. It's great!! I'd recommend it to everyone.
Great card to have, accepted everywhere, get one today!!!! What are you waiting for? Still waiting? Cmon, its a great card!
I shop quite a bit with Amazon so getting rewards points to use with my shopping is a good deal.  It's as easy to use as any Visa and accepted most everywhere.
Not sure why it is better than any other credit card, but seem to use it frequently.....has a great reward program
This is a Great product. It is easy and convenient to use. I love using it to purchase those hard to find items on amazon!
This has been a great card for me for well over a year. I love the 3 percent back, I get the points I'm expecting per the rules, and it's easy to apply the points to my purchases. I only regret not signing up earlier.Some of the recent one-star reviews refer to issues with points being lost or unavailable. I'm sure that's frustrating, but I'm also sure it will be sorted out soon enough. When it has been corrected, I hope you'll come back and edit your review to let us know.Other reviews are clearly the work of people who have no concept how reward cards work. Yes, interest rates are higher. That just means you should not carry a balance on a rewards card. Other cards are better if you must carry a balance. And no, they can't give you 3 percent back and also let you beg off paying interest or fees you have accumulated under the agreement. Seriously, why would you expect that? Finally, I've had no trouble registering on and using the Chase website. The vast majority of these reported issues appear to be self-inflicted.In short, it's been a fine card for me when used appropriately. Three percent back! It's great!
I love this card. For the longest time, I used my Discover Cashback card. I still enjoy that card as it offers 5 percent back on certain products each quarter. However, the Amazon Chase card offers so much more consistently. Everything is 1 percent back. Gas and restaurants are 2 percent. And, Amazon is 3 percent. The rewards may not be that great, but I love that when purchasing something on Amazon, my points are immediately available for redemption. With this card, it is easy to rack up the points. It is easy to redeem the points. Overall, very pleased with this card.
Love the Amazon credits and using it on Amazon is a snap!  I tend to use this credit more than others because of its ease.
Decided to use the Amazon rewards card for all my Amazon purchased and the money back sure comes in handy when I go to apply the cash back to my next purchase.  Easy way to make money and lower the cost of the items you buy.
This is a great card. I love that I can earn rewards on every purchase gas, food, online etc etc
I think this card is a winner!  I love Amazon shopping and this just makes it easier!  The rewards system is generous and the conveninece of having it connected directly to my Amazon account is great!
I give the Amazon Visa a high rating. I like being able to log in order and get out. No searching for a credit card and all is secure! I highly recommend that this card be a standard in your purse or wallet!
I REALLY LIKE THIS CARD, ESPECIALLY THE PROTECTION. ALSO THE POINTS AND REWARDS TOWARD AMAZON AND OTHER VENDER PURCHASES! THANKS AMAZON!
This card is so asy to use that every time that I make purchase in amazon as long as I sign in it automatically makes the purchase thru my credit card. Great Card!
No hassle easy to get things from the website when you open the credit line they do not ask too many questions
The Amazon reward card makes my life easier. I can order on line and not have to worry about the product arriving on time and the greatest benefit is not having to pay shipping cost, that saves a lot of money. I never have had a card with annual fee but withAmazon it pays for itself at holiday season. I love my Amazon Rewards Card !Carole Gannon
the reward point are more than my other cards, i have had it for about four months. i have been satisifed with most purchases.
It's a carefree method of keeping track of your purchases in various places.Very convenientpayment method by auto withdrawal, actually a worry-free card.
I have used my Amazon Visa card - the products arrived in a timely manner was what I had purchased in excellent condition. Billing experience was straightforward. I will continue to use my card and hope you would give them a chance to prove to you that some computer ordering can be a positive experience.
The Amazon VISA card makes ordering from Amazon.com a breeze! The card is also accepted at local merchants. The bright green color makes it easy to find in my wallet!
Its great! Can be used everywhere and get tons of points! The APR is pretty low too. Go Amazon! Thanks!
The 2 bottles of Ed Hardy "Baby Got Black" that I ordered, came as promised (within 2-4 days of placing my order) and are EXACTLY the same as the ones that the salon would have sold me. ~at half the price~ I will come back time after time to buy my tanning supplies from you. All bad reviews MUST be bogus. Thanks so much for selling me exactly what I was looking at!!
I have a green amazon card I have never had a problem matter of fact I use it for everything.matter of fact I am looking for a increase..
Great way to feed my Amazon habit!  Points accumulate quickly allowing me to purchase the items I want.  I find I'm using this card wisely but frequently.
I love my card because I can keep my balance manageable and set up is convenient. I buy music and books for my cloud, gifts,etc. I'd recommend to all!!
How amazing is Amazon to give you a hassel free rewards card that never makes you jump through hoops.....Personally I shop a lot at Amazon.com and so the rapid accumulation of points is the BIG PLUS for me...also the fact that you can redeem points at any level is so wonderful.  Other cards make you reach a certain amount, not so with this one.  It is easy to remember what the points pay out is on each type of purchase.
I enjoy the amazon credit card because of the convenience when order products along with the possibility of earning the points to use toward other products.
A very nice card to have if you shop online like I do. I love to shop online and Amazon is a very good place to shop.
I love it - but that could be because I love Amazon.com and all the great products you can get from them!
I love my Amazon Rewards Visa Card. I can use it anywhere. I got a quick response when I applied for this card and am very happy with it. Thanks so much! Carolyn M. Geddings
It is so much easier to shop for about anything, especially when someones birthday sneaks up on me. I never realized the variety of products that you could buy through Amazon, because I had only been shopping in Kindle store for years. Delivery of items ordered has been prompt and hassle free so far.
Out of all my credit cards, this is by far my favorite and easy to access my instant rewards. I have a lot of family out of town and so I just rack up my points and when it comes to birthdays for nieces and nephews I pretty much get free stuff. Even holidays, this card is easy to keep track of, its through chase bank so you can pay off everything you spend each week. Instant rewards is definately rewarding!!!
I have saved quite a bit of money with the rewards from my card.  I love it!  Low interest and the rewards have been very nice to have.  Using to buy birthday and Christmas gifts.
Have used my Amazon.com rewards VISA card a few times now and greatly enjoy the credits that accumulates with all purchases.  Have bought items by using accumulated reward points and it feels great to do so.  Thank you Amazon for a great card.
Love my new Amazon Visa.  Had another card for over 25 years and I cancelled it when I got my Amazon card as I get better service with it.
Love the rewards and  convenience of Amazon purchases! Paying the bill online is very easy too. I highly recommend it!
No hassle, just keeps updating as I make my purchases and I'm informed of how much rewards I have conveniently as I place my orders.
MY 8 YEAR OLD GRANDDAUGHTER WANTED A FIDGIT FOR HER BIRTHDAY. I DIDN'T HAVE A CLUE WHAT THAT WAS, SO I WENT TO A LOCAL STORE AND PURCHASED ONE. WELL TO MY SURPRISE AND HER DISAPOINTMENT, IT WAS A SMALL INTERACTIVE ONE, NOT THE MAIN ONE. I ORDERED THE SERAFINA FROM AMAZON TO REDEEM MYSELF. WOW! DID THAT EVER WORK!! SHE LOVED IT, PLUS SHE ALREADY HAD THE SMALL ONE TO GO WITH IT. I CAME OUT AS TOP GRANNY AGAIN. I LIKED IT SO MUCH I ALREADY ORDERED HER BROTHER THE LOGAN! I'M RACKING UP ON GRANNY POINTS! LOL
More than good & excellent services. Whenever i nneed it helps me a lot. I feels happy to work with Amazon.
I HAVE ENJOYED THE LITTLE SURPRISE BENEFITS OF USING MY AMAZON VISA REWARDS CARD....WHEN PLACING AN ORDER AND I SEE THE REWARD AMOUNTS BEING TAKEN OFF, IT REALLY HELPS....I KNOW I AM GETTING A GOOD DEAL, WITH PAYBACK...
Since I order something from Amazon.com practically every day this is the card for me.  Plus Amazon makes it easy to redeem points.
I have enjoyed this card out of any of the credit cards I've had so for. The points you accumulate are amazing and fast.You really do make back money on money you have spent. Now that to me is a deal on a deal !!! It goes anywhere you go and used anywhere you are . Love love love my Amazon Visa Chase Card!!!
I absolutely love my amazon.com rewards card from Chase. From everyday purchases I accumulate points which is great but what's better is when I  shop amazon.com I receive much more points for the money! And amazon.com almost always has the best prices on everything making it worth the interest.  I wish this was  the first card I ever owned! Thanks Amazon.com and Chase for teaming up and making such a great product!
I HAVE NOT USED IT YET BUT WILL BE GLAD TO REVIEW IT WHEN I DO.5 Stars for ease of the application and acceptance procedure.
The card is very good I use it quit offen. I have recommended it to my sister and a few friends.
I love Amazon. com and am a frequent buyer on the site.  It's nice having a credit card that accrues points that I can spend on things I actually want and am going to buy anyway.  It's like getting free books.  No regrets.
Been using for roughly a year now and the rewards seem to be a good bargain.  The more you run through it the more rewards you get.  Much better than I get with my American Express BlueSky card.  Thumbs up.
Its a card without annual fee. Cash back is easy to receive. Its accepted everywhere. Be it Indian grocery or restaurant
I rate this card a 5-star because it is a great card,it allows me to have the financial power to make purchases on things that I need,and as an added bonus I also gain points on lots of other great pruduct deals,at Amazon,and other featured deals!
It's a good Visa card. Get one, you will start enjoying it as much as I do. If not more.
Using the Amazon.com Rewards Visa card is easy, fast and allows me to shop on amazon with little worry about my credit being used improperly. Having a card like this make the shopping experience a pleasure
My regular credit card is a Chase VISA, as is this Amazon card. I had been saving up my points and drawing a check every few months (I use the card only for convenience, mostly online purchases, and always pay all my bill every month). When Amazon offered me this card plus a free $30 gift card, I figured I would be crazy not to get it. And the fact that it lets me apply my points balance directly to any Amazon purchase at any time was just icing on the cake. :)
I use it to pay bills annd makes  purchases instead of using cash. In turn, I get rewards on a monthly basis. It's a great way to save.
Amazon is a top-notch company.  I love the benefits from the Amazon Reward card.  Most of my friends have one too.
Great card. I use it on all kinds of internet purchases and also at the local gas pump. It is honored everywhere any other credit card can be used. Just bought a years worth of greeting cards from Current and no problems.
I find my amazon rewards visa card very helpful because with my rewards I can buy things ,last christmas I bought my grandaughter her leapfrog as a christmas present with my rewards.and didn`t have to pay anything! So that`s why i really like my visa card.thank you !
For someone like me who primarily shops at amazon this card is great especially with the cash back type rewards. I can redeem at anytime. This has saved me a lot during the last year. Acceptable interest rate. Approval in less than one minute.
I love this product. I earn points every time I use it and I can use those points to buy more things I love at amazon.com.
I made a mistake setting up my account to pay this card online and the payment was returned to me.  I was treated with the utmost respect and kindness from their Customer Service while we figured out what the issue was and fixed it. I use it for all of my Amazon purchases.  I have only had this card for a very short time, but I highly recommend Chase and their outstanding Customer Service.
I am just REALLY learning about the benefits of this card! Find myself using it for everything to get more rewards! So glad that I signed up for this card! Just another reason to LOVE Amazon!
Is great. Very satisfied with the card. Lots of advantage and very convenient. Would recommend to family and friends. Is wonderful, reliable, excellent.
i love using the chase amazon card for all my purchases and the automatic payment is the best way to go.
Got this card a few months ago, and was going to use it for certain things like gasoline, and as a second backup card.  I have used it for several things and find it works well and the company does everything they can to make it easy.  I paid it each month, and all is well.
I just applied for the credit card so I could get the $50 gift card.  When do I receive the gift card.  I was approved for the credit card and it said I will receive an email.  Just wondering how long it took. Thanks!
This card was offered to me a a perfect time to make an emergency purchase. The card also had an instant credit on it
I use this card quite often. Every time I get gas or go to a restaurant I'm sure to use my Amazon Rewards Card. I've been surprised at how fast I have earned rewards points back from my shopping.
I got accepted with a slightly lower rate than others.. I was working to rebuildMy credit. First card after my secured and I t even has reward points.
I was,nt sure about this card when i got it, but now it,s the first out of my wallet when I need it.The rewards are awsome and it s like having a bank account you did,nt know was there, I love it Amazon rocks.
I love being able to use this card any place and accumulate points towards my purchases on Amazon.  It also gives the same protection as other credit cards, and I appreciate it.  I have made this card my all the time credit card.
I absolutely love my Amazon Rewards Card..the more i purchase the more points i earn to keep buying more..very satisfied with this account with all that it has to offer
Great card and rewards program! Really easy access, love the fact that it was  linked automatically to my personal account.
Grear card! Great Benefits! To be honest, makes my amazong experience easy and great! Amazong never fails to be my number one choice for shopping.
Thanks for the offer I will pay it back as soon as possible and perhaps use it in the future, small balance have to be careful lol
I buy items on Amazon all the time, so now when I do I can use my Reward points to help pay for them. It's great.
This card is absolutely perfect for me. I was looking for a way to gain credit without piling up my bills. I chose to use the Amazon Credit Card and it's great! I purchase things on my card and then pay them off almost right away with my debit card so I never accrue interest and I get points for using it! Customer Service is extremely helpful as well!
I thoroughly enjoy the points system and the ease of using this card for various Amazon purchases.  I will continue to use this card
Being an avid Amazon.com shopper, the best thing I ever did was to get the Amazon Rewards Card. It builds points towards future purchases and also allows one-click buying from my Kindle. You can't beat that for shopping convenience.
I got a resonable amount of bounos when I opened it. And it is easier to use when I shop on amazon.
We opened this card when it was first offered.  We wouldn't trade it for ANY of our other cc's, including the Alaska miles card we use for business.  It might be due to our heavy use of Amazon.  Neither of us have time to shop local stores for the best price.  We rely, and I'm not saying it's a good thing, on Amazon and a couple other online vendors to give us our best value.With Amazon Prime we get most items in two days, so why take time out of our busy lives to shop?  We get a good value with 3% back on Amazon purchases.  Works for us.
Love having a card that give me Amazon credit.  Using to expand my library & spoil my neices.  Great Deal
I like it alot you get points when you use it very good you can use it towards your purchases love it!
I have been using it for 4 months now with no problems.  I like no annual fee, wont get a card that charges an annual fee.  And since i shop fairly often on Amazon, the rewards are nice.
I love my Amazon.com Rewards Visa card.  I use this credit card instead of my other credit cards to make most of my many purchases on Amazon.com and other places because of the cold hard cash credits that I receive by using my Amazon.com Rewards Visa card.  Furthermore, the process is a lot easier than my other &#34;reward&#34; cards which often have &#34;strings attached.&#34;  Keep up the good work Amazon.com Rewards Visa card and I will keep using your card.
I enjoy having my Visa and it reminds me to go to Amazon when I am shopping on line for items I am looking for, just last week I rec'd something that was suggested by the site, if you like this you might try this. I did and love it.
Love the fact that since I order a lot online, actually am rewarded for doing so!  I was using a card where I received points that were redeemed in merchandise.  Sometimes, there was nothing that I was interested in, but wanted to use my points.  The percentage is redeemed when an order is placed, so it is a win, win proposition!  Love it!
This card is very noticeable when I make purchases, I always get questions about it how and where do I get one.
Great!  Helps with everyday purchases as well as Amazon.  The rewards are great.  I have bought quite a bit with my rewards.
The Amazon card was a surprise to get, but I am glad I did.  It was easy to use on Amazon.I do little shopping so I was pleased how easy it was.  Thank you.  Claudia Potts
The Amazon Visa card has become one of my favorites, the reward points have been generous (and helpful for other purchases), and the credit line was more than fair and right on time. I would recommend this card to others.
I like the Amazon rewards visa card because you get a gift certificate which you can use on your first purchase and if I understand the written communication, I can use the card anywhere to get rewards for any purchases that I make.  I think that is a great concept and is very helpful to the consumer.
this card has made purchases easier thru amazon and thru other retailers, points for nearly everything and add up quickly
This is a great rewards card. It is very easy to use your reward points and you earn extra points on Amazon purchases.
Well respected in all stores, restaurants, convenient stores, gas stations wherever I shop. It's as good as gold! Also, I've never had an issue with statements or payments.  Stress free.
I have made the Amazon Rewards VISA card my number one payment method. Every time I buy at Amazon I can see the results at checkout. Sometimes I use my points to pay for an Amazon purchase; other times I use the card knowing I'm getting extra points for doing so. Highly recommended!
I have never had a problem using my card. I enjoy the benefits that go with it. I also would tell anyone that they do not need to hesitate if they are thinking about getting the card.
I use this card as often as I can.  Really enjoy the benefits and seeing the points add up to money.
I signed up for this card with a purchase I made through amazon. I received a gift card & this card, very easy sign up process, accepted everywhere I've needed it!
I have always bought at Amazon and paid using my PayPal.  They offered their Visa Card and I accepted it.  I had the answer within minutes and it was added as my way of payment; but the good thing about it it's the points.  Every time you use it, not only at Amazon,  you get points that you can use towards purchases in Amazon (I have bought DVD's and CD's for almost half price after using my points in a purchase). It is great. I have many credit cards but this one, I am glad I said yes to.Hachi: A Dog's Tale
I LOVE IT, IT IS GREAT.  IT IS ONE OF THE BEST CARDS ANYONE COULD HAVE AND IS VERY EASY TO USE.
It's a must have card !!! Easy to use & rewards add up quickly so start shopping & get ur rewards
Have had the Amazon Visa card for over 6 months now.  No surprises!  Terms are as they were presented in original contract.  Easy to use and every time I do I get rewards that I can use elsewhere!
I am really upset about the false advertisment on the Fintie slim LEATHER case for Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 inch tab. With  stylus loop and GIRAFFE MAGENTA.  I received a plastic case no decorative metal design in corner.Do you condone fakes at Amazone.Hot happy at all.  I requested the real thing and got nothing.Got my money back but is not what I ordered.Cant trust Amazone now.Constance Swick
I was able to get what I needed with my points to fix up something for the resale shop nearby, so whatever I earn will be clear profit during very stringent financial times.  I was earning without even thinking about it and was really grateful that my project did not add to my concerns.  Doing things this way is really a no-brainer!  Thanks much.
Applied for the card mainly for the discount on a sizable purchase and have been using it ever since.  Really like the rewards system and the ability to apply points to purchases.
I've had my card for a little over two years.  By comparing prices at stores, I can use the card to save money on Amazon purchases.  Depending on price, I can save 10% on items on Amazon that are similarly priced at a local store.  How?  Let's say there is a $100 item at both the local store and Amazon.  At the store I would pay $107 as my state has a 7% sales tax.  On Amazon, assuming the item is on Amazon Prime, I would pay $97.  I also save the gas expense of going to the store, although I need to add the annual Amazon Prime fee.Savings accumulate over time.  It's nothing dramatic at first.  All in all, it has replaced Discover as my "goto" card.
I have had one of these feeders for several years and have tried to find them locally but unable too. I ordered two of these from Amazon and they came in record time. These are the best feeders I have had. They are so easy to clean and will hold several birds.
I LOVE my Amazon Rewards Visa Card! It's simply the best credit card out there. I wouldn't have anything else! :)
This was charged when I made a purchase from Amazon, which is the only time it has been used. I appreciate that it is on my bank statement.
Nice Credit card with great amazon perks. I haven't used it often, but it does come in handy when ordering off of amazon.com.
We use it as our primary card. The interest rate is higher than our Credit Union issued credit cards, but those don't offer rewards. The rewards are super easy to redeem, and because it is a Chase card, you get to use all the Chase online services and their app. The app makes managing the card so incredibly easy.
I like using this card because I have used it and paid the balance before any charges.  I've bought so much stuff using the reward points. Awesome... Free stuff!
The easiest card to use online. After initial application and registration , all I have to do is select the product and it knows how to get ot to me.
I can use it anywhere and makes it online and store shopping easy. I earn points towards other purchases or apply them to payment.
i love the rewards points and ease of keeping track and using them!  I would recommend to anyone.  I do think it sucks that they require you to use a specific amount of words in these reviews; why can't I just write what I want?
Its easy to use, the rewards show up quickly and can be redeemed right on my Amazon purchases.Its great.
I love that the bill has a set due date the same every month and it is great getting to use the rewards points for my purchases from Amazon.
I have no complaints about this card. It's convenient to use with Amazon and to shop with rewards points. Credit card website is also also to use.
I like the using it when I buy things from Amazon to keep purchases separate from my debit card I use around town.  I would recommend getting one.  Its easy.  Pay it off every month or you get behind!
I like accumulating points for Amazon products.  I use my card daily.  Paying my balance is easy over the phone.
This is a great card especially if you are someone who shops a lot on amazon. I wish I would have been using the card earlier and racking up all the points!
They respond in correct manner. They are very kind and do listen you are not treated as "just another number". I have great respect and say to them, KUDO's YOU ARE MY CARD!!
I like the card because when I order things from Amazon, if I have any avable points it gives me the choice to use them to reduce the price of the item I am purchasing. Great card.
Decent rate, easy to check your account status online, very useful for any purchases I'd use a credit card for.
the amazon reward card is great, i love it, just wish they would do more credit increase. i love the benefits that comes with being a card holder for amazon visa, i love shopping on amazon, they have great products for sale at a great price.
I like using my amazon card because I purchase 90% of my items and the rewards are great. I have been able to purchase products with rewards!
I got the Amazon.com card because I could get $50.00 off on my purchased of a vacuum Sweeper.  I love saving money so I said what the heck.  I'll give it a try. What a good decision that was.  I love this card.  I can use it online or in a store or gas station.  Anywhere I can use a VISA CARD.  PLUS I GET REWARD POINTS I CAN USE ON AMAZON.COM.  AND THERE IS NO ANNUAL FEE.  This card is great!
First, Amazon gives you $50 to get the card (free money at Amazon!). Second, no fee.  Third, you earn 1%, 2%, or 3% on purchases which is more than I can get on my other cards. Easy Chase website for looking purchases and making payments.  I love the bigger rewards!
Enjoying the new card, the low interest and friendly service just one more thing Amazon can be proud of. I would recommend this card to anyone !
Since joining Amazon I have used the card for alot of things and have had no problems. I hope to be using the card for many more years
I use this card soley for shopping on Amazon... as long as the item being purchased is sold by Amazon for the 3x points!!
Great card to have. I use it whenever I'm in a pinch.
This is one of the best cards out there and that it is tied to Amazon makes it perfect!!I got offered the card during one of my purchases and I was approved and able to use it immediately!!
I use the card as I use others but this one gives me something back.  Once I learned how to use that feature, and it took me a while, I was tickled pink with the product, the card and the system! The price was great too, it, in my opinion, cost me nothing for something I wanted! Kind of fun.
good card good saving a plus to have, good everywhere and anywhere rate ok in comparison to other cards,thank you
Best thing is the incentives and reminders to use the card! Makes shopping on AMAZON a breeze and provides the security I need!
I had problems with my card. I reported to the proper people. They understood the problem, decided on a remedy, and took care of the problem, in a very satisfactorly manner. The speed in which this problem was taken care of was very, very appreciative on my part. Would recomend the Amazon rewards card very much.
It was not only convenient to apply, but it is convenient to use at Amazon.com.  The promo for the discount of my first purchase was a big positive as well.  I started to use this card for all my internet purchases.
The Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card has been an asset. I enjoy shopping on Amazon and when I do I use my Rewards card and accumulate Reward Points that I can use at a later date to buy or use on my purchases. It truly is a no hassle program. I give this card and the Rewards Program a Five Star Rating.
Have been using this card for awhile now to help me start my business and goes great with my Amazon prime Account. Not only do I get free 2 day shipping on most Items on Amazon, but free points that are transferred in to cash points on Amazon you can't beat that. Since I buy just about everything and can pay the card off any time I want, I get free spending money on my Amazon account every time I log in and low interest monthly.
When I receive the amazon reward card it was a Blessing I was in need of a new computer for school and I did not have the funds  to purchase affordable one.  My reward card came in on time.Thank you
I purchased the Amazon credit card in January 2012 and I love it because I do most of my buying through amazon. I even canceled my other two credit cards so now the amazon card is my only credit card.  It actually is the best card I have ever owned. Other credit cards from big name banks would only ever 2 points per dollar.
I love it, it's easy to use and very reasonable, I would recommend it for anyone, you get a bonus $50 gift card for signing up
I like it it's really helpful easy to use easy to apply it will save a lot especially if you you are an amazon costumer
I use this card for the reward points. I buy from Amazon more than any other site. Their prices are almost always lower than Ebay.Dave
This  has been a great card; I have been using this card for a few months and it has been a handy thing to have, easy to use on Amazon.
I love it i cant use it when ever i get on my Amazon acct, and its also linked to my chase acct aswell
Love It A Lot. Would to other people to get one. They are the greatest card to have in the world.
Building points and getting a precentage back makes having the card worthwhile.  If you are in need of a card, check this one out.
This is a card that is worth having.
It just made sense. I have been a user if amazon prime for years and this card was a perfect match for rewards points from all of my purchases.
I love my Amazon card! I can trust that it is safe for my internet purchases. I find the best deals on Amazon and they are all quality products. I also use my Amazon card in my regular every day life!
I didn't know what I was going to due for Christmas time and then I seen the add to apply for the reward card and it was easy I was approved and I got what my kids wanted @ made easy monthly payments and the past part is The rewards you get free stuff are what every you chose to use them for. You can save them r spend them as fast as you get them.
I love earning point with my purchases! I have been able to purchase several items with these points. Love it
I applied for the card after seeing the $50 gift card promo.  Was approved in less than 30 seconds, the $50 was deposited into my account, and I was out the door with the discount less than 3 minutes later.  Can't beat that.I'm not sure what planet some of these people are living on, but being declined for the card does not make the card a bad product.  There are literally 1,000's of pages of regulations that credit card issuers have to follow...I assure you this isn't a scam.  I don't normally write reviews, but people giving poor reviews because they were declined due to bad credit is crazy.
I've had my card for about 6 months now. So far I love it. The points have built up quickly and dealing with Chase (the bank issuing the card) has been very smooth. When you decide to use points on Amazon the process is super easy as part of the checkout process.
Only used my visa once so far, but saved $50 on some Christmas gifts for my grandson when I opened it.
We have another charge card where we earn points for travel. We find we would rather work then get away (LOL) and aren't using the pioints very much. We love shopping on Amazon so this was a no brainer. Been very happy with Chase so far.
I have the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card and I really enjoy having it. It is a very versatile card. So far I have been able to purchase Nicholas Sparks last book "The Longest Ride" @ a price decreases between when I ordered and the release date.I received $30.00 Amazon.com Gift card instantly for opening the account. Since then I have ordered a car charger Verizon Apple iPhone 4  and 10 pcs Stylus set Touch Screen which I am paying nothing cause my points are taking care of it.So if I could say any encouraging words today it would be try the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card you will like it just as much as I do.
Not much to say, it's a credit card. Get $1 for every $100 ya spend. Needless to say might take ya a while to be able to purchase anything with your rewards
Love, love, love this card.  It is so convenient to use.  Don't have to go dig out my wallet.  Amazon and Chase are the best!
I love it, it makes ordering from Amazon so much easier (not that it wasn't easy to order before) but with the card on file one click and not only have I placed my order but I know it's extremely secure.  The fact that it can be used any place that accepts Visa is just another perk!  I would recommend applying for this card.
Very happy with my decision to opt for the Amazon Visa card.  Have made several purchases, taken advantage of the points to pay for the items.  It is a good deal for me.
Love getting rewards for shopping.  Rewards can be applied toward purchases saving additional money.  Earn rewards for all products, not just products purchased at Amazon.
I love Amazon and I love this Card.... ...........I plan to use it on all my shopping......! So glad I got it!
I recently purchased a Samsung tablet and wanted to have an account specific to activity on this device.  So, when  I was prompted to sign up for a credit card while purchasing tablet related products, I agreed.  I have been  happy with my choice.  I'm very impressed by the security provided by Chase bank and will keep them in mind for future banking needs.
What a great idea and so easy to use and redeem. I like this card and would recommend it to everyone!  Thanks
This has been best ever no hasel just wonderful every time I used it was great all states and internet
I like using this card, it great for using on Amazon or anywhere. It's was easy to set up online payment, and make the payments. If you have questions it is also easy to reach customer service.
With my rewards card I receive points for all my purchases which gives me opportunity to purchase items for practically nothing. Its a great program and I highly recommend it for anyone who uses Amazon.com.
This is a great card.  I love earning while spending and since most of my online purchases are through Amazon, why not earn Amazon points!  It's a win/win for all.
So easy to check balance, rewards and payments.  Alerts are easy to set up.  Only negative is trying to use points from the mobile ap.
I enjoy the card since I order from amazon on a regular basis.  I have other cards as well but it is just convenient for my amazon purchases.
This card has helped me rebuild my credit. Its easy to use and a good back up if we get into a bind. In this day and age we all are facing hard times or we will be. Nice to have a card that backs you up.
For someone as picky as me, it's not often that I say I have NO complaints, big or small, with a consumer item! I am completely happy with my Amazon Rewards Visa Card- the APR is much better than other cards I have had (cancelled them!), the rewards built up faster than I imagined and are used for great Amazon items, the statements are perfect... everything has gone so smoothly that I can't comment on customer service, because I've never needed their assistance.I've recommended this to others, and two people told me how much better they like this than other cards. It's great!
It is so nice to have a credit card on file with Amazon for all my shopping and the card issued from Amazon.
I am happy to have an additional credit card that offers benefits I enjoy being able to take advantage of.  I would recommend this card to anyone.Thank you Chase and Amazon Visa
They have always answered my questions and handled any concern I have had in a friendly and efficient manner.  Like the easy use of online account site.
Best Visa Rewards cardGreat Card  Amazon.com is already the Best Online Shopping SiteHave the Card to Use great anywhere and everywehere
easy and great to have and able to use any where I go shopping where the visa logo is displaded
This card is awesome and a must have for any avid amazon user. I would like to defend amazon and chase on this one because there are a lot of nasty reviews out there. 1.) an interest rate only matters when you carry a balance. Every review is saying how bad this card is because of the apr ect but the reality of what this cost is entirely on you, your discipline and your credit worthiness. There is no annual fee. If you are accepted and even at the 22 percent range if you buy a 1000 dollar tv and pay it off in sixty days the interest will be like 26 dollars. Amazon points alone will equate to 30 bucks. Just be smarter with your money and smarter with your credit. If you are in the market for a TV and have the cash buy wit with your credit card and pay the entire balance off. 1000 dollar tv - 30 bucks for nothing. If your worried about your APR you shouldn't have a credit card anyway and complain about the choices you made to have such APR. 2. Chase makes everything simple. There website is tech wise advanced and security is on par with every major bank in america. All credit cards are great if your smart about it and live with in your means. make conscience decisions on weather something is worth financing if you got to have now and if your willing to pay 1-200 dollars in interest to have it now? well your a big boy/girl but remember there are silver linings to everything and if you want to milk it all it takes is a little discipline.
I like being able to buy things, mainly books, from www.amazon.com with "one click" and this card. I also like being able to apply the rewards to future purchases.
I love that every purchase I make I receive points... I know in time this will add up and can be used for future purchases.
Have not had any problems with this card yet. I really never remember that I am earning rewards points on my purchases. When I make purchases on Amazon it shows me how many points I have when I checkout otherwise I wouldn't know I have them.
Is a really good card  I can recommend to every body is easy to get it just apply for it
Easy to get, Easy to pay, Easy to get points to go for other purchases. All around great card to have.
it was a great item i loved it and and everyone else did also. i love ordering from amazon its really good
I love the cash back rewards you get to use at Amazon its easy to use the points clearly shows points
Amazon has amazing customer service and I love getting statement credits for my points.  I've had the card for years and it is by far the best I've ever had.
I love the rewards I have gotten with this card.  I was able to purchase things I wanted when money was a little lean.  I really didn't know I had these rewards until I bought something and you offered to purchase it with my rewards I was pleasantly surprised and excited.  I will continue to use this product happily.  Thank you!!
The Amazon Rewards Visa Card is fast and easy way for me to order different items from Amazon.com and I can use my rewards points for discounts.
It's nice to have a credit card with rewards for my favorite shopping site.  It is also useful when I shop every where else
Easy application to fill out.  Fast response from Amazon.  In fact, it was immediate..  Recognized everywhere at all stores and by salespeople.
Great card, speedy rewards.  Easy to use and instantly have rewards applied to Amazon purchases.  I will be cancelling my other cards and using only this one.
It is a dream card as long as I can use it and pay for my purchases within 30 days. There are interest chafes when I do this and definitely no penalties. My credits for returns are processed quickly. It has great rewards too!
The card essentially pays me back for buying things I already buy! Amazon is always the first place I check when I need ANYTHING - now, with the rewards card, I get to apply rewards to purchases for cash off the price. Perfect!
This is a great card....easy to use....and has great rewards! I have used it for both Amazon products and buying elsewhere.  I have had the opportunity to utilize my rewards toward new purchases and that has been extremely helpful.
Have been using the card for a few months now, like getting the rewards credits to use when shopping the Amazon site. Are starting full-time RV life 8/1/13 and have a job with Amazon Camperforce in Coffeyville, KS thid fall!
I didn't have any problem with Chase's Amazon card.  I got 13% rate and a decent starting credit line of $8000.  Is it Chase's fault that you'll can't read and that your credit rating sucks?  With the poor state of the economy and the banks not giving out credit you'll should be happy that you got a card at all.  Be happy with the $50 rebate and quit whining.  Chase Amazon.com Rewards card is an excellent product.
I love earning extra points/cash with this card!  Its easy to use and I have had no problems so far.
Approval was fast.  No problem getting the $50 sign-up bonus.  Card works well.  Just use it for amazon.com purchases.  Have used the points several times toward purchases.
If you know how to hop over the many pitfalls that ALL credit card issuers dig, this one can bring you some nice bonuses. I got approved instantly, and spent my sign-up $ within minutes. The process for doing so was straightforward, as I expect future use of my percentage earnings will be.  Needless to say, think twice and thrice about owning any credit card you don't religiously pay in full every month. If you are undisciplined, don't have even one.
The Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card was really great and helpfull in my purchase of a smoker to smoke meat.Not only did I get free shipping I love the rewards points I earn when I use it. Just remember it is a credit card and use it responably.
This a great card in that you get all the advantages of a standard Visa Card while receiving Triple Points for purchases on Amazon. Since I am a Prime member, I buy regularly on Amazon and the triple rewards add up quickly and give me a substantial additional discount on many products.
Great card with great rewards!  Amazon and Chase make great partners.  I have used the rewards for additional products.  A must have card.
I would absolutely recommend the Amazon card as I use it for purchasing items on Amazon. It's nice to be able to build up points towards purchases. I have had a very good experience with it, thank you.
I am pleased to get rewards for my Pharmacy  purchases, I have never gotten this many points. I have only received 1 point per dollar spent.
Am able to use it securely for all my online transactions, and even had to use it once for a regular transaction.  Was sure glad I could!!
You have almost everything and a good price.  your service is quick and good. I don't know anymore what to write.
use anywhere that accepts Visa. Rewards give me an added incentive to use this card.  It's like getting something for nothing.  Really
It's so much easier to use the rewards from this card.  I don't have to wait until I get a certain level of rewards to claim them like I do with my other Chase credit cards.  I buy everything at Amazon, so all I have to do is select "Use Rewards" when I check out.
Using the rewards card has been very easy and the rewards have helped to purchase additional items that otherwise may have been put on hold.
The rewards are great! We use it whenever possible to maximize rewards. Easy application process, prompt response. Glad we applied!
I could not put it down enjoyed it very much A Preacher with a Past is the best I know you will enjoy it
I really love the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card.  It's easy to use, accepted everywhere and my payments get processed quite fast now that I have had the card awhile. I plan to keep using it!
My purchases have always been delivered promptly and very timely. I could not be more satisfied. You will not ever be disappointed ordering from Amazon. They are awesome and there variety is great.
I buy pretty much everything on Amazon if it's available there - super convenient to just have it delivered since I have Amazon Prime.You earn 3x points on all purchases on Amazon, so getting this card was a no-brainer.
This card makes it so easy to shop. 1 click shopping and rewards to boot. The points add up quickly and it goes straight toward my Amazon shopping.
A+++ satisfied overall no complaints love the savings and rewards provided . Lots of potential for savings and values for different products
This card is easy to use, and had a great and easy billing system.  Easyto use, especially when you purchase off the Amazon.com site. Lovethe rewards it gives me.
I would recommend this card to anyone who uses amazon alot, its simple and makes it so much easier when ordering anything and keeping track,
The credits pile up fast.  I have had major discounts using my Amazon Rewards card. Try it, you'll like it!
First I would like to start by saying that the saving are just right for my husband and I and we just used this card any and everywhere . I don't know how we made it this long without it. It's the only card you will ever need and use. Thank you so much for this offer.
I love my card because it automatically keeps track of how much you have accumulated in rewards and when you go to make a purchase it will ask you if you want to use them. I have gotten my product for free with the reward program.
I use the card, they give me points. Spend like cash or to use on Amazon.com this is a great way to shop.
I don't know why other people have had problems, but this card has worked exactly as it stated in the information they sent me before I signed up.  Maybe it sucked before, but after using the card for 3 or 4 months now, it seems to be reasonable.  If you don't like the terms, then don't get it.
I shop alot on Amazon so getting the card was a no brainer.  As I shop I earn points, credit that goes towards future purchases, it's great.  I would recommend the Amazon Rewards card to savy Amazon shoppers like myself.
I love making purchases and getting the rebates on Amazon.com on my purchases. This card as not hard for redemption.
Very easy to use and great customer service. Love the rewards! Available online and at retailers everywhere. Glad I have it.
It has not disappointed me in any way. I am a man of few words so I will say bye.
one of the best reward cards I use. It even tells when I've got rewards when checking out at Amazon.
Awesome! Easy to use. Low interest. Easy to appily for. Overall a great card to have in case of an emergency or just to have.
Using the amazon Visa card has worked great for me. I have had no problems and the monthly payment is always affordable. Thanks amazon Visa!!
The lending bank that honors this card is great, have used them before for other purposes, my reason for it is at my age of 76 would be, It is best to have it and and not need it, than to need it and not have it.
I wasn't sure that I wanted another credit card; however, I tried the card.  I'm especially enjoying the rewards part and it's nice to have a card specifically for my Amazon purchases.
Having the Amazon Visa Rewards card  is easy to shop from amazon and return if need to.  Having the rewards attached also help to reduce the price that you pay for the item.  I am very happy to have the Amazon Visa.
Use it for gas and daily small purchases, and also big ones. I love the way the rewards are automatically discounted from your Amazon orders! Interest rate is not bad too.
The card I received was an excellent choice for credit cards.  I have had an account with this company since 1994 and all services have been excellent.
It was very easy to apply.  Not extensive or difficult.Once approved, wonderful $30 credit towards first purchase.  Simple to make purchases now and I need simplicity in my life.  Thanks Amazon.
what can one write. You use it, you pay your bill, repeat often. It is like any other credit card.
It helps relieve the pain. I put it on wherever I hurt and my joint & or muscle feels better.
It's great for online purchases, with great rewards, it's Visa! Don't leave home without it!  Gas, food and any/all other purchases.
This card is convenient and easy to use. my basic uses for the online at Amazon but I used once or twice in the emergency at work so well. I'm using the paperless billing and just straight on my email. also I get reminders send text and again on the emails. I really can't leave home without it
Signed up for my card today and in less than 10 seconds was approved. Also $50 gift card was on my account so I used it to make a purchase, went through without a hitch. I have been with Chase for quite some time and never have had a problem as those stated on other reviews. If anything changes I will update.
A quick application and speedy approval. Using the card makes it easy to place and pay for an Amazon purchase.
I love the Amazon Visa! I use all the time when I order on Amazon and love earning pointswhen I use my card. I would highly recommend it!
It's honestly very impressive how quickly points build up on this card. It has become the only thing I use for purchases on Amazon.
Love this card! Fast easy points! Can use it anywhere I want and I got a $30 credit to start!
Amazon visa  credit card is one of my favorite cards,I love to shop on amazon.com and this card is perfect for me, not  to mention any where else thatExcepts visa, best part of all and my fave are that you are earring points, that convert in to dollarsThat mean you can use them or purchases on amazon.com. I have bought items that my points have paid for them with out me having to spend extra, I recommend this card to any one who uses amazon .com, trust me you won't be let down.
Starting over costs too much for anyone's income, except the super rich.  Without this card, I would have been lost, underfunded, and miserable.  With it, I'm doing really well.  Great card.  Excellent service.
The rewards build up quickly...It easy to keep track of and redeem..not like other cards..Also notifications osfDouble Points ....
I love my Amazon card because I earn points on every purchase and can use them on Amazon.com. Great card.
I love the rewards I get on this card, and since I shop a lot on Amazon, I have actually been able to earn enough rewards to redeem them!  My other reward cards, I would have to spend $5000 to get a $25 reward, but I have had this card less than one year and have already been able to redeem points twice, without spending anywhere close to 5k!The only thing I don't like about this card is the interest rate...
I rated the review 5 stars ,,for the simple reason,,availability of products,,easy to pay and the rewards can be used any I choose.
It is really cool to get rewards points I can use towards my Amazon orders. It is always very easy to redeem the points I have accumulated. I also get the option of saviong the rewards points for other things, such as gift cards. I really like using them on my Amazon orders. Also, I use my Amazon card as my payment of choice when I place an Amazon order. It has been a great card.
It was a pleasure to be offered this visa rewards credit card. It was easy to apply for and quick with return acceptance. I was able to use it for the same day transactions. I recommend it to anybody who wants to join the Visa credit card program.
I use this credit card to establish credit. Since I paid cash for everything I was panelized for that. My main purchases are online here. Other than the interest rate being high I really have nothing bad to say about it. I don't need the card and I use this credit card just for fun and that makes a difference. Thank you for a drama free credit card! I really like the design too considering I am way picky.
I've had my card for about a year already and for someone who orders a lot from amazon, it's a win win for me. I also love that I can earn points on other things like gas, etc. Overall,  it's a good idea.
Customer service was great when I called with questions and no problems using card Visa is also accepted almost everwhere
A Amazon Gift Card, is only good if a person can use it at for something they need. Theycome in handy when shopping for gifts.
Great way in earning point with the card and be able to use the points for other products that I can use
I really like this card, you build reward points for different types of purchases and can use them on Amazon toward certain purchases. One click ordering is great!
I hate using credit cards, but this one is well worth it's use if you like to shop at Amazon.com.  The rewards are like receiving a monthly coupon.  The only thing I think they should add if two day shipping for users.
WOnderful to have a card that receives points towards Amazon purchases.  When one can find the lowest prices on Amazon it is a no brainer - this is the card to have when you shop at Amazon.
I was glad to be approved for this card. I use it for just about all of my purchases now, and the rewards add up pretty quick. It also makes Amazon purchases very quick and easy to process. Keep it paid off and you'll never pay a dime in interest, just let those rewards points roll in.
This is one of the best credit cards i ever had except the  American express but i wish i could get more cash back than now.
The rewards are great and plenty of flexibility built in. I would recommend this to anyone who likes to shop on Amazon and likes rewards for using a CC.
If you love Amazon and order from it all the time, then this card just makes sense. It's easy to rack up points and to apply them toward the things you were already going to purchase anyway from this awesome site. Plus there are great multipliers if you use your card in specific places like restaurants and grocery stores.
Great program, super easy, and quick... just what I need for a busy life!  Just make your selections, reveiw and click!  I realy enjoy this program!
This is light weight, durable and easy to take off and put on. A good price for a custom fit.I would recommend it again and again.
very comfortable. I bought for work. I am walking 8 hours in the hospital and my feet are not tired
I always come here first to shop, always finding just what I need along with a couple of prices for each store.The credit card makes it fast and easy to pay and have never had a problem with Amazons Visa CardI highly recommend it.
I love it because I don't have to waste time searching for credit cards,its a great service and I love my points!
I have enjoyed Amazon a lot and would tell all my friends that it does just what it tells you that it will do
QUISIERA SABER SI ESTA TARJETA FUNCIONA EN OTRO PAIS POR EJEMPLO VENEZUELA Y SI LLENANDO EL MISMO FORMULARIO SE PUEDE OBTENER
I've seen plenty of bad reviews for this credit card sponsored by Amazon.  All I can really say is, read the text on your screen.  The application process repeatedly tells you the expected interest rates ranges, that it's through CHASE bank, and if there is a sign-up bonus and how you will get it if approved.  After that, Amazon doesn't have any large control over the credit account granted by a bank.Upon applying, I was approved for a low amount, which was fine since my credit score is low and my history is less than perfect.  The system sent me multiple emails containing details about how the card worked, limits, interest rates, and how to get to the terms and conditions.  Reading other reviews where people are confused who their card is issued by and what is going on with it, my advice is open the email address you gave them and read it.  How you would apply for any credit in today's world and not read through the documentation is beyond me.I received my card in less than a week, although they do say it could be up to two weeks.  After getting the card, it was easy to activate and I was able to set up my account online with chase.com very easily and quickly.  I now have access and constant control over any credit card activity.Pros:-Approved me despite my not-perfect credit history, and with a score in the mid 600's.-Online access is easy with Chase.-Got a 50$ gift card accessible on my Amazon account immediately, great bonus.-Card is attractive-Will pay no interest as long as you can pay the full amount of what you charge per month.  For me, this is exactly what I wanted, I'm trying to rebuild my credit history.-No annual fee for having the account.-It's a Visa, accepted many places-Offers 3% cash back through points system on many Amazon purchases, 2% on most gas station purchases, 1% on everything else.Cons:-Defaults to the main payment source on Amazon, so be careful and change it back on your first purchase-A bit high on the interest rate, but that could just be my bad history with credit.-Doesn't offer interest free for 6,12,24 months on Amazon purchases over a certain amount like the Amazon store credit card.-Points system can be a little difficult to understand on some purchases in Amazon, due to some things on the site that are not technically offered by Amazon, but a different vendor.If you are needing another credit card, try this one.  I don't mind the Chase bank.  If you don't receive your card, contact CHASE, not Amazon, Amazon is just a sponsor, not the account holder.  And read through the fine details on any credit offer you accept, always.  I've been very happy with mine so far.
I love this card and the rewards. It's the only one I use now and will continue to use. Thank you!
Love the rewards, has great promotions, and good rates. Loved. That I get points for everyday experience Ms s that will serve for gifts around Christmas time.
I enjoy reading books and when I went online to review the latest crime mysteries at Amazon.com I was presented with an opportunity to apply for the Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card. After being approved I used my visa card on a product I had wanted along with five crime books. The best thing about using the card was that I received rewards points toward future purchases.
This card is great. Haven't encountered any issues and Amazon point is a major perk. Everyone should get this card!
Very satisfied to have credit with Amazon. It is very convenient to shop without worrying because I feel covered and protected.
I have used the card a couple of times and am very satisfied with the reward program. I will continue using it when purchasing on amazon
Awesome tool when you need it! Easy to use, easy to shop with it. Good deals every day! Awesome card!!
Great card, no problems, wonderful rewards, website easy to use, access and understand. interest rates are great. card is accepted ever where. overall have had no problems what so ever.
The VISA CARD works fine.I have set up automatic payments. I have also elected to receive electronic statements. I only use my card for amazon purcheses.
WONDERFUL BANK I ABSOLUTELYU LOVE YHIS BANK AND CREDIT COMPANY THEY ARE THE BEST I LOVE THEM AWW SHAA BABY
Having the card makes ordering easier and faster. The rewards earned make buying on Amazon more attractive. I would recommend this card to anyone.
one of the lowest interest rate cards, easy to understand billing statement. Haven't used my rewards yet, but I know they are there!
This is a fabulous card that is easy to use and even better easy to pay. I simply pick up my phone and make a payment. No muss no fuss!
I like have a credit card that I use ONLY for my on line purchases with Amazon.  Even though I can use it for other things, it helps keep my bookkeeping simple to use this card for strictly on line purchases.  The statements are easy to read and I just pay online.  Anything that makes my life easier is a major plus!
This is one card where the rewards were immediate. Not only did I get a big bonus of $50 for getting the card, it was immediately applied to the purchase I was making. Likewise, I was able to use the reward points I earned on my next purchase. It is really a great card to have.
We have been using this and it relly helps. And i think it can be a little more than 50$ cos they  make way lot more money as we keep on ordering. They should atleast give  it after every calander yr.
so easy to use and i look forward to saving up the reward points and then using the rewards points
One of the best use for Amazon shopping. The wards of being a prime member saves me a lot and the protection you have is even better
I can make all my selections and then with a few simple clicks my order is on it&#34;s way. I have always got my shipment on time. After my order is placed I am always informed about shipping and arrival dates. I am very pleased that I decided to sign up for my card. I can use it anytime,anywhere I need.
It was easy to obtain, easy to use and easy to pay for. The card works for anything. I likw the online pay.Thaks,
I have used my Amazon Visa Card many times for purchases on Amazon.com and have always been pleased with the results!
I really like the rewards program, and how I always get amazon cash! I am glad to use the card while shopping omline at amazon, bc I get rewarded everytime!
it is my back up card for things we need around the house ! I try to keep the balance low !
Very pleased with the terms and agreements of this card. Certainly will use card as needed. Interest rate is acceptable for this day and time.
Convenience of the century. I love the ease of use, my wife and I both use the Kindle white screen to read and it is so easy to browse books and such, choose what we want and it is done. This by far beats the hassles of driving to a local book distributor, searching through the many aisles of publications and avoiding the traffic that at times gets pretty congested. Thank you amazon.com Rewards Card.
I'm not a big fan of credit cards, but with the payback reward program, it's hard to resist this card. Large purchases get you large discounts toward future purchases! It's come in handy more than once!!
I really love this card. Like everyone I think,you love to know that you are getting the best deals out there. Amazon has all those. I use my card for everyday things, then use my reward points for something special for me :)
I got this card because my daughter had one and she loved the security features. I love them too. The best part is you get rewards points for every dollar you spend, which translates to free stuff on Amazon!!  You can't beat that!  Love this card!!
The Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card through my bank was and is an incredible concept because Amazon has so many products to choose from and it was so easy to use.  THANK YOU!
Earning reward points for purchases is awesome!  I have benefited from several purchases due to my reward points.  I spending the money anyway, so I may as well get something back for it.  Thank yo Amazon.com and CHASE!
Good book very helpful.Allowed me to pass my test.tabs were very helpful made finding code sections easier.Thank you very much
i would recamend it to any one . had no problems with it. one of the best cards ever love it
I like the convenience and ease of using this card along with the app on my phone. The fact that this is a rewards card and I am earning points is great.Thanks Amazon.
I LOVE AMAZON.COM. VISA I GET GREAT DEALS AND EVERYTHING SO FAR HAS BEEN SECURE AND DONE ON TIME. I HAVE NO PROBELSM WITH MY ON LINE VIEWING AND BUYING. I CAN COMPARE AS I SHOP TO FIND THE BEST PRICE AND QUALITY.  PRODUCTS I HAVE BROUGHT ARE SHIPPED ON TIME AND I HAVE THE COMFORT OF KNOWING I CAN RETURN IF I HAVE TO WITH NO PROBLEM.
So far very pleased, would recommend it. Everything i have ordered has shown up in a timely fashion, and the discount they gave me was fantastic
Since I like to shop Amazon, what better card to have. Just another card to have in case of emergencies traveling. You can't have too much good credit, just have to pay the bills America.
The hearing aid tubes fit better and are easy to install as the end is tappered. Great price! Quick service
After reading all this post, I think I should let everybody know my experience. Only two things I can say, I received my $50 gift card immediately after I got approved. :) I never had issues with my bills, I receive my bills electronically (email setup) and I also receive text messages letting me know that my payment is due in 10 days. I can't complain! : )
I love my amazon rewards card!  I can find almost anything that I need on Amazon.com and then to have a rewards card where I can get a discount on my purchases - I am in heaven!!!!Best move I ever made was to apply for the amazon rewards card.
I would do it again .  Its super easy and always ready.  Dont miss out on the special deals .  Go for it .
The Amazon.com Rewards Visa makes Amazon purchases very easy.  And the $$ rewards that come from purchases is great.  Just used a $10 reward on a new purchase!
This works well because I can quickly buy something on Amazon without having to enter information on payment every time I order something.
I was approved within 10 seconds and was able to pay for the item with my gift card right away!
you can use this card everywhere you want: grocery store, gas stations and get your cash back, and I liked is gives 10$ of your purchase at amazon.com. The only thing you should do is to try to close your balance in time)))
Used for quick shopping. Has excellent protection program to deter fraud purchases. Very impressed on fraud protection due to immediate response to my home and email about possible fraud purchases.
Quick way to pay my purchases and more reward added that i am using in next transactions.Card is from Chase Bank and easy to pay online as well. Easy to setup alert so you won't miss any payment.There are many other features that comes with the card. The best part is that i am getting rewarded by using this card that i can use on my next purchases.
First account that is truly linked to the only online site who has the most of everything anyone would want.
This card is very easy to use. I've never had any issues with online payment, billing, etc. The customer service is great. I would definitely recommend this card to families and friends. Very easy to redeem points.
This card is great to use for Amazon purchases. You get points for what you purchase and then can use them to buy more stuff. Easy and hassle-free. I only buy things on Amazon with this card now. Why wouldn't you when you get paid to use it?!
Love the visa card because I get rewarded for buying the things I normally buy.  Win-Win situation!  Nothing better than getting rewards.
Love this card! Over the years, I've gotten hundreds, maybe thousands, of dollars worth of &#34;free&#34; stuff on amazon because of it. The new system of having your points show up on your amazon account is great (you used to have to wait to get a certificate in the mail). Just be careful at checkout that you choose &#34;shop with points&#34; or else the purchase gets put on your card. I've made this mistake more than once. All in all, a great deal - especially if you never run a balance.
Great discount and will be using a lot for the holiday season!  Easy to use and keep an eye on your balance.
I applied for this credit card to use on Amazon.com for purchases. I find a product I like. I use the credit card to buy it. I get my stuff. They send a statement and I pay it. No problem.
We enjoy having the Amazon.Com Rewards Visa Card because we can use it on-line or in person.  We carry a low balance on it so that if we should need a little extra cash or have to stay overnight in a hotel, we have this Visa card.  The billing is easy to understand, pricing is fairly competitive on rates and the 3% rewards points add up.  The neat thing about the rewards is that you choose how and when you want to use them.  This is the only credit card we carry in our wallet because we do not normally carry a card.
IS A GOOD CARD HAVE HAD NO TROUBLE USEING IT OR USEING THERE WEB SITE TO BUY OR TO MAKE PAYMENTS.
I appreciate Amazon for approving this card for me. its been nice to have the option to buy on Amazon or use it elsewhere.