The red band(heaviest resistance) started tearing the first time I used it, so for obvious reason I stopped and tried the black one. The black one lasted fine for the exercise, but the next day it started ripping in the same place as the red one. I will not use the other colors as they simply do not have enough resistance.  A big minus is that this set has only one pair of handles and to switch from one handle to another is a big inconvenience and a waist of time.
I wish I would have taken the warnings I read in some of the other reviews seriously!I purchased these bands and loved them the first 2 times I used them. The handles make the bands very comfortable to hold. They seemed to be high quality. I am 5'3" and the stretch was plenty for me, though if you are tall I'm not so sure this set of bands would work for you. After my first 2 uses I would have given these bands 5 out of 5 stars, but after today's workout there's no chance!While I was using the yellow band the hardware snapped and hit my leg. Thankfully it hit our concrete garage floor before hitting my leg. I've attached photos of the hardware issue--  as you can see one of the handles becomes disconnected even with the slightest amount of pull. It seems that the peg that keeps the clip attached to the band is too small for the hole.All in all I would say don't waste your money! I'm going to cough up a little more money and buy actual dumbbells.
I bought this from Walmart for the same price as Amazon. On my first use, the cleaning rod broke at the extension point and the plastic handle came off on the other one. I will never buy anything with Outers written on it. I am buying individual parts from Tipton and other reputable manufacturers to make my own cleaning kit.
My kit arrived with parts missing. Everything was in disarray, with just a few parts resting in their spots. After inspecting it and putting everything back where it belongs, I opted to send it back. The parts feel chintzy and overall looks like a cheap  kit. I didn't even try to use it...just packed it up and sent it back. What a disappointment.
Piece of crap. The black push rod handle cracked in half the first time I used it and the copper bristles fall out of the pieces. Lots of sizes to use but what's the point when they are all low quality garbage
As I write this review this product is coming apart,most of the workmanship was glue together and taped with doublesided tape which is not sticking and this item has not even been used yet. I have not even had the oppurtunity to use this product to to countining to make repairs.Very unsatisfied with this item.
Cheap product!  Within two days of use it started to loose air where I found a pin size hole and is now no longer useable.  You could buy the same product (also made in china) at local stores for 1/4 the price. I would not recommend this product.
this lock is useless on my glock and shotgun and only barely fits very awkwardly on my sig sauer.  it does fit on my ruger revolver but barely too.  it is bulky and you're better off getting a small lock box instead of this.  it may sound good until you try in on and it doesn't fit or barely fit, not to mention it may scratch up the gun.  this claims to fit many or most guns but it doesnt fit the popular ones out there like the ones i have.  what's worse is that the 3rd digit on the combo gets stuck and is difficult to move.  that would totally render this lock totally useless.  it doens't fit and if it does fit it would take you forever just to roll the digits over to your code to unlock it!  overrated lock.
This lock jammed immediately when I tried to change the default combination.  I would hate to think it would jam when it counted most.  Not recommended.
Too Bulky!The form factor is too bulky to fit in the trigger for my AR/HK style rifles. The rod is too large to go behind the trigger. No point on putting it in-front of the trigger. It doesn't grab that tight either. It's just a poorly designed lock.
My husband bought this for our two year old son... and it was just too big for him to use.  So, we thought we'd wait.  We had it outside, under a tarp and within two months, it started to rust.  Once it started, the rust couldn't stop.  So basically, a big waste of money.Should have bought the plastic Rock-n-Roll Trike instead or a Kettler.
I would never buy this trike again for a child.  It tips VERY easily when the child's weight leans even the slightest bit forward or to the side.  Enough said.  Money wasted and damage done.
This is the little brother of the DMT diafold.  Very light and small.  I keep one on my keychain.  The extended length when open, is an aid to keeping a constant angle.  I have never had one come apart but I suspect they are not as durable as the diafold and are not available two sided (two different grits) which of course, would be heavier.  Mine seem to be rust resistant for use with water to wash away metal dust which would otherwise accumulate on the surface.  These Mini Sharps are not for any work heavier than edge maintenance.UPDATE 9/7/2012:-- The molded-on flanges of the plastic handle broke off when I tried to unfold my Mini-Sharp. No more than normal force was applied.  It is now in two pieces.  I want an item like this to be dependable. Lowering my rating to one star.
I do not recommend this item.  It is advertised as being able to last a long period of time without dulling and this was not the case for me.  I took it out of the package, sharpened one knife, and midway through the second knife, I noticed that the course side was smooth.  Sure enough when I felt it with my finger there was almost no abrasive material left on the sharpener.  The total time I used the product before it became useless was 20 minutes.
ORIGINAL:It is like a Yellow Ferrari :) The color in the picture is faithful to reality. All tool are excellent as expected but beware that this is very small knife. A true keyring thin short knife and micro scissors :)UPDATE:After first use, I noticed that the keyring is at the wrong end of the knife and right end of the scissors. Maybe this knife in reality is a nail-clipper (scissor to clip and file to smooth out and the knife is a novilty that goes with the name. I am updating my review to 1 just so they may listen otherwise the knife is worth 3.5 stars max 4.ACTIONI think we should all update our ratings to 1 for Victronix to listen up or as one of the reviewer said already that he has contacted them since 2o years ago but no one listen.
There are a number of great credit card knives, (so called because they are when folded the size of a credit card) made by both S.O.G. which makes the "Access card",  and Spyderco which makes the "Spydercard". The cost nearly is the same and the others have actual useful blades. This thing is cheap, cheap, cheap incomparison. Do yourself a favor and take a look at those others before buying this one.
This ball needed air straightout the box. My boys were unable to play with it and now I need to purchase an air pump. Will not purchase again should have brought from a local store.
It didn't clean my hands, which weren't very dirty in the first place and it ruined my hair.Maybe it's just me, but I tried one *drop* for washing my hair. Even pre-mixed it with warm water. No amount of rinsing could get it out of my hair. It left my hair all greasy/oily. My hair was cleaner before I put this horrid stuff in it!Had to re-wash a FEW times with regular shampoo to get it all out.Now I don't dare use it on anything else. It's awful. Sitting on a shelf collecting dust.
I had just finished my bottle that I purchased at a retail store and opened this 32 ounce bottle to use today.  I am beyond disappointed this this is a watered down version of Bronner's soaps!  Unfortunately the window to request a return has elapsed, but I want to advise those who consider purchasing this soap from this vender to reconsider.  I could have paid more locally and enjoyed the thick soap that I am used to.
the reason i purchased this was because i read some review on pintrest that it works to clean pans. Well first it has palm oil and 2nd who the heck writes such junk on a bottle? the thing creeped me out.
Product is was too pricey. DO NOT USE ON YOUR HAIR! It says you ca use it on hair and body but it dries and damages the hair. If you've a sensitive sense of smell then you can smell the hemp in it. Gave it to a friend who seemed to like it. I will stick with Bath and Body Works(-;
I've used Thera-Band balls at the place where I got physical therapy and I know they are great quality. The issue I had was that the ball I received did not come with an adapter that would allow me to inflate it with a bicycle pump, nor did it come with a plug. So basically it was unusable, as you can't inflate it without a plug to stop the air from exiting once it's inflated. Also, if you don't get an adapter for a bicycle pump, you will need some sort of pump that can fit into the hole of this ball to inflate it.As much as I love the brand, I would recommend a different ball that comes as a kit with a hand pump, plug, etc. I ended up getting a GAIAM ball and have been very pleased.
I thew this garbage away after spending only 1 night on it. Kept deflating and I had to wake up repeatedly to re-inflate it. Be careful - if you order one you might get a leaker and spend a miserable night on it.
The light itself is so-so.  The mount is cheap and poorly designed.  I put one on my Stepdads bike it fell and broke on the 3rd week.Don't buy it.
Back in 2005 when i bought my 1st Bicycle i also got this light combo(Whereas my front light was gray in hue,unlike the black/gray one you see here)thinking it was a good buy,wrong!This product is as shoddy as most "BEll products" are.The rear light went out first,then the front light shorted out after a minor drop.Later after having my bicycle stolen while using a Bell bike lock i've learned not to trust the viability of "Bell products" ever again.That's why i'm now a "Cateye's" and "Nite Ize" product fan.Learn from my mistake and avoid buying this product at all cost.
Bought two for the fam, used once, didn't hold air for more than a few hours then had only about half, which is where it stayed, and that was before ever, ever put any weight on them, in the middle of the day. And yes, I double-checked the plug. Also removed all rocks from the sandy tent pad, used a quality tent tarp underneath a quality tent, as well, though since hadn't put any weight on either of them when they lost the air that shouldn't have mattered anyway.Did I love the carrying bags? Oh yeah. Also loved the nice new (to me) plug system which made blowing it up and sealing quickly while still full of air very easy. Too bad the part that really matters - holding air - was so immensely inadequate. Returned them immediately after returning from camping trip, now have to go find something else after having shopped for this till thought would drop..."thanks" Coleman...arrgghh.
I bought this mattress about 6 weeks ago, to replace an older model of Coleman Queen-Sized air mattress that lasted 2 years, before it started to leak.Within a week, this mattress developed a slow leak - had to pump it up about once a week - I thought, Well, that's not too much trouble, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of the older model.Then, a few days ago, it developed more (or a larger) leak(s) - now, it deflates in about 4 hours - pitiful. Someone said it came with patches - mine didn't.I suggest you buy something else - I am going to - don't know which one yet.Buyer beware - the quality has went spiraling down, faster than the leak *__*
This goggle is VERY fussy.  And if you have a 5 year old learning how to swim, it's quite frustrating and distracting for the kid and the parent.  When it does work properly it's only temporary. Eventually the water sneaks itself back in the darn goggles.  It really makes the learning experience for my kid very annoying if the goggle doesn't work. The adult versions are MUCH better. I'll just have my kid use mine instead. VERY disappointed in this product.
While we love the goggles (my boys aren't fans of the typical style) and they are amazingly easy to put on, we had one pair crack in numerous places around the seal after just one season of use. We do not abuse them, so I don't know how or why it occurred, but I did buy a pair to replace them. If the others crack I'll update!The sun-tinted goggles are perfect for my little guy with sun sensitive eyes. They fit my 4 year old (first wore them at 3) and 6 year old both well, I just need to make sure they are sealed before they jump into the pool.Updating a few months later - the sun-tinted goggles only lasted 4 months of weekly (twice a week in the summer). The last pair is barely hanging on and I'm guessing they will likely last a few more swim lessons before they start allowing water in. The seal has cracked on each pair of goggles, and I treat them the exact same way that I treat my own swim goggles that I've had for years.I do not recommend these goggles, I don't think they are worth buying a new pair this often. I haven't read other people's reviews lately, part of me wonders if there is something I'm not doing that they need that my own goggles don't? If anyone has an idea, please let me know!
This is a very small, not average sized Razor.  I had bought one a few years ago for my daughter and she still rides & loves it.  I bought this one for my 6 year old boy, thinking it was the same size. He can't even get both feet on the deck.  I do not recommend this razor for anyone older than 4.
aaawwww didn't fit the polaroid instant camera I had even thou they say it will ...WILL NOT BUY AGAIN booo
I have owned three of these stoves over the years.  i gave the first two to my kids and ordered this model.  The windscreens are cheaply, made, fall off the stove which then doesnt  support the rear screen.  Once closed it required a hunting knife to open because the inner deck stuck to the lid.  The right burner worked fine but the left burner flamed inefficiently.I feel this stove is a piece of junk and Coleman ought to feel ashamed of the sheet metal worksmanship on it.
I have been using this brand and model goggle for some time.  The puppy got into my gym bag and chewed up my last pair, so time to replace.  Bought these and I don't know if they were defective or what, but after 2 swims, they began to leak.  The soft silicone that goes around the eyes started to get all wavy and finally there was no seal at all.Ended up getting another pair at the gym.  Liked the brand until this pair.
Sorry, but just because this has the Speedo name does NOT mean it has the Speedo quality.  These do fog continually as well as leak.  I am a Speedo fan and always buy their products, but this gives me second thoughts.
This was a once great American iconic brand, and it was the best insulated bottle out there. Not anymore. Does not have the insulating properties that the older American made models have and the handles are spot welded and cheap. Do not buy.
The original model i was looking for (24oz food jar) was sold out everywhere, so i picked this one up. I was impressed by the labeling that promised to keep liquids hot for 24hrs.First thing i did was a temp test with boiling water. 8pm: preheat bottle and fill with boiling liquid. Sealed Securely. 8am next morning (12hrs in a typical work day): Water is room temperature. I might as well have left it in a plastic container. The packaging explicitly says it will keep liquids hot for 24hrs and cold for 32hrs. This seems to be false. I did several leak tests, did the test all over again, with the same result. Water is cold by the time i open the bottle 12 hours later.I did notice that this bottle becomes noticeably warm to the touch after being filled with the liquid. For an insulated bottle, it seems to be giving off a lot more heat than it should...i dunno...be insulating?Any time you introduce cost-cutting into manufacturing (such as outsourcing to china) you probably lose out on some consistency, which is why a few customer here have reported duds. I am likely the recipient of a lemon. I cant say for sure that the claims Stanley-pmi makes are false, but in my experience there is a large gap between the quality Stanley advertises and what it delivers.
I have owned a Stanley thermos for years and they were built like a tank and made in the USA. I picked one up a few days ago and was shocked at how light and flimsy it is. While it may look like the old American made Stanley, it is just a veneer of it's old self and absolute Chinese junk not built to last.I am so disappointed to see once great American companies succumb to the economic pressure of building junk. I would rather they go out of business than ruin their good reputation. Don't waste your money as the companies soul died some time ago.
Complete junk. As with others I have noted a much lighter product and one that simply does not keep hot drinks hot or cold drinks cold.PMI, the people that bought Aladdin, really have no idea how to make things. Apparently all they do is design the product and pray to God that the contract manufacturer across the pond is building the product correctly. PMI should have kept the Aladdin factory open and the same people in place, but they decided to ship the job to China and charge the same price. Quality suffered big time folks.Instead of fooling with the warranty, I bought a vintage one off of ebay. The quality is night and day. The vintage stanleys were truly built to last. PMI can use the Stanleys history for their marketing ploys,  but they cannot steal the quality of the original.
Now some folks have a fit if you write a review and don't own the product which has happened to me. However I feel the main value of reviews is to try and get an accurate sense of the quality, reliability and dependability of a product before you buy it. Cost is also a factor as is most important  ;the product warranty and how the company handles it.This product is a classic example of something I would quickly purchase based on their prior reputation.I have a 38 year old stainless steel foam insulated vacuum bottle that needs replacement. I said to a friend in the ice shanty &#34;It's time for a new Stanley.&#34;However after shopping here I will have to alter that statement.Almost 30 % of the reviews are 3 stars or less which means a lot of unhappy purchasers who thought they were buying traditional American quality and not new Chinese trash.Like any wise buyer I am willing to pay a little more for quality and reputation but no stupid  enough to buy junk. Thanks for the great reviews. I will be doing one in the future on the Thermos I will buy.
Not at all stable! The circle frame comes in four parts, and when put together they did not create a flat circle.  When together only 2 of the 6 feet hit the floor at any given moment.  Not stable and not at all safe for my 2.5 year old son to bounce on.  This is going back.
I have put these together before.  It's hard, but not awful.The instructions literally say that this job requires three strong adult.  THREE.  Do you have any idea how often there are three strong adults in my house at the same time?  Almost never.  So, needless to say, it's still sitting on my couch waiting for a few strong adults to show up.My husband and I worked on this for over an hour.  We got two pieces together, and finally gave up.THEN, the smell is overwhelming.  I'm pretty sure whatever they made it with is highly flammable and could possibly burst into flames by it'self at any minute.  It does say &#34;Keep away from open flame&#34;.  But, I think this is more like &#34;Do not light a match while this is in the room&#34;.
Bought this for my 6 year old nephew. He liked jumping on it but when he would jump on it the legs would slowly bend inward (into storage position) and have to be constantly re-positioned. Returned it.
DOE. Did not work out of the package. Tried the provided battery first, nothing. Bought another battery thinking it was probably just old, still didn't work. Never powered up. Never displayed anything. It was returned (thank you for the great return policy Amazon!)
Sensor does not work. Period. I have installed at least 6 other bike computers. All worked after adjustment;This one WILL NOT SENSE WHEEL MOTION.AVOID.
Worked fine for 3 weeks. Stopped sensing the sensor. I could move the magnet past the sensor and hear its internal reed switch click open/close. But, the computer wasn't detecting it. Computer could be manually turned on. But, still, it didn't detect anything happening at the sensor.
The first time I rode my bike with this seat cover in place, I was really pleased.  It was nice and soft and the center cut-out made it much more comfortable than the flat seat pad I'd been using before.  But as soon as I got off my bike after that first ride, I saw little sticky white blobs all over the cover.  The gel was leaking out through the fabric.  At first I didn't think it was a big deal.  I told myself that maybe there was just a little excess gel in there and the leaking would stop once the extra gel had been squeezed out.  But no such luck.  It kept on leaking little lumps of gel every time I rode.Then I realized that the gel was not only leaking out through the fabric, it was shifting into the center cut-out.  I tried taking a heavy needle and thread and stitching around the edge of the cut-out in an effort to hold the gel in place, but it didn't work.  It's no longer shifting toward the center of the pad, but it's shifting everywhere else in every direction, creating uncomfortable bumps and bulges.  I've barely had the seat cover a month, and it's a bedraggled lumpy mess.So if you're considering buying this, I have one word of advice: don't.
When they arrived I took one look and was very disappointed. One of them had a broken globe, so I'll have to resend it out for another one. These were supposed to be stocking stuffers, but I don't give people stuff I don't recommend myself. The ones I was sent were gold in color and they don't even look like a &#34;Coleman&#34; lantern (Like the one in the picture)
You get what you pay for.I needed the strap for another watch. The watch was cheap enough to order. My strap broke on my other watch, so I ordered this to use the strap off of.
I thought this had a heart monitor. SMALL Display. The Calorie Burnt Counter is Kcal vs regular calories. I ran on the treadmill and compared my Calories burned and Distance and it was VERY OFF!  Overall the pedometer said I only burned 83 kcal I ran for 30 mins and walked for 15 mins = 45 mins total in  which the treadmill stated I burned 400 Calories. You must also calculate the kcal according to your age, but my results did not come close to the treadmill measurements.  Dissapointed. I bought this because of the reviews on how accurate it is. But it's not. Have you compared it to something else? a bike or a treadmill?
Terrible Frisbee!  Doesnt fly well and broke in half after about the 15th throw (it landed on the porch and just snapped in half)  Was a big waste of money.
I learned to cook on cast iron 50 years ago. What they sell now as cast iron is crap. Good cast iron cookware is surfaced on the inside bottom then seasoned so you have a flat surface. This junk they pass off now has all the grit of the sand mold left on the inside. You would need a heavy grinder to make this stuff useable.IT'S TOTALLY WORTHLESS JUNK.
I bought one of these a few years ago and the lining started to peel off. I contacted Sigg via their website to inquire about a replacement under warranty, but received no response whatsoever. This failure to honor their warranty is completely unacceptable in my view.I would recommend avoiding the issues with the Sigg lining by just buying a stainless steel bottle. I replaced my Sigg with a Hydro Flask and like it very much so far.
SIGG fed on our fears of BPA and profited as we bought their BPA-laden bottles.  Punish evil; don't buy their products!
A piece of junk. Low noise rating and poor quality amplified audio. This must be a made in China. Hard to replace batteries. Not well constructed. Would not recommend.
Don't buy these!  I've had three pairs now, and they all quit withing the first 30 minutes of use under ideal conditions!
This is the third pair I have had. The first was wonderful, lasted 3 years and you could hear a fly at 50 feet. The second pair lasted about 8 months, and the audio was much less than the first. The right ear unit stopped working. Third pair is junk. The volume reduced after a couple of weeks and the right ear quit after 6 months. Buy the Howard Leigh. They are going on two years now.
Update 1/8/13- Now having these for 2 1/2 years, I am downgrading this recommendation even more. It is incredibly frustrating that they cannot do the basics such as having some kind of indicator showing when the device is on or off.  Even without that, it should have a marking on the earphones indicating on/off.  Lazy design, lazy engineering, lazy thinking.  They really don't deserve your hard-earned money!I rated these earphones as "okay" but not great.  At the gun range, they definitely keep the sound down, but it's the little things that it's missing.  For example:1.  It should have an LED indicator telling you if the earpiece is on or not.  That's annoying and can drain your batteries if you're not careful, especially, since each ear turns on and off.  In addition, it should at least give you an on/off indicator, even it it's not an LED!2.  The overall hearing protector should have an adjustable head band.  Not all head sizes are the same.  I have an XL head and this barely covered my ears.3.  Installing the batteries is a major headache, that they should definitely make more user-friendly.  I have a graduate degree and this thing took me 15 minutes to figure out.Bottom line, for the money, I expect more.  Either pay more for a better model or go elsewhere.
First off, these amplify ALL sounds, so they are useless in a factory where there are constant noises echoing from a distance.When I walk on concrete, my FOOTSTEPS get isolated by these headphones, and the phones mute for almost a half second EVERY step. I cant even hear myself walk WITHOUT these on. They are hot and not exactly UNcomfortable, but you feel much better NOT wearing them.To top it off, I got it at the last GoldBox deal, and I was *NOT* sent the "7S" model I paid $99.99 for. I was sent this 6S model that retails for exactly $79 on Amazon, and I didnt notice until 5 weeks later.
I would not recomend this. Couldnt get it to snarpen a schrade 5 dollar knife that I've had for 12 years.
made in china and did not say so in product description. should have done my homework due to the low price.
This should be called a dulling stone. Have something to sharp? Then this will make that no longer a concern
Owned this scope for 2 seasons. Mounted on my RRA AR15. I was initially please with this scope. Made in Korea, zoomed smoothly, versatile, stayed tight on the mounts and consistently accurate. After putting about 500rds through it I was amazed that the crosshairs fell apart. That's right. The crosshairs literally fell apart. The lens were fine, scope was never dropped  or abused. Looking through the lens the crosshairs simply scattered. Weird. I liked the scope I paid $79.99 retail, and it appeared to be top quality. It held up well. I guess too many rounds went through it. Pretty disastrous failure if your'e hunting for food. Maybe pay more and get something rated for more use.
Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money on a gps or laser rangefinder.  This product does not work well.
If you install these end caps onto your bike rack crossbars, they will never come out without a fight.  After coming out, they will not be suitable for reinstallation.  The price needs to come down for this product to meet its quality.
Here in Florida, we get a lot of heat, humidity and rain. After having my rack system and Q towers in place for about 3 years now, I've now been through 3 sets of end caps. They always start to crack right where the molding injection point is, and just go crazy from there. I'm definitely going to look into something cheaper, as I'm tired of spending $11 on a set of 4 stupid caps.
What complete garbage and huge waste of money.  I put 4 of these caps on standard Yakima round bars.  I even lubed each one up with food grade grease, took great care to be sure each was centered well and tapped lightly with the palm of my hand.  ALL FOUR of these pieces of junk cracked - I could not believe my eyes.  Like another reviewer suggested I bought 4 standard 1 inch rubber table feet which fit perfectly and look fine, with the added benefit of a bit of cushion just in case one gets a stray head bump.  Yakima might as well be stealing your money - these are worthless pieces of junk and they should be embarrassed to have their name on them.  I am thoroughly disgusted and if I had not already sunk hundreds of dollars into building my roof rack I would get rid of the whole thing just on principle.  I hate being taken advantage of and even though it was only $12 it is still tantamount to theft - 100% guaranteed to break - 4 out of 4 cracked caps.  I would give negative 5 stars if I could.
Spent a small fortune putting together a Yakima rack system to replace a different brand that had been on my car 24/7 for the last 14 years..Putting together and installing the the towers, clips, locks and end caps, I was really happy with the results..Today I noticed that one of the end caps had split from about 3:00 to 7:00 and was hanging loose..Checked the other 3 caps and found a second one on the opposite side that had also split..I have only used the rack once since installing to carry my cargo box for a total 24 hrs..The cargo box does not come close to the end caps so it cannot be the cause of the damage..Appears to me to be caused by faulty design or JUST PLAIN CHEAP MATERIALS! used by Yakima..I will NOT be replacing these with the Yakima product but will be looking for something different that I can modify to serve the same purpose..HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT..
This is not for survival situations. It only lights up things that are very flammable. Good for planned camping but not  something  that is not planned you will not be able to start a fire. You can't start a fire with a blast match by things you will find in the woods.[...]
This seller is selling these for an outrageous price and you should look elsewhere.  Bicycle Source US refused to cancel my order when I realized how ridiculous their price was and insists on charging a huge fee for a return.Please go elsewhere.
Shorts are very good. They fit well and padding is nice. However on second day threads started to open. Perhaps I got defective piece.
I just purchased this reel not more than a week ago through a different vendor.  I took the reel out to test it and thought it was a good reel.  I love rear drag reels.  This reel,however, is a disaster!!!  My SECOND time out with this new reel, the drag is not working at all.  I can't even set the hook.  I might as well have my bail open for all the good the drag does.  I have 30lb powerpro on the reel which is about the same diameter as 10lb test.  The reel casts just fine, but NO DRAG.  I'll not buy this reel again, nor another reel from this company. I was hoping this would be a good muskie reel, now I'll have to find something different.  Don't waste your money, buy something with quality that has 2 or 3 ball bearings.
First let me say I am a HUGE fan of the OLD hit a way. This new one is basically worthless. The ad says you can use it on a pole, where this is true it does not specify that the pole must be 2 inches or smaller in diameter. How many poles do you find that size? Pretty much zero. It WILL NOT fit around your typical basketball pole as they are 4 inches or bigger.The strap is long enough, but the velcro is not long enough for it to secure around a larger pole thus making it worthless.I think the design is so that you are forced to buy their pole to use the item. If you notice in the picture of their pole it is a small diameter item.What once used to be great is not worthless, Unless of course you want to go out and spend more money buying their pole and equipment to use it.Don't waste your money.
Had perchused one of these 15 years ago in a combo pack. That was a great little rod,i had cought up to 4ib smallies,then last summer it finaly broke. So I ordered up a new one. At fisrt was impressed by the revisions to the guides. much wider than my original one. I did relize that the pole was only 4ft not 4'6. I threw on my little Daiwa Crossfire. I get to the lake to pick up a few sculpin and brim. First cast the rod snaped in two, right in the middle. Didnt even get to reel in the line. Just splintered and snaped in two. Only had 1/32oz weight.
Too ultra-light action of rod throughout length of this rod.  To fix that, I pulled in the last section of the rod to down into the rod & glued it there, making the rod not as whippy.  Then I noticed the amount of arc/bending of the rod is same all the way down to the handle, which means if you wanted to reel in any small lure you wouldnt feel the lure, meaning you also would have a tough time detecting a nibble if using bait without a bobber.  So you're limited to just bobber fishing with this rod, & even then only if you had shortened the rod like I did so the rod wouldn't bend into a circle if you caught a small fish.  Also btw the eyelets are all-metal instead of any ceramic inside the loops to avoid eventually tearing line, but can live with all-metal guides at this cheap price, it's the arc all the way down to the base that I don't like.On the plus side, the grip on this handle is nice comfortable sponge.  Plus you can fit the base of any reel on this.  The best tiny telescopic rods are the Pen brand of rods, way better than this junk, but Pen small telescopic rods wont hold any reel of yours..
I am really shocked with the poor quality of this rod, as I have other Shakespeare rods, I never expect they produce such bad ones.
I bought this rod right before a backpacking trip to a mountain lake. Easily fit into the outer pocket of my pack. Was decent for casting. Caught several trout just fine. Second day it broke when collapsing it. Had extended and collapsed it 5 times. I do not recommend.
Bought as a cheap rod (4ft 6inch UL)to keep in the car for impromtu fishing trips. Rod sections jammed in place the fisrt time the rod was extended kind of defeating the purpose of a telescopic rod! Returned for refund.
this is not meant for hunting. i have no idea why people say otherwise. ok if you walk to a nice stand that is easy to get to and don't stalk around.i hunt public land and hike about a mile to two miles in, sometimes trhough some nasty stuff. this thing gets caught on everything, and when it does it falls apart, the arrows fall out and its just plain and simple silly.i strapped it backwards to my pack with some paracord and it made it out of the woods with less pain. promptly returned to store.avoid this and save syourself headache
I MANAGED TO BREAK ONE OF THE SET SCREWS WITHIN 25 MINUTES OF OPENING THE PACKAGE,  I BOUGHT THIS REST BECAUSE IT  LOOKED LIKE THE GOLDEN KEY TM HUNTER REST I HAVE HAD ON MYOTHER  BOW FOR 20 YEARS.  THIS REST IS JUNK.  I AM TRYING THE NAP 800 INSTEAD.  ONE STAR IS TOO HIGH A RATING .
Lasted only for 1 blast gave as gift to a friend and it let him down , when he needed it on his boat not worth the money or effort
I got this took it out of the package to test it and NOTHING.  only a hissing sound.  product sucks!  Waste of money.
I was very excited to get these guides until I took everything out of the box doing inventory.  The company failed to provide bolts and hex nuts.  So I got to waste my time, gas, and additional money going to several stores to get the equipment needed to install these guides.  They look great now that they are in place, but I found it unacceptable to have to get all the hardware for a project that should have been complete and ready for set up on arrival.
I could make a better guide on using PVC and glue.You can't even tighten the support rail enough to where it doesn't move because you'll crack the PVC.
This product claims to restore plastic but after 10 minutes of scrubbing one headlight cover with it and a terry cloth (as recommended), there was hardly any noticeable difference. I do some bodybuilding so strength of pressure application is not the problem! There are better products out there but I don't know if I'm allowed to mention a competitor's name lest someone think I work for them (I don't)--it's Novus' 3-step system!
I bought this product to reduce the micro fine scratches in a collection of plastic welding helmet eyeglass inserts, that are essentially "cheaters" for welders.I went through the routine as described on the bottle, at least 20 times over a period of two days, on my first sample.  These were nothing more than scuff scratches. After what must have been a total of one hour of work of buffing (with an old flannel shirt) on this same piece of plastic, I will say that there was about a 25% improvement, at the most.  The scratches are still there and quite visible.Now, each of these eyeglass inserts goes for about $5 on Amazon.  Sooooooo, you do the math.  Was I wise to spend an hour of work on a five dollar item?  If I hired someone to do it for me, I would be prosecuted for paying below the minimum wage.In retrospect, I have deteremined that there is indeed one scratch that this product will most definitely remove.  And dat be the scratch in yo wallet, bro.Ron DiGiovanniEaston, PA
This product is defiantly to strong for removing hard water spots on dark colors, cause it will scratch the paint or gel coat very fast.
this rod is heavy to handle, the  rod's "ceramic guide inserts" easily break.the rod gets stuck when put together.needless to say save your money,pay a bit extra & get a better rod like the Daiwa beefstick.you don't need any rod longer than 11 or 12 ft. I ended up returning it to amazon after a nasty cut on my hand due to ceramic guides breaking.
not happy with it , I purchase two of this rods , reach scratched so its not the best deal I done here
Leaked right from the start from around the valve on/off or the 1/8 fitting so back it goes. Looked well made and stout though !
If I could give this zero stars I would.  The product looked unfinished and had a couple of gouges in it.  Not worth the hassle of returning it so I'll just use it as is.  It is possible that the product suffered the gouges during shipping but the rest of the defects can only be attributed to poor quality control.  Don't think I'll be buying anything from TYR again.
Frame distorts, screws fall out, top lid won't lock (because frame is distorted), and the handles pop out or their attachment point.  What's not to like!
it is too hard to put together each time you need to use itnice case...however hard to get everything back in it
The tennis balls are good quality, but this is price gouging by Amazon.  I bought these balls on 2/10/14 for $2.19.  What happened in 2 1/2 weeks for the price to be tripled at $6.58/can on 3/2/14.  If you want to purchase these online go to Midwest Sports and order them for $2.99/ can or less if you buy a case.
I was surprised at how heavy this was, yaaay. I was not sure of the quality to expect but, i am pleased. It should last for ...well, for ever. Its size is just perfect to draw my hands up to my sides on rows - for reference. Connector is smooth, comes with a little bit of grease already in it/on it. Finish is pretty decent.UPDATE; reduced rating, tried using this for triceps and its unusable for any amount of weight due to the curve not being a good stop for your hands and the almost 90degree downward bend. your hands end up buckling upward, half on the straight portion and half on the 90 degree bend of the bar. Sucks for this use, and is now overpriced for being a single use(for rows only) item.
The speed loader is great, but my wife's Taurus 85 cylinder will not swing-out far enough for proper operation without hanging on the cylinder release lever.  This was listed for my wife's gun, but will not work with it, unless you get used to dropping the rounds into the cylinder at an angle.  Very klutzy operation.  Useless, really.
I own a S&W 642 J frame. This speed loader fails to do its job.  While the literature states that it fits my weapon, this is entirely false.  I have the factory stock grips on the weapon, and the speed loader gets jammed against the grips.  It is anything but a speedy load.  In fact, it will get you dead.  I have unfortunately found that the fiddling with this speed loader to extract it after loading takes substantially longer than simply loading in five shells into the cylinder by hand.  I am trying out some Bianchi Speed Strips (also sold here on Amazon) and will rate those soon. But in the meantime, do not expect this speed loader to work with the 642 or any other J frame.  It will not, and if you take your safety and that of your family seriously, please do not purchase this product.
Asked for HKS 10-A but the one that was displayed was the HKS 36-A.HKS 10-A fits S&W; 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, 19, 64, 65, 66, 67, Dan Wesson, Carter Arms*,Taurus 65, 66, 80, 82, Rossi**HKS 36-A fits S&W; 36, 37, 38, 40, 42, 49, 60, 640 Charter Arms*, 342, 342PDTaurus 85, 605, Rossi** 68,Ruger SP101Note to Amazon:HKS makes at least 7 different speedloaders for .357 Magnum.  Do not attempt to use a loader with a revolver for which it was not intended.
Even though this states it works on Taurus Model 85, the cylinder really does not swing out enough for this to be useful. I can load manually much faster. Also, I found the mechanism that locks the rounds in place is hard to use and awkward. For 5 round cylinders, I say you are better manually loading.
First off this review is just about the loader, not the supplier. THIS THING WILL NOT FIT THE COLT 38 DET SPECIAL. It is too big to get lined up with the cylinder  because it is agenst the frame of the gun. It will only allow the tips of 4 out of six of the bullets to be placed in the cylinder then you have to relice the bullets and guide them in the rest of the way after you move the speed loader out of the way. DON'T BUY IT FOR THIS GUN.
eCop never even sent the items and had the nerve to have me start the process through 'UPS' for the lost items that they never sent! I won't lie for them or anyone else, the nerve! I contacted them as soon as I got the delivery but only one item was in their very large shipping box. After a few months they wrote me to say they can't and won't start the paperwork with UPS because it would be harder for me to get a refund from UPS using a 'lost' shipping item. They never sent the item and they want me to lie to UPS shipping for them! I won't lie for anybody. I really hate being ripped off, but I'll give the 10+ for the name 'eCop' it kinda sounds like an honest little ma & pa shop. What a load of Bull....I still can't believe they wanted me to lie to UPS and Amazon for them. Again I want anyone who might want to buy from them BEWARE of a scam and don't spend much on any item you want, instead of that just roll up the money and burn it over the stove.
I have another speedloader case bought from MidwayUSA and the quality difference was vast but the price was not. Very cheaply made out of substandard material. I'll never buy another one, that's for sure. I'd rather take my chances on carrying my speedloaders in my pocket than wear something this trashy on my belt.
Will NOT fit the XDS 9mm single stack.  You would think that the sellers would have known this, especially since it is a very popular modelversus something old and obscure.  I would suggest that they simply post a picture of the back of the packaging, it shows which magazines each model made by HKS will accommodate.
Read the application guide close...very close.  There are very few magazines that this will fit.  I have a few that were listed on the guide, but as of yet it's nothing more than a piece of plastic without a purpose taking up space in a junk drawer.
Purchased this for my wifes 380 and she has used it a few times to try to get used to it but essentially it has proved worthless.
My gym has a few of these jump ropes with the plastic tube sections on a rope. This is a cheap knockoff, not the quality of the other jump ropes that I've used. I'm disappointed in it, sending it back. Sigh....
Case was mislead because the picture does not show the clips. The case so far has no technical problems, it is however just not what I expected. It's small, but cheaply made, the clip mechanism is a snap-like action with no folds, so it reminds me of how ammo cases are folded. The package also took long to arrive. The case is overpriced for the quality, but nonetheless it hasn't broke down yetEDIT: after a year of using this case.  I regret buying it. and should've coughed up 2 extra dollars for a much better, more durable and reliable case. this case dries up my pistol, so do not use this if you have a metal frame gun.  i hate this case and have been using it to hold my art supplies instead.
These are not my cup of tea, but it might be your's.  It just doesn't seem to do the job or the way I like to do it with cotton or flannel patches.  To me it seems too thin to do a good job.
I will no longer buy gun patches from Hoppes. The patches they sell are almost like synthetic toilet or tissue paper. They are thin, almost transparent. I prefer cotton patches, not this synthetic, or whatever material it is that Hoppes now uses. Go elsewhere and buy 100% cotton patches, not this junk.
These are very thin and rip easy. I am use to having cotton patches and I will be going back to that.
I ordered this on the 17th of April. It still hasn't arrived!!!!  Apparently, it takes OVER A WEEK to ship 1 item. Now I'm normally very patient with these things, but holy crap people. It's been 2 weeks!!!Other than that, I've used this product before. You'll need to oil or lubricate your firearm after using this but it does dry quickly and cleans well. Generally, I clean with oil, spray this stuff throughout and wipe down, then oil again. I'm fairly meticulous with cleaning my firearms though so you may not need to do this.
One almost gets the feeling this product is no different than a widely used lubricant called WD40 which is a fraction of the price.
I bought this bore snake a few days ago. Went to clean my .17 rifle and it broke the first time I tried to use it. Wasted $18 on junk.Dont waste your money on this product buy something else to clean the bore of your rifle.
I want get the easy way to clean my rifle. my it is too small for 7.62 / 303 and 308
I ended up sending this product back because it felt cheap. And I did not want this cheap thing breaking off in the barrel of my AR-15. I ended up buying a cable style cleaning kit from Otis instead. Thanks Amazon for the quick return!
I have used Boresnakes for years for my handguns and rifles, of all calibers. Except, until now, .22LR.I managed to get it about 1/4 of the way into the bore, but it wouldn't budge any further. The nylon leader began to break, so I 'backed it out' and took it back to the vendor (not Amazon.com).You might have a different experience in .22LR, but this was just a tight squeeze, and I'll stick with the cleaning rod, pull through, jag and patches.In other calibers these work fine, but they should be thoroughly washed with every use, or else you're just dragging old junk through the barrel again.
been using bore snakes ever since they were invented. bought this one to replace my 30 cal that was worn completely out. this snake is LOOSE in the bore and will not clean. my worn out snake cleans a lot better.
Not happy with the product, going back to HKS. And Amazon needs to fix this min. word thing, it's annoying !
Subject line says it all. I would not buy this again. It smells really bad. It's probably a good solvent, but...
Does NOT fit my AR -  very made of very very cheap material.  Buy a 30-50 dollar sling if you want one that works well.
I wanted a paddle holster, the description even says, rubberized paddle, I got a belt holster, it doesn't even look like the one in the picture. The belt loops are too small for any belt I own so I can't even use it if I wanted to.
simply didn't fit. i could jam it in then barley rip it out so i tried to &#34;break it in&#34; yea that wasn't happening
This is a real piece of crap. First it does not fit my L frame revolver. It is made of two pieces of thin cheap plastic, riveted together, with no tension adjustment. The paddle is very small with a piece of red rubber glued to your skin side for extra discomfort. I want my money back.
I like generally like Galco but this one didn't do much for me. I've pretty much bought every IWB holster out there and I finally found one I like....needless to say this one isn't it. Not even close. Check out n82tactical.com. Best IWB ever. Seriously. Hands down. No contest. Thank me later.
I ordered this thinking it would hold my 12 ga 3&#34; shells.  The loops are not big enough to hold 12 ga shells.  They will hold my Winchester 30 30 rounds, but I didn't order this belt to hold bullets.  Don't order this if you are thinking about a belt for shotgun shells.  It may hold 410 shell though.
You would think that something this simple would be without difficulties.  Not so.  I bought two and both required major modifications to the buckle before I could even get them open.  If you have another choice, take it.
This is about the worse made sling that I've ever owned. As soon as I bought it, and put it on my gun, it broke. If you want something that will last, look elsewhere.
This thing will not fit on any gun....the shoulder padding is unmoveable and comes nowhere near your shoulder when put on the gun.....I got a refund on this and they didnt even make me return it...I threw it in the trash and got my money back.....This is the only item I have ever ordered from Amazon that I was disgusted with.....it is truly a POS
Bought this from Midway USA about a year ago.  Before purchasing, I checked and double checked that this would work with my magazines.  Upon receiving it, I noticed the mags were very tight and would almost pull the entire pouch off my belt when I was finally able to remove the mags.  Not good.  I thought if I left 2 spare mags in it for a while it would loosen up...nope.  I also tried a little Rem oil on the mags; it helped but not enough.  I also tried sanding the inside the pouches; didn't help.After I tried it again this past weekend.  I got frustrated and contacted Fobus through their website.  Steve Palinkas (Customer Service Manager) quickly replied and asked me to call him and included a phone number.  I tried about 6-8 times and every call went directly to voicemail.  I finally asked him to call me using the number I included upon first contact.  He called the next day and asked if I was using metal or polymer/plastic mags.  I told him plastic (polymer).  His reply was "it dos not work with the plastic (polymer) magazines; only the metal ones."  He said H&K; does not manufacture the plastic mags anymore; which I do not believe is true and I have never even seen a metal mag for a USP (not saying they don't exist but I believe the polymer mags are the most common).  I said that was odd since when I purchased my weapon over 12 years ago, it came with two plastic (polymer) mags and when I purchased the Fobus 6900 I also bought 2 new plastic (polymer) H&K; OEM mags.  I also explained to him that their own website does not state anything about whether they would for plastic (polymer) or metal mags.  He said I would need to contact the seller to try to get a refund.  He didn't even offer to do anything at all like exchange it for a new one.  I find it extremely disappointing that Fobus has the same terrible customer service as Uncle Mike's.  I will never even look at or consider a Fobus product ever again.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Cheap price = cheap quality.  If you need a magazine pouch (especially for a H&K; USP) I would look somewhere else like Raven Concealment or one with a tension screw.
Product says the Pro's love this stuff but with the little cotton fibers coming loose all the time, (remember this stuff is made from cut up underwear) and leaving tiny little cotton pieces all over the floor, inside and outside all over my guns ain't a good thing to me.Maybe they can be used for something but I don't recommend using as gun patches especially when used when used with cleaning fluid or oil as the fluid just makes it order to pick up all those little almost microscopic pieces of cotton.
Bought it for my Browning 30-06. It matches the wood quite nicely and is very comfortable to carry.  Looks really high dollar and is of great quality. I wish it was cheaper but it is a good buy for the price.Update: Changing it to one stars because the sling scratched the wood on my gun. There is a metal button at the end that you need to watch because it does have a sharp edge.
Cheap paper, you'll tear it trying to get it out of the package.  The package that it comes in,  is 10 times the quality of thepaper the target is made from.  A tip for you friends:  pay 5.00 for a bale of straw, spray paint circles on the straw bale ofyour choice of colors, then you'll have a quality target that will last all summer.  In the winter cover it with a large plasticleaf bag, and put it in the shed for next summer.  Take heed to my message to you, I give you true and factual info. Thisis a fact, it is a s*** item.....
I bought this for my son cause the price seemed reasonable, but when I got it, it was really small. Not true to size at all. My son has 2 other karate uniforms size 000, and this one seemed to be made for a 2 year old, not 50 lbs! I gave it to a friend who has a tiny 4 yr old.
this item was very small- I purchased it for a back up for karate class.  It is the same size as the label of the one my son uses but it is much smaller-  tried to exchange for next size without a response.  Will just give it to the school to use for thier smaller kids
First of all the shipping cost will either be higher then the item or same price. I think thats why they have it at a cheap price to makeup the cost. The problem is, the 7 plus dollars you pay is way to much.. Same item you can get at the dollar store.. Hope this helps
Not good at all, I thought the whole of it was rubber, but no, it was cheap plastic that was already cracked. Buy something else!
Unfortunately this product has made me use my least favorite expression &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.There is little to no seal, and the hose doesn't stay connect to the pump.It will literally shoot off after a few depressions of the plunger.Pumping up a single car tire was a full 20 minute ordeal after which my triceps were fully exhausted.
INITIAL REVIEW UPON PURCHASING:I purchased this hand pump for inflating my bike tires.  I am only an occasional biker, so I use it every month or two.  Thus far, I have been very pleased with its performance.  It's easy to pump and makes quick work of my bike tires.  Those interested in getting perfectly optimized pressure will need a separate pressure gauge, as one is not included with this pump.TWO MONTH UPDATE:I've owned the bike pump for two months and used it exactly twice. Yesterday, when I attempted to pump up my tires, the entire thing broke in two.  I guess inexpensive really does mean cheap in this case.  I'll be searching for a better quality pump in the future.
First, I wear a women's 8 1/2 and bought the size 39 ... Wow ... so when I first put them on I thought  &#34; maybe too small ? no, there is room ... wait, now they feel too big ? &#34; yea, I don't even know how that's possible ... they were wide and provided NO support ... I wore them to Tae Kwon Do once (took them off after 10 min)  and to Krav Maga (took them off after 10 min) once thinking maybe they just aren't good for lots of kicking, but it just made everything more difficult.  Being barefoot and risking getting stepped on repeatedly is better than wearing these shoes.  Yes, they are a great price, but not usable so that does not matter.  Hopefully other people had a better experience.
Utterly rubbish. Poor sparks, Mg shaving don't burn too. Waste of money. Spend a bit more money and get something else.
Worst Magazine Loader I Have eve used. When my department used revolvers the ZHKS speed loader was a good product and worked well. Gut when they came out with this monster it was hit and miss. The unit was very hard to operate and the shorter 9mm, .40 magazines would slip out of the grove on the unit designed to hold any size magazine in place. The unit cause fumbleitis  with over and over again especially on the short magazines. My partner has a Glock 19 and I had a Glock 27.We both bought the Uplula from Amazon and instant improvement and loading any of our magazines. It is a few dollare more that the Hks but well worth it because you can count on it to work. I have used mine wile under strett reload and it did not miss a beat. Magazine filled in no time with every round.
Dont expect all of the items shown in the picture. All that I received is the slotted cleaning red shown at the bottom of the picture. That item is acceptable and will fullfil the intended purpose.  I mean, whats the purpose of showing the other two items?
I attached this to my cleaning rod and put a patch through it.  Just as I started to turn a solvent sprayed patch through my bore, the threads broke off and almost left me with a useless cleaning rod.I was able to successfully remove the broken thread piece and salvage my cleaning rod but this plactic clotted end is terrible.
wanted to use it on my Icon Variant, did not fit, the strap is too thick for the supplied plastic clip, besides the little button on the strap would make it impossible to go through the supplied plastic clip even if the size was wide enough, same scenario for my Arai. I'll be dammed if I attempted to modify my helmets to fit this flimsy clip because it does not strike me as being made of strong material.
I purchased these for about $6.61 each after looking and being unable to find them at a few stores in my area. Well, after ordering them I found the exact same ones at the dollar store for, well, a dollar. So I paid just under $20 for what is really worth 3 bucks. I was uninformed about the value of these but the fact that someone would sell them for that much more makes me feel I've been ripped off. I wouldn't trust a seller who has such a high markup on something. They may have gotten my money this time but I will never again purchase anything from them. In fact, as an Amazin seller, I may just purchase the entire stick of these from the dollar store and resell them on Amazon just to undercut these people.
I bought this for my wetsuits thinking ti would reduce the order, but no chance. Dawn dish soap works better and for a fraction of the price.
No offense to this mat, as I have only found one that works for me (Lululemon black pro mat, $100). I've tried this and the pro-lite, and neither kept me from slipping, even after the salt rub down. I waited too long hoping I could 'break it in' as directed, and was no longer able to return, so I had to give a $70+ mat away.My form is good, but I'm just too much of a sweater, the grips and light texture do nothing for me.
Item arrived in fine order.  First use was too slippery.  Had to stop after 5 minutes.  Did the wash and dry as recommended.  Second use was almost as bad.  Did the wash and dry a second time.  Third use was still slippery, could not hold any pose.  This mat may get better after 6 months of use but for this price, I'm not giving it the time.  This mat should come ready to use without asking the customer to wait till it might get better.
I've been doing yoga for so many years I've lost count.  I've had all sorts of mats and they do what they should: function and allow me to not even think about the mat.I got this one as a Christmas gift and tried it today for the first time.  I may as well have taken a piece of ice with me to yoga class. And its not like I sweat profusely or anything.  Within the first 10 minutes, I couldn't hold a warrior pose cause my front legs would slip forward and back legs would slip backwards.  On the upside, I could do the splits on this mat when normally, I can't.  I couldn't do a downward dog because I would end up flat on my stomach since my hand and legs continuously slipped away from each other.  My teacher was wondering why I was spending all my time flat on my face.  Frankly, I was too.It was so bad that after about 30 minutes of doing gymnastics moves I never knew I could do, I borrowed a mat from the studio and finished my practice on the borrowed mat with absolutely no problems.I HATE this thing.  The only reason I haven't thrown it out yet is that my yoga instructor told me to give it a few more tries as it is supposed to become less slippery with time.  I'm willing to give it one or two more tries especially given the outrageous price, but so far I HATE it!!!
I expected the neck warmer to be shaped in a way which would provide adequate protection in the back of the neck and less bunching in the front.  It felt like I was being choked.
I bought & will be returing  back to amazon  since it's very flimsy. Also, dangerous to open & close the scissors.
bought this bell thinking it was for adult bicycles. It wasn't until I was on the Autobahn with car traffic going over 100 mph that I found out how wrong I was. It turns out, this "bell" is for a tricycle for 2 year olds.
I bought this bell thinking it was for adult bicycles.  It wasn't until I was on the Autobahn with car traffic going over 100 mph that I found out how wrong I was.  It turns out, this "bell" is for a tricycle for 2 year olds.
The picture for this item makes it look like it is chalk balls and not loose chalk. This conflicts with the item title. I was hoping to get chalk balls but ended up getting loose chalk, unfortunately.
I bought several of these rings and installed them without problems UNTIL the other day.  I was mounting one lower ring on my Savage 93 bolt gun until it tightend up (the screw did) but noticed the lower ring still was loose. The other lower ring didn't have that problem and tightend up properly.  I switched off the problem lower ring with another one (same type) and it did tighten properly.Being curious, I bought a different set of rings (Leupold Rifleman series) from a local gun shop and tried them.  Everything worked fine and I noticed that the Leupold rings were beefy compared to the wimpy Weaver ones.  The small clip that tightens the ring to the rail is thin on the Weaver and heavy duty on the Leopolds.  Hmmmm.... Well I ditched all the Weaver ones and changed everything over to the Leupolds.  I hear horror stories about bad scopes, inaccurate barrels, my gun not shooting consistantly straight, ect, and most of the time it's a bad scope mount or improperly mounted scope.  I can't trust these rings at all.Look at the picture of these rings and notice the thin rectangular piece of metal underneath the tighting screw.  Then compare it to a Leupold "Rifleman series" ring and tell me which one do you want on your gun.Price difference is twice for the Leupold but $18.00 for the good one vs $9.00 for the cheap one shouldn't be a show stopper. Weaver does make higher end mounts but this line is marginal at best.
Bought this level on a whim.  After installing I found that the level is not installed properly in the mount and will not show true level.  This item is not worth the money spent on it.
The screw is too long, zero visibility even in daylight conditions.Rip off. Even if it the screw wasn't too long, the visibility itself is no better than a bead sight. Garbage.
Waste of money. I bought this bulb and it was defective. Contacted seller and they send a second one which was also defective. They tried to say my flashlight was defective. I explained I had alligator clips to the spring and post and the guy said the switch on my flashlight was bad.  If your thinking about buying these, go to a brick and mortar store with the flashlight and don't leave until it works.
The P60 Lamp Reflector Assembly by SureFire is an incandescent bulb that serves no useful purpose in today's flashlight market considering that you can upgrade to an LED light that will last significantly longer, is much more durable, and is up to seven times brighter than this bulb. If you use your flashlight for work and need a reliable light then stay away from this bulb as it can easily be broken.Pros: NONECons:- Poor durability. Drop your flashlight once and this bulb has a good change of breaking.- Poor bulb life. You will end up spending less money if you upgrade to an LED light which will last for the remaining life of your flashlight. The initial cost of an LED will be more but will pay off in the long run.- Poor Lumen output at 65 lumens. You can buy an LED upgrade for a 450 lumen replacement such as Flashlight Bulb LED Upgrade - 450+ lumens - CREE R5 Single Mode Drop-in - P60 design: Surefire, Hugsby, Etc.- This bulb gives off a dull off white color while an LED will provide you with a bright white light.Overall, I do not recommend this bulb and would highly recommend an upgrade to an LED light which will serve you better on every level. This is especially true if you use this light for work such as the military, law enforcement, fire service, EMS, or first responder.
Cheap Leather. Not on par with other Safariland Products.The leather isn't smooth and with the velcro having to both hold the holster on the belt and keep it closed it only works with larger mags (Glock 22); I had difficulty closing the holster around a (Glock 23); and it was impossibly to close in a (Glock 27) even with a +2 Extension.
I bought this knowing that it will fit my surefire light, It does fit well; the only and very serious problem is that the metal part inside will scratch your light every time you take your light out. I only placed my light there twice and I regret it big time. Unless mine was defective (which I think so) but either way, save your money and go for a cheaper one, definetly not worth the money.
Got a new Surfire light for my birthday and was planning on purchasing a SF nylon holster but decided to go for this one instead, BIG mistake!! Overpriced, very uncomfortable and the retention clip broke after using it a few times, not to mention the big scratches left on my new SF 6P, terrible design, save your money and go for something well made, something that will last longer and won't ruin your light. Surefire needs to realize they're no longer the only companies making flashlights and accessories, there are others out there making long lasting and better products at more affordable prices...... That's not just my opinion, it's a fact!!
Forget it...useless item...not at all on a par with the Balistol products...it really did nothing useful I can see, and if you really want some...I have half a dozen spray cans that I will not ever use. To be subtle(???), do not waste your money on this junk!
I used 5 cubes and it didn't  couldn't even make 8 ounces of water boil.  I would not rely on this as a main mode of boiling or cooking.  Don't waste your time.
Being that this is a 3M product, I was expecting better quality. Had I been at a store and physically handled this product or was able to try it out, I would not have purchased them. The cups are shallow and do not muffle sounds well, if you have larger ear lobes don't bother with these. The sound amplification is weak, not much over what you would hear without them. So if you want sound amplifying ear muffs, these are not the best for that purpose. Replacing batteries is difficult and I nearly ruined the speakers trying to take the cup pads off, batteries go inside both ear cups behind the foam. A more detailed description would have helped to make an informed decision... The behind the head tension band works great, so I pulled it off and put it on my Howard Leight ear muffs.
Mirror is too small and hence can't really see much behind. Also, mirror snaps off too easily during adjustments.
The mirror attaches to the arm by a small ball joint, which is very loose. It was stiff enough to hold the mirror steady while riding, but it was loose enough to very easily pop right out of the socket when lightly bumped with a hand while wiping my brow. It popped out several times, and each time, I was lucky enough to find the mirror part on the ground and pop it back in, until this morning. I have no idea where the mirror went to when it popped out, and now I'm left with a useless $20 plastic arm attached to my helmet. Very poor design. I wish I had read the bad reviews before purchasing this.
Bought this from my local LBS for a longer ride this weekend. I spent more time trying to adjust it than I did enjoying the ride. When I removed my helmet to stop for water, it was readjustment time again. I'm not even going to try and return it since I threw the packaging away. I'll just consider it a $23 donation to my LBS.
I've tried all the glasses I have (which is about a million) and I can't get a decent enough image that I'm comfortable in traffic.  It stays very well (I couldn't get the goo off the first though third pair I tried this on, then it got less sticky and came off the rest fine).  It is super adjustable.  It even seems well made.  It just doesn't provide what I'm looking for.  Also, wasn't too happy that mine came with zero instructions on how to &#34;install&#34; it.  I wasn't sure where on the lens to place it or anything, which arguably might be part of the problem.  I finally found a video somewhere online that gave me an idea, but either way, it's not going to work for me.
This only works on large glasses, such as aviators, or maybe larger.Anything small or snug to your face won't leave enough room.If you can see someone behind you with a flashlight,then you could use this in the same spot on your glasses.
My sunglasses look exactly like the one in the picture, but no matter where I place the mirror, I can't see a thing. This may work for some glasses that's really far from the face, but it won't work for most cycling glasses. I returned it.
spent way too much time trying to put this is the magic spot so that I could see. anyway its garbage to me.
My product doesn't glue well. The outer plastic got off after a slight rain. Hope this kind of thing won't happen on the other of you guys
This is a cheaply made helmet that doesn't fit properly, especially if you have a somewhat larger sized head. Even though this is sold at a low price it's not worth it because of the lack of comfort. I is totally worth it to spend just a little more and get something better!
This fell apart in less than one week. The outer plastic shell came off without any misuse at all. It just fell off even though there were no falls with it and the helmet was not mistreated. What a waste of money!
Every day I look at the dust on this ball and wish for my wife's hundred dollars back.  She barely used it one time.  I would use it for ab work except I find it very uncomfortable.
By labeling this a spotting scope this will get a review as such. This is a horrible piece of junk. You can not see bullet holes with this beyond 30-40 yards with much clarity. And to be honest if a "spotting scope" that sells for around 50 bucks that cant even do that is a horrible piece of junk. If u want to use this with anything but a .50cal at 50 or more yard you can forget about it. Also don't get me started on the tripod... reference my second sentence.OK now if this was say a bird watching scope this would be great. Its compact, very light, easy to acquire your target, comes with a very nice carrying case etc... But i would think in this price point you could get something way better.Note to self for the 100th time: You Buy Cheap, You get Cheap.Hope this helps someone else.
This item is CHEAPLY made. Can't use it at all with safety glasses on and the sorry excuse for a tripod it came with fell apart before we even had a chance to try it.This went into the trash unfortunately. Save your money and buy something better.
Claim: &#34;Fits most guns, with or without scopes&#34;Actual: No friggin way!! 52inches long. 4 inches wide. Does not stretch. Bought it for my Tikka T3 with scope. Length is good, the width barely fits over the rifle butt...and there is no way it will clear the scope. Used it for another rifle without scope. Just fits. Barely.Solution: If you have any kind of scoped rifle, don't buy this. Buy the &#34;Tactical&#34; version. The tactical version is stretchy and is made for the AR style. Lots of room, same brand, silicon treated. Fits perfectly on a scoped rifle. Fits my T3 and Remington 700 perfectly both with scopes.Here is the link:Allen Company Tactical Gun Sockhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0035LTXV8/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
From this product's packaging:&#34;*WARNING* This product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.&#34;Now then. I have no problem with this information, IF the information is included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.The fact is, this information is NOT included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.The packaging states, &#34;Made in the U.S.A.&#34; and &#34;The Very Best in Quality Gun Care Tools&#34;.  This is marketing gimmickry to overshadow the product's toxicity.There is no rule of chemistry or physics such that a set of brass pin punches such as this one MUST include lead.  The inclusion of lead in the product is entirely by choice of the manufacturer. Period.Had I known the product included lead, I would not have purchased it. Period.Sure, when I use tools such as these, I generally wear gloves.But the fact is, I do not want any more lead or other seriously toxic materials in my life than absolutely necessary and it is NOT necessary that this set of brass pin punches include lead and thus require the warning.My recommendation? Do not purchase this product.If you are unaware of the problems with lead exposure, I suggest you find out. Your health is at stake.
From this product's packaging:&#34;*WARNING* This product contains lead, a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.&#34;Now then. I have no problem with this information, IF the information is included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.The fact is, this information is NOT included in the description of the product on Amazon.com.There is no rule of chemistry or physics such that a brass hammer such as this one MUST include lead.  The inclusion of lead in the product is entirely by choice of the manufacturer. Period.Had I known the product included lead, I would not have purchased it. Period.Sure, when I use tools such as this one, I generally wear gloves.But the fact is, I do not want any more lead or other seriously toxic materials in my life than absolutely necessary and it is NOT necessary that this brass hammer include lead and thus require the warning.My recommendation? Do not purchase this product.If you are unaware of the problems with lead exposure, I suggest you find out. Your health is at stake.
I have a Kimber Pro Carry II with night sights.  This holster, while typical Bianchi value, does not have a groove for the front sight.  The Meprolight front sight grabs on the holster making it unsafe in any critical situation.  Am sending it back.
This cooler looked cute so I bought it.I did a test, however, and found that ziploc bags work better to insulate and take up far less space.What you do is take a 2 gallon ziploc bag, fill it halfway with ice, then put another ziploc bag in there with your drinks, food, etc., then seal the inner ziploc then the outer ziploc.Your items will be cooler after 6 hours than they will be in the igloo.What a waste of money and space.  You can buy hundreds of ziploc bags for the price, and have it be easier to carry, reusable, lighter, etc., with stay cool longer effects.
First, let me establish my credentials for this review. I am an avid bicycle rider. I typically ride 4,000 miles a year. On my best year (2010), I pedaled over 10,000 miles. Each year, I do a major bicycle camping trip of about 700 miles. This summer, it was a loop around Lake Ontario.Before leaving on the lake trip, my friend and riding partner presented me with a Bell compass (like the one described here) that he had removed from an old bike. Because it was a gift, I felt obligated to mount the darn thing on my handlebar. I was convinced, however, that it was a gimmicky piece of junk meant for kids. I couldn't have been more wrong. That compass turned out to be one of the most useful accessories I've had on any of my trips. When we weren't sure if we were on the right road (going through Toronto, for example) it was a great comfort to know we were at least going in the right direction. Yes, on rough roads the thing jiggles around in circles, but on fairly smooth road it is spot on. Even when you don't really need it, it's fun to watch.I liked the one my friend gave me so much that I decided to order a Bell compass from amazon for my second bike. And that leads me to this review. The item I received was flopping around in the shipping box with two six pound boxes of rice that I had also ordered. The compass did not appear to be damaged, but when tested, it would stick in certain positions. It was unusable.Undaunted (well, maybe a little daunted) I went back to amazon to see what else was available. Except for the trade name, all the offerings looked as if they all came out of the same little Chinese factory. This time I chose the Electra based on a Shipping Advisory that read "This item must be shipped separately from other items in this order. Additional charges will not apply." At least this time, I thought, there wouldn't be damage from other things in the box. WRONG! The compass arrived flopping around with a heavy pair of metal crimpers and a bag of metal connectors that I had also ordered. Although there was no visible damage it didn't work any better than the Bell compass. This one didn't stick, but its internal magnet was so weak it just didn't have enough oomph to align itself to the earths magnetic field in a timely manner. It were as if the ball was floating in molasses.Whether the problem is shipping related or poor quality control during manufacturing, it's a crap shoot to get a good one. I recommend you go to a local bike shop or the bike department at Walmart or Target and pick out one that works.To amazon's credit, they have an excellent return policy. If only their packaging policy was that good.
crap compass and dull bell.pretty disappointing. not worth returning for credit.go with the old school mechanical ringer bells. this is asian junk.
This product lasts a matter of hours before requiring reactivation at 300 for 3 hours.  That can become quite costly just to keep humidity down in your safe.
I was getting ready to put these in my cart when I read that an adult has to sign to receive them because they are human shaped.  I'm supposed to take a day off work and wait for the UPS guy?  Forget that - you just lost a customer.  Its reactionary bowing to libtard nonsense that makes us weak, and I won't support this.
very flimsy design, it curls inward as you hang it making it almost impossible to shoot at. I woul not buy this product. They could have fixed this design flaw by using thicker paper to keep it from curling excessively.
I've used RCBS case lube for a while now and thought to try this as a time saver in case prep. Some say they use this without incident. Well, it didn't work out for me on my lee press.  I followed the directions, still got a couple cases stuck. I will stick with RCBS.
I wanted a slingshot to just horse around with while sitting in my shooting house waiting on Mr big.This is my first ever sling shot and I have a hard time holding it straight and aiming and an even harder time shooting what I am aiming at. The ammo rattles in the handle but who cares. Put it in you pocket.I shot at many racoons and other critters but can not hit what I am aiming at. Too me, no fun at all and a waste of money
This slingshot looks really rugged in the pictures. So, I couldn't resist. But, when I received it and inspected it, I really don't feel confident in it. Not only do I feel that it is poorly manufactured. I think it's downright unsafe. I've also tried the Marksman and Daisy wrist rockets. I would recommend either of those over this one any day.
I originally bought this knife to replace my Spyderco Kriss that I was carrying in my left pocket.  First off the thumb stud is not high enough to be usable for one handed opening, and the cut outs in the frame make it very difficult to clip to your pocket one handed.  I eventually replaced it with a Spyderco Native, I am much happier now.
I thought that this would be a handy little back up saw.  Man, was I wrong.  This is not a saw that you would want to have to cut fire wood, or saplings for a shelter.  You can cut a 2" willow with a knife faster than you can with this saw.  I can not for the life of me see why anyone would want one.  If I could give this one a ZERO star rating, I would.  Yes, it is that bad...  Total waste of money!
This maybe the sorriest folding saw on the market. The more grrber products I check out the more I think they are no longer interested in building a quality product only a  good marketing stategy. I think the saws in Walmart maybe better. comparing this saw to the corona, bahco, or silky saws this saw is last by quite a distance. save some money and purchase a Silky if you can. The difference is really embarrassing for Gerber.
First off, I want to clarify I did NOT buy this saw from Amazon. I did however get it as a birthday gift and let me tell you, this thing is a huge piece of junk. Flimsy blade, doesn't cut well, gets stuck in wood, bends extremely easy. The 5 dollar Ozark Trail Sierra Saw I bought from Walmart 5 years ago is 10x better than this one. What happened to Gerber? They used to make good quality products, now they just make cheap JUNK. Find a better saw, this one is a waste of money and went straight in the trash after a few minutes of use.
I hate this knife due to the fact that the blade handle ration flat out sucks same as the flash the blade feels to small for the handle the only reason I kept the flash is its weight is nice and it carries deep. I can't stand this so I gave it to my father since he loves smaller knives and haven't seen it on him yet he continues to carry his leek that I bought for him years ago.The action is nice when opening and has a safety on it if thats what your into.....just get the leek its a much better knife at this size and price point.
This knife intrigued me when I started looking for a spring-assisted EDC blade to replace my Kershaw Leek (Kershaw Ken Onion Leek Folding Knife with Speed Safe).  I had never owned a SOG before and thought this would be the best time to try one out.  Being at the same price point as the Leek (just above $40), I thought this would come close to the same quality and life as my Leek, but I was dead wrong...-BladeThe full flat ground (FFL) blade was what first intrigued me and brought me to this knife.  I have always enjoyed having a FFL blade and was ready to have one again.  The grind was perfect, as I expected it to be, and the knife came razor sharp in the package.  There appears to be a slight recurve in the blade in leu of a serrated section, and that was something that also excited me about this knife.Lockup was where this area fell on its face.  There was WAY too much play (side-to-side, front-to-back, and up and down) with this blade.  I have owned hundreds of knives over the years and know there is a "sweet spot" you have to find where the blade isn't too tight to deploy properly, but is tight enough to get rid of most, if not all, of the blade play.  This is not the case with this knife.  After playing around with it for several hours, I came to the conclusion that the blade is either too tight to deploy at all (not just correctly, but AT ALL) or there is too much play in ALL directions for this blade.The thumb studs on this knife are actually surprisingly useful, unlike most of the knives on the market today.  Most knives either have studs that are too small (or too close to the frame) to use to deploy the blade or they're too big to put into your pocket without risking an accidental deployment.  SOG has found an excellent medium where the thumb studs are big enough to actually be functional, yet small enough to not take away from the slimness of the knife.Deployment is sketchy.  As stated before, there is either too much blade play or the deployment doesn't work at all.  There is no in between for my knife.I have not had the knife for long enough to talk about corrosion resistance for AUS-8, and probably will not keep it long enough to find out.  I have heard that it doesn't keep an edge very long, but it is easy enough to sharpen.  All of this is hear-say since, once again, I have not put it to the test myself.-HandleThis version comes with an annodized 6061-T6 aluminum handle, but there are some with plastic scales (which I hear has even worse blade play).  It has a nice satin finish and texture, which seems a little slick in my opinion.  I can't get a great purchase on the knife, but the grip I CAN get is adequate for most EDC uses.  The finish seems tough and durable, but time will tell in that aspect.The spine lock was something that I had to get used to again.  In a market full of liner/frame locking knives, it felt alien to use a spine locking knife once again, but it was something that I was able to easily get past with a little practice.  I was even able to teach myself to safely close the knife one handed within just a few minutes.The safety on the spine release seems affective, yet flawed.  It can be used to stop an accidental deployment as well as stopping accidentally closing the knife when unintended, but it seems difficult to get to unless you use a fingernail.  It also works in a direction that, if you're putting anything into your pockets (or don't use a clip), it can be activated/deactivated accidentally.-Pocket clipThis area was the most disappointing.  I have seen and heard of knives where the pocket clip cannot be moved, only removed... and now I own one.  You can only carry this knife in a tip-up right-side position.  Your only other option is to remove the clip completely.  For the price I payed for this knife, I could have gotten any number of knives that offer at least two clip positions, and a lot of the time they offer all four positions.  I just like having the option... especially for the money.Other than that, it works like any other pocket clip should:  It rides nice and low, it isn't too tight (but I contribute that more to the slick aluminum scales), and it secures the knife to my pocket.-OverallI am feeling buyer's remorse due to the fact that I could have bought, in my opinion, a better knife (another Leek, or any number of other knives) for the same price, or less, and gotten better performance from them.  I am seriously considering taking this knife back to the store tomorrow morning and getting my money back, but we will see.The size of the knife is just about perfect for my hands and as an EDC blade.  The SAT (SOG's assisted opening) works and works really well, but only if you don't mind TONS of blade play.  It's a nice, light knife that is also slim enough to fit RIGHT into anyone's EDC routine.If it wasn't for the blade play, lack of pocket clip options, and price point I would recommend this to anyone looking for a work/EDC/utility knife.  But, as it stands right now, I would recommend just about any other knife before I recommend this one.  It's a cool looking blade, but doesn't meet my standards for functionality (at least for this price point of over $40) to be something I'd buy again, or recommend for someone else to buy.
Smith and Wesson are killing their reputation by selling items made in China. The sheath is plastic and useless for a boot knife since the entire thing comes out when pulling. It does not keep an edge very well and it's too heavy for its size. My suggestion is move on and get something better for a bit more money.
The handle is to small the sheath broke the first time I pulled it out and the blade will not hold an edge I sent it back with in hours
I've been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past 40 years, wearing all sorts of helmets. Just recently got into inline skating and bought my first ProTec helmet with the skates.Apparently, someone at ProTec forgot that (1) helmets get HOT, (2) people SWEAT, and (3) the glue holding the lining and the padding and the helmet together needs to be WATERPROOF.Any store selling these helmets needs to have their HR manager write up the irresponsible buyers who would put this piece of garbage in their inventory. Yes, it's that bad. If you buy this thing, be prepared to find some nice waterproof glue and reassemble your helmet when it starts coming apart. And it WILL come apart. Unless you're an alien with no sweat glands.
Pure garbage.Compass doesn't work at all,first time trying to grab the metal tweezers the black &#34;handle&#34;came off so looks like I'm never getting those out again. Knife seems ok but for $30. This is Far below standard. I'm returning this trash
To be honest, I didn't expect much when I ordered this, and had purchased it almost on a whim. I was surprised to find out this is even shoddier than I foresaw. The tip/handle on the toothpick broke off the first time I tried to take it out. The tweezers are about par for this kind of gadget. The compass never could decide which way was even remotely north and the magnifying lens was distorted and not even powerful enough to get a piece of char-cloth warm, much less smoking. The blade is thin (to be expected in a &#34;credit card&#34; gadget) but feels shoddy and brittle. I haven't bothered to actually use it for fear of injuring myself. The only relatively useful item in this multitool is the bottle opener, and even it is too short to be used easily. It's a cute idea, but it's not worth the money at any price.
It came broken, the compass always points the same direction on the tool, it does not point  north or anything like that.  It does not function.I never really planned to use the compass, but the fact that it is broken in a brand new product, means the product is trash.I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I bought 4 different items and they all were put in the same box. I got the other three items and batteries were not in the box. I am pretty disappointed that they were not in there and thought I got a good deal for the price and was charged for them and their shipping.
Doesn't look like Liberty Mountain has any quality control on this.  2 of the three aluminum panels were cut correctly, and one was way off.  So far off, that you can't use the holes to clip them all together for easy storage.  Come on, it's not that hard?  Stack them up and see if they are all the same, for heaven's sake.  This should have never left the store.
These are a bit small in the crotch area.  Not enough space up front and they ride up the legs.  Definitely will not purchase another pair.  Disappointing as Under Armour usually has a good clothing line.
I purchased these 24 days ago, to use for the spring Turkey season. I have been out approximately 6 times now, and have worn these gloves each time. Each glove already has holes, caused by the seams tearing. My hands fit these gloves well, so it is not a matter of forcing these gloves on or off. They are just poorly made, and I do not expect to be able to wear them for fall season.One glove has a large hole in the seam running up the side of the glove, above the size of a quarter. The other glove has two holes, each about the size of a dime, in the same location. The stitching is obviously of poor quality. It's obvious to me that the folks at Primos aren't using these themselves, or they would have already seen how much junk these are and fixed the issue.Primos has come to mean "cheap crap" to me. It's not a brand I trust, nor will buy again. This is the third Primos purchase I have been unhappy with.
I bought this item on May 22nd and I really liked it alot until I noticed that the tabs that allow the bag to be positioned higher or lower were breaking. No worries I thought and contacted the manufacturer. Here is the email I received from them regarding the 1 year warranty!-----------------------------Unfortunately, because it was purchased through Amazon.com, we have no receipt of the order.  But....  Because you still have the receipt, Amazon will be able to track your purchase and contact us for the replacement.  Please contact them and they will be able to assist you.  I apologize I wasn't able to make this an easy task.And thank you so much for the positive review on the product!We will use the feedback to continue research and development to make the product better.A******  |  Custom Servicesa*****@centurymartialarts.comphone (800) 626- |  fax (800) 400-5485[...]1000 Century Blvd.  Oklahoma City, OK  73110--------------------------------------------------------I am now contacting Amazon to assist me but this is an unbelievable return policy. Why would someone at Amazon be involved in this it is 90 days since I purchased the product far outside Amazons 30 day guarantee. I really liked the quality of this product and was wanting to purchase another one until this occurred. Very disappointed.
The Chicken Teriyaki with Rice was one of the entrees sampled recently at a camping club taste test.  Unfortunately, it ranked the lowest of all of the entrees.  Nobody liked it.It had a sweet taste with an odd, off flavor.  Both the appearance and the texture were unappealing, the flavor even less appealing.  (It looks like something your dog yakked up.)  The only thing drawn to it was the flies, which at least kept them away from more desirable dishes.  We all thought it was awful, and none of us will be willing to carry this around with us for a future meal.Pass on this one, there are much better Mountain House meals than this glop.
Watch out, this dessert has trans-fat in it.  I haven't eaten it, so can't comment on the meal itself.  I grabbed it off the shelf, thinking it sounded good, but then realized yikes, it has trans-fat.  Why do companies still use that stuff?
This product is usually very good.  However it isn't good when the expiration codes are passed by 6 months.  I haven't had this happen but it is no fun finding out the stuff you thought was good to go isn't.  Bad codes on items that have them should always be looked for before they are shipped.  I'm sure it is good when fresh but horrible when it is too old.
If you buy paintballs online, there will always be some that pop.  This runes all the paint and makes every one useless.  Never buy paintballs online.  Go to Wall-mart, Dick's or a paintball store and buy them.  Besides, these are not good paintballs anyway.
Bought this in April. Stopped working in August. Only fired about 50 rounds with laser in weapon. It is a daily carry sidearm.Positives:Looks like a good idea in the adNegativesA total pain to install.Flimsy on/off switch, easy to knock wrong wayBroke after 4 months and 50 roundsWhen you call the company, you are routed to the customer service line, and it just rings eternally.Total scam. Bad product. Bad company. Save your money.Btw, I own multiple firearms and have multiple laser sights from different companies.  This is the first one that has had any problems at all. I read all the instructions, changed batteries, etc.When you consider that a laser sight can be the difference between life and death in a firefight, this company is criminal.
As an owner of many other guns with lasers, and wasting a lot of rounds down range to sight in, this exceeded my expectations. Laser is as noted within 2" of target at 20 Yards, at 15 Yards it is spot on ! Thanks LaserMaxUpdate:After a year of use the laser turns off all the time and the front cups that hold the spring in place have have been destroyed by the recoil.
What can I say?  Laser targets at about 2" to the left 10 feet of my grouping center (yes, at 10 feet!).  Tried it once at 15 yards and was so disgusted with the fact that it almost was touching the adjacent shooters target that I swapped in the stock recoil assembly immediately!  Over a 2 feet off to the left? Whah? Factory alignment my butt.  I won't even get into the crappy stock cap switch. I even ordered a new one (and recoil spring... and frame spring), just in case that was the issue.  No difference. Wish I had a rail on my Glock 19 (2nd gen rail-less) so I could find a cheap solution.  No extra $$ to be spent on another brands expensive and potential failure. $300 wasted.  Avoid, Avoid, Avoid.  Probably wouldn't work to save my life anyway.  Better to invest in night sights.  Wow, $300. For junk.  Unreal.
Sadly, I am sending this back to Amazon. After trying it, the laser was all but useless at the range. The pulsing light is not the problem but the size of the beam is so small it provides no benefit at all. Compared to my Viridian (so crazy bright you don't even need the light) and my Sig Sauer CPL-RM (what a bargain of a laser- you can get it on Amazon) it is just pathetic. The slide lock which replaces the original has sharp edges making it VERY painful to break down the gun! The edges are sharper than the original Glock part. I know it is nice to have a gun to put in your favorite holster but pass on this one.
I got this item fast, I was highly impressed at how easy it was to install. The laser is very accurate for me and actually helped me get better at shooting. After less than a month of shooting with it I started having issues. My laser would come on even when the switch was off. Then my slide would not rest in the proper position. I attempted to contact lasermax since I was 2 days over the 30 day mark and they ignored all my emails. I attempted to call and could never get a live person on the phone. I finally gave up and contacted amazon, they are sending me a replacement but this item has such a high failure rate it will probably fail again.1. There is cheap plastic in the housing for the battery. If you shoot more than 100 rounds in a day the plastic will start to to show signs of heat damage, I believe this is what ultimately lead to the failure.2. The spring causes a lot of jamming. Glocks are very hard to jam with any type of ammo, since I installed this I've gotten at least 10 jams where I've never had a jam before.ONLY UPSIDE:Amazon is amazing! Even though I was past the 30 day mark they sent me a brand new lasermax laser for my glock and allowed me to send my damaged one back. When the new one arrives in 2 days I will take a picture to compare what the old one looked like compared to the new one after a few 100 rounds. If you're the type of person that likes to shoot, stay away from this product. For the pricetag it is very cheaply made.UPDATE 7/7/2013:So got my new lasermax and the battery arrived dead. I cannot even test it to see if it works. I am completely out of options and the only thing I can do is return it for a "partial refund". For a product that is $300+ you would think it would have better quality control. There is a ring on the front of the laser that goes into the guide rail hole at the front of the slide. This metal ring is really thin and will wear out fast. I highly suggest staying away from this product. Even if it works for you it will die within a few months of use. The thing is built like crap.Amazon informed me that they're going to give me a one time full price refund for the product given my issues I've had with the product and based on other reviews on here it just seems like this product has a high failure rate. Amazon saves me again!
I bought this for my Glock 19 after reading all the reviews on it and decided to take a chance on it. I was able to install it in less than 5 minutes but that's about as good as it got. The laser will not turn off and if you can get it to turn off by chance, the slightest movement turns it back on. For the money this cost I would expect a lot better quality. I would not recommend this item to anyone.
I purchased the laser in December, 2012.I installed the laser, the gun jammed 3 times in 100 rounds.I removed the laser, the gun fired 100 rounds, NO JAMs.I returned the product to Amazon as defective...I read all the prior reviews and HOPED Lasermax had solved the jam problems.I loved the integrated solution.But, I cannot see spending $300+ on an add-on accessory that appears to cause the gun to jam.I hope the lasermax people read these reviews, and address the problems with the item.It is physically a different spring.  The lasermax uses a round wire spring, the Glock OEM is a flat wire spring.  So it would seem logical that since the construction of the parts are different, that the spring performance might be different as well.Too bad, because it was a cool integrated solution.
Pros:  Easy install. Straight forward in use.Cons:  DO NOT USE FOR CONCEALED CARRY.  The LaserMax replacement slide lock can and does pull out by hand.  Meaning your slide could fall off, or worse, be launched off of  your lower. Laser sight does not match installed (and adjusted) sights, off substantially. Expensive. Non-adjustable. Sight changes with every movement of the guide rod.  Thankfully Amazon allowed me to return this.
you can not see your bullet holes.. lesson learned.. do not buy black! and paper too thin like others have said, flaps around. I ended up turning it around to a blank white side and put target stickers on it.. will not buy again
First time my wife tried it out she accidentally dry fired the bow!  Destroying a several hundred dollar bow is not worth the cheap price of this release.  It's too sensitive.  To use it you have to keep pressure behind the trigger making sure it doesn't open.  When you're ready to fire, move your finger and it will probably just go off on its own.  No thanks.
Used it for a couple weeks, now it does not ignite anymore.Amazon tells us to ship it to the manufacturing facility, but where the heck can you find it?Not happy... Don 't know what to do, I do think that 35 bucks is not cheap for a lighter that looks good bit does not work...
I have had 3 of these. They work great for about 2 years and then fall apart.They will repair the lighter if there is proof of a "manufacturer defect" and proof of purchase. But, you must send it to them and include a check for $20 for the repair. Bummer.
Right out of the box I could not get it to work.  I tried every configuration and adjustment.  At it best it puffs and goes out like the candle on a birthday cake. Poof.  It does make a good paper weight.
Regular lighters will simply blow out in the slightest breeze. This lighter gives a good strong flame that resembles a jet burner which is good, but watch out! if you keep the lighter on more than 3 seconds the whole unit will get too hot to handle and you will burn yourself. In addition, it runs out of fuel very quickly and also fuel will evaporate out of the unit if left for for more than a couple of weeks. So when you need it most, it will be empty.  Disposable lighters don't evaporate nearly as quickly.  What makes this lighter a poor buy, however, is the fact that it has a 2 year warranty! Only 2 years on a product that is supposed to be bombproof .  Well I bought this lighter in 2007 and after very limited use without any abuse or misuse my lighter is not working. I went through a complete troubleshooting algorithm and it still doesn't work. A call to customer service at Essential Gear informs me that if the product is out of warranty (you have to provide a receipt of purchase) it costs $25 to repair it. Most quality outdoor products out there carry lifetime warrantees that don't even require a purchase receipt. I have returned items to companies like Petzl, Victorinox, Spyderco, and SOG for hassle-free repairs or replacements years after purchase completely gratis. So lesson learned....avoid expensive products like the Windmill Delta Stormproof lighter unless they carry a lifetime warrantee.  Better yet, forget lighters altogether and use matches or a fire steel  to start your fires. They are a lot cheaper and more reliable.  Anyone out there want a $34 paperweight?
I was hesitant to order this lighter, as every refillable lighter similar in style to this that I have bought has done nothing but leak like crazy. So far this is working great though! Brought it to the river with me, stayed dry, worked every time, didn't leak. For the price, very good deal.Update: It's been about a week now, I haven't used it at all since the first weekend I got it. Now it won't light at all, unless you hold another lighter up to it. All it does is click and spit out butane. PIECE OF CRAP! It was nice for the first couple days, for the price it's not worth it!
This lighter does not contain fuel. You need to buy it separately. Smallest appropriate fuel is $11.05 on amazon prime. In case you missed that. Pretty important.
I measured everything correctly.  Set it up exactly how the instructions directed(EVEN DID IT TWICE,just to be sure). The thing came crashing down on my head after two pullups!! Called for assistance,but got none. Got rid of it already,i have a tower gym on the way. Really wanted this product to work, but to no avail.
I definitely messed up on buying this. This device is NOT padded where it goes over the door frame, and therefore, it will dent or scratch the door frame with every pull-up. I bought it to take it with me overseas, and will not have time to return it. Instead, I have to tie around it two thick wool socks, so as not to damage my bedroom door.Since then, I have seen similar brands for this device that run for $18 at TJ Max or Big 5 and they seem to be better designed to protect your door frame. Avoid this brand.
Including shipping, these are over $10 for 10, or about a dollar a piece. For a fraction of this amount, you can go and get a bag of cotton balls and a jar of vaseline, coat each cotton ball with a dab of vaseline, and using an old empty pill bottle, sans label, you can have your very own backpack 'fire kindling' kit...for about $0.02 each. In the end, that's really all these are, anyhow...cotton plugs with an igniter on them.  Beeswax will also work with the cotton balls...just don't be ripped off with a 'pre-made' gimmick.
Although these &#34;Instant Fire&#34; starter aids have become popular over the years, there is no need to buy them. All that is needed for the perfect micro sized fire starter kit is to pack some cotton balls in a small Aspirin bottle. In my field kit, I also have two tubes of squeeze type lip balm. I keep my cotton balls sealed up and only apply the lip balm to a small piece of one as needed. This eliminates the mess from otherwise storing pre-soaked cotton balls.By the way, two tubes of lip balm is enough to start a year's worth of fires! You don't need a lot. A spot the size of a thumb tack's head is all you need. And with any good survival system, having more then one way to start a fire is a must. So I carry three different ways to start a fire at all times.Final thought on the matter...... In a real pinch, you can take one of those cheap plastic lighters, smash it open and apply the lighter fluid to your tender of choice. I make a habit of collecting several of them I find tossed on the ground everywhere. People throw them away because the flint is depleted. What they are throwing away is containerized emergency fuel! The same works with regard to the flints in these tossed away lighters.... if there is no fuel in a discarded lighter I still go ahead and harvest it for the flints! These get tucked away in my field packs and daily carry bag too....Note: There is never a need to burn a whole cotton ball to start your fire. Tear one in half.
save your money buy a bag of cotton balls they are cheaper and light just as easily and argumentatively more so.  I use them both it took 3 flint strikes to light these 1 for cotton balls.
I got to use this 4 times and the stitching on the shoulder strap came apart. Not to good for supossingly being a rugged back pack. I don't recommend this even for a book bag. High dollar for lousy workmanship. I would not advise this one.
No good! The straps do not like to hold, its not logical to use for anything more then holding clothes in. I wish it had had been better.

I really wanted these arrows, but after ive shot these, and then the really nice steel feathered arrows, in the long run it is $10 more to get 6 of those for $40, while 6 of these would be $30, the plastic fins scrape the top of your hand and mess up the flight path, but i got 6 real nice steel, feathered arrows at my local archery place for $40, (btw 6 is the normal number of arrows in target archery) I'm sorry to say, these aroows are useless, two of the tips dented and one broke from shooting at a cardboard bow w/ styrofoam in it yes it BROKE THE TIP! the tip (width wise) is larger than the shaft, resulting in it getting stuck.
If you understand archery at all, you know the arrow has to flex around the bow's riser to shoot straight.  If an arrow is too stiff for the amount of energy the string puts into the nock-end, it will fly off with the arrow yawed at an angle away from side of the bow from which it was shot.  If it's too flexible, the bow string's force will warp the arrow around the riser too much and the arrow will fly away yawed toward the side of the bow from which it was shot.The arrows stiffness must match the bow's force.  The bow's force is determined by the limbs, and how far the string is being drawn.  Youth bows usually have less force in the limbs, and the draw lengths from youth archers are usually short too, which means relatively little force is put into the nock end of the arrow.  Therefore the arrow should be relatively flexible to shoot well.An arrow's stiffness is determined by it's &#34;spine&#34; characteristics, it's length, and any weight in the point, the inertia of which helps to flex the arrow shaft upon release.  These arrows at 24&#34; are short -- and the shorter the stiffer.  You'd have to shoot a really powerful bow to flex these short shafts enough.  Yet a lot of buyers will think to get the short arrows for the smallest archer's and their bows.  The arrows also have very light weight sheet metal points.  They should have heavier metal points to help flex the shaft for bows of low draw weight and archers with short draw lengths.These fiberglass arrows are no where near as flexible as 1/4&#34; or 5/16&#34; cedar arrows of the same length.  Get those instead.  If you do by these fiberglass ones, at least get the more flexible 30&#34; version and do a bareshaft test.  You can cut them down based on your test results using heavier points.
shirt does not breathe.  also the arm lengths are too long. shirt does not feel like real cotton but the tag says 100% cotton.  do not buy this shirt from this company. I've bought baseball shirts before that were much better. again, don't buy this company's shirts.
Be aware and beware that most of these shirts are not tag-less as advertised, and are flimsy and cheap. I do not believe they are from Hanes or Fruit of the Loom. I believe they are Chinese knockoffs. Avoid this seller at all costs.
these shirts advertised as being preshrunk. however, these shirts shrink!!!!  i bought several shirts and all of them, after 1 washing, shrank.  false and misleading advertising.  won't buy these shirts again and you shouldn't buy at all!!!!!
I bought 5 of these ropes for my friends and myself and within a week of normal use the cord literally broke on ALL OF THEM!! We thought this was outrageous and so not expected from everlast products, but come to think of it, I've purchased everlast handwraps and the thumb strap and the hook n loop closure are poorly sewn so they come off easily making them useless. You would think that a brand that specializes on boxing gear would be your best bet but it is NOT!I cannot begin to express my frustration, I mean, I would totally understand if it was 1 out of 5, but 5 OUT OF 5 IN A WEEK?? This is just a rip off. I can't return them since I'm in south america, but based on my experience, I figure that if this company can't even make a simple jump rope that works properly, I'm not even gonna try the gloves, shoes or anything else from Everlast.
Because of the way the rope is attached to the handles, continuous spinning wears it down very quickly. While I was jumping, one side of the cord snapped and almost hit someone at the gym. Buy this only if you're trying out jump rope for the first time. If you like it, invest on a better one in the future (such as Buddy Lee's for $30).
I bought these thinking were good because they had the best/most reviews.  The aluminum chunks (not just the red anodizing) sheer off on the extractor groove, and the lip of the case to bullet contour after just a little bit of use.  It's very cheap anodizing, and equally poor aluminum. Go with the red/orange Tipton snap caps with the visible spring loading, and the brass extractor grooves. Not these.Also do a Youtube video of  "SNAP CAPS : best & worst"
These fake practice bullets don't fit the 9mm blank firing guns they're suppose to its a waste of money don't bother
The carp anodizing is a joke on these. Don't buy! Get the plastic ones, or the ones that use real casings. The red color flakes off and gets into your gun. Stay away. Buy the good ones.
Aluminum breaks apart when cycling in the gun.The soft plastic "primer" is worthless after only a few dry fires.At the best, these are only good for teaching people how to load a magazine. I would not recommend cycling these or using them for dry fire.Google "snap caps best and worst" for YouTube video. It accurately reviews these.
I really feel cheated by purchasing this product. It has no silicone!!! Almost Dry!! This is suppose to be a wet silicone applicator!!! Do not buy this product...Buy Hoppe for less money and true product.
BOUGHT TWO CLOTHS, AND BOTH WERE COMPLETELY DRY, AND CONTAINING NO SILICONE. ABSOLUTELY THE WORST SILICONE CLOTHS I'VE EVER PURCHASED. DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS BRAND!
I purchased this model new in the box factory sealed. It looked fine except the front sight was not straight up and down.  Upon firing the accuracy was very poor.  No amount of sight adjustment would correct the problem.  I sent it to the mfr. who replaced it with another gun. This one's finish was a mess, serial no. illegible and the front sight...also bent!  Someone at the factory had tried to bend it straight but ended up making it into the shape of an "S".  The rear sight was bent way off to one side as well.  Perhaps an attempt to sight it in.  Totally unacceptable.  I am hoping that the mfr. will correct this for me.  I have been a loyal customer of Crosman for years but they are apparently really going downhill.  Sad, another USA company going down the tubes for such a simple thing...poor quality control. No good reason for it. This pistol is not worth one-fourth the price it lists for. Will update if I get relief.  Until then, BEWARE. Also, I made the mistake of not getting this via Amazon, who would have easily saw to the replacement or refund.UPDATE Dec. 2008:  Mfr. very cavalier concerning the matter.  At this point it will cost more in time/postage for me to return it again, possibly to only get a worse sample the third time around.  I'm done with Crosman.
I purchased this scope along with theAim Sports M44/Mosin Nagant 91/30 Scope Mount (Short)and aAccuShot Premium 1-Inch Weaver Style See-Thru Medium Profile Rings.The scope is just the right length for my rifle. It sticks out far enough that it's no problem sighting it in, but in far enough that it's no trouble cycleing the bolt.It also works well for my S&W; m&p; 15-22.UPDATED 1/6/2014:After several trips to the range, this scope would no longer hold center. I was shooting at a target 50 feet away and the POI were about 6" appart, and not grouped at all.This scope was being used on a .22, so high recoil is not the problem.Also, this scope was not dropped, or abused in any way; I also don't think it was damaged in shipping.I'm going to try to return this, because I think this scope was a lemon.I will update when I get to try the replacement.
this is the second oil I have bought for pellet guns and when received it says not for break barrell only pump rifles. it will collect dust until I find a screw that needs some oil
THIS PRODUCT might be okay if I GOT IT! COMPLAINT SENT NO REPLY X TWO! CAN I GET SOMEONE TO LISTEN?
When I used all my original Gamo Magnum pellets and needed more I went local and bought these because they were available.  Simply put, these things just don't perform the same as the Gamo pellets.  With the Gamo, it was one shot, one kill.  With the Crosman, two and even three shots to do the job.  It's wasteful and inhumane.  Used both brands on woodchucks, rabbits, and squirrels.  I use a Gamo Shadow 1000 if it makes any difference, but my recommendation is to take pass on the Crosman.  It's time to order again and it's going to be Gamo.
Seemed like a great deal, great price, and a good brand reputation, but when my son opened it on Christmas, the gun had been assembled minus some rather critical parts (the pump tube was visibly empty--just a rod and nothing else). Either they shipped me a non-functional display model or Remington/Crosman has some poor QA. Sent it back for a refund and now have to look for another present. Tends to kill the mood. At least Amazon is good on returns (and thank you to customer service).
I would not ever recomend this to anybody I had it for 3 days and used 2 C02 cartriges then it started to get cold and the chamber split in 8 diffrent pieces
Way too small. Only good for air soft or pellet gun. Anything bigger than airsoft will break the plastic holder on any impact other than dead center.
This is not the item that i expected. I expected standard size clays because this was offered with a clay target shooter
I was disappointed in this product. The matching ankle holster was well made and well padded. The calf strap has no padding and the edges where the Velcro is sewn in is very sharp. Every time I crouched, the sharp edges dug into my calf. The only way I can see using this product is to pad it with something like the cut off top of a tube sock and positioning it under the strap. I do not recommend this product.
I'm ready to buy two of those (I cancelled my order the other night) because it says both things: SIX (6) shot and good for SP-101 which is a FIVE (5) shot.So if anyone knows: Which speedloader (Name and model) is good for my Ruger SP-101 (5-shot, .38 Special), I would appreciate it!Thank you!!I gave it ONE star because the presentation is so poor and messy!BTW I went to the HKS web page (poor excuse for a web page)The list it ALSO as: HKS Revolver Speedloader for Ruger SP101/Taurus 73, 74, 731, 741/S&W; J-Frame Size 6 Shot6 shots??? Do those people want to sell their product?No place in that web page for a comment or question about their product...poor excuse for a web page!
I placed this order by mistake.  I needed the government model grips instead so I had to return them and order the right ones.
First, what I received is not at all what appears in the picture. It is way smaller than the picture and the butt is round, not square. I'm having a lot of difficulties to make it fit, not easy at all.
although I haven't tested this grip yet, overall I can't see how it could possibly absorb more shock than the wood grips it replaced.I was expecting a much thicker material with a wraparound type fit.This grip is very thin material and leaves the frame exposed in a way that,to me,shouts "ouch"! Again I haven't tested it yet so my observations may have no merit,but...once I try it I will submit my findings-if I can still type!ok I got to the range today and my view hasn't changed.. I found the monogrip to have no shock absorbing ability that I could discern-in fact it hurt my hand!Also, hogue claims nothing has to be changed on your pistol to make this grip work but that is not true.I replaced it with a pachmayer presentation grip that I find much more comfortable.my opinion is this is not the grip for a .44 mag.I am removing my 2 star rating to replace it with one star.this is no reflection on amazon as the product arrived quickly.
This is a nice sized rod.  The rod and the patch holder are coated red.  The red comes off in your bore and on your receiver parts.  Stay away from this rod.  I returned it.  Try the Pro Shot 6.5&#34; stainless rod.  It is quality.
This does not fit the Kel Tec pf9 as advertised.  It is too short for the mag.  Seller needs to advertise properly.
Sight dot to small to see with glasses, does not mount in sight receiver hole, no tool to mount it.
I'm not sure why some people have rated this item so high but it was one of the reasons I purchased them. I guess the people that rated this so high haven't owned a good pair of hearing protectors. This is my third pair of ear protectors and they're the worst. I needed another pair because I can't alway locate the pair I have in the garage. I use them for woodworking machines and when cutting the grass. There is hardly any cushion and it doesn't cut out any noise. Then if you have to wear eye protectors it's even worse. They are useless and were thrown away.
These grips are not cut properly to fit the pistol. They greatly interfere with the reliability of the pistol. The safety is extremely hard to engage, the magazine release does not work and the overall fit is poor. When I compare the cut outs to the wood grips there is a noticeable difference. These grips are a big disappointment and are at the price where I will take a loss from sending them back. Do not purchase these grips.
It seems that using this kit can actually damage and render unusable certain types of airguns.....shouldn't that be a large warning in the description?
Packaged well and looks to be what I needed, but as they say, &#8220;Looks can be deceiving&#34;. This is total junk. Do not waste your money and look for a better product. Plastic body and interior battery tube is made from cardboard, Tried to insert batteries and they will not fit into top end where contact spring is located. Tried energizer AAA batteries and will not fit. Light is useless. Hoppes  should stick to their cleaning products,(which are excellent), and not put their name on imported cheap junk.
I got this with my Hoppe's kit, I'd prefer if they just made it $3-4 cheaper without the light.  The only redeeming feature of this light is the clear L shaped light reflector.  Imagine you rip out the tube of a thick retractable ballpoint pen, a used tampon cardboard tube wrapped in aluminum foil, shove two batteries inside and cram it all in the pen tube.This is basically what this "light" is.
If this is any indication of what Hoppe's will associate its Brand Name with then I will definitely be looking elsewhere for all my gun care and cleaning needs. This is an absolute piece of junk that I picked up at a gun show to inspect rifle bores. It barely made it thru the show before completely (and non-repairable) giving up the ghost. Everything said by other one star reviewers is correct and accurate.
Hoppes should be ashamed of putting their name on this garbage. The foil contact in this piece of junk is so thin even if it did work (mine didn't right out of the box), it would break in only a few uses. I've rarely seen a product built this poor. It's unbelievable.
Did not fit S&W model 19. Way too tight and I felt I would have torn the grip if I tried any harder to get the grip on the gun. Returned it and bought a Hogue monogrip (which fits perfectly).
The gun in question is from the early 70s.  Don't know if that had anything to do with it.  I have another, older, Pachmayr grip on a model 14 from the 70s or 80s and I love it.  It came with the model 14 when I got it.
(Total re-write 10/29/2011)Before I complained about a Marketplace seller selling a counterfeit version of the Shooter's Ridge bipod. That's old news...Now I focus my irritation and venom on a REAL Shooter's Ridge bipod, purchased locally at an LGS. I originally decided to have this mounted on a M&P; 15-22 plinker rather than on a bolt-action that I initially thought I'd use it on; I admit that I never really noticed any problems with it but then I rarely shot that particular .22LR over the past year or so since I bought this Real Deal SR bipod late last year. The couple of times that I did take the Smith & Wesson plinker out I didn't notice anything bizarre using the SR bipod (used in conjunction with a Shooter's Ridge Harris rail mount), but then it was my nephews shooting the gun more than I was.Fast forward to today: I've been working on my MSAR STG-556 rebuild; one of the things I've added to the bullpup is a 20/20 Precision forward Picatinny rail system that allows me to easily add a bipod (and my own preferred vertical grip) to the rifle. While I'm waiting for another Atlas bipod on order to arrive, for 'chits' and giggles I decided to try this SR bipod on the gun. It's then that I discovered a serious flaw with this particular bipod: the legs are not manufactured to the same angle off vertical! The rifle leans noticeably over to the right when looking forward to the muzzle. If it had been a pivoting unit that could be corrected for. But consequently the only way to attempt to level the rifle with this fixed unit is to extend the right leg approximately 1" further out than the left to compensate. At first I thought the problem might be with the QD mount attachment at the rail, but when I swiped the Harris L-S off of my SIG 516 to test on the STG-556, that bipod mounted straight and plumb to the MSAR. So that only left the SR bipod as the guilty culprit for this Leaning Tower of Pisa act.Sure, the REAL SR bipod is less than 40% of what I paid for the Harris, but manufacturing accuracy and exacting tolerances are important REGARDLESS of the price paid. As it is now I have little desire to use this defective SR bipod on ANY rifle. It's certainly my fault for not checking out the unit more closely after I first bought it. I had intended on shooting the 15-22 last winter with the then-new bipod, but as with many best-laid plans that never came about. All of the mechanisms on this bipod work correctly, but the mismatched leg angles is just inexcusable.Live and learn, I guess. And I need to stick to quality brands like Harris, Atlas and Versapod (among others) and stop trying to be so bloody CHEAP. It ain't worth it, as I seem to prove time and again.
The rear sight fits the desert eagle Mark XIX just fine, the front sight does not.  When you call up the company they say: " oh yea, Magnum research changed that and did not tell us.  Here is a machine shop in Michigan that will weld the front sight on for about $100 more".  So then you call up Magnum research and when you press the option for "representative" you are disconnected.These sights are for the prior model Desert eagle Mark VII.  They are NOT for the current model Mark XIX.waste of money.  Total junk.  Is not designed for the Desert eagle that has been the current model for over 12 years.  They know this and use deliberately vague sales to lure you in.  This crap should not be on amazon.
I bought this kit to install on my brand new, right out of the box Mossberg 500 Cruiser with the 20" barrel. I removed the barrel and used the supplied spanner wrench to remove the threaded cap that secures the barrel. I replaced it with the one supplied in the kit. Everything looked right until I had to fight with the barrel for ten minutes in order to get it to re-seat. Being left handed, I blamed myself as I tend to be a posterchild for Murphy's law. The next day I noticed that the Mossberg factory had left a spacer for the heat shield on the barrel untrimmed.  I once again removed the barrel, corrected the issue, and reattached the barrel after another 10 minutes of fustration trying once again to re-seat it!  By now, I thought I was losing it! I checked several videos on reassmbly on the web and no one had an issue re-seating the barrel. Finally it hit me. I had never tried re-seating the barrel prior to installing the Uncle Mike's magazine cap. So I changed it back out to the original cap and the barrel re-seated like butter!The screw on the Uncle Mike's part is just slightly longer and this created the problem for me.So for my $16.00 all I have is one strap connector on my shotgun stock and a handful of scrap!
For this item...weighing in at 2.4 ounces...small enough to be shipped in a large envelope...LG Outdoors charges $13 for shipping (in my case)...$13!...That is nearly the cost of the product itself...What a joke!Honestly, I didn't notice the outrageous shipping charges during the checkout process because my cart contained other items and I assumed that the shipping total that was displayed was spread out evenly...The other products, which were much heavier and larger shipped in the same amount of time the shipping costs were 1/3 less...Do yourself a favor and stick to the Amazon fulfilled items (Prime)...Stay away from LG Outdoors...Oh, and their customer service is just as comical as their shipping charges...I was told to send the product back at my own expense and I will be charged a 15% re-stocking fee...Thanks!As for the product itself, I didn't see any issues...I actually only needed a small portion of what's included (swivel stud)...Everything seemed of decent quality...If this is what you need to add a sling to your Mossberg 500...Don't hesitate to purchase this item...Just purchase the item from someone other than LG Outdoors.
I heard Uncle Mike's made a good product, so I gave it a try.  I wore this holster a total of 1 time for about 2 hours and the cheap plastic belt loop on the side broke, causing the holster and gun to fall to the floor.  The holster is now worthless.  Thankfully, I was at home at the time and not in public.  I expect better from something made in the USA.  I've never had this happen with ANY other holster I've owned.----As a follow-up to provide an alternative option for folks wondering what to get- I replaced with a Fobus paddle holster, which I wore for about 5-6 hours of hard yard work.  It's not as soft and slim as the Uncle Mike's, but it stays in place better (not flopping around) because there are ridges on the paddle that grip inside your waist band while the holster itself hangs over on the outside, and most importantly at no point did my gun wind up on the ground.  It's plastic, but not a cheap kind, and I'm sure it will handle some wear and abuse.  There's no retaining strap, but the gun clicks into place, requiring a firm draw... meaning it's not universal like a generic holster, so you have to get the model for your gun.For those wanting to avoid a junk holster, Fobus is an Israeli company, and based on my experiences so far, Israel seems to make good, quality innovative products.  It's incredible what that tiny country can come up with in spite being about the size of a city here in the US and surrounded by enemies on all sides.  I'm guessing they make quality products because they don't have room for anything else.
bought this for my 10/22 takedown rifle.first, you can barely see the leaf sight so there is no point in having the see through portion, you  just can't get an eye on that sight with these rings.second, the top of the rings is steel and the bottom is aluminum which just looks bad.third, with them on, the rifle with the scope would not fit in my bag...i know i could have purchased a different ring to make it fit my bag, however with the other problems... well, i thought i was buying a good product, boy was i wrong...
I own several of these jugs, and they are great, with one exception.  The vent plugs are hard plastic and they have a tendency to snap off just about flush with the hole.  When this happens all you can do is push them through and dump them out.  The real problem however is that Reliance does not sell these little vent plugs separately (yes, I called them!).  You have to buy an accessory kit that includes a new spout, new cap, new gasket, and a new vent plug.  I find this a little insane since I have never had the other items fail, only the vent plug.
The only thing nice I can say is it is made of nice components.I followed all instruction, watched youtube videos, and I have sighted in many weapons.  This did not work for me.I ended up sending back and getting the LaserLyte boresight, which is fantastic.
i thought that I couldn't go wrong with bushnell, but boy was i wrong. the lens was all fuzzy. another reviewer said it was frosty. it looked oxidized or something. Also, the lens thing, or whatever it is, is fixed at a certain height. so unless your scope is exactly the same height, and you can see through the fuzzy lens, then i guess you might be able to bore sight it. i didn't check this right away after i bought it, so it's too late for me to return it now. but next time, i won't trust bushnell. my other experiences with bushnell have been positive though. this thing, however, is a very poorly designed product, definitely not "professional." the arbors are good quality though, but useless without the lens.  Umm, what else. the case is really nice.  Oh, also, little to no instructions.
I have 3 other pair of ROC pants that are not made in China.  I ordered the same color for both pairs and contacted this company to change the color of one if they had not ordered.  They said they would make the change as the order had not been placed.  I received the pants and they were made in China and didn't fit anything like the other 3 do.  I contacted the company and asked for prepaid return address for UPS.  The first printable return was too large to get the tracking number on it.  This was emailed from Zac.  I call back and Dylan resent me one that was still a page large but did have the tracking number.  I received an email that UPS had scanned it my account would be refunded soon.  I still have not received a confirmation from Backcountry and they tell me that there was no order made under my email account.  Fortunately, I use the Amazon visa card and there is not balance due as of today the 22nd of June.  If you have an REI or Academy sports in your city, I would encourage you to purchase from them as you can check the country they are manufactured in.  I refuse to purchase anything made in China due to them arming the enemy or a war I participated in.
worked good for a while until the entire locking mechanism fell out and i couldn't get it back in would recommend not to buy
i got a package with different used and crappy rings , i know this has nothing to do with the performance of this product but .. if i decide to buy again i would have to think twice , i was going to put in the trash but i sent it back.
These are offset hooks. If you don't know the difference, please look it up. Circle hooks are designed to not deep hook fish as easily as regular hooks. If you catch and release fish such as stripers, then circle hooks are the way to go. Fewer injured fish.
Do you have a very thin neck with a tiny head? Gigantic shoulders and upper arms that taper to impossibly small wrists and hands? Then you'll love this sweatshirt!The hole for the head is so small that I get static electricity in my hair every time I put it on. The material is very lightweight (though I must admit it's warm) and the shoulder area is so huge that I feel like Shrek wearing it.The only thing I can say that's good about it is that it is warm and it didn't shrink a lot in the wash. I don't know what has happened to Hanes lately, but their fit and quality has gone down the tubes. I guess they've decided to sacrifice quality for price, but I would much prefer to pay a little more for something sturdy that fits.
In the winter I wear turtlenecks & this sweatshirt's neck is really open showing more than what this product picture shows.Updated 02-13-14: The shirt is already peeling. If you want something nice, this is not it. If you want it for around the house, this would work for the price.
This item is not what you see advertised. It's only a thin sleeping bag! Don't know where the "no see 'um thing" applies?
Bought five and none of them came with the &#34;included lanyard&#34; . had to go out and buy lanyards. waste of my time
These rubber toe tips tear very easily. A few uses and they are shredded. Better to use bandage or adhesive tape.
Pros - Great power and accuracy, nice weight, good sites.Cons - Barrel hold-down inadequate. Barrel often pops open when fired, especially with fresh CO2 cartridge..After short time began leaking CO2. Without firing will hold a charge for about 1 hour..Considering expensive price and short time before seals break-down the 617x is a poor choice, though it is great while it works.
considering that these are over-the-calf socks, they fall down within 1/4 mile of walking, which kind of defeats the purpose.
I was sure these would be good socks based on the brand name, company history and positive reviews.  But this was a disappointing purchase and I would not recommend these socks to anyone.Six pairs of socks.  Put the first pair on and found them to be comfortable, fit perfectly.  Second pair of socks, the elastic on one sock was unstrung and hanging loose but I wore them anyway and clipped off the dangling elastic thread--this sock will not likely stay up in the future after several washings.  Third pair of socks, I found a hole in the foot of one of the socks--a small hole that will undoubtedly grow larger over time.  Fourth pair of socks, discovered a rather large hole in the ankle area of one sock.  I haven't worn the fifth or sixth pair yet.Let me be perfectly clear:  these are the worst made socks I've ever bought.  It is an insult to charge 20 bucks for 6 pair.  The socks I bought have a multitude of flaws and they cost considerably more than the bargain white crew socks you can find at any Walmart or "dollar" store.  True, they are comfortable and soft on first wearing but, really, three out of the first four pair having manufacturing flaws should be a hint as to what you can expect for future wear.I originally thought about returning them to Amazon for a refund due to the poor quality but I decided to do a negative review instead so prospective customers would be forewarned.UPDATE 04/28/2013:  I've worn the other two pair of socks now.  One had two holes in the ankle area and the other was unstitched at the top.  Really...I cannot overstate how poorly this item is made.  If you happen to get a package with no defects, I'm happy for you.  But I will never buy Gold Toe socks again.
I am male with size 14 feet, so buying an extended size sock that fits is critical.  I have bought Gold Toe socks before and love them. I recently ordered two 6-packs of the Extended Size cotton crew socks (shoe size 12-16), and was looking forward to receiving them.  While the package arrived super fast, I immediately noticed that the socks looked smaller.  When I held them against a new pair of Gold Toe socks that I bought at J. C. Penny's a couple of years ago, they were about 1 1/2 inches smaller.  I tried on a pair, which went on my feet, but felt tight.  Heaven only knows what they would be like after a washing or two!  Needless to say, I am returning the socks right away for a refund.I am very disappointed, as I was looking forward to the higher quality of the Gold Toe brand.  I guess different manufacturers are licensed to make these socks, which would account for the varying quality and fit.  I will go back to J. C. Penny's and see if they still carry the "real thing."
I bought a pack of these 2 weeks ago, washed them once normally and today there is already a rip in one of the socks. I did nothing to rip it myself, just noticed a hole there in the ribbing. Not satisfactory at all. Gold Toe seems to be cutting corners or something.
I have bought Gold Toe socks for probably 20 years or more. They have always been high quality and wore very well. For the last several years I have bought them from Amazon with no problems. The last package I bought from Amazon were terrible. The bottoms frayed very quickly and wore through and the fabric became dingy and no amount of washing or bleach helped. I understand that they are now made outside the US so that explains it. I have seen this happen with dozens of products that I have used over the years. Before too long it will be impossible to buy ANY quality products in the US.Someone on here recommended Adidas socks and I followed their advice. No luck there either. I ordered 6 pairs of Adidas black low top socks from Amazon less then a week ago. A couple of days ago I wore a pair and then washed them. The bottoms looked like they had been ran through a shredder and one even had a hole all the way through the fabric.I'm starting to think that Amazon needs to screen their sellers a little better. I buy a LOT of items from Amazon because I despise shopping but some of the items I've been getting lately have me believing they might be knock-offs, including these socks. I know for a fact that a lot of sellers are running scams. I have seen things for sale for as much as 10x the price that they are available for everywhere else, one company with a Hispanic name tries to sell all kinds of items, mostly grocery items, for 4-5x their usual price. A lot of times if you point it out in a review Amazon refuses to post it.CAN ANYONE RECOMMEND A BRAND OF ATHLETIC SOCK THAT WILL LAST MORE THEN A COUPLE OF MONTHS?
I tend to buy Gold Toe socks whenever possible. I have always found them to be the most comfortable, well made socks available.  I recently bought a three pack of pairs of Gold Toe "No Show" men's socks at a local retailer and loved them.  So when I saw these six packs available through Amazon at an even better price I jumped all over them.These ARE NOT necessarily the same Gold Toe socks you will find at several brick and mortar retailers.  You need to check the actual product number, as apparently Gold Toe has several similar products but with distinctly different quality.  They are Gold Toe, and they look about the same, but the edge around the opening is slightly narrower than the ones I bought in the store.  No big deal I thought - so they are sewn slightly different.I have an average man's foot,  about a 10 shoe size, normal width, etc. Typically I put on socks and they fit.  I have seen other reviews where people like these socks and mention wearing a 12 or 13 size shoe, while people wearing a 9 1/2 or 10 1/2 complain about the socks....so maybe they run very large.Simply put, these are absolutely the worst fit of any sock I have ever owned.  They slid down off my heel repeatedly.  I tried several of the pairs I bought (about 4 pairs out of 12) and they were all the same.  They tend to slide around, not as if they are too big but just as if they aren't made right.  They also are somewhat thinner than the Gold Toe 'No Show' socks I bought in the store.The good socks I have are a Gold Toe 2247P.  These are a model 656F.  The 2247P may be very slightly higher on the ankle, but the difference in quality is like night and day.What a disappointment.  I returned them.  Fortunately, Amazon is awesome and offers free return on many apparel items, as well as free returns when something is defective.I'd avoid these socks, or take a chance knowing you can return them.
I am so upset with Amazon. I probably buy several thousand dollars worth of items per year and these are really too small and very substandard. The package reads: mens size 10 to 13 but I cannot get them half-on. They are thin with a sparse rough hewn interior padding. These are NO STAR rated- the worst.I would skip these, they really suck and are very expensive for what is there. Perhaps as an applicator for paste wax on your car but not for a size 10 mens foot.Shame on you; where is the quality control Amazon. Let's start checking what is delivered under your banner!! That feeling of being taken advantage of is terrible.
These grippers are not calibrated correctly.They all vary in strength and handle width(distance between handles) ,among the same gripper number.You can buy grippers half the price and the same quality ,that are calibrated more accurately than coc.
The product that was sent to me was wrong, didn't even look like the picture at all. The picture posted looks bright red and compact. The one sent to me was maroon in color.. huge wheel and the handles were as long as two of these put together. The company gave me such a hard time returning it and acted like children. I would give it no stars if I could.
I purchased this wheel from Amazon thinking I'd be getting the highest quality ab roller available.  What I got was a device that does not roll smoothly; it sticks at several points in it's rotation (and lubricating it does not help).  The wheel also possesses a few small rust spots.  Since I order from Canada and pick up in the US returns are a massive hassle for me so I still have it and it sits useless in the corner while a cheaper ab wheel I had before gets used.Not recommended.
This holster is NOT suited for the baby glocks. I carry a glock 27 and this holster DOES NOT work, it takes away the ability for a quick draw. I had to use 2 hands to get my gun out of the holster and even then it was a clumsy holster. There are also better holster out there for the money, because this holster will scratch and take the color off your gun. Glock makes the BEST guns, but the worst holsters.
I should know better by now, but this time I figured if I bought the 3X size it might be long enough to at least make it to my belt.  Nope.  Now, having said that, I'm not a scarecrow by any means--I typically wear XL or XXL T-shirts.  Right now I'm wearing a Reebok 2X NY Giants T-shirt that's about 4 inches longer than this 3X Russell t-shirt and I've found this to be true of every Russell shirt I've ever purchased. I don't know what they use as a template, but all I can figure is that they use dwarves. Check out the model in the picture.  The shirt is hanging below his crotch--when I wear it I look like Comic Book guy from the Simpsons. I wear 40 X 30 jeans, so it's not like I'm Fat Albert--I'd just like Russell to add a couple of inches to all their athletic shirts. Their sweatshirts have the same problem.
sizing is off.  it says xxxl but fits like xxxxl. don't know why this is but that's the way it is. company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this.
The fire starter I ordered was ordered from this page that states -"This is the genuine G.I. Aviation Fire Starter with a magnesium edge and sparking insert. You can make a spark in just about any weather conditions. Government issue." Sold by Reiss Innovations, LLC and Fulfilled by Amazon.The one I received was NOT G.I. & was sold by Abco Deals. The glue on inferior products like this always gives way on the flint strip insert & you end up losing it. I have had a Genuine U.S. military issue for over 20 years & it's still good & I've been through several of these & they always come lose. I'm getting very upset with the e-bay way amazon is doing things now. When I buy something I expect it to come to me as advertised. If this continues I will cancel my amazon credit card & shop anywhere else that has what I want even if it's more expensive; at least I'll get what I paid for!!!
They advertise "genuine issue", but what I got was a Chinese copy.  Plus, I have to pay to return it.  When I called, they were not too interested in making me happy.  Buyer beware!
I start alot of fires while camping to keep dry and warm and I wanted to see how this "classic" compared with the Firesteel I have bee using.....boy was I surprised.....how can the military issue this thing with such better tools available....its a pain to use and if its windy, FORGET IT! your shavings will blow away.  It also appears to wear quite fast.  I recommend Swedish Firesteel or another Firesteel product.
I was wet, cold, and very tired that night I spent on the mountain.  I shaved off a pile of this to start my fire.  It goes "poof" when the spark hits it.  I never got a fire started, all the wood around was wet.  What I have used with 100% success is Fire Ribbon. It is in a tube like toothpaste . It will burn while floating in water. It also burns along time.  I now carry a half used tube (smaller that way) in my kit. It always, alway lights.... Is about $3.00 at REI. Happy trails...
I bought 6 of these thinking they were actual Doan's Machine and Tool bars. They were not. They are the same cheap bars availible at places like Harbor Frieght. They do not seem to have a good ferro rod and the magnesium alloy is not as good as a Doan's bar. I learned my lesson the hard way so hede my warning. If you are looking for reliablity, durability, and quality, Go Doan's.
This not a real military grade canteen. I was under the impretion that it was when i bought it but i was sadly mistaken. The reason that i had purchesed this was because i wanted one like my dad who is now retired from the military. It is still a good way to hold water but i was looking for better quality.
Doesn't come with made in USA logo. Wonder where it's made as it doesn't seem to be military grade equipment
This bottle combines the space of a water bladder with the durability of a water bottle. It is a little bit more space efficient than the G.I. 1 quart bottle. It is very easy to clean (just empty the water out of the canteen and put the canteen down on a cloth or a carpet for a quick drying) so it is easy to manage at a campsite. HOWEVER this water bottle has many MASSIVE downsides to it. #1- It leaks badly. #2- Any scratches make the canteen look bad. #3- The bottle has a horrid design which makes it difficult to hold and store. I would not recommend this for any person or any sports. I would have rated this 0.1/10 but there is not an option for that on this website.
I know this was a cheap Alice pack, without a frame. But what I didn't expect was the smell. I've ordered a large LC1 pack with frame and straps from the Ammocanman. I have to say, he does good business. But the seller here (ArmyGear) should have probably stated that this Alice pack smelled of anus and throwup. I've washed, soaked, aired out, this bag several times and it won't stop smelling. I'm thinking about calling a catholic priest to have an exorcism with this bag. Shame on you ArmyGear. This was going to be a backpack. Not an airline tossup bag.
I own other columbia shirts but this specific style is HUGE. For a better fit try the Columbia Silver Ridge.
Look, I know these are designed for convenience and a very long shelf life but unless I was starving this wouldn't even be edible. Disgusting yellow pieces of sponge coupled with salted smokey chemical-tasting bacon flavoring.I'm not hating on Mountain House in general but this flavor is the absolute worst!
I thought this would be a relatively safe bet.  Read reviews on another site and found those reviews mainly positive.  Should have checked out Amazon.  We tried this breakfast item and 2 Mountain House dinner entrees on a BWCA trip this month.  While the Mountain House Chicken and Mashed Potatoes and the Mexican Rice and Chicken were quite good, the Scrambled Eggs and Bacon was inedible.  The eggs were grainy and the bacon scant.  Three out of 4 campers didn't eat this product--tossing the meal while opting for gorp and granola bars as a substitute.  Yuck!
This is the third RoadPro product I own, the other two items are great but this one not so, heat up very slow ,messy and extremely difficult to clean even with the aluminum container in side ( purchase separately ) is very wimpy.
Have owned two of these and neither has ever advanced an edge.  Either my sharpening skill is lacking (even though I do great with stones) or this is just substandard product.  I would not reccomment.  Get some Spyderco Sharpmaker sticks and use freehand in stead.
The glue holding the stones on broke free and broke on the floor.Cheap.Save your money and get a higher quality product.I use the one stone to sharpen the lawn mower blades and for remaking the tip on knives with broken off tips.
I rarely give bad reviews, but this is just atrocious. The material is thin. The zippers go the wrong direction on the pockets. I thought the lack of a drawstring around the bottom would be easy to ignore, but they shaped this thing so poorly that a drawstring is needed just to overcome the poor fit. I have always associated Columbia with quality. This has put a serious dent in that association. My wife was on the phone when I tried it on for the first time and with a single glance she just shook her head. Wasn't even close. Would be zero stars if I had the option. Caveat emptor!
This chain does not com with a master link. Works fine otherwise would have been nice if the product description included this informationUPDATE1 star because after 100 miles on trails chain all ready broke. I cleaned and oiled before every ride. Full disclosure I weigh 230lbs and rides include 1 race and 4 training rides. I've broken chains before but not this new.
This is a wool cap.  All three of the caps arrived with numerous holes in them.  Because they are wool, I think that may be a result of a parasite--i.e. moth larva.  The caps are definitely not wearable.
Why on earth would you spend $20, or more on this piece of junk?  Sure, it's got gel under the surface...and then covered in a cheap plastic or other material that heats up quickly.  This bike saddle (seat) can & will literally burn your buns in the summer.  If left out in the sun, it can also EXPLODE!  Stay away from this Wal-Mart junk & buy something about the same price but much better...an Avenir Saddle.Avenir Plush Saddle (Black)
First let me say this is NOT Amazon's fault.  However the amazon description could be clarified simply to say that these DO include the necessary pads (type &#34;B&#34;, in this case) - not just the metal &#34;clips&#34;.  For first time Yakima users this is not at all clear anywhere (not just on this site but other sellers - I called three and not a single one could confirm whether the pads were included.  In retrospect a call to Yakima would have been smarter.  But this should not be necessary.  Amazon - please be a leader and update the description to reflect the fact that the pads are indeed included (not just the clips).  Aaargh.My main gripe:  the Yakima site has a rack finder application gizmo that I used.  I did this several times to make sure I entered my desired application accurately.I wanted to install on a &#34;bare roof&#34;.  In other words, using the q-towers OVER THE FRONT DOORS, in FRONT of the factory rails that are standard on the 2010 Honda Odyssey.  The Yakima gizmo allowed me to select the &#34;bare roof&#34; option and told me Q133 is what I needed.  Wrong.  Q133 clips have a tiny. tiny. little extension that must be for attaching to the factory rails (the ones that run along the sides of the roof) - I did not try this (I already have crossbars installed).  Again, when it told me bare roof application I took this to mean one bar over the front door and one over the rear sliding doors.  Nope.I did find a solution (for anyone who wants to try this you are 100% on your own for the risk you are taking - this is NOT recommended by the manufacturer but I got it really solid and stable).I found the combination that seems to work nicely (for going across the FRONT doors) is:  clips Q112 with &#34;A&#34; type pads.Important note:  This cip-pad combination is ATYPICAL (the Q-112 clips are ordinarily sold with &#34;E&#34; type pads) I had these other options for this combination because of the clips & pads I had purchased for other vehicles at the same time (the Q-112 clips are for the rear of a 2006 Acura TL and the A pads are for the rear of a 2004 Corolla).A few more details if anyone is still interested in trying this:  Yakima clips include very specific measurement instructions to ensure a solid fit.  A little bit off and things could get really ugly.  It took me (with my son's help) over an hour to fiddle into what seems a really tight, solid fit for this off-label, over-the-front-door application.  Here are the measurements / details:Bar length - 58&#34;q-clips:  Q112pads:  &#34;A&#34; typePosition the outside of the q-tower band (the one that the bar passes through) exactly 4&#34; from the end of the bar (with end cap removed) - do this for both sides.  Then you should have 46 5/8&#34; of bar remaining between the inside of the q tower bands (measuring across the top of the bar.  The measurements given above are after the Q-towers have been locked onto the bar using the hex key.The fore-aft position is also critical - if you want it located differently you'll probably need to relocate the q-towers on the bar.I have mine positioned so that the very front edge of the q-tower base pad is 16&#34; from the rear-most edge of the windshield molding (a narrow black strip running across the top of the windshield); the measurement was taken right the the top, outside corner of the windshield at the back edge of this strip.Make sure you adjust the q-tower tension so that there is solid resistance when closing and locking the rack into place.  Of course I also have the vinyl pads on the clips to protect the paint where there could be any contact with the vehicle.Good Luck!
This is a good target but it is TOO SMALL. I would have gave it 4 stars if it was bigger.
I guess I should have known since they are made by Gamo. But being unfamiliar, I thought they were real targets. They will work for small calibers but they are really small.
I swear, I know how to use a bike pump. You would not know it if you ever watched me use this. I have words to describe this pump,.....They are words Amazon would probably not allow me to put in print. You've got more chance of inflating your tire via mouth to tube inflation than you do using this pump. OK, that's an exaggeration, but to think of all the materials and energy that went into manufacturing this terd is an insult to the Earth. If you happen to get it pumping air into your tire it does well, until it looses it's connection and then you have to try to get it to connect all over again. Oh, and up around 20-25 psi it starts leaking air. You can actually hear the air hissing and mocking you. God love you if you want to try to go over 40 psi. Please keep in mind, this terd is one month old. There is some person on youtube showing how to use this. Please note, she never brings the thing within 10 feet of a tire.If you designed this you should be locked in a room with 1000 flat tires. Your punishment is to inflate them and there you will spend the rest of you life.
Odd shape requires an odd bracket, so you can't use old pump brackets on other bikes and swap the pump.  Mine was missing the rubber insert required to seal it to a valve stem.  It is not worth throwing more money at this one.My advice, find a different pump.  This seems to be the general opinion of this pump.
The short story is that I've never been able to pump up anything with this product.Having hoped to use this with bicycle tires, I was completely unsuccessful.  The fact that there is no hose to absorb movement of the pump made it difficult to even keep this product mounted on the valve stems on the tires.
Most 5 and 4-star reviews here are planted by Victorinox. I have bought about 30 Victorinox knives so far and I love them all except the one made with this cheap plastic which I initially thought were Chinese but then doing some youtubing I found this is indeed genuine but of low quality so I returned it.The best 111mm SAK are the ones with dual density plastic.The best 91mm SAK is the Fieldmaster (same as Huntsman Boy Scout) and Explorer Boy Scout. Both are 4-layer knives containing most useful tools.The Clasic SAK (51mm) knives are so small are next to useless and are only good for key rings.Beware of all the false advertising and if in doubt check youtube videos by knife users not by Victorinox.
Like several other reviewers, I ended up with a near-empty bottle that was essentially useless for the purpose of disinfecting water. An expensive lesson indeed!  I can far more highly recommend standard iodine tablets - there are several manufacturers - and I can only warn potential customers to forget all about Polar Pure.
Horrible, horrible, horrible!  Leaks gas ALL THE TIME.  Turned my maps brown and even turned my seeds brown.  Much better off with a good water filter and pills.  The material evaporates and the gas will ruin any papers or other materials.  When I contacted the manufacturer, he joked that maybe my heirloom seeds would grow even bigger as a result of the browning from the escaped gasses.  Guess what?  Funny, but not appreciated.  This is one item I'd leave out of any Bug Out Bag or Survival Kit.
All of these reviews are based on nostalgia, this was a great watch in the 80s but now is trash,i don't even think Seiko care about this anymore since young people don't used watches as they use to. If you want a mechanical buy an Orient diver, is a lot better than this Seiko diver. The past is gone, this is not what it used to be, be real.
This watch is very disappointing.  It runs about 5 to 6 minutes fast a week.  Very annoying. I see from another review mine is not an isolated case. Seiko said I'd have to pay shipping and it would take up to 6 weeks turn around on the repairs. Poor customer service for a brand new watch, what a rip off.
I was shocked when I opened the box, this looks like a $20 pair of muffs. I'm not sure I want to keep these muffs, WAY overpriced for the low quality. Is this someones idea of a joke? these can't be worth more than $20-30.Don't company's care what consumer think anymore?Update 02/11/2012My review was short,so I will add some more information after taking them to the range about 20 times, I will not use without inner ear protection before putting theses on.I based my opinions on 35 years of buying quality products ( before the time that we are forced to ( buy made in china )products.most everything today is poorly made and won't last .  These muffs are such an example. I don't feel the need to be an expert in the field of hearing /Audio to give an overall opinion on the low quality manufacturer of this product. suffice it to say you can do better with a good pair of $40 pair of muffs.
I Received these today. They were dead on arrival. Instruction are very limited, which didn't help. Hopefully these are an exception to the rule, but I will find a different brand to get next time.I have since bought Pro Ears Gold. Now that is a great set of hearing protectors!!!
If this was free, it would be overpriced.  It is not worth carrying, too narrow and too thin to be any different than sleeping on the ground.  Mine ripped when opening it.
The website says this clip fits for Crossman 760 air rifle. It actually does not fit in my Crossman 760 Pumpmaster and is a useless device. I end up with tossing it away into the trash can and also wasted a whole box of pellets that was purchased together with this clip.
me and a friend were shooting my co2 handgun in my back yard and several of these cartridges only got about 35 shots and they were done so i went and got some crosman powerlets much better 122 shots a cartridges alot better than the daisies just get yourself the crosman ones and you will be good.
This is not what I wanted I ordered the wrong item.  Would not be a fair review, so I pass.
Junk, the springs never stay in or they jam up.  You get what you pay I guess. Daisy makes low end stuff and these clips meet their normal lack of quality level.
Took my Gamo Rifle to the 25 yard range.Had Gamo Lead Pellets and these Daisy Pellets.At 15 and 25 yards with the weapon mounted on a Bipod and with scope:Daisy Ammo was completely inaccurate to the tune of 6&#34;-8&#34; at 25 yards and 3&#34; - 4&#34; at 15 yardsThe Gamo Lead Ammo was highly accurate and allowed me to shoot quarter to half dollar grouping at both distances.I like the idea of lead free, but it my experience, it leaves a lot to be desired.
I was amazed by the amount of positive reviews this crappy pellets got, I felt the obligation to set things straight. This review apply to all Daisy pellets, not only this model.250 pellets, they are so poorly made that as soon as you open the container, half of them unusable, completely deformed, they are so soft that if you don't put them carefully on your rifle, they will just bend.Unacceptable accuracy, poor stopping power for hunting.I know so much about them because my local gun dealer only had Daisy pellets available, for years I've been suffering frustration thanks to this crappy product and would definitely want to avoid anyone else the inconvenience, do not buy this brand!.
Like others, I had one of the older, American made examples,( metal framed ) and shot pretty well.This one shoots BBs a foot high at 10 feet, and slings BBs and pellets in random directions at any further distances.I bought it to shoot airgun darts in the pool room anyway, but was dissapointed to find that darts would barely clear the barrel, dropping to the floor about four feet in front of the muzzle...Sometimes not leaving the barrel at allAfter 3 days the slide started to unlock every time I fired itThrew it away and figured it for a lesson learned
It is reliable, that's it.  I've had mine for 10 years and it still works but I keep it oiled.Now for the bad, 200FPS is so weak you can see the bb drop and in flight.  And it's not accurate, in a vise it shoots all over the place.In also is very dangerous as it looks like a real gun and I caught my teenager taking it out to parties, I guess he wanted to flash it like he had a real gun.Don't buy one of these, looks too much like a real 1911.
The rear sight is weak, front sight fell off. Yes you can buy after market parts to build a new gun but why? I bought it as a gift and ended up buying a better gun at Wal-Mart. Not worth sending back for refund. shipping was fast but the gun was junk.
The scope is very difficult to look through due to the small diameter. There is no eye relief built in either. The scope's image is also marginally darker when looking through it.On top of that, I bought this expecting it to have the weaver or piticanny mounting system. It, however, does not. I believe it has the mounting system dovetail which is a lot smaller than what's common, and will not fit weaver rails.The entire scope is a lot smaller than I expected as well. It's only a measly 4 inches long.I can't comment on the accuracy, as I can't even mount it.
View is EXTREMELY BLURRY, no matter what position you mount the scope at for eye relief.  There is no focus knob.WILL NOT adjust for zero.  The adjustment screws will turn a little bit very loosely, firm up and click, then go back to being loose.  Kind of like the detent inside of it is broken on delivery.  Elevation and windage do the same thing.I cannot use a scope that is blurry and will not adjust for zeroing.  You probably can't, either.Luckily it was 8 bucks, I guess you get what you pay for it's THAT cheap...
if you want cheap junk...I don't know what I was thinking when I ordered this, I should have saved my money.
I'd have to rate their quality control poor to bad. Mine came and after I wound it up ran for 5 minutes and quit. The second hand stuck at about the 20 minute mark and that was it. No amount of winding, shaking gently would unstick it, so back it went.Oh yeah about the pins, before I wore it I took it to a jeweler to size it and they bent one of the pins getting it out and back in. They appear to be too light gauge wire for the job.Anyway, back it went and since it was DOA, the return was not an issue. But I won't be buying another invicta anything.
I ordered this watch as an everyday watch. I only got it wet while washing dishes or a couple of times in the shower. Within 3 weeks, there was moisture under the crystal that fogged it over. This is definitely not a "Diver's watch". It never went under water more than 6" and was supposed to be rated down to 200 meters. It is a piece of junk. I returned it to Amazon for a refund.
I got a Pro Diver for my birthday and sorry to say it is the worst watch I have ever owned.  It is self winding and if I don't wear it every day the self winding watch runs down.  May continue running for a 1.5 days at most.  It also is very inaccurate and may lose up to 15 minutes a day.  I would not recommend this watch.
I literally took this &#34;Divers Watch&#34; on vacation and swam with it 1 (ONE) time and ruined it.  Literally in a 5 ft pool the seals broke and I was out a watch.  Remind you as well I was in the pool for 10 minutes and noticed it.  Invicta wanted to charge just as much for shipping for warranty versus that of just buying a new watch.  Will NEVER buy another Invicta again (I currently own a few of them)  However, looks on this watch are not bad at all for a nice piece but just remember if water touches it, it breaks.
I got this unit to strengthen and increase individual dexterity in my fingers, specifically the fingers on my left hand for playing bass guitar. Since the unit is made to work in unison (all fingers at once) it does not work very well for working each finger one at a time, such as a bass player might want to do for single note runs, etc. It is likely fine for guitar players who wish to press all fingers down at the same time, such as with playing chords.While the tension seems reasonable what I also find difficult to use about it is that the unit is not large enough for my larger than average hands. If I press my fingers tight together I can use it, however, pressing only one of the end keys (such as with just your little finger) is awkward this way, and the unit itself twists to the side quite a bit.If the unit were wider I would possibly be able to use it as I originally intended, but given the small overall size of the unit and the unison function of it I will likely just give it to a guitar player friend with small hands and keep looking for another solution.
I like Igloo coolers. For the money they are durable and keep the cold where it belongs. But after a few years the hinges, drain, and lid strap suffer from stress or abuse and split. I wish they were tougher and suspect they could be but there is a profit in selling these replacement parts. Yes these hinges will fix it but $8.88 for two 1" by 2" hinges of plastic is EXPENSIVE. My solution is to make a "hinge" out of something tough but flexible. I've used old inner tube rubber or triple/quadruple layer Gorilla tape folded back on itself. Keep the broken hinge pieces as "washers" and use them as a template to cut the material to shape. Use ice pick or awl to punch holes and assemble. The one I made from inner tube has lasted 4 years. I'm now testing the tape version on another Igloo. I shop Amazon because of the good deals, but free or cheap is even better!
Installed as directed. Cracked the first time the lid was opened.  Very disappointed.
After running out of crossman pellets i whent down to the local walmart and saw these cheap daisy variety packs of pellets.  I bought 3 and thought i had just gotten an amazing deal, but i was so wrong.  The next day i was plinking cans and used the daisies.  After 20 missed shots on one can at 15 yards i knew something was wrong.  I know that my remington vantage is a pretty damn accurate rifle and im a pretty good shot.  But even after shooting mounted it took me 3 shots too make an easy one.  When aiming center mass on a can, mounted, at 10 yards i barely knicked the can.  Please do yourself a favor and never buy these pellets.  If your looking for a pellet that is accurate, affordable, and enjoyable stick with crossman.
I have a gamo bigat cat 1250 and I had like 5 bucks left on gift card so I ordered them knowing that they are cheap pellets,but they were so bad i just tossed them in the woods!!! literally!!!!! I taped 4 sheets of blank paper together at 20 yards and i aimed in the middle and it hit 5 inches to the left (P.S i was using a shooting tool so the rifle was completely steady)then i shot another one and i aimed at the center again and it hit a tree that was to the right of the target that was about 5 feet away!!!!! then i shot another and it want way low of the target and completely missed it dont bbbbbuuuuuuyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i had to give it one star but i wish i could of gave it 0 stars!!
This was a piece of junk. But can't complain too much it was super cheap. I'd go with something else..
Tried to use one of these to cut a wire coat hanger to temporarily fix a vehicle, crimped it all the way around the wire to score it then tried to cut it on the score and the steel snapped right where the handle joins the pliers jaws,that was about 8 years ago, ever since i have been using a leatherman super tool 200 with zero problems, this would be ok to throw in a glove compartment and use occasionally but be prepared for it to possibly break on you.
the image pictured did not match what was delivered.  the part  numbers were in line, but the look was all different. I was disappointed as this was a gift for my father-in-law as an EDC. returned it. ultimately. the part is nice -  no silver on the grip and the bolts are exposed, wood look plastic -  but not what I wanted.
WELL IF YOUR LOOKING FOR TARGET PRACTICE BOLTS,I DON'T RECOMEND THIS KIND OF THEM THEY BENT EASLY AND THE REAR TIP WILL FELL OFF BY THE FIRST SHOT,THEY'RE CHEAP QUALITY,WHEN I SHOOT MY CROSSBOW FOR FIRST TIME ONE OF VANES CAME OFF AND I THINK THEY WON'T LAST ME FOR SHOOT THEM TWICE TIMES.
I used to own this Seiko Black Monster. It really was a looker of a watch. Good craftsmanship, durable case and bracelet, and very bright luminous markers. It had good waterproofing too. But when it started to gain at least a minute a day, and stopped on me for a couple of hours, like another owner's experience, I just had to avail of Amazon's excellent return policy. (Thank you so much Amazon.com, I will always remain your loyal customer).
These are massive.. i mean massive!!bought them for my brothers road bike since his did not come with any hazards. i compared these to mine and they are almost double the size of all my hazards, they are going to just sit and attract dust now... maybe i can give them away, i would not buy these unless you're putting them on KIDS BIKES.
Order the reflector set and received a tire tube! To add further hassles UPS said it was not shippable . Now I have no tube or reflector set. Box had the tube clearly marked, but the barcode lablewas not correct.
This is a knock off and not correct . This one has only 1 clip and the other end is a loop .,I qualified in basic with the M-! Garand and I should know . The one I bought from CMP has clips on both ends
Hunh, the very first review I read on these said that she had a 7&1/2 hat size & wasn't too tight or too loose.My hat size runs from 7&1/2 to 7&3/4 depend on the style & brand of hat. Within a few seconds of wearing them I could feel the blood throbbing trying to circulate, and headache started immediately after. After about 4 days of hanging it on awooden chair and resting my arm in it strecthing it out for a hour or so a day, it finally doesn't seem quite so tight. Now six more to go. If you have a large head, be warned!
I needed a prop 1911 for a Halloween costume so I bought this badboy and painted it to look like my real 1911. First of all, I was surprised that the actual bake-lite grips from my 1911 fit on this thing. Second of all, after it was painted it actually looked more legitimate than my real pistol to a lot of my friends (scary?)Now, onto the part most people care about - the function.I used to play airsoft, many years ago, and had my share of spring pistols, a couple of gas Glocks and an AEG M4. This is probably the worst airsoft gun I have owned. It has a fixed 'hop-up' which is no bueno for the included .12G bbs. I test-fired it in the backyard once it arrived just for the nostalgic lolz and the trajectory of the BBs is hilariously ridiculous. They go up maybe 5 feet in elevation at a distance of probably 10 feet. You won't be hitting anything with this gun and .12G BBs, use heavier stuff.  I can't comment on the muzzle velocity but it could only manage a small dent into an empty soda can. My old KWA gas Glocks would go through both sides of a can with ease.Brought back memories.
Very cheap gun find something else.
Despite the universal, one-size-fits-all, application chart, this holster did not come close to fitting my gun.  It seems the holster was sewn too far into the open end so only my muzzle could be inserted.  I followed all of their instructions and sent the new, unused, apparently defective holster back and received only half of my money back.  I will never purchase from this seller again and I advise others against it, as well.
I was shocked to see that the actual roller product is made from very poor quality foam! There is a lot of "foam dust" everywhere on the roller and the foam fibre break down easily.The actual product is nothing like what was shown in the picture. How deceptive marketing and unethical. This is not the high quality EVA foam like those of swimming buoy or other rollers.Buyer beware!
They are Not large enough, and fairly inflexible. Inelastic, Cheap, and unwearable for me. I discarded them. I wouldn't recommend buying them
I ordered this ball from Amazon and it's not actually 65cm in diameter.  Its actually 56cm (based on the measurements of circumference).  I plan to use this to sit on at my home desk, but its way too small.  this has been a total waste of my time and money.  i'm angry that i even need to ship this garbage back to Amazon for a refund.  they should be paying ME for this!
This "ABMAT" it is a cheap imposter. They have obviously copied  the logo from the real product... don't spend your money on it... it is put together very poorly. I wouldn't pay $1.00 for it.with that said...1) Real Abmats are great, I have used them a lot. They are better on your lower back (spine) than doing situps without them.I suggest you go online to Rogue Fitness and buy one for the SAME PRICE there!! 29 + 5 shipping. That way you can be sure you are getting the real deal, made well.
I got this for a overnight hike and we camped at the base of Mount Washington. I set it up in a flash loved it.  Then i climbed in to go to bed at night. I could not zipper the main zipper for 15 minutes. Trying not to break it as I worked it down. I didnt want to be covered in bugs at night or have a Polecat walk in my tent.  Then, i wake up at 3am in pitch black with ice water on my feet. It was raining and i slept on a slight angle with my head raised higher than my fee, the top of the tent was dry on the inside. The bottom where the seam is. The base of the tent meets the side must have had poor stitching. I had about 30-40 ounces of icy rain water in my tent soaking my sleeping bag. MISERABLE in 45 degree weather.  Had to wash my bag now and i returned my tent the day after the hike.  I wanted to love it so bad.  So small, compact and light.  But it has poor construction.
No ventilation at all.  Al the condensation that is produced over night from you will collect on the roof and slowly drip down to your floor where your sleeping bag is.  I made a bad decision of buying this product and on 2 separate DRY weather occasions I woke up in the middle of the night with a cold and very wet sleeping bag.
Ok let me start the review honestly by saying I love Everlast and I'm a huge supporter of most of their products. They used to make really good hand warps. Im not sure what is different but I can saw durring hardcore mma their old warps held up for almost a year of VERY HARD USEAGE. However these ones fell apart after just some mild heavy bag drills maybe 10 hrs of use. Really sad to discredit Ever Last however ive been noticing that their new lines seem to be trash. These warps are trash buy something better.
I gave this pedometer one star because it is not for anyone who wants to use it straight off of the shelf.  This pedometer can work if you do not mind working on it.  It has problems that need modification.The top of the clip on this pedometer pushes against the body, making the vertical angle 20 degrees or more off of plumb.  That means the weighted arm inside drags on the circuit board and does not move freely.  Remove the factory clip and the tabs that hold it.  Add some adhesive Velchro to the back of the case.  Make a fabric band for your ankle.  Attach the ends to each other with Velchro.  Put a strip of Velchro on the outside of the band for attaching the pedometer to the band.  I get  accurate readings with this pedometer when it is attached to the inside of my right ankle.  I got inconsistent readings with it on my waistline.The hair spring that returns the weighted arm to its upright position weakened considerably after about ten miles and the pedometer drastically undercounted.  I opened the pedometer and added a strut to brace the spring.  The strut is made of thin brass.  Aluminum from a soda can would work, too.  I made a "V" in one end of the strut to hold the spring.  I pushed lightly against the spring from the left side, drilled a hole in the brass, and anchored the strut to a screw on the lower left part of the circuit board.  The strut angles up just slightly from the screw that anchors it.  I now have quite a few miles on the pedometer.  (I have a theory the spring weakened because its solder joint to the circuit board may have broken slightly and allowed the spring to twist freely.)Several times the pedometer reset itself to "0" for no apparent reason.  I know nothing pushed on the reset button.  One incident was while it was going through the scanner at airport security.  Once it reset while I was walking.  Twice it reset while I was napping on the sofa.  I am thinking a charge of static electricity overwhelmed the circuit, but I do not know.  Static electricity from too many synthetic fabrics can be a problem with more expensive pedometers, too.This pedometer uses a counter circuit.  If someone needs an inexpensive electronic counter, connect a wire to the weighted arm and another wire to the coiled spring it contacts.  Connect a button switch to the two wires.  Freeze the weighted arm in place with hot glue.
this compass was not a true Tritium compass it is mismarked and I have sent mine back.  The real ones are really bright without having to charge in the sun.
This teeny 60-page pamphlet spends the first 30 pages telling you how great of a hobby knife-throwing is, and then provides instructions on how to build a large wooden target.  Then it spends about 5 pages going over the same basic throwing concepts, then spends page after page espousing the virtues of EVERY KNIFE Hibben has every designed or licensed.  Then they wrap it up with a flowery epilogue of just how great a guy he is.  What an unconditional WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!
I bought this book thinking I'd learn some stuff about knife throwing but I had already learned a lot of the things mentioned online or through experience. I'm not saying the book is 100% useless but it definitely wasn't worth it.
The guy that wrote this might b a knife efficianado but he doesn't know how to write a book, I learned basically nothing from the ten mins it took me to read this pamphlet. I would recommend YouTube
I was very disappointed in this book.  It might make interesting reading for a child, but that is about it.
Garbage. This holster is a nightmare to put together and is made of the cheapest possible materials. Avoid at all costs.
This belt is fine - if you only use it as a reflective belt. But it has a big disadvantage because of its spandex "stretchiness". It is not ideal for attaching stuff to it.I bought a much better 1/4 inch 100% reflective vinyl belt, fully adjustable with a spade clip fastener and with no stretch (thus no sag and bounce). The entire belt is reflective, as opposed to the thin reflective strip on the spandex belt. A night time jogger needs at least three things: a reflective belt, a cell phone in a water resistant case, and a flashlight. I have found the greatest way to carry a flashlight is to attach it to your reflective belt at your side and have it point forward. This method is "hands free". But you can only do this with a non-stretch vinyl belt that prevents the beam from bouncing (adjusting the flashlight to "wide beam" also eliminates a bouncing spot). Since I often run in a park which has bears, wild hogs, and coyotes, I also carry a 4" can of mace (for psychological comfort). With a non-stretch vinyl belt, I can carry all these items attached to the belt. Since the weight is distributed at the waist, you hardly know the stuff is there.
"Ow, Ow, Ow, Ow!!!! Get them off me . . ." - Me after 10 seconds of trying these on.  Went straight back to Amazon.
What's wrong with mine! I ordered the product based on many positive reviews. Just couple times using it and it's foggy.
Fogged up, hurt my face, water got in.... strap wasn't comfy - I've decided to swim without goggles at this point ---- but that's just me.
I've had 2 pair of these one I bought and another pair my boyfriend bought for me because I forgot to tell him to avoid these. Both fogged up horribly on the 1st swim. I'm not sure what the deal is with these goggles but Speedo needs to change what they are doing with this style.
I received the pair of these goggles I ordered this morning.  When I opened the box and tried them on, the nose piece that was on the goggles immediately broke.  It didn't just come off; it broke off.  This goggle comes with additional nose pieces.  With difficulty I was able to install another nose piece but do no feel confident that it will stand the test of time.  If these goggle's nose piece was good and they knew it, they wouldn't send you a bag of extras.The goggles are also uncomfortable.I had kids on a USS swim team for 13 years.  I've bought and have personally used a lot of goggles.  These are not worth your time.  Keep looking.I gave these goggles one star because I couldn't give it zero stars.
I just couldnt get these things to wear properly.  I had tried using them on 3 separate occasions trying out 2 of the 3 available bridges to fit my face better but to no avail.  they are so damn tight that they hurt.  I didnt think my head was too big until wearing these, now im self conscious everywhere I go.  Oh yeah, and they did keep water out for $%*&.  I would swim 5 strokes and get a couple drops inside.  Swim 5 more have more water inside.  At the completion of any lap I would have too much water in here for me to see at all.  I also tried the 2.0 vanquisher, which fits nicer, but just messes with my eyes too much.  I wouldnt recommend these.
Maybe this is only supposed to keep the hair out of your eyes, because it sure doesn't keep it dry!And I have short hair.  Plus, it needs to be pulled back down all the time, even on my relatively small head. It creeps up and up, like it's trying to escape. Think I'll let it.
This gloves were not comfortable on my hands.They felt too tight and not natural.I decided to train with bear hands.
I am disappointed with this product.  It is much to bulky for comfort.  I plan to return it and buy one of the smaller belts.
The quality of the product is very good, however it seems as if it were for show only. i tried putting them on and failed.  Not only do they hurt, but they don't stay on! I have an average sized nose and I could keep them on.
Too small - made for kids !!!  This clip will just fall off an adult nose after 2 strokes into your swim !!!
I have been lifting for years now and owned numerous pairs of gloves, naturally they wear out. While these gloves are very well built the overall design is flawed and uncomfortable.Pros:Lots of cushion everywhereWrap around provides good wrist supportStyling is good, look niceCons:Gloves have so much cushion you can barely close your hand around the pull up bar or weights, not a good kind of cushion, way too much.I measured my hand to figure out the correct size as instructed and bought according to the sizing chart.  While it fit my palm ok, the gloves were way too long for my fingers and way too much cushion. I don't have odd hands and i've never seen this problem before with any other brand.  My pinky actually disappears in the glove when gripping the bar.  I had to cut a half inch off the fingers in order to make them fit. Problem now of course is sharp edges and the huge variation from padded gloves to bare fingers makes them unusable.I have learned my lesson buying harbinger gloves, they were expensive and not even remotely worth it.  This isn't the first time either.  I have bought them in the past, same exact problem.  Bulky, uncomfortable and didnt fit right and thanks to the excessive cushion it eliminates so much feeling  especially when doing the bench press with heavy weight it makes it dangerous.They need to do a bit more research on what makes a weight lifting gloves good while not going over kill and ruining the point, add gripping ability, cushion the hand from heavy weight, prevent calluses and keep your hands dry.  All while adding control and comfort.  As the saying goes, they should fit you like a glove and become part of your hand, so you can lift longer with heavier weight without destroying your hands.  These feel like a big mess and all you want to do is take them off.I was hoping to get used to them to break them in, I couldn't stand them.  I went back to my old gloves that are falling apart.
ripped by now :), It's been little more than a month since I had them, people have no shame making and selling this type of s*** knowing it's for the gym not for playing with yourself, I used the brand for the last 10 years, I have no respect for the brand anymore!
Stained my hands after 1st use, so threw in washer on light cycle, they fell apart, threw out rather than deal with return
Have not used these very much and they are already tearing on me and will not last much longer.  I will go with Valeo from now on
On my second workout the palm on one of the gloves tore.  I also found these gloves to be quite uncomfortable compared to other gloves.
This is a very thin glove. I mean almost not there. Like wearing a plastic glove.  What ever it is made of does not feel like leather or natural like it is advertising.
I have owned many weight gloves over the years. Many have lasted years and years of use. This pair is already loosing its threads and coming loose after only a month. I use many gloves and so I only used this one 1-2 a week max and it's already coming apart. I would not buy this again. Horrible product. Stay away. Company should check quality control on this product.
I just received the gloves and the left hand is one full size smaller (and believe me, my hands are the same size... I don't have the problem of having one hand being bigger than the other). Both gloves have a tag inside that say they are both M size, but the left is uncomfortably smaller. My best theory is that the warehouse some how accidentally attached a M-size-label to the left hand glove. Now what am I supposed to do with half a pair of gloves?
First off, the picture shows a nice looking sleeveless shirt that's snug around your shoulders and arm pits. However, the product is a cut out of the sleeves that goes all the way down to the lower part of your ribs! Returning to Amazon/Russell Athletic! I would NOT recommend this product to anyone!
The shoulders stick out several inches past the hole where the arm sticks out. It's like wearing a football jersey without sleeves or pads. Also, the arm holes are too large. Skip it.
Dissapointed, noone makes a good t-shirt anymore! I like the tank tops from russel but these shirts are horrible.The texture of the shirt is very very scratchy, and they wrinkle pretty bad. I only wear them around the house because of the wrinkling bull crap.  Well, on to the next brand to waste some more money on what is probably more chinese outsourced junk
I wear shirts like this as undershirts at work.  This one actually had me wishing I could go home and change.  The cotton is just too rough and when I am hot and sweaty at work it just makes it all the worse.  I threw it away.
ordered an XL, runs like a small Large.washed it three times, and it's still too itchy to wear.would not recommend.
They take up too much space, and given the size, you're better just taking the whole bottle.  I sent them back.
If you wrap your wrists properly, you'll see these are both too narrow and too short, way too short.Do not get these if you are hitting the heavy bag. They just won't protect/support your wrists or knuckles.
OK, I'm new to this, just got this to expand my exercise a bit.  So as I'm punching away, the bag has a tedency to spin a bit.  No matter how much I tighten it up, even with the lock washer, it spins the bolt right out of the nut.Don't bother with this, or if you get this, also buy a separate swivel mechanism.  I'm taking mine down and replacing it with something that acutally incorporates a swivel of sorts - the only "swivel" this allows is the bottom piece spinning, which puts the torque on the bolt which then spins out of the nut on top.
If you are a cheapskate and are willing to endure joint pain then this is the one for you.Ladies, if your husband buys this for you, then he needs to dip into his beer money. Do not think this is a product designed for training. It is too hard and made from the cheapest materials money can buy. I am sorry Neverlast, but you have a terrible name in the Boxing community for quality and understanding what athletes need.Buy bags with foam liners, perferribly 2.5 to 3 inch thick liners.Sorry, but avoid this junk.
I've returned two of these bags.  Both came in boxes that were previously opened (the original Everlast tape was cut open and retaped with clear packing tape.)  The bags were not packed consistantly.  Most importantly, what feels like sandbags were placed randomly just under the Nevatear cover. Great cover!  However, a few hard punches into packed rags and then a sudden hard shot into sand is unsafe.  I'm sure they make a good product, but I'm having a hard time getting one.  Gotta move on.
I got this to take to the range, it is very long which is nice, however it is poorly made.  The material is very thin and has a light plastic backing that will not hold up over the long term and forget about washing this, it won't make it.  I had to return mine as it was ripped.I don't recommend unless you just need something to lay your shotgun/rifle on but nothing more.Vidimo Se!
There are plenty of us burly folks with thick necks and a muscle or two, who do not want to feel squeezed in our attire. This ungenerous sweatshirt is composed of thin fabric cinched on top by a too-tight neck. I should have read David Marvin's true and informative 1-star review. This is over-priced for the low quality. I've bought thicker, better quality sweatshirts from WalMart. That's how cheaply made this thing is. I can't tolerate a tight neck pulling on me all day like a rabid dachshund; totally uncomfortable to say the least. As the group Little Big Town sings on their CDThe Reason Why, "There's a price for keeping me, I may be cheap, but I ain't free..." This cheap fuzzy offering in larger sizes (2x, etc.) turned out better:Soffe Men's Classic Crew Neck Sweatshirt.
I'm 6 foot 3 inches and after one trip through the washer and dryer on medium these things were just a few inches below my kneecaps.  What a joke.  And paying for return shipping was about 50% of the original price of the pants.  A real waste of money.
I ordered XLT and got a 4XL.  I mean it fit my 330 lb dad just fine but for me this was like a dress. I don't know what they were thinking when sizing these but it is craziness.
I bought 3 pairs of these Russell shorts and based on previous experience had no reason to think they would be anything but great. I put on the first pair to wear straight out of the box. In short order when I went to put something in the right pocket I realized it had no bottom. The pocket had not been sewn properly and was open and continuing to unravel.Amazon's customer service is usually great so I don't anticipate a problem but it is shoddy workmanship from a brand I have always trusted.
I am a very experienced rider product will not support  the bike  weight of my triathalon bike or my road bike without having to lean the weight  of the bike on a wall.It also interferes with my chain and caset .If you have and inexpensive bike.this will work.
this really shouldn't be purchased.  yea its cheap and it appears it might work, but really it doesn't.  the bike wants to fall over and it leans against the spokes.  spend $40 and get a good metal rack that holds the whole back tire.
While this appears nice on the outside it has BUNK internals. After installing weaver rings, a hassle all it's own, I mounted this on my rifle and found that there was not enough UP deflection available to even get on the paper at 50 feet. Bottom line is this is CRAP.
this scope is a 1.5 x 30 at best was not clear and has no way to adjust the focus.  not a good buy at all, the other scope that i purchased was just fine.
I got this scope thinking it would be good for the price.. but I was wrong. First off, my scope mounts were hard to get on it, like this scope is actually bigger in diameter than its supposed to be. Second, the cross hairs had no movement, like they were broken. I returned it the same day I got it.
Returned these polos before ever wearing them once.  Incredibly cheap and thin material-less than some of my t-shirts.  You can alsmot see through them and they look like they're about to fall apart.Spend the extra few bucks and get a quality shirt, these are worthless.
Fits ok in the chest, then flares out to accomodate a huge belly.As the average Joe in the Usa eats himself into oblivion, it is harder and harder for guys with athletic or normal BMI's to find shirts that are not cut like maternity blouses. This shirt it thick and too course to wear in the Tucson heat, even if I were to add 60 pounds to my belly to fill it out some.... Buy accordingly to your own phyical physical shape. If you need to try to "hide" your belly, and it isn't too hot, you will probably love this shirt.
The description on Amazon's page stated the tablets are 1"x1"x1".  Actual tablets received were only 1/2"x7/8" (CIRCLE, NOT CUBE!).I thought I could make my Esbit pocket stove economical to use with these tablets, but it actually takes two Coghlan's tablets to equal one Esbit.  The package claims a 9 minute burn time.  My test run actually yielded 10 minutes, however, due to the tablet's diminutive size, the heat output was notably lower than an Esbit tab.  My test run (one Coghlan's tab for 10 minute life)brought 1 cup of water up to about 150 degrees - barely hot enough to brew coffee(Esbit pocket stove, Snowpeak 600 mug, foil lid, windscreen was used).  While Esbit tabs completely disappear after a burn, the Coghlan's left a pile of ash at the end.  Chipping away this pile revealed a small amount of still burnable fuel underneath.It should be noted that the Coghlan's package made no claims about product dimensions - it was Amazon's site that made the false/misleading statement.Be aware of what you are actually ordering...
I was going the 'economy' route for a training gun.  I've since learned my lesson.This is soft rubber, not the hard rubber/plastic that you may be familiar with from other red guns.  The softness makes it too grippy, doesn't holster well, and it does stink (as others have mentioned).  Smell does diminish after a while (e.g. months and months).  It's been relegated to the bottom of my container of extra stuff.Unless you are looking for a toy, save your $$ and get something better.
I have a small infestation of German cockroaches and I was really hoping this product is the answer.  I received this in May 13, 2013 and have used it up until today. That's roughly a three weeks trial.Before I continue, I think it's fair to know some background on German cockroaches in particular.1. They are very small, normal adult size is the size of your pinky finger nail... so unless they're on the move it's hard to see them.2. They are the only breed of roaches I know of to eat their own kind when in need of food.  This is also how they develop tolerance to your typical baits from the hardware store.3. They choose to come out only at night, when lights are all off, and prefers to craw with both sides of their bodies in contact with a surface. This makes them hard to find, as they can only be found in small little cracks.4. For the adult female, they are the only breed that carries egg patches with them wherever they go, unlike the other breeds that left the egg in plain sight.  This makes particularly hard to eradicate because their offspring are as mobilized as their mother.This ultrasonic pest repeller although may worked out well for others, unfortunately did not work out for me.  Just yesterday, I've had two roaches crawling around in the kitchen completely oblivious to the ultrasound being produced from the machine.  They're still around going about business as usual, not a care in the world.
Do not buy these.  Unfortunately, like most things these days, the gloves are made overseas in a sweat shop, in this case Pakistan.  They are made cheap.  The worst part is the dye that was used to color the leather bleeds and bleeds.  I have thoroughly soaked these and wrang them out 100 times to try to get the dye out so they won't stain my hands, but no success.  You will have brown hands after you workout, and the stains are hard to wash off.  I just threw them out after 10 uses and ordered Harbinger Pro gloves.
Looks like I wasted my money on this. I should've taken 1 of the reviewers advice and not buy it. This jump rope clearly states that it has cancer causing chemical/materials. I was afraid of using it so I threw it away. Oh nevermind, I used it once but it isn't a great jump rope at all. For the price, you have a chance of getting cancer and a not so good quality piece of rope.
These weights are horrible if you ever actually remove the weight packets to adjust the weights. I bought both the 5 and 10 pound versions and both do the same. It does not matter how gentle you are. the little weight bags split open right off the bat, and when they do they leak grey, gritty, nasty sand everywhere. These are useless! I'm going to end up returning these both the same day they were opened. If there was a zero star option these would get that.
IT LAST me like 1month  of use, it sucks.. really really sucks.. i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces.. IT SUCKS DONT BUY IT.. NOT RECOMENDED AT ALL
It said it fit most. I did not fit into the category of "most". I was unable to use the item since it did not fit me.
I've been using these daily, and they are very comfortable, however, one of the straps has now started to rip after only a few months use...  I expected a little better life from these...
According to the instructions, this product can be used to tone the abs.  There are several videos on the internet showing fitness instructors demonstrating how to use the wheel.  I never could get coordinated enough to use it.  I'm not saying it doesn't work.  Just that I was not able to push and pull it as smoothly as it is advertised.
your gonna buy this thing just like me and use it once, dont kid your self, and why cant you just do crunches, hahaa dont kid your self guys,  i made the mistake
Fairly cheap construction. At 6'2" and 230lbs the wheel did support my weight just fine, but you can just feel how cheap this product is. Thin aluminum axle, cheap plastic-y grips, wheel is too thin and provides almost no stability. I could barely use this product.It would have been nice if specific attention had been called to properly assembling the unit, as I didn't get the grips lined up perfectly and they're practically impossible to adjust once you've put them on.Skip this product, there are wayyyy better options for a good ab workout.
It doesn't stay no matter how tight I make the belt.  I bend down to do dead lifts, and the belt rides up.  I've had personal trainers look at it and weren't thrilled either.
This is bonded leather and seemed pretty cheap to me, I will pay a bit more and get a belt of higher quality that I can depend on lasting and not bursting during a squat or DL
This belt is great, if you don't actually lift. When you start doing heavy squats, deadlifts, rack pulls, and overhead presses, you realize the flaws in this belt. There is not nearly enough support up front so the IAP is inadequate, and the thickness of the leather used is an absolute joke(although understandable given the price). The rough section of the leather tore entirely around the holes on mine(it's as if i'd taken a knife and cut through the rough gray portion and stopped at the black leather front portion rendering the belt unsafe and useless; and this was after approximately month of owning it. I used it twice a week on leg days, and twice a month I do OHP instead of seated dumbbell so it was worn no more than 10 times. My replacement is a Schiek competition power belt, and the difference in quality, weight, and thickness is staggering.Basically if you're the type that wears belts while you do preacher curls and pec dec, this is for you. If your goal is putting up big numbers on squats, deadlifts, OHP, rack pulls, etc... I sincerely hope you steer clear.
My experience with this band seems to be different than other reviewers.  The orginal band on my Seiko Aquamatic lasted only a few months.  Great watch,lousy band.  It was polyurethane and my experience is that polyurethane bands will crack and break.  This was advertised as a rubber watch band.  Real rubber will last for years though I haven't seen real rubber watch bands lately.  I ordered this as a replacement and in a year or so it also cracked and broke.  I replaced with with one I made myself from nylon webbing.  The Seiko watch on the other hand is a great self winding watch.  The one I have is my second one.  The first lasted many years of diving and hard wear.
I have the 80 lb Cobra crossbow pistol, which is great. It came with three of these aluminum bolts and I ordered an extra pack of 12 aluminum bolts. Well, these bolts are terribly fragile. The plastic rear section that includes the fletching (fins) is quite brittle and breaks off easily. Once it breaks, they are not repairable. What can cause them to break? Almost anything. A target that's a little too hard, a slightly angled impact, etc. Order the plastic bolts available from Amazon and other sites. These plastic bolts are single piece, molded with a metal tip and are virtually unbreakable. Occasionally a metal tip will come off, but they are easy to glue back on with Superglue or any strong adhesive.
Not at all impressed with this product. I attached it to my propane tank and then attached it my lantern. I was able to hear the gas flowing but was not able to get my Coleman North Star lantern to light. Completely disappointed because I was looking forward to using this during my next camping trip. I'm not sure why it isn't working but I'm thinking it's a pressure issue.
Hooked it up to a portable Weber grill, a Camp Chef dual burner stove and topped it off with a Coleman lantern. Everything worked for 5 seconds, then died down. I tried every combination, same thing. Perhaps, I got a defective unit, but I'm totally discouraged. I returned it and got a y-splitter instead.
At first glance this rack seems well designed.  In fact when I first put it on my car it felt very secure.  However, after 3 days I noticed that one of the inner arms was loose.  On closer inspection I realized that the screw that tightens the arm was defective and wouldn't tighten.  After pulling it out I wasn't surprised because the screw is made of plastic.  I couldn't believe it.  The entire rack was total garbage because of one plastic screw.  The screw is not replaceable with something from your local hardware store either.  It is a specialty screw with a large cap on it that lets you hand tighten it.  I can't believe that Saris would do this just to save a few bucks.  This rack went back to Amazon and good riddance.
Customer service wouldnt warranty a bad rim for us, so I had to buy one...which was out of stock. So was every other part for it.I get the rim with tire, and THAT TOO bends the first day. I was watching my son on it, he's inder the weight limit and never hit anything on it.Next, the charger stopped operating. I'm an industrial electrician (same schooling as construction but more intense in motors and controls) so I checked it out. The battery wouldnt hold a charge and the charger doesnt output anything. so, its wheelless and in the corner of the garage.Total run time: 5 hours.
At first it appeared to be functioning properly although we had some difficulty determining and then setting our correct stride length. Then, the second time we used it, it said we had walked .90 miles when the GPS on our cell phone said the distance was 3.82 miles. We reset it, walked 20 steps and looked at the display. It read 14 steps. We will return it today.
I tried it and tested in the same walking way 2 times, 2 different results.  I used it walking at home, just at home, and got several miles walked.  Crazy.  Simply don t buy because it don t work.
This bag is a piece of junk. The D-Rings pull apart quickly, the sandbags inside shift incredibly quickly and will suddenly make you feel like you've punched a bag of concrete. Someone training hard could break bones in their hand, sprain a wrist, this bag is DANGEROUS. The material of the bag is slick, if you have sweat on your gloves a punch can slide right off the side of the bag. If you're actually training, not just doing some light cardio, spend some real money and get a real bag. Everlast apparently isn't the legend of boxing equipment they used to be.
Brought this on my recent camping trip. The clasp that holds the panel where the batteries opens way to easily. I had to close it several times during my camping trip.
The knife you will receive is the newer BSA Explorer not the Yeoman that is pictured. While the Explorer is a fine knife (I already have a couple) it is not what I wanted. I wanted a 3 layer SAK with magnifying glass and in line Phillips screwdriver. The Explorer is a 4 layer knife, too thick for my every day use. This is a great knife if you want a BSA Explorer but not if you expect a Yeoman.
Screws strip out very easy. The rail is ok but it is very easy to strip the screws. Spend more money and purchase a better rail.
I bought this hoping to be able to install it on my Ruger Mini 14 Target Model.  While it does fit, it is impossible to expect any good results from using it.  I was able to loosen the rail with just a few slaps of my hand against it.  I was afraid to put too much torque on the screws as they felt like they would strip out easily.  It does not have dovetails on the bottom of the rail like you find on the bottom of the Ruger Scope Rings.  If this was really designed to work with the Ruger Integral Mounts then I don't see it.  It has one small half moon stud that attempts to be a dovetail.  It needs two to even begin to work.  It makes me wonder if the people that made this (I'm guessing PRC) have even seen what the Ruger mounts look like.  Save your money and buy something else.
another piece of junk everytime I fire empty shells hit the mount :( and cant move it its fixed refund please
Don't waste your money on this item. The mounting points wore down and became useless after less than 300 rounds.
It's a cheap rail that tends to loosen when shooting .223. I took mine off and don't even use it anymore. I'll sell you mine on Ebay.
Not bad.  I only give it a 3 because the screws are a little short and you can mount it in only one direction to get all four mounting holes.  I had to mount it in reverse direction and used only 3 holes for my wifes mount because she needed the scope back farther because she is small.  Solid mount with all four screws for sure.04/29/13Had it mounted and loved it because I could see my hard sights.  My rifle rolled off of the shooting bench, the end of the barrel hit the dirt and filled with dirt about half inch in, the butt of rifle then proceeded to fall to the ground and the corner of the scope touched the ground first. Made the bracket loose.  Went to check why and the front screw was stripped out.  I am just glad I used all four holes rather than three.  Thought oh well now my rifle is messed up.  Went to install the stock rail and when I did the front screw held.  the reason why it stripped was because the screws are all too short and they only thread in half way rather than all the way into the meatal.  Change the screws and you will have a good product. Better yet get differnt mounts that you can see through and it will be even better.  Scope sits high in the air with this mount and cannot touch your cheek to the stock.  My wife hates it so I am changing hers over to what I have so I am really not using either of them.
As stated in previous reviews, there are several issues with this product.I must start with, in my past experience, I've had GREAT luck with NcStar scopes.Hands down, I own several and have had not a single issue with ANY of them.  Bang for the buck they're almost unbeatable.However, that being said, I must state that this rail that is claimed to fit the Mini family by Ruger is horribly inaccurate.When I removed it from the NcStar box and began inspecting it, immediately I noticed that not one, but all BUT one of the holes were poorly machined and virtually thread-less.The base machining was a few degrees off so the rail would not actually sit flat on the receiver.The brackets were faced, left-hand, right-hand & even when I dug up some screws from my garage (after tapping to a larger size) fit horribly.Whether you install the rail, extension forward, or extension rearward, the rear factory iron sight MUST be removed for proper fit.  And quite honestly, because of the height of the rail, even if you could leave it installed it would be useless anyways.Long story short, even after machining the tab off the bottom (guessing this was supposed to act as a key-way for the rail, but wasn't aligned with the orientation of the poorly machined mounting holes, etc), the drilling and re-tapping of the mounting holes for proper hardware, I found this rail a complete and utter disappointment.In a cross comparison, this 15$ rail wasn't much different than the 45$ rail I found on the web.  They were both poorly machined, the NcStar seemed to be made of cheaper aluminum, while the 45$ arrived polished with a clear anodizing.  *shrug*  Both had horrible mounting brackets and poorly machined holes.At least now I can say I've finally had a NcStar product I didn't like.  This rail went right in the trash and I'm working on my own custom mount and rail system for the Mini's. ;)
it mounted ok, and you could clearly see the factory sights. but once I mounted a scope on it i found it ws not square and the scope would not aline. I tried to shim it it but the front was just way higher than the back!
Do not waste your hard earned money. This product is very cheaply made and does not even rate in my book as toy quality. It arrived with a  bad paint job, missing a screw, and with a crack in the stock. Absolute crap.
Although I used this thing gently and only filtered about 4 gallons of water through it total, the lower nipple broke off when I removed the silicon inlet tube. I'd read other reviews where folks complained of a weakness in the design of this area, but assumed they were careless in their use of the filter. All I can say is that I was especially careful with mine and still it broke off. Now the filter is useless. If I had it to do over again, I would not buy this filter. Of course, I recommend that you do not buy this, as it will leave you in a pickle some day when you need water. If you buy it anyway, please carry iodine tablets, or have some other backup water source--you'll need it.
prior versions were impregnated with iodine and lasted me about 4 years of hiking about two weeks a year - that's a lot!not this. lasted one year, clogged on a mountainside.at nearly the same price as a SteriPEN Traveler Handheld UV Water Purifier (which is on sale for forty bucks today at amazon), the writing is on the wall for Katadyn. UV + backup chlorine tablets = lightweight, dependable, quick and cheap!
Long story short---the intake nipple might break off. My filter broke as shown in the picture, and if you look around at reviews you will see that it has happened to more than one person. Mine broke while on a river trip---luckily another person on the trip had a different filter so I didn't have to resort to boiling or tablets.Remember, a good risk assessment looks at how likely it is that a malfunction will occur AND the severity of the consequences if one does.Would you trust a climbing rope that only occasionally breaks? Car brakes that almost always work? A parachute that usually opens? I know the good reviews sound really good (they suckered me in)---but wanting it to be a reliable filter does not make it one. You have been warned!BTW, good Katadyn customer service---they sent me a new filter body for free. This time I beefed up the intake nipple by filling the well in which it sits about half-way up with JB Weld. This leaves room for the hose to fit on the nipple while strengthening the failure point where the nipple joins the filter body. This has worked well so far---why didn't Katadyn redesign this themselves? (My failure happened two years ago---they have had time to fix their design.)Always have a backup, regardless of which filter you buy. Good luck!
I fell in love with their CAMP product several years ago on a group bike trip.  Our guide had one and it was fantastic for five of us.After buying I discovered they had changed the filter technology from using a high capacity ceramic filter (Camp model) to a disposable filter with a max life of 200 gal (Base Camp model).  Now the product has no more capacity than a personal bottle filter.  The fault is mine since 'Features' text is accurate.I give it a low score because it no longer fulfills it purpose as a high capacity camp filter, due to cost and hassle of replacement filters.  I would also not recommend for your emergency kit, because of the limited filter capacity.A+ DesignD- CapacityF-  Total Cost (filters add up)If you are in Europe, you can still buy the Camp model with the ceramic filter that yields 5,000 gal life.[...]
This device is perfect for a larger group. Setup was easy. On first use we didn't get any flow, but I figured the filter needed to be primed. Once the filter is saturated and the flow is going it is effortless. Just hang it and fill your bottles.UPDATE 9/2/2013Took it on a backpacking trip, and we had a hand pump along also as a backup that used the same filter. Bag worked great for a few days--probably 6 gallons of filtered water--then slowed to a useless dribble.Assumed the filter was sediment plugged even though it looked fine. Swapped out the new filter from the hand pump and it was working again.But here's the thing--we put the supposedly "clogged" filter from the Base Camp bag into the hand pump and it worked fine.My guess is that the pressure of the gravity-fed bag is nowhere near what a pump model is.Ultimately ended up being very disappointed in this.
I followed the instructions as the instructions said.Thick  blue stuff came out of the tube when I was cleaning it.  I tested the water for particled before and after . The reading was higher AFTER I had cleaned it and ran tap water through it. It was really slow to filter and did not perform to my expectations. I'll not use this and it will be in my junc to get rid of pile. Buy a Sawyer filter and you won't worry about having to replace the expensive filter this thing has. I would have returned this thing but I didn't test it before the return period was over.
The Stove comes with no canister!!! Take into consideration when buying it. you're just paying more than 30$ for a small piece of metal.... This is called cheating! i expected canister with fuel at least. The description doesn't say (for the time i'm submitting the review) that the product comes without canister. im disappointed as far as i am going camping/backpacking in a week and i really needed and counted on that f**king stove:(((((
Annoying rope. Didn't do a great trick, I was disappointed with the product.5 family members worked with it, all disappointed.
This is nothing more than a rope with velcro and leather on the end so save you money. No other trick is possible
My 6-yr-old's needs are pretty slim for a metal detector.  As long as he hears a noise he's usually good to go.  Unfortunately, this thing had no metal detecting ability short of being placed on top of the item.  If the item was barely placed under the dirt it couldn't find it.  The &#34;meter&#34; was either off or full.I honestly can't believe the positive reviews.  This was sent back to Amazon this afternoon, so I'll keep looking.  It seems like all of the detectors in this price range get similar reviews, but I just can't be getting my son anything more technical.
This worked on the coins inside my house, but I had no luck with it outside in the yard.  I returned it.
Item was obviously defective. I assume they pump those out of the Chinese factory with zero quality control. Was to be a birthday present and we are unable to get another one in time. Very disappointed with this product and its quality. Would have been great for a 9 year old had it worked like it was supposed to.EDIT: We ended up getting this detector instead:Ground EFX MC1 Youth Metal DetectorStill made in China, but it works great and has a waterproof coil so he can use it at the beach. I tested it in my own yard and found a screw driver and several caulk tubes that were left by the builders. On Christmas, we went around great-granny's yard and found all kinds of stuff! The kids love it.
I can't understand what's up with all the great reviews for this thing, it has absolutely no range at all. Might be able to find coins scattered along well maintained lawns but don't expect to actually find anything underground unless it's a BIG hunk of metal and closer to the surface.The only reason why I bought this was to find arrows that went under the grass in my backyard, so I figured a cheap unit should work ok. I shoot 250grain (about a half ounce) steel field tips so they are a pretty substantial lump of metal. After receiving the unit, I took an arrow with me outside for testing. I slid the arrow into the dirt, underneath the grass and tried to find it with the detector. Nothing. Next I took the arrow out of the dirt and just slid it underneath some taller grass. Nothing. Next I took the arrow and dropped it on top of the grass and finally got a faint beep out of the thing. I had to put the metal detector directly on top of the arrow head, about an inch away for it to register a strong audible. Repeated the same test with arrow and leaves/grass with same results. Had to be directly on top, about an inch away to really register. Worthless.My kid saw me testing this thing and wanted to try it out. With the poor performance of this unit, he gave it back to me after 10 minutes. Even more worthless.Item is getting returned.
After one use, the interior coating started coming off.  Tried to use it again and more coating came off as we were melting butter.  Bought it in January and first used it on a trip we came back from 2 days ago.  Wound up tossing it and buying a $6 pan at the local dollar store.
I lift pretty heavily 5 days per week and these gloves just couldn't take it. The seams split down the sides within a few months, as did finger seams. The material on the palms wore out to the point of holes. The wrist straps were pretty flimsy.Don't buy these junk gloves. Buy these instead:Harbinger 130 Classic WristWrap Glove (Black). I've been using these for 2-3 months now and they're solid. No tearing or damage.
I was very disappointed in these balls. They are way smaller balls than I usually like to pick up and that made me not want to use them.
Do not buy this if you are expecting a full sized medicine ball. This one fits in the palm of your hand
These gloves are crap. The sewing and stitching is very sub par but they cost as much as other brands that are made better. I had these for a week and a half and the velcro clasp came off both sides. The stupid &#34;diamond stitch palm pads&#34; grip nothing. I've brought flimsy bicycling gloves that held up better than these. Not happy with this product at all. Disclaimer is that I work out with heavy weights 5x a week and use them for a daily 10 mile bike ride 5x a week. So I may be a little more active then the average person but still. They should market these gloves for light activity or something. Maybe just yoga or something I dont know but I dont like this product.
Unlike most low-star-reviewers of this product, mine did actually come with all the parts in the box. I made sure to be gentle when handling this product because I could tell it wasn't the greatest quality, especially the part that holds the weights, which is arguably the most important. I used this probably 3 times a week, and the grips began to wear out after about 3 months, when I started getting black residue on my hands following use. At 4 months, the product became unusable after the threads for the nut on the very bottom became stripped and would no longer support any weight. The 2 threaded parts on this product should be thicker and more durable.Now I'll be looking for a different &#34;forearm blaster&#34; to replace this one.
Pretty useless.The holster hung up when trying to release the gun and the string is in the way of release.With the stiching on the  top edge it always got hung up upon release.Extra bullets are useless, because if you ever really needed them in a hurry, its imposible to reload this little gun fast. It is just more weight in your pocket.Sent the holster back for refund and bought one by Consealment Holster Solutions. Real quality product and real leather at a bargain price.
Smelled like pvc.  let me be clear, I returned it because I don't think it is made of safe material.  The company took it back without question and they were great to work with.  I do think the description needs to include the components of manufacture.  It wasn't till I received it and was blown away by the odor that the went to the company's website where they provide more information.  The product itself seemed very solid.
update: We've had this for a little over a year and it's become worthless due to leaking. I've cleaned the diaphragm in the valve and soap tested it and it's not leaking. Apparently there's a bad seam in it somewhere. It was a very good bed until it started leaking but we only used it 8 or 10 nights before that happened.------------------------------------------My wife and I pack with llamas. We're around 60 and a thin pad leaves us too stiff in the morning so we decided to give this thing a try.  Since the critters carry the load, a little extra weight is ok. Before we bought it, I emailed Aerobed to ask how many inflations we can expect from a fully charged pump. They said 7 to 8.  I charged the pump and kept filling and dumping it until the pump ran down. I got 7 easily. The 8th was really dragging down the pump and it left the mattress a little softer than we like. The pump is VERY fast, too. It takes 1 min 20 sec to get it to the firmness that we like, which is pretty firm. The valve allows it to be used with several alternate types of pumps and on an extended back country trip, I would recommend taking a backup of some kind, just in case.In all fairness, the 1st one we got did lose about 1/2 it's air in 4 hrs. Amazon had a replacement one on the way the same day that I requested an exchange. They also gave me a call tag to print out to cover the return shipping. This one works perfectly. I sure can't fault Amazon's service.It's not our Sleep Number bed from home, but it's very satisfactory sleeping compared to a 2" self inflating pad like we've been using.Any airbed is cold on cool nights. We use a couple thin ensolite pads under the sleeping bags and we stay plenty warm.Most mattresses take forever to deflate and are very hard to get the air out to put them in a bag or roll up. This thing has a huge air release valve. If you're on it when you pop the valve, you're going down fast enough to get bruised when you hit the ground. I've never see a mattress that will dump the air as fast as this one.
This could be my fault, but for some reason I thought these would be sold as a set.  Haven't even used this because my daughter needed two pairs so we ordered one purple set and one red set, so we thought.  Instead, we received just one wrist band in each color.  I thought the price was great, was a little less than other ones I saw, until I realized this price is for one band.
Great value on a case of Hothands but the take over an hour to heat up and never got really as toasty or warm. A good pair of wool inner gloves work as well as this product
It is really odd how this product was $13 one dad then $26 the next.  Not worth it at the current price.
Speedminton, the worst sports I've ever played, and another good money lost. do not play this game, play something else
This pedometer has plenty of features, is sturdy, and definitely stays attached, but it's very difficult to calibrate accurately and even after a reasonably accurate setting it somehow figures out how to give false measurements.  I run on a 1/4 mile track and after 3 miles this pedometer read 3 1/2 miles, which is far too inaccurate for it to be of any use.  I don't suggest anyone get this unless it's just to get something to give you an approximate idea of how many steps you take in a day.
Shipping was quick, but this wasn't even close on accuracy. On a known course, it was off by 10%. If you want an &#34;eye-ball&#34; guestimate of what you accomplished, this might be ok, but if you're interested in accurate measurements, pay a little more and get something better
This is my second pair.  The first pair were damaged, the Rayban box they came in was damaged, but not the outside box.  I returned them and am still awaiting my refund.Immediately after returning these I ordered a second pair and they had the same defect, (nose pads/fit couldn't adjust/loose sloppy fit) so I took them to two local opticians and was told the same thing.  They pointed out issues normally associated with pirated items, such as the screws holding in the stems were of different colors/length, polarization not strong, glue residue where it should never be, different box than the model the glasses came in, damage in the glasses and inside boxes but the outside shipping boxes were undamaged and clean.
Worthless. Broke on the first day. Only good as a stage prop... They refused to return it because it was missing one of the arrows. I would not recommend this toy.
I bought this as a practice crossbow and the string broke when putting it together. I called the company any they sent me a new string, it broke again, It's a waste, don't but it.
This things sucks, to put it lightly (I had to, sorry.)It's flimsy, so it's almost impossible to aim the light where you want it. It's cheap, it flickers like a dying fluorescent bulb, which is super annoying and required me to smack it a few times, and finally - it's SUPER BRIGHT. It will keep your cortisol flowing [natural wake-up response to sunlight emitting in the room]. If I could contact Doc from BTF and take a time machine in the past to never purchase this garbage, I would. Stay away, run, don't walk.
Feels good. Fits well. Haven't tested it yet, as the rifle it is to be put on is at the gunsmith's being Cera-coated. But I have no doubt at all that it will work as well as it is advertised.
The mask kinda gets the job done and will guard your head from oncoming paintballs, but you CAN NOT USE THIS MASK IF IT IS WARM OUT!  After about 3 minutes of playing in warm weather, because it's a full head mask, it will fog up to the point where you can't see a thing, and will become extremely hot.  Do not get full head masks, they're just too hot and fog up (even in the winter).  Get a face mask, and if you don't like paint in your hair, just wear a baseball hat backwards...
In a period of only 13 days, the fabric is pilling so badly I can't wear them anymore.  The purchase was a waste of money in my opinion, as the fabric is very poor quality.  The fit is great because of the elastic at the bottom, but the fabric didn't last.  I cannot recommend buying this...sadly my search for great sweat pants continues.....
I was looking for a skinnier and lighter wavemaster for adult woman but what i got was more of a child wavemaster. It is short and although I was looking for skinny i did not expected it to be so thin. Currently i am using it but it gets tipped easily and even smaller woman can knock it down with a simple front kick.  If it was a 30 lbs heavier and a Little taller it would be a great item.
Bought this around the end of January '14, had it filled and just got around to using it (April 2, '14)  Defective valve. At first the plunger wouldn't go down to release gas, then when it did, it wouldn't come up and emptied the entire bottle. Of course the return period has expired. This is supposed to have a one year warranty. Who cares.So I am $24 in the hole. Had it retested and same thing- leaks gas. Rather than throw good money after bad, this product is headed to the dumpster. I can buy a new bottle ( and already have) for less that the added cost of shipping this off to be repaired.I should have read the reviews including the negative ones. Having done so afterward, see that defective valves are frequent