So it worked well for a couple weeks, but during a lunge workout, it snapped on me.  I liked it and thought it was a great product until this happened.  I noticed small rips on the band.  This could have been the issue.
I have several different bands and these are the least likable, they do not stretch enough and make it way to difficult to use
As most exercise products, these were used a few times, and stored away in the bag for a few months. I took them out to start using them again after a car accident has kept me off the free weights, and the bands are starting to discolor and fade. Makes me nervous that the integrity of the rubber is weakening...
used it for a year or so and definitely have had to buy better equipment. the skinny cleaning rod- snapped.. the thicker cleaning rod- also snapped. i'm not one to apply heavy force on these, they're just very soft/cheap. the brushes are decent enough. after spending cash on a nicer kit, i guess i learned my lesson. if you have the funds skip and buy something a little nicer.
There's not much good to say about this item, other than it can give you some temporary entertainment before it goes into a closet.  The 9' rug that's attached is folded rather than rolled, so I am still waiting after 2 days for the folds to level out into a flat surface.  The little flag stick does not stand up in the hole behind the cup.  The plastic base is very thin and could easily be ruined with one step or fall onto it.  The ball return does not always return the ball, so you have to fiddle with it from time to time to get the ball to pop out.  There are 'no batteries required' because you must be within a few feet of a wall outlet to plug it in.I used to have something similar in the 80s that was made of thicker plastic and was just the tray and ball return - you would putt across your carpet or hard floor, so I get the idea.  But this one just isn't worth the money if you want it for more than just a novelty toy.  As an alternative if you are more serious about putting practice indoors, I reviewed theSKLZ Vari-Break Putting Course, which has better carpet and some foam 'breaks' you can put under it, although it has no ball return or backstop.
I had waited a while trying to flatten out the &#34;green&#34; since it was all kinked and bumpy from being rolled up for storage and shipment.  I hadn't thought of ironing it like another reviewer mentioned they did.I've had a small auto-return cup, the &#34;normal&#34; style, that my 10 year old and I use around the house, but I never cared for just having that piece only, and having to putt across the carpet.  So I liked that this gave a better surface to putt over.  It is considerably better than just using carpet or hard flooring.However, that's about where the good things I can say about this ends.  It's not very well made.  The first real dislike I had was the fake background.  It slides into a slot, which would be fine, except they put VELCRO on this.  Anyone who knows Velcro knows that it's not something that can &#34;slide&#34; into place.  The fasteners start to catch as soon as you get this in place, so you can't just insert it.  It would've been MUCH better to just have been held by friction and pressure.  You can kind of almost get it in alright if you very carefully pull it as hard against the &#34;front&#34; of the slot as you can to try to keep all the Velcro from attaching, but it's not something that should even be an issue.  I ended up just putting it inside a box tipped on its side to catch any balls that would jump the rear ledge when my son gets a little enthusiastic about his swing.The plastic is some pretty low grade material as well, the kind that cracks pretty easily.The cord has a pretty average length, so at least it's not too short to reach an outlet somewhere without having this right up against the wall. But I've seen better ball return systems.  I thought at first it may just be because I had it in the box so it wasn't quite set up the way it &#34;should&#34; be, but even removing it from there, I encountered many instances of having to scuff my foot along the &#34;green&#34; to wiggle it enough to get the ball to activate the system.  Sometimes that wasn't enough and I had to walk up to it and nudge with my foot to get it to return.  The return power at least was adequate to get the ball back to me.The length of the green is good, but I would have preferred something with a little more solid of a base, some heavier rubberized base, so that you could store it rolled up again, but still have it lay flat as soon as you unrolled it.  This stuff tends to keep those bends in it slightly when you pull it out to use again.  I can see keeping it with the cheaper stuff if they were concerned about weight, but I would've preferred something heavier to lay flat instantly when I want to use it.All told, I'm just not very impressed with this one other than the putting surface itself once I get it to stay flat.
The idea is nice, and you can tell that the designers and engineers envisioned a better product.Pros: The ball return works great. It returns the ball if it enters the cup or either trap, It does not work if you use the pin (flag), however. I actually like the 3-D lenticular background; I think it was a nice touch.Cons: Cheaply made. The base is made from thin plastic. The glue that keeps the mat attached to the plastic base came off in shipping. The mat has a bump from being folded in the box for shipping. The velcro that attaches the background scenery to the base comes unglued easily and the scenery is very difficult to install and remove, you have to push it between two pieces of velcro. There is a gap  in the plastic base behind the hole that seems to serve no function. There is exposed glue on the velcro in back as it crosses over this gap. If the pin is placed in it's hole, it blocks the ball return!!!!! It does indeed need no batteries, it must be plugged in! This is not enhanced convenience.I might consider this a toy, more than a serious practice mat, but it is not sturdy enough for children.
I have to laugh at this one. The cheesy picture behind the hole, the fake &#34;traps&#34;, the generally terrible build quality...it's so lame it is in fact kind of funny. But for 40 bucks the joke's on you if you buy it.At least it does return the ball. For that it gets an extra star.I'd give this four stars at 15, and five at 10. But all of these astroturf-y putting matts are basically the same, so look on craigslist and find one for five bucks, there's always lots around. Or buy one here for far less than this. Or just use a glass on its side on the rug. But OMG, then you have to take a couple steps and get the ball yourself!One tip: put tiny little tea bags etc under the matt at various places for a more realistic roll, makes it more fun too.
I own at least a dozen of the lodge cookware pieces and love them very much but this is not such a great thing. I went through the normal in the oven seasoning that always works just great but this thing warped like a potato chip! It did flatten back out as it cooled but everytime I put it on my two burners to use, it warps again making it very rocky on the stove top and my pancakes looked like Picasso made them. It always flattens back out but it's really a pain in the ah hum to use. The grill side set off all the smoke detectors and left a greasey film on everything in my whole house and I was only using a med low burner, well, at least the door stopped squeeking! It is also a bit to narrow for two rows of pancakes unless you make them very small and the center doesn't get hot enough. Just when you thought you've experienced all the unpleasantness of this pan, you then go to clean it and discover you'd be better off just throwing it out in the yard for the dogs to lick clean! I love you Lodge, I really do but I'll stick to outside grilling and my larger lodge skillet for hotcakes, the 13 inch round pan is a dream as are all the other pieces I own. As for this heavy sticky thing well, I may try it out on my fire ring next cookout and if that doesn't work out, it's yard sale time!
This must be more ideal for a handgun.  The locking bar did not fit behind the trigger on my AR-15, Remington 12 gauge, nor my Reuger .22.  The instructions state that the bar does not have to go behind the trigger, however, when I tried that, I could still manage to pull the whole thing and activate the trigger on the AR and shotgun.  The .22 was the only gun I had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved.  I should have returned it, but I was lazy.
It didn't work on an AR -15, AK 74, or a Remington 870 shotgun.  After I adjusted and squeezed the two pieces together as tight as I could, I could still provide enough force to twist the unite sideways and to engage the trigger.  I was trying to save money, but you can't save money if it doesn't work.  The weakness is that it doesn't have pins that surround the trigger AND the trigger guard. All it has is a single &#34;rachet post&#34;.Imagine having a single post in front of your trigger (hopefully behind the trigger) that is held secure only by the pressure of the two sides squeezing together. The unit works only if you can squeeze it tight enough around the grip or the slide to hold it in place.  Weak!!!The Pro Lok is an EXCELLENT lock!!  (But $34)  It has lighting speed access, movable pins to get infront and BEHIND the trigger, it has a key if you want, and an extra enclosed chain if you want.  That provides a rock solid hold on the trigger, and two other forms of backup if you want it. (key and chain)I am not sure why this lock has so many good reviews.  It makes me feel like I am missing something here.  If I am missing something, please leave a reply and I can change my review.
I purchased two of these for my Glock and my AR.  Neither one fits on securely due to the shape of the lock.  I have tried to attach these to both my firearms in various ways to get a solid, secure hold and each time I am able to twist and move the lock enough to gain access to the trigger.  I thought this product was exactly what I was looking for, but it does not serve its purpose
Works great on firearms with a fixed trigger guard.However, on my two lever-action rifles, it's not very effective -- probably no surprise, given the design. On an older Winchester 94, I can get position it to lock the trigger guard and trigger together, with some effort. On a Winchester 9422, it attaches itself to the trigger guard, and it just slides off of the trigger itself when the lever is used. The rifle can be loaded, cocked, and fired with the lock still in place.
If it's 20lb test, SAY that it's 20lb test.  Don't do the "20/8lb" nonsense.  It means it's 20lb test with the same diameter as "normal" 8lb test monofiliment.  What's up with that?  When did fishing become a techno-weenie adventure?Not at all what I wanted.I'm dropping the staars for a very confusing product description.  I can't use it on my reels, and can't rate it as a fishing line, but the guy I gave it to was very happy to get it for salmon fishing.
4 month update!well after about 4 month it has completely lost it's sharpening ability. minding that i do a lot of cutting, and I used this on every knife around the house. However i was hopping that the diamond edge will hold longer. all an all i'm going to switch to sharpening stones.My Initial review:Sharpens the knives like never before! you need to know how to use a sharpening rod though ( plenty of youtube videos on it). rod usually alight the blade and not sharpen it though with this one you can sharpen the blade. works very well on a variety of steel grades.
Product arrived missing the Green 1200 grit stone.  I only received the Red 600 grit, and Blue 325 grit stones.  Although DMT makes a great product, I think these sharpening stones are too small and awkward for sharpening knives.  I will stick with the Diafold sharpeners from DMT.
So you gain a nice, checkered, flatter surface on your classic SD. You lose your toothpick and your tweezers. Sound like a good deal on a multi tool that is that thin and small to begin with?Honest, I was about to order one. How cool would it be to have a larger Alox tool AND it's little brother? How cute would that be if they matched?! But, then I thought about how not having the extra few tools would stink, added to the fact that the classic SD is already super tiny to begin with. So tiny, it literally will disappear if misplaced.. It just didn't make any sense to me.My guess is that if you have an Alox style companion to this, you might want it. But I do, and I don't want it for the reasons listed. It simply doesn't add any value when you lose tools on an already super slim product. You're paying more for less, essentially. I don't like throwing money away, so I'll stick with my classic SD cellidor scales for now. My honest opinion of course. Take with a grain of salt.
OK, so my main complaint on this knife is, it is seriously the smallest knife known to man. I realize there is a size listed in the description, but honestly, who really expects a Swiss Army Knife to be so small the blade is nearly microscopic? I'm not even sure what task you could actually accomplish with this toy - maybe opening a letter? I got this, intending to give it to my 9-year-old on a father-son camping trip, as a sort of right-of-passage on his journey to becoming a man. Somehow, I don't think it will have quite the impact I was hoping for, given that I lose the knife in my own hand, it's so small.Again, I know there is a description that gives 2 1/4&#34; as a length, but seriously, nobody needs a knife this small.  I would return it, except I'm not sure it's worth the cost of return shipping.
Looked forward to replacing my Classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well.  The two halves of the scissor bind and only open partially unless you manually assist it each stroke.  So I ordered a new one.  It arrived, incorrect style, quickly corrected by Amazon customer service.  But the correct knife arrived and was a continued quality disappointment.  The scissor feature on the new one is as bad as the old one.  I have many Swiss Army knives and have previously believed their quality and customer service were first rate.  I contacted SA and received a response stating they would look into my quality concern.  A couple weeks went by and they replied that their scissor spring had not changed.  Period.  Hardly addresses the poor performance I reported to them.  And the spring was never the problem anyway.  The two cutting faces of the scissor are too tight.Bottom line ... Poor or deteriorating product quality and sadly poor customer service to match.
I agree with all of the other reviewers here that say the key ring is at the wrong end of this &#34;Knife&#34; making the knife unusable while atached to your keys.The construction of everything Victorinox is first rate, no doubt, but I can't understand why these are made this way.
Todays version of this knife doesn't come even in thin plastic container-it comes in only thin paper box. The shiny handle material on mine was all scratched. The distributors of Swiss Army knife here in States got a bit cheap on its presentation of a fine knife. I remember when I bought Victorinox years ago and it was in a nice box inside of which was made in a special shape to accommodate shape of knife. Now they don't include instruction manual, knife can be scratched, and it (knife) just dangles in thin paper box. Not a good present for someone indeed. But as tool it is quite good.  If you want to give someone a present repackage it yourself.  Again new knife came all scratched up, maybe manufacturer in Switzerland don't know that American distributors just screwing up here.  I hope for the sake of a good knife they will.Update: Retuned this one to Amazon for replacement.  Got new one today.  It looks the same-plastic handle all scratched up, won't return this one, but won't consider it as a present to someone either.
The Swiss Card is only useful if you need something to fit in a wallet. For a few dollars more, the Leatherman Micra has a much superior scissors, a better nail file, more screwdriver options, an easier-to-handle knife, and a bottle opener. The Leatherman Squirt is even better, and not that much more.
I am a big fan of the peppermint version of this line of soap, and the Hemp Tea Tree was as good in terms of functionality... but it smelled very strong, and it had a vague aroma of gasoline, which I'm not a fan of bathing myself in.I thought I was going crazy, but other people who used it said the same.weird. But if that's what you're into, you'll love the soap.
This soap made me realize how much I like soap lather.  I never felt clean using this because it doesn't lather.  I would use some with a loofa, and I'd have to add more 2-3 a shower session.  I was going through way more of this than I would regular body wash!  I'm sure it was cleaning just fine, but I have oily skin and need the &#34;reassurance&#34; soap lather provides.Basically, if you have OCD like me you may want to avoid this soap.
The metal mounting clips scratched the edges of my trunk lid. I'm more meticulous than the average person and was still not able to place the clips in such a way that they would not wear on the lip of my trunk lid. This issue also made the mounting process inconveniently long. I since added a tow hitch and hitch rack and am very happy with that setup. Overall quality seemed pretty good.
I'm convinced that these mattresses have the wrong type of valve. It has a small nipple and after you inflate the mattress you push in on it to retract the valve back inside of the mattress. The valve is just like the valve is on a cheap beach ball.One other thing I didn't like was the size. The add say's it's 26.5 wide but when you blow it up it's less which makes for too tiny of a mattress if you're using it for sleep instead of a water floatation raft.I had bought several of these for camping and returned them all and replaced them with the same companies ( INTEX ) extra wide mattresses. The valves on the extra wide are totally different. They're made with a hard vinyl valve that's recessed into a hard vinyl pocket. The valve is made so when you put air in it won't come out. It has a stop on the inside if the valve that's like a flap that closes when air starts to escape. To deflate you just unscrew the valve and it deflates in seconds.I would highly recommend ( anyone interested in a great quality mattress ) the INTEX extra wide. Only 6 dollars more.
This mattress is too narrow to be comfortable. You fit on it fine but because of the air, I found that it was a balancing act to switch positions. I tried more and less air to no effect. I think if you sleep on your back and stay in that position it would be fine but unfortunately that is not how I sleep. The strong vinyl smell does go away after airing out though.
Thin material, no patch kit includedI think that says it all, I don't expect this to last.It will be OK for company at the house but its too thin to expect it to survive camping trips.I have always received a patch kit with this type of blow-up item but none was included.
The Coleman 4 D Battery Quick Pump takes 4 D-size batteries which will give you loads of time to blow up a mattress but the darn thing is loud and sounds like the bearings are bad.  Right out of the box this thing sounded like it was going to burn up or seize.  The volume of air expelled is fine for blowing up a bed but I would not recommend that it be used to blow up a raft.  The unit just doesn't have the pressure/power to even do a bicycle tire although it is not intended for that purpose.
It's rechageable which means it is for convenience.Yes, it's quite convenient and works well.However, it's rechageable which means the battery won't last forever.After less than 50 times of recharging, it dies.I recommend 12V or 120v one if you can use power outlet at the site.
This put a pretty good blade on my kitchen knife set (Calphalon) the first few times I used it.  Since then, it seems like it doesn't work at all.  I'm using the same recommended technique, but no longer getting any results on my knives.
I dont know the condition the item was stored in, but I had serious emulsion problems. Parts of the images would not develop or would show up discolored. In the future I plan to purchase from a local reputable camera store
It's just not enough cushion for my poor tail bone!  Perhaps the thin layer of gel may be enough for people already accustomed to riding, but for those just getting into or (like in my case) back into the sport, I'd suggest padded shorts instead.  Those definitely eased the pain a lot more than the seat cover.
I had a little trouble getting this saddle cover to fit tightly, it took some effort to get the ties real taught and to cross tie them under the seat.  It worked pretty well for a while, but then over time it felt like the gel was breaking up and then I left the bike in the sun and the gel started to melt an ooze out of the material.  That was it, it was ruined.  It lasted one season of riding.  Felt good when it worked.  It did the job of getting me acclimated to my bike seat.  After a good season of riding i didn't need it any more, the standard saddle is fine.
I bought it not for softening my saddle. The fact is I have a Selle SRL Titanium saddle in red color and I wanted something to use as a cover to preserve this expensive saddle during I transport my bikes or when I have to ride in very muddy conditions. So I bought this product purely as a "cover" and I didn't make much research on this item, supposing that "any will fit"First of all, I was very unpleasantly surprised by the weight of this product. It is unreasonably heavy, very heavy. It is made very big just to be more universal and fit more saddles, but its not the best idea. If you apply it on narrow saddle, than you cant fix this cover at all. It moves and slips all the time. Fixing strand is another bad idea. In fact, I can't find any positive point in this product thus I can't recommend it. Don't waste your money!
I was lucky enough to use this over a period of a few weeks while at my mother's house.  It does not provide an aerobic workout compared to a treadmill or an elliptical.  There is very little resistance.  It is squeeky.  The movements are jerky compared to an elliptical.  It take sup a lot of space.  I found no value to it since it didn't get my heart rate up, it wasn't working any muscles, and it didn't provide a core work out.  Not sure what the purpose would be.  I am not a very aerobically fit person and can easily work up a sweat on other equipment within a few minutes so not getting an aerobic workout here really says a lot.  So, I don't even think that this is a good machine for beginners.On the positive side, all of the grandchildren love to swing on it and play on it.  (that probably isn't a positive for my mother though).  The kids think it is fun.
Setting up a new camping outfit, we got a new tent, air mattress, lantern and camping stove, all Coleman. The tent and air mattress: great! The lantern: terrific! The stove: not too good.We did not have the problem that many others seem to have had; namely, an aluminum tray that catches and is not secured to the base properly. And, as with older models, the design is a winner -- adjustable wind flaps, and folding and carrying that are well-thought out (as long as you are able to carry the portable propane tanks separately).BUT, the raison d'etre of a stove is .... HEATING. You cannot control the flame on this thing. No matter how precisely you adjust the flame, no matter how carefully you remove your hand from the knob, the flame immediately goes to high. It would be more accurate to have an on/off switch instead of a knob. This was okay when we wanted to boil water, but trying to actually cook was not at all pleasant. This was true on both burners.Coleman should be ashamed. Is this the start of the demise of the Coleman reputation? Surely the company knew about this before these went out to the public. I won't be so quick to assume a Coleman product is good quality anymore. Of all the things to get wrong! You wouldn't think a stove's heating capabilities would be considered optional by the manufacturer.I thought about exchanging this item, but the number of reviewers making the same complaint indicates a return is more in order. Our next stove will not be Coleman.
As long as you don't mind cooking your food on high all the time this is a great little unit.  You see, the knobs stick and there is no granularity in the settings.  No problem if you're trying to warm a kettle of water, a bigger problem if you're trying to cook pancakes and eggs for breakfast.  My friend had the Coleman model with the knobs on either end (as opposed to side by side with this one), and it worked great.  You're on the right track, but keep looking...stay with propane, but away from this model.  I've seen others comment with this same concern, so it is a quality control/product issue.  C'mon Coleman...build it US, build it right.
The first problem is that I finally have time to put the thing up and when I read the instructions, I quickly found that the most important item for assembly is NOT INCLUDED.  I had to get 6 lag bolts before even assembling the thing.  Of course it was late and the hardware store was closed - very frustrating.  The bag is a little big and comes off the swivel attachment every once and a while - also frustrating.  For the price it was a good value and beginners will enjoy it.  For more advanced boxers, spend a little more and upgrade all parts.Skipping rope is garbage - way too lightweight.  Wraps are not flexible and too short.  Bag gloves are unnecessary.
Not worth the price I paid.  I purchased 2 of these mats in search of the Everlast mats that are like the ones in my gym. These look the same but they aren't solid like the old ones. They are better than some of the cheaper versions but again, NOT worth the price. If you expect to get a good sturdy mat like Everlast used to make, this mat is NOT it! I guess they just don't make them like the older version. The original Everlast mats weren't made of sponge. Don't know what they were made of but they're much better than these and yes, my ORIGINAL mats are still going strong. I'm not sure these will last very long at all.You can see in the picture how the vinyl looks wrinkled. That's because it is and it doesn't fit tight like the original.  $[..] would have been worth the price for the original but not for this one, definitely not the $[..] they are asking now!
We went through 4 pairs of these in 2 months the straps kept breaking. this was even with ordering the adult sizes for the kids. The goggles also got really foggy under water so they were hard to see through.
Does not fit well on a large adult male head.  Perhaps my melon is too large but other goggles have fit well, these are too tight.  If you have a medium to smaller size head these would likely perform just fine.
I bought these for a seven year old who is learning to skateboard.  These are not a great fit (much too big) for his legs, and the plastic dome portion just slips around.  He also has trouble putting these on himself and it takes me quite some time to help him.
These are way too small and uncomfortable for a grown adult like myself. I wish they would have said in the title that these were kid's sized, but I suppose I blame myself for not thoroughly reading the customer reviews before purchasing. The Velcro straps are uncomfortably tight, and they tend to rip off whenever I bend my knees dramatically. The same discomfort was experienced with the elbow pads...except that they are even tighter than the knee pads; so much that I could only tolerate wearing them for 5 minutes before taking them off...I'll probably never use the elbow pads again. The knee pads at least do an "okay" job at protecting my knees (so long as they stay on) but I can tell these were meant for children and maybe young adolescents. I'll never be buying these again, nor do I recommend anyone buy them unless they have children....(in which case they might fit perfectly and comfortably on them.)
This chain and lock's price is consistent with the level of security it provides, however, it is far too heavy.The only claims about the chain are that it is "high tensile steel". However, tensile strength is not how bike chains are attacked. Tensile strength means pulling, and many hardware store chains provide good strength for hauling and securing things against that kind of resistance. However, cutting attacks involve shear and compression forces, and the properties of steel are quite different for resisting these kinds of forces. Many things with high tensile strength will cut like butter.Low security has its place, however, this lock is the right price, but it is far too heavy. One can get an equally low security cable lock which weighs far less and is more compact. Or one can get a higher security chain (for medium security, I would recommendKryptonite Keeper Integrated Chain Bicycle Lock) which has a chain designed to resist cutting attacks.This Mongoose chain is too easily cut, and provides very low security. It can be cut with bolt cutters one can conceal on one's person, and as such, it provides no more security than a cheap cable lock in terms of how bike thieves actually operate.The padlock is of low quality as well, and the one I have is very difficult to close as the tolerances are horrible. It is a big padlock of very low quality, and the chain provides very little resistance against cutting attacks.
I bought this for my wife's bike because I am very happy with a similar unit from Schwinn I bought for mine last year.  Unfortunately on this one the latch that holds the head unit to the handlebar mount is very weak and the unit will come off all too easily.  Sometimes it works loose while riding.  Fortunately when that happens you will see the speedo stop working and you have time to get it secured before it drops off completely.
As with all the bike accessories that are in the big-box discount stores like Wal-Mart, Target, Meijers, etc. (and the bikes, themselves, for that matter), this speedometer is designed primarily for casual or child use. Keeping that in mind, here are the negatives:1. The attaching mechanism on the mount is a flimsy, rubber strap with eyelets that hook around a nub. Other reviews have stated that bumps will cause it to pop off. While it hasn't happened to me (yet), it certainly seems plausible.2. Because of the cheap design of the mount, it can only be oriented (mounted) one way. At most, you can angle the speedometer a little one way or the other, but can't rotate it a complete 90. IOW, if you want to attach it to the handlebar stem to save space on your handlebars for something else, you're SOL. This is not the case with other, better bike speedometers.3. The speedometer doesn't inspire confidence when inserting it into the mount (it doesn't feel very secure). Other reviews have stated the speedometer comes loose and does not make proper contact with the mount and, again, it sure seems like it could happen.4. The wheel spoke magnet has four little plastic 'tangs' that hold the magent into that mount. The problem is the tangs can actually make contact with the sensor. I was hearing a faint 'clicking' noise and discovered it was one of the tangs cutting a nice groove into the sensor. Fortunately, I was able to move the magnet away from the sensor and it still works, but who knows for how long?5. The speedometer's buttons feel downright cheap, like a plastic toy.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because it has the biggest numeral display for speed of any of the cheap speedometers. But that aside, save your money and invest in a slightly more expensive, better speedometer like Cateye or Sigma that are carried by an LBS, big-box sports store (like Dicks), or online.
It's ok, it does the job, but the problem is that It doesn't stay in it's little clip very well.  Many times I've knocked it out and it fell off or I was riding along and it wasn't logging the last ??? miles?  Other than that it's ok.
I bought this to replace an old gel seat that I've had for about ten years and that was finally giving out on me.  Right out of the packaging, this Schwinn seat looks like it would be very comfortable, but it's got a hard base underneath that makes it feel like I'm riding on a layer of wood.Also, the product description says that it is designed for "spin bikes" and doesn't say that it's made only for Schwinn spin bikes, so I thought it would be alright to use for my Phoenix spin bike.  However, it keeps moving and shifting around when I use it, even when I pull the draw strings as tight as possible.  This movements ends up causing some chafing on my inner thighs, which is certainly not a pleasant thing.I'll continue to use this since I can't return it since I've used it a few times, but I'm not that impressed with it and would suggest looking at another brand.
This would be a really good product if it fit the seat on my bike. After reading some of the other reviews, I had some doubt about purchasing this item. A lot of people were talking about outdoor bikes and spin bikes, and how the cover did not fit. I have a Schwinn Stationery bike, so I thought maybe it would fit because it was a different type of bike. Wrong answer, the width of the cover is not wide enough and the length is not long enough. I was very disappointed. I am just going to detach my seat and take it to a bike shop where I can purchase the right seat cover for it.
Hard to beat the price but I didn't expect that Casio still made this bad back lighting for night viewing.  I gave the watch away a day after I got it.
The AirZooka may be a *little bit* of fun for a very young child, but overall it's a pretty disappointing toy.  I have to wonder if the people who seem to have had a great experience with this toy actually were able to purchase one pre-assembled.  That's because once all the pieces are together, this toy may hold the interest of some kids.  But putting this toy together reveals how poorly designed and fragile it is.  And personally I really didn't see the point once we did get it assembled.One of my nephews received a pair of these on Christmas Eve.  Good thing he got a pair because only one survived.  I, and several of my cousins, undertook the rather embarrassing endeavor of trying, and failing to correctly assemble these.  It quickly turned into a joke along the lines of "how many engineers does it take to assemble a simple children's toy."The unit is made of three concentric rings, as you can see from the product picture, that must be extended before you can attach the handle and a sight.  The two attachments are kind of shaped like christmas trees, but have some small tabs that are supposed to attach to the rings.  These tabs are VERY fragile and be warned, if you break one of the 4 there is virutally no way to attach the handle.  And without the handle, it's impossible to use this toy for what it's meant to be used.  The three rings collapse into themselves if you try to just hold onto them and pull the air bag without the handle attached.Somehow we were able to at least get one of these put together.  The pay-off was very anti-climactic for me.  There's a plastic bag inside the AirZooka that you can pull on and release to shoot a concentrated gust of air.  I suppose if you caught somebody off guard it might be funny.  But how long can that joke be re-used?  My nephew seemed to enjoy it OK, but after 15 minutes had moved on to his other toys.  Considering three of us messed with this thing for 30 minutes to get it to work, the pay-off just didn't seem worth it.  I also have to wonder how safe this toy is.  If that rubber band were to break free, I could see the bag and pully being launched at somebody.I am surprised that others seemed to love this toy.  To me, the poor quality was strike one.  While some kids will find sneaking up on people with this to be fun for a little while, this also seems like a one-trick pony.  For me that joke would get old fast.If you haven't removed yours from the box yet, exchange it for something else.  And if you are considering this, I definitely do not recommend it at any price.Good luck.
To be honest, I really wanted a Burley trailer for my kids and I do even more now after having dealt with the Quick N EZ trailer for a year. Our first trailer we got for $25 at a garage sale. It was also InStep but I don't see that they make this style any longer. It had a hard plastic base as opposed to the canvas most (if not all) trailers are made of these days.  My son would slip and slide all over. After just a few minutes of biking with no suspension and no seats, he'd be slumped down with the straps around his neck.Needless to say, I wasn't going to make him endure that any longer! So we picked up the Quick and EZ for $80. We were pleased with how easy it was to set up and how quickly it folded down, though it still wasn't small enough to fit in the trunk of our Grand Prix. We now have a Sienna so it's no longer an issue, but my son's comfort was immediately a factor from the first time he was put in it. The hammock-style seat is straight up in the back, so when he falls asleep he just slumps over and looks very uncomfortable.Not only that, but the airflow inside the trailer is a HUGE concern for me. After 10 minutes of biking in 80ish degree weather, he is beet red and soaked in sweat. Now, he is not in direct sunlight so that's not what's heating him up. It's that because the hammock seat is canvas and because the seat effectively goes from "wall to wall" inside the trailer, there is nowhere for the air to go, even though there is a vent in the back of the trailer. We started putting him in shorts and nothing else to try to keep him comfortable but he still gets extremely hot. How can I enjoy my ride when I know he is miserable?And you can forget about putting two kids in this thing unless they're very easy-going and don't mind being squished together. When I was a daycare mom, I would regularly take my son and one of our daycare kids who was only 4 days younger than my son and about the same build, and the first few times they did nothing but fight! Sure they were two 2-year-olds, but can you blame them? The hammock seat forced them to lean into each other and make them even MORE hot! Would you really enjoy riding in the car if you were pressed up against the person in the seat beside you the entire time? Not likely!Aside from that major complaint, I do have to complain that the small wheels and lack of suspension make for a very bumpy ride and I also feel bad subjecting my kids to that. Also, it would be nice if you could only partially lower the sun shade to keep your baby protected. When we're going in the wrong direction, he always gets sun on his thighs and sometimes even his arms if the sun is high. We always put sunscreen on of course, but if I'm going to expect him to sit in there while I bike for two hours, I'd like to make sure he's comfortable.So, all complaints aside, the trailer has one big plus. It's price. You can't beat the price, but you get what you pay for. This summer I am seriously considering spending one of my bonus checks to get my son a wonderful Burley trailer. Yes, it's $450 and probably not practical if you only bike once in a while, but seeing as we bike daily in warm weather and sometimes 2-3 times a day, I think the price is justified to make sure he enjoys it as much as I do. Burley trailers come with large wheels with suspension, a roll bar, PADDED BUCKET SEATS!! with mesh on the upper part to allow for good airflow, and padded seatbelts.Yep, definitely getting a Burley this year! I've waited long enough! ;)
That is simply unacceptable! Granted it's not the most expensive unit out there but it should last more than a month.I did like it's size and it was fairly unobtrustive and not hard to program or read (that gives it the extra star)As for measuring steps it is not as accurate as I wanted anyway. When compared to the treadmill and elliptical machines, both of which give readouts of what you've done in your workout, this unit did not count all my steps. I wore it on the belt area/top of waist. It may be that mine was a dud and the battery was going from the beginning which is why the step count was off - but it really doesn't matter. I'm going to purchase a much better quality unit in the hopes it will last longer! I cannot possibly recommend this unit - although it does sound like others have had better experiences.
This metal is so thin and fragile, every drop left a huge dent and when it got cold it split right up the middle.  Not worth the money, went to walmart and bought on for half as much that is three times as good.
Sound quality was on par with my $29 Caldwell units, and those run about the same size overall. having to run batteries in both sides a negative for me, especially when you have to work so hard to get each side open. i never got the one side installed at all, so label me only partially biased in sound quality.There are better options, and if they weren't on sale, it would be a shame to waste the money on them. Back to Amazon they go. Next guy gets 2 free batteries, I cant get the things out.
Got these for my husband as he was looking to get a new ear protection for the range... had lots of good and bad reviews but like most things its best to test it yourself.First impression WOW very compact and super sturdy...instructions were a bit iffy on the battery needed. they could specify its needs AAA battery but other than that its great. Tested it out real fast in the garage banging a hammer against metal and it was great. Tested speech which had no problems at all. Highly would recommend this to anyone.Now the bad parts. Took them to an indoor range wearing them outside the shooting area sounded great, walked in and hear a BANG from a 9mm was like umm ok. Kept walking towards the lane and hear another .40cal go off had ringing in my ears. Right away I got out went grabbing regular nr25 slim protectors and it was a major difference. You must wear additional ear plugs using this at least for indoor range or anything powerful. Also no light for on and off light.Buy something else. Only reason it got 2stars for quality of build.
The current model of these is not what they used to be. I concurr with current reviewers on this major point.I bought a set for my 11 year old for a shooting kit to go with his new Henry Golden Boy.I've had a previous generation set for years and mostly like them for the audio and protection and slimness. And knowing the negatives of the somewhat difficult to change batteries and the exposed knobs often turning them on in the bag - with no auto-off - killing the batteries (thus getting into difficult to change batteries).But I ordered a set for my 11 year old because I knew them well and he really liked the fit and feel.I could immediately tell they were newer - the plastic moulding is (acceptably) different. I could not, without fear of wrecking the ear pads with excessive force, remove them to put in the batteries. Period. Pads would not come off without risk of damaging the pads. I trued the usual grips and angles I use on mine that help - but nope. So while I figured he'd have difficulty and need my help on batteries - I wasn't expecting myself, an experienced user of these, to find it impossible to access the batteries.So when 3M bought this from Peltor - they ruined them. Poor quality control on fit and finish of pads and battery access make these unusable.At the time I bought mine years ago - these were both the best and only in their class. That is not so now. Knowing the possibility I had also ordered and tried Howard Leight. Those my older son and I really like - but their rectangular pads won't cover the lower back corner of my 11 year old's ear/head. So I'm still searching for something for him. I may give him my older generation Peltor Tactical 6S and get Howard Leights or another perhaps higher end model for myself to replace them.EDIT 3/18: Compared against Howard Leight's . The Audio is crisper than the Howard Leight's. No "spacey" sound. The Peltors didn't have as much gain (volume). The Howard's only had that "spacey sound" with volume turned up.So I gave my 14 year old theHoward Leight R-01526 Impact Sport Electronic Earmuffand my 11 year old will probably get these (my older model pair).3M / Peltor - what have you done with a gold standard? Unfortunate but true.
These Aerobies boomerangs have been a disappointment.  The AerobieSuperdisks are beyond awesome.  These are not in the same league.  We have had a lot of folks try these with nothing close to a return.  Now I am not Mr. Frisbee, but for me these don't work.
doesnt give a sharp edge really.. Cant keep it stable to sharpen evenly also needs to be 3 inches longer to be more effective..
Sorry, I'm just not a fan.  This stone does ok for tools like shovels or axes, but I just couldn't get the hang of it with knives.  The diamond stones were too coarse and seemed to really grab the edge and prevent you from maintaining your angle.  The absurdly fat handle also gets in the way when you're trying to sharpen, rending a good quarter of the stones useless for most tasks.  I ended up picking up a set of credit card diamond stones and am much happier with my result.
I was hoping that this would take over for the double stone I currently carry in my pack.  This was bigger and heavier than two small sharpening stones of different grits.  I don't use this.
This scope felt nice and looked cool and everything, and IS VERY CLEAR when looking through it..the buttons/dials were all nice, seemed like a good buy, however i experienced the same problem as other reviewers with something coming loose during firing..returned for refund..you may get a good one you may not. but with amazon's easy returns you can take a chance on it. Its such a nice scope, but not shock proof? thanks amazon..
I bought this Bushnell Banner 3-9x40mm as an upgrade to replace a 32mm Barska Plinker for my 10/22 rifle.It had been specifically recommended over the Barska but boy was I disappointed!It has a very bad fishbowl effect around the edge of the lens. All scopes have some. This one has a lot!I wouldn't use it for anything other than shooting paper with a .22LR because the distortion is so bad.The magnification is wrong. On 3x it magnifies equivalent to 4x on all my other scopes.If I had wanted 4x minimum I would have ordered 4x minimum!The image is very clear, but only in the center, and not noticeably better or worse than any other 40mm scope I have.It's not a bad scope. It's just that it gets beat by scopes at half the price...I'm really just upset that I spent $75 on this Bushnell to replace my $30 Barksa and the Barska seems better to me.My advice: stick to scopes either over $300 or less than $50 'cause you wont get better untill you hit the $300 mark...
Cheap, low quality CHICOM scope with even cheaper ring mounts. Seriously just save your money and get something better. If you want a decent quality rimfire scope for under $100, a Nikon is a good place to start.
The scope adjusted fine and held zero on a small .22 I was very happy with it until I realized this thing has major glare issues, worse than any scope I have used. Unless your hog or coon hunting at night it is nearly unusable. Maybe something was wrong with mine, idk, but for the cheapest scope I have ever purchased it is not really worth looking into.
I really wanted it to work on my 10/22 breakdown, but gave up after getting it sighted in at 6x, then going to 3x or 9x.  It would not hold zero.  3x went to lower left quadrant, 9x to upper right quadrant.  Several tests convinced me I had a defective scope.  Tired of messing with lower priced variable zoom scopes, purchased a Nikon rimfire 4x- no issues.  Decided I did not need 9x on a .22 rifle.  FWIW: I do not have this problem on my large caliber Nikon variable zoom scopes.
You get what you pay for.  This is a cheap scope with poor optics.  I will not return this as I got what I asked for but it will either sit on my shelf or get tossed as it is not even worth the hassle of returning.  Do not buy this scope if you are familiar with Leupold, Nikon scopes.
Cheap price, cheap scope. Would probably be ok for a pellet gun or standard 22 rifle.Would not recommend this scope.
It works but its very shaky and subconciously I never reach for it. Also the shakiness tends to give you erroneous readings and you are probably better off visually estimating. But it works if you are very very, I mean very steady; which ain't gonna happen in the middle of the game.
It's a good hat, but it is POLYESTER not wool.  I don't understand how Amazon can allow sellers to lie like this.  Again, durable hat that's well made and fits well on most head shapes... but it is not wool.
It was too big. I needed it for mic when I teach my step classes and it was too pouchy for me. Its perfect if the purchase is for running but not for an aerobics instructor.
Good construction, but does not fit a small wallet. You'd be able to put your iphone and a small set of keys in there probably.
Matches work fine - box is weak and annoying.  Why would i have a hard kit item - like matches like this, but a cardboard box that fails as soon as you lean, sit, bump, or rub it against trees or other debris....?
It does simplify packing but needs a layer of protection to keep it from wearing holes during travel.  It is plastic so you must cool the griddle before inserting it into the sleeve.  It is not water proof, so griddle can rust inside.I would still buy it but am looking into making my own canvas carriers for better durability.
I assembled most of the item, except for the bottom handle part, the screw wouldn't fit at allow, we tried it numerous times, but it just wouldn't screw on. Finally I called the company CAP Barbell, noone answers the phone ever. So, I finally sent them an email. I must say the responce time was quick, and I asked them to send a replacement screw. I am hoping they will, if not I will return the product.
bought this for my wife.  its easy to use, but not much of workout.  there is no resistance, would probably need to be on this for 4 to get same workout in 1hr on regular elliptical.
I ordered the 35 pound weights and tested it on three different scales.. One read 34 even, the other two read it at a 34.2... It was slightly less than 1 dollar per pound according Amazon, however, I think it came out to evenly 1 dollar per pound since a few grams were missing.
2 stars because they way close to five pounds and they fit on my barbell, other than that these are very cheaply made. Lumpy cast marks and painted by a blind elephant.
you get what you pay for I guess. My plates came with all sorts of dings and pits. Really this is probably the lowest quality plate out there. Next time Ill spend a few bucks more
I'm XL in everything else, but in these, the Large fits properly.Unfortunately, the pad seems to be one size, and that size is XXXL.The fabric is smooth and durable.  The stitching is clean and looks nice.Unfortunately, there is a stitch in the very front and center, most of the way down to the pad.This chafes way too much when riding.  It's a severe design error that should never happen.Basically, I think these designed for women, and sized for men.
The reel is avarege in quality but it came with broken reverse mechanism. I bought it as a spare reeal and did not use it until recently.
Poor quality , with cheap non-ceramic guides and awful &#34;action&#34; . A telescoping rod can actually be designed and built to fish fairly well, and Shakespeare certainly missed that mark, here.  I've found a perfect ultra light telescoping spinning rod (see my South Bend review) , but still searching for a longer ,medium action telescoping spinning rod that is worth fishing with .Swing and a miss on this one !
I do not feel anything with this line when fishes bite. i put it in a very light rod, and i still have hard time feeling the bite if i cast far which i do, the good thing about it is that it doesn't tangle and is good line and good castablility but it has serious stretch factor which i find very very annoying.
In general, fluorocarbon lines have weak knot strength and Field & Stream's objective testing showed that Vanish has the weakest knot strength of them all, losing on average 25% of its rated stength with the simple Palomar teminal tackle knot.  Lots of folks use alternative knots: San Diego Jam, the Double Pitzen is popular with the pros, the Nanofil...  There's a lot of knots that claim to work with fluorocarbon line.I've tried them all both wetted and slightly moistened (recommeded) when cinching, and finally got tired of donating my hooks and lures to the river gods when the Vanish separated at the knot.  Just yesterday I watched a 1/4 ounce Panther Martin go flying off carrying a 10# Vanish leader when the Double Pitzen knot broke at the swivel.  It didn't come untied, it left a little bit of Vanish wrapped around the split ring.  It broke at the knot.When I realized all of my "fluorocarbon" knots were failing, no matter how many times I practiced them, despite pulling out a magnifying glass to see that they were tied properly, and despite the drop of super glue I tried using to secure the knot, I started researching these lines rather than buying the hype.  My bubble was burst!  Google is such a two-edged sword...There is no advantage that I can see to using fluorocarbon line other than that fluorocarbon line sinks.  Objective testing shows that it frays readily, although not as quickly underwater as a monofilament line; it stretches as much (typicaly more) than monofilament line; it is difficult (impossible, IMHO) to find a knot that will not fail early; it is not significanly smaller in diameter than high quality monofilament of the same weight rating; and Seaguar states on it's website that it's a myth that fluorocarbon line is less visible to fish (or to any other critter) underwater than any good grade monofilament...It tends to make very weak knots, it's stretchy, it frays easily, it's not skinnier, and it's not invisible.What's to like?  And at the price we're paying for it, I'm staying away.I will never again use, and would never recommend this or any other fluorocarbon fishing line.  They just ain't what folks claim them to be, both in testing and in my experience.
Nothing worse than getting fishing line and having part of it come off the spool in shipping. I had to reel off about 100 yards or so before it caught up with the issue. The spool is too small for how much line they pack onto it. It was packaged well, its just a flaw in the manufacturing. I got the 10 lbs version and it casts like knotted mess. I have had to hand retrieve lures because upon casting it gets caught up on it's self. I've only run into this with real cheep line. If you are trolling though, it is probably not an issue.
Well I just paid $6.50 for a package of garbage ties.That's the size of these things.You get a package of tin ties that are the size of the kind you get free with garbage bags.They are going to be hard to see for sure!
This is my first squirrel call. It doesn't do the bark, squeal that real squirrels do. I've sat on my porch and used it while watching the squirrels in my yard,,, they stop for a second, then go about their squirrely business. I think my expectations may have been a bit high.
I purchased this at the end of last hunting season to try to get a little more action.  I played with it inside trying to get comfortable with using both the chatter call and the distress call.  I finally brought it out into to the woods to try to use it and had no real luck.Now for those unfamiliar with squirrel calls, they do not attract squirrels, but instead encourage squirrels to show themselves by moving from their hiding places.  I may have not had squirrels around me to alert or I may just need more practice!Sadly I was never able to perfect my skills because I found the next time I tried to use it that the metal reed had fallen out making the chatter call silent.  I called HS and they said they would take a look at it but I need to pay to ship it there.  I realize this is generally standard practice, but for such a small cheap device I find it not worth sending in.  I will try to use just the distress call for now but I do not plan on buying another squirrel call from HS again.
The quality is OK and the bats fit in well.  It does hold as many bats as it says however the straps are way too short.
I might have to re-review this tool if I ever cut anything with it, but so far I have been unsuccessful.Amazon suggests other people have bought a slingshot with this tool, which I assumed was used to shoot the weighted bag over the limb.  Save your money...the slingshot is not nearly powerful enough to send this bag more than a few feet, especially when weighed down by the rope and saw.  Throwing the bag by hand is more effective.When throwing the bag, be sure not to catch the metal hook on your finger, or it will cut you.After several attempts at throwing the bag over a 40 ft high limb, I instead got the weighted bag and rope wrapped around a limb of a different tree, and couldn't get it loose.  I ended up just cutting both trees down with a chainsaw to be done with it.It seems like a good idea in theory, but it didn't work out for me.
product too inflexible for my uses. I expected them to be rubbery and pliable. These should be used in pools to separate shallow and deep ends.  I wanted them for flotation for equipment dropped overboard.  takes up too much room for my taste/
I bought these to replace a set of side roller guides on a 18 foot bass boat.  If you look closely you will see that they mount close to a 90 degree angle with little extension allowed if the side of the boat is angled.  I had to combine the old mounts of the rollers I removed with the tubes these have to get them to work on my boat.
I used this on my boat canvas and it make it WATERPROOF. I recently bought this for some canvas furniture covers and it let the rain water pass right through. I am not satisfied with this product.
I was looking for an electric knife to make slicing my round loaves of bread easier. Unfortunately, the crust on my loaf was barely being cut by the sawing action of the blades.Maybe I was using it incorrectly. The blades sawed back quickly and smoothly, but regardless of the amount of downward pressure I applied, the action did not slice my bread.It was also much larger than I expected it to be.  I did not try cutting anything else with it, since I only needed it to cut bread.  And I did not try cutting a softer sandwich loaf.
Your experience may vary, but even though I followed the instructions on the bottle, I did not see any difference in the headlight on my 2006 Mazda 3.I am a fan of Meguiar's products but cannot recommend this one.
I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it.
I don't deny this is a well-made product at an affordable price, and it may likely work for your purposes, but the angle of the chock is designed for a really big tire given the size of the chock.  They look downright silly on my Coleman pop-up with 13" tires.  Only about the first rung and a half of the chock actually touches the tire, so the rest is left sticking out in nowhere.  I'm left thinking a simple block cut from a 2x4 will work just as well for me. Maybe an improvement to the existing design would be to make the back half gently curved down as well, rather than a straight shot. Then users would have two options, one which could fit smaller tires better.  As is, they really are over-kill on small popup campers.  Sticking with a simple block of wood works too.  I'll be returning my chocks.
Only fair.  NOT very durable and do NOT fully secure the trailer.  Spend the extra $$$ and get the X-Block and / or the Fastaway (we now use both, Fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in)
It shoots like a field point out to 30 yards. Beyond that it is unpredictable. I have used them for target practice in the woods. I have shot them at rocks and tree stumps. They bounce off without damaging the arrow. I shot them at a large ground squirrel at 15 yards, thinking it would only crush it without causing excessive damage. I was wrong. It punched completely through both shoulders leaving a 1.5 inch entry wound and a 2.5 inch exit. I had planed to use these on grouse, but now I am not sure they won't destroy them. I also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads. The slip on stopped on impact, and the arrow punched through the rubber. So this broadhead is better then those slip on, but I'm not sure rubber is the way to go.
The concept of an emergency use toilet at a reasonable price sounded great. The product took over a week to be delivered and is made for Tinkerbell's Butt.  It is built from very cheap plastic and the lid will not open all the way, so you have to crouch at a very uncomfortable angle or break the lid off the hinge...which I am sure will happen in its first use.There are better products out there...Skip this one unless it is a backup for your real backup.
It's nice for picking up the balls but putting it stands is hard - you can not just push it to snap, you have to bend it and make it click for each legs - 4 times.
these poles don't stay together, in order for them to be able to come apart --- they come apart when fishing too....I need to find a collapsible pole -- not this one =0(  the reel was descent though =0)
the mask is fairly small, appears to be cheaply made especially the rubber strap - this strap will not stand the test of time. had i actually seen it in the hardware store i never would have bought, particularly at the near to $15 price. To me, the price/value would be more apt in the $8 range. It certainly does not look like the pic on amazon - the pic makes it appear larger than it is, the surface area of the filter hence will be limited in it's ability to handle larger volumnes of air over time- but then they want you to buy replacement filters faster.
I was fooled by all the good reviews.  Perhaps the seller has changed this product just for my order. I got a dozen cheap Chinese knock-offs.  For reference, I own about 20 different kinds of other whistles.PRO:  It makes a whistling sound when you blow into it.CONS:  The plastic is cheap.  It feels like it will shatter if I drop it from 10 feet or so.  The pea inside is cheap plastic, not natural cork like the description says.  When I shake it, the whistle makes a cheap, plastic-on-plastic, rattling sound.  Compared to the Acme Thunderer 660, it's not that loud and more difficult to blow.  It's possible to over-blow this whistle.  There is no "MacGregor" symbol on mine, unlike what another reviewer has received.  There is not even a "Made in China" or "Made in Taiwan" label.  This whistle reminds me of a generic kid's toy you might get from a dollar machine.  To add insult to injury, the shipping took a long time.I'm going to give these to somebody I don't like and buy the real thing.  If you go cheap, you'll get burned eventually like I did.
The band material is very thin.  This could be good or bad depending on your expectations.  To me, it is bad as I expected a heavier weight thicker material for a "sport" band.  The band is very comfortable as the material is very soft and pliable.The included spring pins are terrible.  I used them initially and my watch fell off!  Fortunately it fell onto my car seat and not onto the ground where it would have had the pins fails only seconds earlier.  Yes, I correctly installed the pins.  The stayed in place for several hours and then suddenly popped out.  I switched out the included pins for the ones that came with my original band.  The original pins that came with my watch are a full 3mm longer than the ones included with this band.I have since ordered a Spiedel band in the same 19mm size and it came with double telescoping pins even longer than my original ones.  The pins for the Spiedel band locks in extremely tight and feels very secure.This band is OK, I would have given the band alone 4/5 stars if they had not sent the crappy pins.  But since they were included and clearly either defective or the wrong size I give this 2/5.  Better to not include anything extra rather than including something potentially defective.
Does not hold the ammo locked in place so you can load it, we don't even use it any more, this was a waist
I had to alter my grip to make this work for me. I have a model 642 with rubber grip. the wood grip models would work unmodified.
Its a nice simple speed loader, however it do not fit my Taurus 605 very well. I don't think it would be easy in an emergency situation to reload. Hope my aim is good :)
The speedloader seems like a good product in terms of quality and function, but it does not fit my revolver.  The website does not specify which models this speedloader does and does not fit.  I purchased this speedloader for my standard .38 S&W; Model 442 Airweight.  The gun is plain old normal factory specs from the manufacturer, no after market parts, no customization, etc.  The speedloader doesn't even feed in half way to the cylinder before it gets  stuck.  You may want to do some research on this item to fitting your gun before you go through the hassle of ordering and returning.The ad on the website does not provide the information, but now that I have the item in front of me, I can tell you what is says.  This item on amazon is for a:  HKS Speedloader, model 36-A.  The packaging says it fits 5 shot, .38 Special, S&W; models 36, 37, 38, 40, 42, 49, 60 // Charter Arms // Taurus 85.
HKS Revolver Speedloader for S&W; 25-5/Taurus .45 Raging BullIt's a good product. But, they sent me the wrong ones. The Taurus comes in both 6 round and 5 round variants. I met a guy at the range who gave me the info on what he ordered. His were 5 round speed-loaders. They sent me 6 round speed-loaders. I note from another reviewer that this has happened before. Like the earlier reviewer, I now have to return them. There is not a contact the seller link on this products page. Too bad. I might have been able to get the right information  the first time! Hey Amazon, you can certainly fix this!
Its a good product if they would have sent the right ones they  are supposed to be 5 shot loaders instead they sent 6 shot loaders which do no justice for a revolver that holds 5 rounds lol needless to say i have to send back ordred this same item 5 weeks ago and got 5 shot speeedloaders so i orderred 3 more and they send 6 shot loaders go figure
I wanted a speed loader, but this was not a good choice or something, I can't get the ammo to stay put or hold till you put the ammo in it doesn't hold the ammo, :-(
Because of the turn to release design of this, it just falls way short compared to my Safariland Comp II's that were only a dollar or so more. Because the cylinder wants to spin when twisting the loader to release, this loader requires more thought and focus, holding the cylinder as well, vs. push in, done.
I have been using HKS speedloaders for over 30 years and recently purchased two HKS-586-A's to fit a revolver I just purchased.  What a disappontment I received.  They were much lighter in weight than my older models, and the signature "click" that assured me that my rounds were firmly secure in the loader was pathetically anemic at best, and THAT was after I had to jiggle the rounds just to get the casings to secure with the holding teeth.  When I twisted the securing knob, it would just jam with the shell casings and not smoothly lock the rounds in place.  I tried the second speedloader to see if perhaps I had just received a lemon, and sure enough, the other loader was no better. So here I am with two speedloaders that bind with my rounds while trying to secure them in place, and once I jiggle them and do get them secured, the weak tension from the ball bearing that secures them, leaves me feeling less than confident that the slightest bump of the knob wouldn't send my rounds cascading to the floor, and probably at a most inopportune time.  Very disappointed HKS.  You really cheaped out what was a great design.  Guess I will have to re-think the Safariland II loaders.  I would return these two POS's but it is not worth the effort.  I am going to send this evaluation to HKS and see if or how they respond.  Interestingly enough, for a company that prides themself on customer satifaction and quality, they have not means to contact them.  Their home pages just says: "Contact your retailer." Thanks HKS for dodging the feedback bullet from a loyal customer.
This is a tiny, flimsy case that doesn't fit a single speedloader I own. Totally worthless to me. Would not purchase again even if I did have a speedloader that fit.
Bear Creek makes much better loaders, as long as you get the right caliber. This one works, but not as nicely IMHO
I May be doing something wrong but I can load my clip faster without this thing,wasted my money. Don't recommend.
The HKS works on my .45 1911 magazines but you have to push the rounds back with your thumb and the loader is plastic construction so it flexes especially at the thumb lever. This is not the best loader I've used (UPLULA is best) but it is the cheapest at about half the price of the UpLULA. If you want something cheap get the HKS but if you want something that works best spend the extra bucks and get the UpLULA by Butler Creek.
I purchased this item for use with my Beretta Nano, which uses both six and 8 round single stack magazines.  This device functions well once a magazine is loaded into the device, but for me, it takes far longer to mount the magazine into the device and then place the rounds in the magazine, than it does to just load the rounds by hand into a magazine.  What good is a &#8220;speed loader&#8221; if the overall result is that it slows you down?
plastic hinge and case lock tabs are very thinmay be good for weekend use but every day use is not a good betget one with sliding locks and a wire - cylinder hingereturned for one that has above and was less expensive
THE PICTURE SHOWS A 1911 IN THE CASE.  IT WIL FIT A 1911 BUT IT IS A BOOGER TO GET THE MAGAZINE IN AND CLOSE THE CASE.  I WOULD HAVE RETURNED THE PRODUCTS (I BOUGHT TWO) BUT IT IS TOO MUCH OF A HASSLE.  I'LL USE THEM FOR SOMETHING.
These are some type of polyester(?) they just don't work as well as cotton. It's nice having the patches cut to size but the bulk cotton patches work much better.
The reviews here seem to be written by kind gentlemen who don't wish to sound harsh. But what they do say is quite a problem. These Hoppe's patches are way too small for the bores they say they are deigned for. These Hoppe's patches look like the same as the  &#34;Outers&#34; brand 17/.22 caliber patches but Hoppe's must be much thinner. I needed THREE .22/.270 caliber Hoppe's patches for each pass in my .223 caliber rifle. And I needed two and one half patches of the Hoppe's .270/.38 caliber patches to fit my .308 rifle. These tiny patches will cost you much more in the long run than the superior cotton patches from &#34;Pro-Shot&#34; that are sold here. If the Amazon word search here for &#34;gun patches&#34; (?) had shown the available Pro-Shot brands, I definitely would have ordered them and been very happy. As it is, I am not that pleased. Go for the Outers (better) or ProShot (best) brands.
These patches are way too thin.  I even doubled up with two patches and goes through the barrel too easily.  You'll end up using more patches than the cloth type patches so you're not saving any money and spend more time and effort to clean your .223/5.56 rifle.  I do not recommend these patches.
I needed some smaller patches for my 22 and these are just too small to be effective for cleaning the barrel because they slide right through.  I would not purchase again.
Very flimsy.  Requires dozens for one cleaning.  Very loose in the barrel of my 5.56.  These are also not very absorbent.
The synthetic fibers here don't seem to hold much cleaner/oil, and I don't care for the feel of the patches at all. I'll use these for a while, but won't buy more.
These patches are thin and shed and tear easily. If I would have known what I have know now I would have spent my money the first time on the Allen Patches. AVOID
While I have not used the Hoppe's .38-.45 caliber patches yet, I just finished using the .22-.270 caliber size in my .223 rifle and the .270-.38 caliber size in my .308. THEY ARE REDICULOUSLY SMALL AND THEREFORE WASTEFUL. I needed 3 patches to feel any correct resistance in my .223, and 2.5 of the .270/.38 patches in my .308! Stick with the Pro-Shot cotton patches, also sold here as well. They will be far cheaper in the long run because you only need one patch per swipe instead of three.  Pro-Shot is best.....Outers is acceptable.....Hoppe's fail the test.
I bought these because they were cheap and being Hoppe's brand, I thought they would be good.  I personally don't like them.  They are a fiber-like material and they don't hold much liquid.  I prefer cotton or flannel.
Hoppe's is an over-rated product line. Do yourself a favor and try something else. These patches are thin and rip too easily.
Not made of cotton. Very thin and roof. Def looking into another cleaning patch for handgun. I wish I would have read more reviews. Lesson learned
these are maybe very good tissues but they are for .22 caliber. for 9mm or 10mm they are too little so you have to use more of them and they do not hold well on a stick being too thin as well.make them double size!
it doesent fit, or at least not thick enough to really clean the AK47 bore, even when fully soaking it in cleaner and fully dry it goes through but not tight enough feel to really clean or pull all the crap from the barrell, at least doesent feel that way, comes out very very easily.
Great idea for other calibers but this caliber requires the snake to be too small and when pulling through the barrel... well the rope has a tendency to brake.  I broke two of these already in my .17 caliber  rifle.  I usually recommend these snakes but NOT FOR THIS CALIBER!
I could not really figure out what to do with this, and it seemed to not fit my 22 lr barrel, I tried pulling it through and it would almost feel like it was stuck and I was afraid something would happen to my gun so I stopped trying.  However, if you can make it work, I think it would work well for a quick cleaning.
I should have bought a rod and brush. The snake cannot be used on my pump air rifle because you can not remove or insert the long weight through the breach opening. On my break barrel air rifle, it is so tight that I am afraid the string attaching the weight to the snake is going to break off. I used it (.177) on my 22 rim fire long rifle and pistol. It was snug and cleaned those well.
This does NOT fit the ruger 10/22 standard carbine barrel. I was excited to use this product as a way to field clean my 10/22 in case I needed, but it doesn't look like I'll be able to anyhow. Just be warned.
I have a couple of 22 rifles for which this was made.  Doesn't seem to fit in the barrels too well.  I guess I will stick to the patches.
There is zero need for a sprayable form of Hoppe's #9, it is smelly and gets everywhere you don't want it. There is no applicator straw, you just get Hoppe's...everywhere. Buy a jar and you'll be happier.
Followed the instructions to the letter.  Metal surface was clean, smooth & free of any solvents. Wiped it down several times with ethyl alcohol.  Applied Black Magic with a Qtip as recommended and got very uneven results over the area (about 2in long & .5in wide). Repeated it 2 more times with the same result - uneven bluing.  Yes, It does blueing but I can't recommend it if you want a quality appearance.
After hearing so many good things about Otis kits I dropped (the not unsubstantial) $40 on this kit.  While it's a good idea, I really don't think it lives up to the hype.  The bore cleaning procedure is effective, probably about as good as using a proper rod, brush and jag.  But that's about all you can do with this kit.  There is no way to clean any complex chamber- the short wire tool is next to useless in an AR chamber.  There is no toothbrush, only enough oil for one or two cleanings, and no room to put a good rag in the pouch.  After one use I've gone back to keeping a bore-snake, toothbrush, bottle of CLP and rag in my field kit and keeping a proper cleaning kit at home.The Otis kit is not worth the money, or the hype.
I suppose that if I really needed a very small package to carry my cleaning kit, this would be a life saver. Otherwise, it seems like it was a waste of money. Traditional rods and brushes work fine.
I purchased the Otis Tactical cleaning kit (not from Amazon -- got a better deal elsewhere at the time) to care for two 12 gauge shotguns, a pair of .22 cal target pistols, several .38 cal and .357 magnum revolvers, and several 9mm and .45 cal pistols.  From its advertising it seemed like the perfect "one size fits all" cleaning kit.  But it does not live up to the hype.This kit does come with some basic tools to clean all common types of guns, including the needed slotted tips and bore brushes.  But it does not have the (optional) picks and brushes needed to do a thorough cleaning.  That will cost you another $15 or so.  Only a small number of patches come with the kit, so you should plan on buying more right away.  Interesting, no one who sells these cleaning kits locally in my area also sells the Otis patches.  So I had to purchase those online (which I did buy from Amazon).  The patches cost about 10 times the amount you would spend for common square patches.  Even though Otis claims you can get 6 uses out of each patch I found you will drag dirty patches through your barrel if you try to get that many uses.  At best you may get 2 or 3 uses from each Otis patch if you really want your gun to be clean.  In all I spent about twice a much for this cleaning kit as I did for a similar comprehensive rod-based cleaning kit.So how well does this kit clean your guns?  The patches will clean your bore about as well as any other slotted patch system.  But I find I can get the bore much cleaner using a jag and rod.  The fact that you can pull the patch breech to muzzle is handy, though, for revolvers.  But if you clean your gun the way Otis illustrates in their instructional videos it will not get very clean.  If you dissassemble your gun you will find the breech end of the bore is not very clean, and the slide is filthy.  You will need to scrub all of these areas with a brush (which the kit does not include but sells separately) and wipe it down with patches (don't use your expensive Otis patches for this unless you want to spend a fortune on patches).In the end, the Otis cleaning kits (they make several but work fundamentally the same way) are useful if you want to take a compact cleaning kit with you to the range or hunting where taking a cleaning rod would be a hassle.  If you want to do just a quick clean of your bore without disassembling your gun it will work fine.  It is handy to clean the bore of a revolver from breech to muzzle.  If you think a Bore Snake cleans your gun sufficiently then you will probably be happy with the Otis system.  But don't expect this kit to clean your gun as well as you can clean it with full disassembly and use of a simple rod and jag with much cheaper patches, a toothbrush, and some solvent (I usually use Hoppes and BreakFree).  I have spent many thousands of dollars on nice guns.  I don't mind spending money on a good gun cleaning system to protect that investment.  But you will spend a fortune on the Otis cleaning system and, in the end, your guns will not be all that clean.
Well guys, you tried to build the better mousetrap and a darn fine job. OOPS, your main beef about the breach to muzzle cleaning just doesnt apply to &#34;most&#34; of the firearms as you boast. AND ONE OF THEM IS MINE! FAIL!
I see that this model is mainly advertised as an H&K; pistol holster, but the title and description both had written that it would fit the S&W; Sigma 9ve. Of course, it didn't. It couldn't be THAT easy, right?As you can see from the picture, this holster has a square trigger guard area. This trigger guard area is actually the main retention device, other than just friction fitting -- so it's pretty important to get the trigger guard area properly fitted I would think. When I slid the 9VE into it, I had to apply a significant amount of pressure to get it in, and I expected it to "snap" into place or something. It never did. Instead, the seam of the trigger guard area spread apart so much that I thought it would break. The 9ve not only has a round trigger guard, but it also seems quite a bit wider than the holster trigger guard mold is capable of accepting. The gun physically fits into the holster dimension-wise, but the trigger guard does NOT properly "snap" into place, it just kinda spreads the plastic apart, which is not good and does not provide more than just friction fitting.I liked the idea of the holster for an inexpensive way to carry around a 9ve on the farm, but I never got a chance to test the product out because it didn't even fit the gun, mainly due to the trigger guard area. I didn't want to play holster roulette online again, so I decided not to order another of a different model, but the s&w; m&p; fobus holster may work, seeing as it DOES have a rounded trigger guard mold.
This is the first fobus holster I've purchased.  I've seen them in their packaging at some firearm stores and they did look kind of cheap, but I have been seeking a holster for my H&K; USP 45 Compact for a while now to use as a home carry holster.The CONS:First I would like to start with the description.This is an area Amazon and their vendors need to fix. They need better descriptions and a way to contact the vendor for questions.  If you look at the photo you see a paddle behind the holster but the main title says belt. I was under the impression you get both just like Blackhawk holsters.  Well this one just come with a permanent fixed belt attachment. Ok, you know what they say about what happens when you ASSUME.Second issue I have which can also fall under the first issue I have is that this holster will NOT fit the H&K; USP 45 COMPACT if you have a rail adapter on it. (I have a GG&G; Slimline Rail adapter).  I was unable to find a review saying it would not fit and it says nothing about it in the description.Third issue: After removing my rail adapter, this holster doesn't really fit this firearm well, you can see that it is very tight and the seem of the holster is just about splitting. Definitely will put wear on the finish of my firearm if used often.Fourth issue the mold has bumps and scratches all over it like it has been used.The PROS:Low cost for someone who wants a belt attached holster.If you own a threaded barrel, this will fit.That's my gripe.Overview:I will be keeping this holster because when i received it I didn't bother to look and see the packaging was zip-locked and I ripped it open so this item will not be resellable as &#34;NEW&#34;.I did try some of the other firearms I own and my Sig Sauer Mosquito slides in this well however the sight clips the bottom of the holster when drawing the firearm.There is a seperate paddle adapter you can purchase for this holster right here on Amazon for just under $10.00, but if you do the math, you are better off buying a BlackHawk serpa holster as they are definitely better quality as I own a bunch with carbon fiber detailing for my other firearms and they come with both attachments (Paddle and Belt) and cost is about the same if you buy the paddle adapter.  Unfortunately I did not have enough patience to wait for one for my USP.  I believe they just recently made one for it, not sure if the rail adapter will fit either.As information for some people reading this that is about to recommend a custom Kydex holster.  I do have one that will fit with a light attachment (Raven Concealment).I just wanted one that I can quickly slap on when I need one on my person right away for when unknown people are at my doorstep ringing my doorbell.  I do not want to do it &#34;Ghetto Style&#34; and do a Plaxico.I've been getting a lot of unprofessional solicitors recently showing up at my door (No ID and looking suspicious) and it just takes one time.. I will not longer accept that risk.Hope this review helps someone's decision.
Fobus usually makes great gear, but this mag holder didn't secure to my belt with the paddle as well as I required. Having two G20 mags on your belt is challenging enough without worrying about them falling off. I don't fault Fobus for this, but it just didn't work for me.
Can't really reholster after a draw because the holster is so flimsy.  Good quality leather, and a good way to store a gun, but not useful as a holster.
I am 6'1&#34; and I could not get this to fit me in a way which was comfortable to wear. Ended up returning it and going with a Galco brand holster which is much more comfortable to wear all day.
The one step is great if you can put it together. Trius should revise the instructions because you get it half together and find out the rest of the instructions aren't there. The instructions only tell you how to put the base of it together but leave off how to assemble the working mechanism. I emailed Trius and asked if they had an updated set of instructions. After about a week and no response I emailed them again asking why they hadn't tried to answer my email. The response I got was &#34; just attach the arm and the spring and you'll be good to go &#34; ! ...... DUHI looked at a few of the other reviews that mentioned the same problems putting it together so I looked at the box and did what I  thought I should do. I had a couple of parts left over and tried to figure where they went and I still haven't figured that out but it works.I've put some fairly complicated things together in the past and the one step should have been easy. The problem is safety. The sling arm is made of sheet metal and when the spring releases it with a lot of force you wouldn't want any kind of malfunction. There are a couple of very sharp edges on the sling arm that should have been made smooth because they are razor sharp.Bottom line is a good device without the essential instructions and the worst customer service I've had to deal with other than Centurylink !
This bag is not what I expected. I use it to carry my Marlin 336 scoped back and forth and it's a very, VERY tight fit. I end up having to close the case halfway and then shoving the gun inside. The case is 43" and the 336 is 38.5" so it should have worked out better. I might get something else...
The one that I received can only hold 20 gauge shells.  There is no chance of fitting a 12 gauge shell through any of the loops.  Good price and good concept, but the quality control doesn't seem to be there.
What can I say beyond, I don't like this sling and I wouldn't recommend that anyone purchase it.  The sling appears to be well made and it's not reflective of Allen Company's other products.  The main issue is that the pad is located in the wrong place.  It doesn't matter how big or small you are, it just doesn't sit in the right place.
This will work in a pinch but is not nearly as good as using a standard sling with hardware. I use it with an air rifle that I didn't want to drill and put hardware on. It hasn't broke yet, but not sure I would trust it with a high dollar gun.
When mounted on a shoulder harness the mags would not stay in with movement{ running } except straight up .Not how I want to carry them . ...
These patches are way thicker than the name brand patches.That means that unless you have a really skinny rod,  you are not going to be able to push them through their advertised caliber..I ordered these and .30 cal. and I assume that they are cut from the same cloth.I could not push the .30 cal through so I had to use the .223 size.I will not buy these again.
its almost as if they used some other sort of perviously used material and cut it up into patches and resold it.As opposed to the mater being utilized as a first time use specifically employed for the purpose of patch material.
These are about 1/2 the price as the ones in my local outdoor store. They are also about 1/2 the quality, I end up using 2 times the amount if not more when cleaning. They are very thin and the threads come out easily. If your looking for cheap, look no further. You get what you pay for with these.
I like the holster but it didn't fit my Smith & Wesson Bodyguard 38 and it is J frame. I have been told Fobus is one of the absolute best holsters world wide. It just didn't work for me.
Purchase this to use with my 2.5 in .38 Special but it was not comfortable probably because im not privvy to having such a had object on my hip. Im more accustomed to leather rigs that are attached to my tactical belt..to each their own.
Don't understand all the five star ratings for this &#34;rifle sling&#34;.  I wouldn't risk a real rifle with it.  Might work for a BB gun or a clicker toy but not for a heavy weapon - just sayin' ~:0)
The locking tab on the valve stem end won't stay locked so you have to hold the tab while you try and pump with one hand. And it was more of a work out trying to pump a bike tire to 35 psi than the bike ride after, I could not imagine pumping something up to the 70 psi this thing is supposedly rated for.
Makes a very nice spark but it is tough to shave the other side. It is very hard to keep the shavings in a pile, especially in any wind, and they burn very quickly so you need a lot to get tender to catch. In an emergency if this is all you have you can get it to work but for regular fire starting duties stick with something else.
I suppose if you work at it,it'll eventually (15 minutes +)get a decent pile of shavings(at least a dime size amount).Perhaps it takes time and practice to get somewhere with it.But in the event of needing it,say for camping or survival reasons,you'd be basically S.O.L.!.Don't hold your breath.Coghlans does have a few worthwhile products,but the magnesium fire starter(and Coghlans fire steel with striker)are a waste of money.

Coghlan's Magnesium Fire Starter is a failure of a product if your life were to depend on it to start a life saving fire. In general magnesium is a great method to start a fire and anyone who travels in the outdoors for backpacking or camping should have numerous methods to start a fire. I have used magnesium fire starters from other companies numerous times and they have worked flawlessly. The problem is with the Coghlan's brand. I have experienced on three separate occasions with three different Coghlan's magnesium fire starters that the striker rod detaches from the magnesium bar. For people that do not have redundant fire starting methods and are counting on this product they may be in for a big surprise if the striker rod gets lost as they will have a difficult time igniting the magnesium. It appears that the rod is poorly glued in to the magnesium piece. If Coghlans were able to properly secure the rod to the magnesium this would be a great product but it is too undependable especially for a survival situation when fire is absolutely needed.Due to the problem listed above I do NOT recommend Coghlan's Magnesium Fire Starter. I have successfully used magnesium fire starters from other companies that worked great. Stay away from Coghlan's.
I bought this through a local shop instead of Amazon, but I came on here to provide a warning to others...PROS:- easy to install- quick to connect/disconnect- cheapCONS:- you have to cut the end of the strap off to install this, essentially making it necessary to always have some kind of connector.- IT'S PLASTIC!!!! I used without any problems for a few months. One day after getting home from a ride on the highway I went to take off my helmet and the clip broke. I could only imagine being in a crash and having my helmet come off, or if it had come unsecured at 70mph and my helmet flew into the person/people behind me!it's VERY convenient, but I won't bet my life on a plastic clip again. it needs to be made of metal, not plastic.
the size of this cooler is not the dementions they say it is. it suppossed to be 25Lx14Wx13.5 deep. it is not. it is 23 3/4 X13 3/16 X14 1/8. way smaller than it says on line.
If you plan on doing serious backpacking these are not great socks. In really wet environments where wet feet are a fact of life these are utterly useless. Once wet, they stay that way for days literally. Very comfortable, great for dry climates or day hiking. NOT for wet environments at all. I'm sticking with my old GI socks, they dry in under an hour by a fire and a couple hours hanging from my pack and are pretty well just as comfortable.
I was looking for a pair of socks to keep my feet warm for road cycling.  These socks are good to wear around the house and walking outside.  However, for road cycling, they don't keep your feet warm below 45 degrees temperature.  Above 45, they work well.
My wife and I each received a scubapro cruiser snorkeling vest as wedding gifts for our honeymoon.Mine worked great (size large was good for me by the way, at 6'1" 185lbs), but her vest lost air after inflating it.It still provided visibility and protection from the sun, but it was a defective product.The 3rd party vendor, LeisurePro, has informed us that we can send it back to them and after an inspection they may ONLY issue a refund to the person who purchased the gift for us.I don't think that's the proper way to discretely deal with a gift return, nor is it the way Amazon deals with gift returns, but they won't budge on the issue.I come to Amazon because they stand behind their products and have a very good return policy in my opinion.  However, if you have a problem with this third party vendor, I think you're out of luck!
The length is amazing on this mat as is the thickness of it but after all that there is nothing positive i can possibly say about it!!I also bought the matching MatWare Sleeve which i had to return since i ended up sending this back as well.I tried everything i read and heard about trying to "break in" a mat and to make it stop being slippery but nothing worked on this mat!!Extremely disappointed i am just glad that i was able to return it and get a refund before i broke or cracked a bone or something!!I would never buy again nor would i recommend it.
I think I've had this for 4 months now, use it 2-3xs/week and I am still sliding on it. I love the regular heavy manduka pro, but it is quite heavy so I leave it at the other studio that I teach for, and use this one to carry with me. Not worth it. I should have just purchased another heavy manduka pro. There's no reason to spend upwards of $50 or $60 because this quality is more like a $30 mat.
Buy the Carhartt instead. This does what it is designed to do and it does it well (keeps your neck very warm) but the fleece quality is sub-par. It &#34;pills&#34; and just had a cheap, thin feel to it....I purchased the Carhartt neck gator also, and it is made of much better (thicker) material... my wife and kids have them too and all love it. There is a huge difference when your neck is kept warm in cold weather...it keeps your whole body more comfortable.
Having purchased Coghlan's items in the past, I thought I'd give this a try. It does have some good idea items, but quality is very poor.The good: the water proof bag.The bad: whistle with a pea?? cheap, cheap and cheap. Minor first aid items- band aid are cheap to begin with, not to include quality is just wrong period. A pencil & paper you probably have everywhere at home. matches, that are not water proof or at least strike anywhere? 5" of water proof tape, could you spare it? A rusty needle sticking thru plastic bag, cool.The not so bad: standard poncho, Mylar blanket, green light stick 12 hour, 2 fire starters, and a button compass, and smashed orange trail tape of cheap quality.String, rope, razor blades, smashed fishing line, snare, safety pins etc, just not worth it.Bottom line: you can put a better kit together your self cheaper with higher quality items. Or just spend the couple extra bucks and buy better quality from AMK or others. After all your talking about a SURVIVAL kit, your worth the extra money right??!! Get a pen & paper look at different kits and write down things that you want or will work for you and just get them. AMK survival kit is the best put together kit so far for the money. I also am putting together my own to see just what a quality kit will run.This kit was smashed, sliced thru and the box was trampled during delivery, not to mention the missing items!
I really thought that the number of positive reviews would have been accurate, but the bell which I received does not even sound like a bell.  Something is dampening the resonance and it just sounds like something rubbing against some metal.  I eneded up going to Walmart and buying a $5.00 &#34;Cars&#34; (the movie) bell.  It sounds much more like a traditional bike bell.Save the money and time and just buy a cheap bell from Walmart.  It may have a cartoon character on it (for me it is actually fun) but it is much louder, and really sounds like a traditional bell.
This product produces a slow flow due to its design. I bought it because a reviewer said it fits a Nalgene water bottle. And it will fit some. But the flow of water from it is very slow. I would not but it again. I would not even use it on a Dromedary water bag. The water bag  nozzle is good enough.
First off, though I tried to follow the instructions, I wound up with some problems where the bunched up portion of the wrists around my jacket didn't seem to get properly coated, and therefore let water into my rain coat that I treated.It seems like I used about an entire bottle of this stuff on one coat.  I may have over-applied it, even though some areas like the wrists didn't seem to be properly treated.Given that I may have had some mistakes in application, I am going to say that I wasn't impressed with the results.  After application, a couple of rainy walks seem to see the jacket start to wet out in various places again.  I could certainly see a lot more beading than soaking, but after a couple rains it seemed to wear off.I was hoping to avoid purchasing new raingear, and I gave it a shot, but from now on I'll just bite the bullet and get the new raingear.  While this product may turn out to be ok for casual walks around the block or to the store, I don't think it fits my needs (wearing my rain gear on motorcycle trips in heavy rain for 40 minutes or more).
I bought this as a mil dot upgrade for my .25 Marauder and returned it 5 days later because of signifigant issues with it.1. Ranging was way off. In sighting it in from a measured 25 yards, the ranging adjustment was off by at least 10 years -- scope read when it was at 25 and 40 when it was physically at 50.2. Lots of &#34;flare&#34; off the glass3. Would not hold zero. Bore sight it, correct it, shoot a one hole group at 25 yards. Put it carefully in the wall rack. Next day it is shooting high and left. Rezero, punch single holes. Next day, same issue again.Back it went.
Nothing against the scope rings but they where not tall enough for .257 and I had to send them back.
You get what you pay for. Honestly they aren't -bad-, they are innexpensive low profile rings that are good for a .22 or something, but they rattle to much with my .308 and my 5.56the main reason it lost an extra start instead of being average rating, is they are not only low profile, but I cannot look UNDER them because of the bolt in the way and I bought them to use with a rail that allows both the scope and irons, but this bolt is in the way, even though it doesn't look like it in the pic.
This does not tighten anywhere close to fitting the dovetails on a rifle.  I assume if a rail is installed it will fit the rail.  This item was returned.  If you know this will work for you the quality is good.
I put about 10 rounds past this sight and realized that the green plastic reflector had blown out and the sight post was elevated and turned to the side. Apparently the post was too long and had protruded into the barrel of my Mossberg 500 Persuader. I'm a little disappointed because I like the concept and the sight picture. I'll be looking at TruGlo for other products, but I'll be looking closely at the length of the post and may dremel it down until flush. (I guess I should have looked closely at the inside of the barrel before firing, but I'm a trusting guy.)
These are very small and expensive. Two cubes would not boil 16 oz. of water indoors out of the wind.There are better fuel choices. I don't get the 5 star reviews.
This box looked adequately constructed for its task but it was just too short and narrow to hold two golf bags with clubs. I therefore had to return it and instead got the larger Yakima RocketBox 15 Cargo Box (see my review and others on Amazon). The RocketBox easily holds two golf bags with clubs, a few pairs of shoes, sox, golf balls, etc., though it is no longer available on Amazon and costs more than the Thule 682.
good construction but ran small and didnt do well after a was even though I followed instructions. Might be taking a chance here.
These are far too expensive considering they don't live up to the hype. I wear a size 11 which is right in the middle of the large range and these squeeze so much they leave imprints on my legs and feet.  They also don't help sweat at all.  They actually make my feet sweat MORE than just regular cheapo socks from wal-mart.
I have several brands of wool socks, but these are the biggest dissapointment of any I own.  The are coming unraveled with every wash.
It's a great little mirror, but won't stick to my helmet. You need a flat area about two inches square, where you want to mount it. Also, the glue failed to stick to my plastic hard shell helmet. I would guess it's fine for styrofoam helmets.
Let me start with the mirror quality. Its bad. Its some reflective coated plastic which if you try to clean by rubbing will become very dull and unusable in night conditions.Then the mechanism for holding it is poor. adjusting the mirror to view the rear is pretty tricky and by the time you get it showing the rear view the ball and socket holding the mirror will become so loose that every time you encounter some road vibration you have to adjust it. The rest of the part is good. The arm holds on to the helmet. But due to its very poor mirror quality and mechanism I will not recommend anybody to buy it. Its a bad product.
I've had two of these and both failed in the stem area after 3-4 months of fairly heavy use. Had to glue to the helmet with contact cement.Worked pretty well until the stem failures. Mirror should be a little larger.
I have tried fitting this mirror on several sun glasses and can't quite get the area behind me and the bicycle rear area of interest. It's tough to find sun glasses that have hinged area, beyond ears and head, to mount the mirror with good rear views. I now use mirrors that attach to a bike helmet and extend well beyond ears, head and helmet. This requires less head twisting to see cars tailing me on the road than Cycleware mirrors.
this thing only works if you weear contacts because the go in the inside of the glass... sad to say i have prescription sunglasses and this was useless for me
I bought this for my son.  After a season, I had to replace it.  My son, is not a child, he is over 30 years old so it wasn't a matter of poor handling of the helmet.
After reading other reviews for this and people saying they had a large head and it fit them I pulled the trigger and purchased this item. It arrived today and I put it on, sort of... The darn thing doesn't fit my head! I turned the dial to make it as large as possible and even at the largest setting it just doesn't sit right on my head. And I'm not a large guy at all.The helmet itself looks decent, but I have to give it low rating because it doesn't fit and it's not comfortable to me even at the largest setting. Guess I will need to run down to the local store and get a helmet after I can try them on for size.This adult adjustable does NOT fit all head sizes.
I don't know how this helmet got such high reviews.As mentioned by others, the visor is a problem.  It is cheap and flimsy. It is made so that you can detach.  The holes for the pins on the visor do not snap in all the way and just keep it on.  The visor flew off twice today when I hit a moderate wind gust.The shell does not feel like it makes a tight fit with the styrofoam and just looks cheaply made.The only thing this helmet has going for it is the dial for adjusting to different head sizes and it is moderately comfortable.  The Giro Indicator is similar in price and puts this helmet to shame.
The helmet itself is of decent quality, not the highest quality but not expecting much more from a $18 helmet.After about 15min wearing it to test fit I got a headache.  Returned it.
I found this spotting scope nearly impossible to use, cheaply made with a very unstable and weak tripod.  I was so disappointed with the quality that I returned it to Amazon for a refund.  I gave it two stars, because someone with an enormous amount of patience might be able to get some use out of it.
Well I liked the idea of a compact spotting scope, but beyond 60 yards this thing is useless for target practice. Trying to focus it on a target 100 yards away to were you can see the holes somewhat clearly ain't going to happen. You're just going to end up with eye strain. I could see the holes in my target through my rifle scope much better than through this scope. The old saying &#34;you get what you pay for&#34; certainly applies here. Needless to say, it's going back.
Bottom Line: I have 20/20 vision and I had alot of trouble seeing target hits at 100 yards with this scope using .223 rifle. At 50 yards it was acceptable and I could clearly see bullet holes. Other problems include very poor eye relief and focusing as well. This scope will give you tired eyes and a headache so spend another 30 or so dollars and get a larger more manageable scope.
Picked this scope up based upon favorable recommendations on Amazon, but have been disappointed.  Great for 50 yards and shorter, but challenging at 100 yards because field of vision is so small and supplied tripod is quite cheap.  Anything over 100 yards is impossible.  If you need something cheap for shorter ranges it will be fine, but not for long range rifles unless you want some exercise.  I also notice the price went up since I purchased making the whole deal less than a value.
I have given this product two stars.  The gloves are just fine, but my prior review did not make the censors happy, so now I have taken my review down to a two.  Don't worry though, the gloves are as advertised.  Hopefully this review passes the Amazon censor test.
I learned my lesson with inexpensive shorts.For short rides (under 15 miles), these shorts may be fine.  But I made the mistake of using them on a 65 mile (mostly) mountain bike ride.  They simply did not do the job and I was really suffering for the last 20 miles.  The fit was "OK," but not great.  The padding was sub-par at best.  If you are a casual rider, looking for a little added support, these may be fine.  But be careful if you are heading out for a long ride because these will not do the job.
This is the 3rd cycling shorts brand I've tried and without reservation the worst designed.  The elastic in the thigh area is unbelievably tight but at the waist the exact opposite.  I definetly won't buy any more of these nor do I recommend them.
I decided to give these shorts a try. They are a disappointment. I ordered a medium and they fit like a large. The fabric is loose, however the elastic leg bands are tight and uncomfortable.The chamois is also sized weird. It is very small in the crotch area and provides little support.
I read and checked the size suggestions, and even though I ordered what should've been my size, it was too large. I have a 33&#34; waist and ordered a large (which was suggested for a 32-34&#34; waist). It was much to large, and the padding was hanging down...I felt like I was wearing a too big diaper that I took a dump in.
i tried on the Velo Gel at a store and decided to order these since they were 1/2 off..bad idea they were very thin, no compression at all, and the pad is minimal.
The navigation does not line up very well and the bell is Not loud at all {don't thank bell it's not going to ring that loud at all} Once again it comes down to cost to return an item
I guess you get what you pay for. I was hoping to use this as a navigational tool. My bad,
Since I purchased both this and the Eva-Dry I will use this review to compare the two.  This pales in comparison to the Eva-Dry E-333.  If money or space is super tight maybe this is a good option but otherwise the Eva-Dry is superior in every way except that it takes up more space (it's about 6"x6"x1.5").Reasons:It holds 100g of silica gelIt has a heating unit that dries it out by plugging it into the wall vs baking in an oven for hoursIt has a hanger attachmentThe window is easy to see the color of the silica - This unit I could barely see through the dark window to see the colorThe construction is much better - This one was almost separating at the edges and pink fluid was leeching out of the sides onto a paper towel once it was full
Great sized target with outlined kill zones but it's way too flimsy for dangling on a wire at a gun range.I have found that if you fold the top a few times in 1" increments about 2-3 times you can definitely use it.Taping other smaller targets to it (like one of the 100 pack gammo's) makes them useful but I don't think I'd buy these again.
These are ok but not great. All my friends are using really nice targets that allow you to see where you hit from a good distance, not these. The only use I've found was letting my grandson shoot his BB gun at these, he likes them cause they have the kill zones marked.
I gave two stars because I've had to make modifications to two Thule products to make them all work together AND you have to keep on shelling out money for everything to work as you want them too.  Obviously, the engineers at Thule haven't tried putting combinations of products in play to see their compatibility.  I have the Big Mouth, the Thule roof supports that it sits on, and the Thule fairing.  I bought the supports, then the Big Mouth so I can haul my road and off road bike, and then I had to shell out for the fairing because of the howling wind noise.  The major issue is that when you combine all three you have to begin modifying.  Due to the straps from the fairing, the long levers that hold the Big Mouth and the long bike strap levers all get in the way of each other.  To solve this issue I had to cut off half of the bike strap lever AND (since that wasn't enough) I had to cut off the lever that secures the Big Mouth to the supports.  In the end, it's a good product made less than average because Thule obviously didn't try it with different combinations of their other products (which you'll be forced to buy - ugh) and that's frustrating...for a product to be great it comes down to the details and no need for the customer who paid $$ to put in extra work to make things work...Thule has yet to figure this one out.
I've been researching spotting scopes for months now, and thought I'd found the perfect combination of price, value, and optics - but it was not to be.  I was encouraged by the positive reviews I'd read on this scope from several sources, as well as the endorsements from major magazines' gear reviews.  After using he scope for a few days, I feel betrayed.The first harbinger of trouble was when I unpacked the scope, and part of the tripod just fell apart.  Now, I knew the tripod wasn't going to be bulletproof, and that it was a light-duty included accessory that would require gentle handling, but REALLY?  It couldn't even make it out of the package before failing?I realize that any scopes less than German optics like Zeiss and Leica are going to be made in China, Korea, or the Philippines.  This was born out upon opening the box and being assaulted with that nauseating smell of Chinese rubber and plastic.  Ever been in a Harbor Freight Tools store?  Same smell.  I'd hoped that paying what this scope cost would ensure a little better fit and finish than the $59 versions at the local discount sporting goods store, but everything about it screams "cheap import..."  Crappy cardboard box, poorly made case, and that smell, that nauseating smell.But it's supposed to be about the optics, right?  So let's see how it performs.  Be forewarned, the scope is heavy.  While this gives it a solid feel, it's impossible to secure on any average tripod such that it doesn't vibrate and quiver if so much as breathed on.I knew eye relief would be a problem since I wear glasses, but at the higher powers the exit pupil is really hard to align.  I'm used to dropping my glasses to use most optics, but at anything above 20X moving your eye any fraction from the centerline of the eyepiece cause you to lose the field of vision instantly.  It's a game of trying to find the sweet spot to be able to actually see through the scope.The focus knob, while smooth and easy to turn, requires about a dozen turns from close focus to infinity.  Since I wanted this scope for both shooting range use as well as birding, that's a major problem since the Ring-Necked ducks I was trying to observe weren't inclined to sit still while I fiddled with the focus for 30 seconds trying to get things even close.A peek inside the objective end with a flashlight revealed a scarily crude quality of construction internally.  Rough nuts and bolts, gobbed with black paint.The "soft carrying case" is a crude canvas bag with no padding, but the dealbreaker is that the zipper is on the BOTTOM of the case!  You have pack everything in and turn it over, then if you're carrying it by the shoulder strap and the zippers aren't closed well, your scope falls out the bottom.If I'd paid $100 for this scope, I'd have resigned myself to having to live with these shortcomings for the price paid.  But at over 3X that, I feel like like I was badly misled.I can't imaging this being anyone's "best buy," and I can't imagine that a hundred dollar option could be any worse.  I'll never be able to swing a Leica scope, and I'm disappointed to find that everything in the sub-$500 range is just junk.
The legs on this target are extremely short and blunt tipped. Whoever designed this should explain how anybody can actually take it to a range and stick it in firm ground and expect it to stand up. If one has to design a stand to use it, it should be included.
Very quick and easy to install.  I like how I could adjust the height of the kick-stand in fairly small increments for that right amount of tilt while parking my kid's bike.But the lever is too close to the bike frame and too stiff that my kid can not kick it down to park his bike.
This unit was a little flimsy when I installed it.  Got hit with shipping and restocking charges when I returned it.  There are better units available at this price point.  This item was exactly as described and promptly shipped.
When I bought this item, it didn't list that it was made in China.  I just now noticed and it's too late to return.  Anyway, I don't like it for that reason.  I haven't used it and it's still in its packaging.
This is my second SOG knife.  The first knife I own is the SOG Twitch XL with the rosewood handle.  First, the quality control of the SOG assisted opening knives, I feel personally, is lacking.  On my first knife the assisted opening spring was broken.  You could not open the knife using the thumb stud.  I returned it and received a working replacement, but I was not impressed at all with the quality of the assisted opening mechanism.  The opening mechanism on this Twitch II knife is better, but I am still not impressed.  Even after oiling and using it still feels slow opening.  This knife is very over-hyped in terms of quality and caliber.  Thumb stud deployment of the blade or using the kick tang is only slightly better than average and doesn't have the authoritative snap like my Kershaw Leek or my CRKT Koji Hara Ichi knife or my Gerber Outrigger Assisted Opening knife.  The blade is sharp out of the box.  The lock back lever is too tight for such a small knife.  The spring clip is excessively strong.  Too strong to easily clip to your pocket, to slow to remove from your pocket. The build quality is good, but nothing exceptional, also non adjustable pivot.  From all the great reviews, I expected a better quality, high performance knife, especially at this price range.  Unfortunately, this will be the last SOG assisted opening knife I will purchase.  It is just an average quality, average performing knife.
I bought this knife in my search for a new EDC.  I was intrigued by the minimalist and attractive design and excited by the prospect of a nice auto-assist.My first impression when opening the box was, 'that's it?!'  I continued with my inspection of the knife, hoping that the spring-assisted open function would restore my excitement.  First attempt pressing the 'kicker' it only partially opened.  Needless to say, not impressed.  With repeated openings it seemed to ease into a better if uninspiring operation.  Its just so SLOW.Second of all its ridiculously small.  At 5'8, I am in no means a big guy, but the handle of this spans only 3/4 (about three fingers) of my palm.  My lady friend was there when I got the knife, she's a petite 5'1" and when she opened it, she complained that it was too small.Not sure what you're looking for, but this certainly wasn't what I was looking for.  SOG's product description was "Ergonomic, Lightweight Design Ensures Comfortable Use. Even if your blade is sharp, it's hard to make precise cuts if your knife doesn't fit comfortably in your hand. That's why this knife's handle is ergonomically contoured."  I don't agree with that at all.  If you have smaller hands like I do and find it uncomfortably small, I can't even imagine what a larger guy would think.  I'm not sure what 'ergonomic contour' this 3 1/2 inch handle has, but it doesn't feel special in the slightest.SOG makes some really excellent fixed blade knives.  This is my first venture into their folding knives arena.  I might be tempted to try another, but this is just on the edge of what I consider to be pricey for an everyday work knife.  I have no real use for this one.
I'm disappointed.Just received this and a Spyderco Tenacious today...the latter being GREAT...also expecting a United Cutlery Hibben III Survival Knife any moment...VERY excited about that one, but anyway...here's why I'm disappointed by the Twitch II...I took her out and pushed the kick...it didn't go all the way up into locking position. I tried it a few more times, to no avail, and came to the conclusion the pivot screw was too tight. Well...before I stuck my allen wrench in, I checked the blade for play...and wouldn't you know, it was NOTICEABLY LOOSE IN EVERY DIRECTION. This pissed me off because I knew it was already pretty tight...the only way I could get the play out was to tighten it to the point where the knife was basically unable to open normally...Knowing I was already out of luck with this one, I still tried to fix it on my own...tightened it up, a couple of drops of oil, worked the blade back and forth, et cetera...I've now got it where it flicks open like it's supposed to, but the blade remains loose (in both open and closed positions), and that's totally unacceptable to me...so it looks like I'll be sending this one back to SOG, or more likely returning it to Amazon to get my money back...It's a good looking, little knife...it was sharp enough out the box, and the lock back and safety were fine...but even if it locked as solidly as The Tenacious, this particular knife doesn't really appeal to me like I thought it would...Regards,SKULLSPLITTER - The CEO
When I attempt to draw this knife, the holster comes with it.  I have tried several different styles of boots with the same results.  I would not recommend this product as a boot knife unless you plan to use two hands
It is very tought to pull this knife from the sheath.  It has kind of a funny feel and balance.  Not crazy about it.  It does feel tough like it would stand up to abuse.  Good for a boot tucker and not much else.
I will just echo much of what "The Shepard" said about the knife.  It's almost impossible to remove it from the sheath without playing tug of war with yourself.  And to make a strange situation even more strange, the belt/boot clip that is an integral part of the sheath is so weak that it is useless for holding the knife in any location.....which is why I no longer own this knife.  Rideing my motorcycle today, the knife fell away somewhere on I40.  I don't miss it....Lynn Stubblefield
I own this very same knife and have for many years.  I have always liked Smith and Wesson knives and have very rarely been disappointed in any of them.  The knife itself in this set is just about the best boot knife I have ever come across.  Not only is the blade made of a thick strong steel, but the handle itself is by far the most comfortable and quality made one I have ever held in a boot knife.  Most boot knives are designed like a dagger, with a two sided blade.  This one is different in that its more like a skinner, with the handle being a thicker more conformed grip than any other I have come across.  It holds a very sharp edge and stays that way through some very heavy cutting with it.  Unfortunately the down side of this knife is its all important sheath.  For a S&W; model it is a downright embarrassment.  Its particularly disappointing since the knife itself as noted before is a personal favorite of mine and of a heavy quality.  I tried really hard to make the sheath on this baby work for I liked the knife so much.  The clip on it is cheap and doesn't hold on very well.  And even that wouldn't be so bad if the sheath itself was well designed for removing the knife.  But its just too hard. One has to wiggle the knife out of the sheath in such a way as to turn it right, then straight, and then right again.  Not something you either want to do, or find easy to do when bending over for the whole deal to get at your boot, as is often the case.  In most instances you simply give up and pull the sheath off your boot and extract the knife standing up.  (Which still isn't very easy).  This may be just about the worst sheath combined with the best knife I have come across in a very long time.  I wanted very much to make this knife a regular part of my hiking gear, but I just ended up finally keeping it in my shed for working around the yard with.  I realize of course that all boot knives are supposed to be a little tougher to extract since they can be more easily jarred loose.  But one thats near impossible, or at the very least a pain in the butt of the first order is just as bad.  Unfortunately this fine knife is of such a design that I have never been able to find a better sheath that really fits it.  Which is really too bad for I like the knife a lot and wish that someone at S&W; would actually try and remove this knife themselves, for then they would probably see the light and redesign it.In conclusion I cannot recommend this boot knife, even with the knife itself being a superior one. You will probably end up doing what I did and trying to make it work, and just eventually becoming fed up with it.  If its a really good quality boot knife you want with a truly super sheath system, may I recommend the Columbia River Knife at the enclosed link. Its more expensive, and though the knife is excellent and a good solid carbon steel, I still personally do not like it as much as the S&W.;  But its still a very tough quality built knife that comes with a sheath that is truly everything this S&W; one isn't.  Its a velcro strap design with a sheath that holds the knife very secure, but also can be extracted with just a good snap of your wrist.  Check it out.  Until S&W; decides to redesign this really cool knifes sheath, if ever, I cannot recommend it...Columbia River Knife and Tool 2020 AG Russell Sting Razor Sharp Edge Knife
sheath is a littl hard to work and the blade is very very heavy and thick im sure it would work but too heavy for me
As other people have noted, the sheath is worthless. It doesn't even seem to be made specifically for this knife. I'll be making a more durable one from card stock, duct tape, and truck bedliner spray. As for the knife, well, it's ok, but still only a three-star rating for it. I don't have big ape paws, but the handle on it is still too small. In a fencing-style grip, the pommel stud digs into the heel of my palm. The design of the blade shape leaves a full inch of blade from the hilt unsharpened, so it's effectively a 3.75" blade with a bit of extension, especially if you like to grip it with your thumb on top of the blade. A much better choice for only around $30 is theCold Steel Kobun Black Kraton Handle. You'll get a much better knife with a more usable blade and handle, and a sheath that the knife won't pierce when you insert it.
This is the Pro-Tec "Skate Helmet". Not certified, but good finish, good materials, and good looks. Fit is comfy too. They run small, so order one size up. I normally wear a "Large" Motorcycle helmet, and an "Extra Large" Protec.It wasn't disclosed in the description that these helmets do not meet any safety standards. There is even warning label on the box and on the helmet that the helmet "Offers Minimal protection", and  "does not meet any safety standards". It does have some protection foam, but it isn't CE/CPSC certified like it says in the description.It has a great look to it, and is very lightweight. Other helmets make you look like you've got a mushroom on your head, this one is form fitting and very light.Most certified helmets are a "one hit wonder", meaning they are designed to absorb impact by destroying the helmet instead of your head. Now if you were expecting many small bumps, this helmet would work, but for preventing brain truama this isn't certified.Bottom line - Good comfort, light weight, and good looks, but not a certified safety helmet.
The compus doesn't work and the twisers broke the first time I tried to pull it out.  Do not buy this item.  Spend a little more and get a Swiss Army knife.
Cool idea but not very practical.  The knife is OK, but the compass is garbage and the bottle opener is useless.
This item beside the steering wheel with a screw influence its operation: and if the item with the can opener open I canned: maybe I would rather choose starve to death!
the blade is fine, the tweezers and tooth-pick rival swiss army, the magnifying glass ok, the can opener is too small to grip, the compass GET LOST.for the money, i got mine back "returns are easy at amazon.com".
The reason I gave it 2 stars is because the compass doesn't work at all.the other tools work OK I guess.
In order to use the compass you have to remove the metal (can opener and knife and tweezers.) Which isn't a huge deal. The can opener/screwdriver is very small but also not a big deal. But the killer is how expensive it is, the only useful part is the knife and magnifier glass.
Good concept, bad quality. The compass don't point north, and its hard to get leverage with the knife. You're better off getting a low end leatherman.
Bought this because I wanted something foolproof and easy to operate. It arrived with a pretty scratched up stand, but I want results so I didn't make a fuss. I did a couple of burn tests on it and got reasonable results: 10 minutes or so boil time on 16 oz. of water uncovered pot. It was at this point that I noticed the burner leaks at the seam between the base and the top with the screw threads (not at the cap with the o ring). I am going to either not store fuel in it (pain in the ...) or try to use JB Weld as was suggested in another review.I will be back with an update at that time. In the meantime, please test the seal on the burner prior to using it. Put some fuel in it and turn it on it's side and rotate it around slowly, looking at the crimped seam where the base meets the top. I hope this saves someone else some trouble.Update 11/3/13:I went ahead and modified the base using the "Modified Trangia Stove" video I found here:ask.com/videos?geo=US&q;=Liberty+Westwindstovemodifications&prt;=360&locale;=en_US&o;=15527&chn;=retail&ver;=21&tpr;=10I still haven't been able to replicate the 7-minute boil time in the video. I use an uncovered pot and I am outdoors for my tests; those two factors are no doubt influencing my results. I did get an eight-minute boil in a covered pot, but that is my best time with this item.I did manage to stop the leak in the burner for now using some household cement I found lying around; I'll keep my fingers crossed for that, though I am still not going to store fuel in it.I'll be back with more later.
The shirt fit well, but the buttons are located in a weird layout. The top button was to high as it would choke me if I kept it buttoned. So I kept the button undone. By doing this, it felt like half of my chest was hanging out because the next button down was much lower. .
I'm 6 foot 175 with a 42 inch chest and 32 inch waist and bought a large.  This thing fits like hammer pants for my torso.  If you have an athletic build, avoid it.
I was very excited for this. In my childhood I used several whistles, having a super loud whistle could only be good for my family safety out in the mountains.I was wary because of the reviews stating that is not really that loud unless you really puff like a big bad wolf, well they are true, and worst than I thought.My 6 year old has issues blowing for a three seconds rescue signal.If I puff without really putting myself in it, is no louder than some cheap plastic party whistles out there.My 5 year old, constantly closes the chamber exits, so no sound for him if he is not really paying attention.In the end, not good as a security device.
I really want to like this knife. The blade is decent. The assisted-open function is one of my favorites. The size and fit for my hand, along with the grip and ridging, are perfect for me and the way I prefer to hold a knife for self-defense or emergency cutting. For the price - I hoped this would replace one of my Benchmade or Spidercos for EDC. If this had held up to EDC - I would have several of these. Alas - it is not to be.This knife was obviously never field-tested, or it would not exist with this design.Fundamental Design Flaws:Blade Safety-Lock - the safety lock on the blade, ostensibly for safe use while on boats (cut lines with backside blade-slot) is dangerous for EDC or emergency use. If put in the pocket, it invariably locks itself after a few minutes of activity. Unfortunately, the lock is at the top of the blade by the pocket clip. Which means for any reasonable draw given the assisted-opener design of this knife - you would have to draw the knife, reverse, unlock the lock with the thumb, then reverse again and open. Fail.Pocket-clip catch - the pocket clip on the knife is not flush at the top where it attaches. The opening at the top of the clip follows over to the top of the knife in an L-angle. What this means is that if you attach it to a pocket of any type that has a thick seam at the top (double/triple-stitched) the seam will work it's way to the top, and then over the top into the small "L" part of the clip. What this really means is that if you have to get at this knife in an emergency - you will not be able to draw it - the pocket seam will be caught at the top of the clip. The seam will work up and over the "L" (into the small part of the "L", at the top) and good luck getting the knife free then. This has happened to me dozens of times. Fail.Blade finish - as a last ditch I used this as a camping knife. The finish on the blade is susceptible to acids. All it took was cutting tomatoes to stain it... (polishing with gun oils eventually reduced the stains).Really disappointing. I had great luck with SOG knives before they got into folders, and started shipping their fixed-blade manufacturing from Japan to China.
Well I was so thrilled about getting this knife...but when it arrived; I was completely disappointed by the blades not so sharp blade and the over-all cheap feel of the knife. I mean c'mon I own a $20 Kershaw knife thats made better than this knife and my little Kershaws blade is way sharper! Hell I have a $26 Gerber knife thats sharper than this SOG. I just feel like I got played for my money with this purchase. Don't get me wrong i still like SOG knives and I own atleast 8 or 9 but this Flash II is a let down IMHO.  It looks cool but that's about it!
Was expecting a cork ball inside to make it sound like a real whistle but nothing there. Would not recommend.
I wear lots of compression shorts from a wide range of brands. I wear them for lifting, running, basketball, and even general day-to-day use. That said, these are the first that I've run into that I actually dislike. Simply put, they're cut weird. They're a tad too tight (mainly around the waist), and they seem too long. (i.e. They ride above my waste.) They just don't work for me.So far, I've come to find that Nike and Champion offer the best for my build and body type. Nike's are great, but I can't say they're worth the extra price of Champions that you can find on Amazon. Regardless of my choice between those, there's no doubt that I won't be buying any more of this style. (I plan to check out other Adidas options to see whether it's a brand thing or just a specific thing to this particular product.)
I have lots of these ,  using them almost daily as underware .  my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago.  my two most recent purchases of these has yielded  a variety of quality and sizes .  seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control  .  won't be buying again
I love two things:  cigars and golf.  I always have to put my cigar on the ground, or balance it on the cart somewhere.  I finally ordered this thing, which arrived in the mail super-quick.  It's also much, much cheaper here than it is in a store.  I found it in a store near me for like $16!  So, there's no doubt that you should buy it here.  My main concern is the size of the clip: it's ENORMOUS.  Like, ridiculously so.  Are you going to clip it to a telephone pole?  It's laughably huge.  Also, to put your cigar in this thing, you need two hands free - one to open the smaller clip, and another to place your cigar.  It's a bad idea - in golf I'm always holding a club or a beer or my divot fixer.  It's inconvenient to have to have both hands free.  I just want to set my cigar down in a safe place where it won't blow away or get dirty.  I see other options out there and ended up buying the "Cigar Compadre" because I don't like this one.It's OK that this clip is enormous, because you can clip it to anything - golf bag, cart, etc.  But it kind of crushes your cigar.  Over time, the small clip that holds the cigar wore away at the wrapper and caused it to tear and come undone.  Also, once your cigar gets smaller, it's really hard to place in the small clip and then retrieve it afterwards.This works OK but the ridiculous size and two-hand-design is weak.  I wouldn't recommend it for a golfer.
I have owned this watch for a little over a year.  Style wise, it was exactly what I was looking for and it had all of the bells and whistles that I like in a watch.  Unfortunately, it's poorly constructed.  Just after the year mark (so I was just outside of the warranty), the analog watch hands stopped working.  The watch band is also starting to fall apart. A watch of this price should last longer than a year.
Well, if I were truly hungry, I might try it again.I used boiling water, 2 cups, and followed the directions.  By the end of the standing time it was cooling off and wasn't cooked.  I thought about pouring it into a pan and boiling it but that would have defeated the purpose of having a quick, easy meal with little cleanup, so I ate the noodles out of it (they were good) and gave the rest to my dogs.
Tasted ok but looked like soup.  White soup with brown crumbs floating in it.  If you get it, bring a spoon.
I bought this and found it to be extremely cheaply made and not water proof at all, I would not recommend buying this unless you are looking to waste money on such a poorly made item not even good enough for a gift.
Guide rod was accurate out of the box-- impressively so in my case-- and wow what a great concept.  At 450 rounds laser stopped functioning.  Replaced battery, still did not function.  Gave it a whack, back in business (at this point I'm already busy ordering night sights).  50 more rounds-- dead.  This rod was in a nightstand gun that saw fairly regular range practice only, with perhaps 10% +P (as if it should matter).  Won't be buying again.A couple more observations:  Battery cap is of poor design and flimsy construction, and is clearly a weak link in the system.  Spring tension seemed far beyond Glock spec 18 lbs.Oh well.  Absolutely a ripoff at 300 bucks.
These were not good for the indoor range (too big and thin) and outdoors, they are very hard to see with iron sights since it is such a large black area.
This is okay for sporadic use, but it is a pain use for long periods. Its uncomfortable and the velcro does not last. There were a few instances where the velcro failed and the bow was unintentionally released. If used, please check the velcro before releasing.
Causes shots off far left no matter how much I adjust right.The trigger is too sensitive. It is a hair trigger and just thinking about putting a finger close to the trigger will cause it to release.Comfortable on the wrist, but waaaaaaaaaaaaay too sensitive.
Works great in high wind but flame width at such a high temp can be felt quickly on thumb while holding down fuel release.Uses up the onboard fuel quickly so if you plan on regular use during a weekend hike. You better bring refill.
The hinge is made of plastic,it breaks so easily.I can still keep it closed,with that metal hook thingy,hopefully it will stay shut and dry,when god decides to flood the Earth again.
This thing chugs fuel.  I cannot understand why because it only generates the smallest of flames.  It may not blow out and it may be rugged, but as a camper, I want a lighter that's going to carry a couple weeks of fuel and can help in wet light scenarios, not something that dies after a few uses and is difficult to use.
The item arrived packaged in a cardboard box with little padding.  There was a small dent on the bottom, but I am going to put many more dents in it before I am done.  The worst part of the design is that the lower handle-ring is attached to the body by two rivets that extend into the container.  These rivets are postioned 2-1/4 inches from the pottom of the pot.  As soon as I got this pot in the mail, I filled it with water and put it on a napkin.  Sure enough, the left rivet leaks at the rate of about 1 drop per second or so.  The handle-ring connection that the rivet secures is oriented such that it provides maximum stress on the rivets each time the handle is "pulled", and therefore puts maximum stress on the rivets which implies that even if the rivets were to be pounded to fit more snugly in the holes, they would eventually be loosened by using the handle.  A simple band around the outside of the body would have provided a better connectionpoint for the handle-ring and the body of the pot could keeps its integrity.  Alternatively, I would have much preferred the handle-ring connection to be spot welded in place (no rivets) or to not be there at all.  Drilling holes into a pot for rivets does not make sense, expecially only a third of the way from the bottom.  If you do use rivets, at least make sure they work.  These rivets don't.I did not test the water-integrity of the rivets holding the bailing handle. They are located only 1-1/4 inches from the brim, and I do not envision filling it up that far.  The bailing handle was pretty nice in that it was designed to hold the handle securely in standard positions of "straight up" and just above horizontal on either side.The pot is the right size, 6-5/8 inches tall to the edge of the brim, 5-1/4 inches in diameter at the bottom, with little/no taper going up.It weighs in at .7 pounds without the percolation stuff inside.It is .9 pounds with the percolation stuff inside.The little clear knob on top is clear plastic.The price was right, so I may experiment with trying to modify the design of the pot to eliminate the lower rivet holes.You get what you pay for.  In this case, the price only covers a potentially nice pot that is ruined by stupid engineering.
I had a 12 year old boat that I never washed or waxed the entire time I owned it. I didn't know I needed to. I kept the boat in Ontario, and I live in Pennsylvania. The boat was either in the water or in winter storage in the marina. So I had a very dull gel-coat issue. I bought this thinking that this would do the job, because it had an aggressive and polishing characteristics. I should have bought perhaps 3 buffing compounds: course, medium, and fine.
COST MORE TO SHIP THEN THE PRODUCT, overcharged for a very small package, was charged $4.55 for a package that had less than a dollar postage on it. The description was right on and the time for arrival was great. Just the cost to mail it. In the future I will just buy generic Tampons to start my fire. CHEAPER
They remind me of bore cleaner patch semi compressed.Save your money.  Save some dryer lint.  I asked my wife to save some lint but I guess forgot to say how much.  I had a quart bag filled with in a month.  Make some small packs about the same size as these and add some little Vaseline to it.  No, not to make you Squeal like a pig on your next river trip or for your next trip to Broke Back mountain.It helps to keep a spark and small flame.Works great for me with a flint.
Perfect for the lazy. For this I am lazy, you can have the same thing with $0.10 worth of thread and cotton balls if you want to take the time to make them.
I am not sure what I was expecting, but what I recieved was 10 pieces of cotton. I would have been better served to buy a large bag of cotton balls for half the price
There are many other products that will work better under worst environments but are a little more expensive. I would put this product in the same category as Vaseline impregnated cotton balls. The fact is, cotton balls with a little Vaseline is SO much cheaper.I would NOT suggest this product to a friend and I wished that I had not spent the money on this.
Wow, to think I bought this!  It works fine - that's the good news.  However, now that I know better, it's much more cost-effective and practical to just buy a few hundred cotton balls and massage some Vaseline into them and then put them in a pill bottle for tinder.
I gave this air soft rifle to my grandson for Christmas. What a hunk of junk. The farthest a pellet came out of this gun was about 25 feet. The bipod legs broke the first day. Don't waste your money on this one!!!
I try to avoid writing negative reviews for a product when I can, but in this case I feel like its needed.I got my bottle of No Rinse yesterday in the mail. Coincidentally my hands were dirty from working on my Jeep so I tried it out right away. It worked awesome!Heres my problem though: I purchased this as part of my emergency kit, not to sit around the house. After using it I closed the top of the bottle and noticed it didn't look like it made a great seal. I then turned the bottle over and shook it vigorously and a bunch of drops of the Body Wash fell out. It saddens me to know that even if I used a small ziplock bag to carry this with me I'm going to loose some of it from leaking.I don't recommend buying this particular product unless you plan on keeping it on a shelf in your garage.
I bought this to use as an overbag when flying with my frame pack on backpacking trips, so that all of the various straps and buckles, etc. aren't hanging out there to get caught in the luggage equipment.  The bag is plenty big to hold my pack, but the material isn't nearly as heavy as the smaller Army-surplus bags I already own, and the clip that holds the top closed is a joke.  It bent and popped open the first time I yanked on it.  That's it: I can't trust it on a plane.  The bag will still be useful, I suppose, and it's not very expensive... but don't count on it to be heavy-duty.
I got 2 of each of the three sizes, six duffle bags in all.  It's not like I collect duffles as I had none.  They do the job and that's it.The material is sturdy, almost like canvas.  Zippers are large and yet a bit plastic.  There are handles on the side in the middle and on one end.  There are metal rings to fasten a shoulder strap, but no strap was included.
I couldn't get it to focus properly -- must have gotten a bad one. It was sold to me as a used item, so maybe that's why the first guy returned it. I just returned it -- didn't use it.
This OK for storing two bikes in a fairly quiet part of the house.It's built OK; not terribly stable or strong, but will do the trick cheaply.Had some issues trying to set it up, pinched fingers, bicycle rotating and the hooks dropping to ground (with the bicycle in top rack on it! the problem seems to be the square section of the top part, as opposed to the round shape of the twist lock). As a result, I have forbidden my child to touch or go anywhere near it or the bicycles it holds.
The shirt was great when I first put it on, but after the day of hunting it really stretched out especially the cuffs around my wrist and the neck area. Washed it on gentle with VERY little detergent and with a jacket, pants, gloves and more. Hung it up to dry and pretty much all the color is gone.
I have to return this item because it is so unflattering - the material is what you would expect for being so inexpensive but the sleeves hand like they were inexpertly cut somehow.
I am a 3XL. I am 300lbs and 5' 10&#34; tall. Other 3XL fit great on me. These shirts are too short, lifting your hands exposes your belly. I'm sure if you're not a large person like me, they probably fit fine.
The shirt itself is ok, the fit was way to tight. these run a bit small. I normally wear a large, wish i woulda ordered an XL. It'll be a good oil rag.
Not soft but fit is ok, just a little small.  Just not up to par with my Kirkland tshirts.  Will try another brand.
Bought a few, fit varies and quality is just so so. Was looking for some decent gym shirts but they will end up being car rags.
Only time will tell how long they last. But I've had shirts from expensive mail order houses that wore through the elbow in less than a year, and from cheap no-names that lasted ten years. These look nice both with jeans and with a sport jacket.* * *Follow-up less than two months later: After only a few wearings and washings, two of these have started to come apart at the seams. This shirt is way too light and flimsy. I would not buy these again. Dropped my rating from four stars to two. Hopefully my two remaining shirts will last longer.I will stick to the Hanes, which seem to be better quality.
This shirt looked so wide at the waist, but the arms were normal. This made the shirt look like a gown or dress. Not worth it.
Upon the first where it is excellent. Once you start washing it though, expect trouble. It does not stand up well to washing it all. In my wash on gentle cycle, with gentle detergent, in the most gentle fashion. I would say find a different product.
I bought this from Ross for like 4 bucks.  I liked it, until it broke after 2-3 weeks.  The rope rubs at the handle and will eventually break.  The rope weight is good and it spins well, so I'll give it two stars, but it is not durable whatsoever.  I think other reviews have said the same thing.  I just bought the Valeo deluxe speed rope, and that seems way more durable and it spins even better in my opinion.
Feet are unbalanced  good set of quality crampons  will work in ice and snow much better. the price was low so I thought why not try them.  They look good on camera for stage shots.Would not recommend in real use.
Its just plain hard to climb trees with these. it would be better if there were spikes more on the inside of your foot, not the bottom. One of the spikes fell of after my 3 attempt of climbing a tree (with my hand claws too). I guess these would be good for hiking or something but not climbing.
The gloves are comfortable and turn swimming into a bigger workout.  There are two things that would improve these gloves. 1. Exposed so I could fix my mask or snorkle etc.  This way I have to remove the gloves to do that and these gloves are not easy to put on or off. 2. Make them out of a UV material. I have the black and I think they must absorb the sunlight because my hands are a very dark tan.  I apply sunscreen now.
The frame was completely bent.Not destroyed but when I wore it, it will be slanted on my face.I put it on a flat surface and it is slanted nearly 2cm.Love the lens, hate the frame.
These snap caps look great at first, but really scratch up with even the gentlest of use. I gave it a two because my firing pin is pretty well protected by this thing. When you only get two for this price, its not quite worth it!
i have a wasr 10 and sometimes, not every time, these will jam up making it hard to pull the bolt back and get them out
i am having some problems with these, getting them to eject on cycling the action.  i have not tried them in different guns.  just the cm9.
IT DOES THE JOB INTENDED TO, BUT I WAS EXPECTING SOMETHING WITH GOOD QUALITY AND BETTER LOOKING SNAP CAPS. FAIR ENOUGH. AMAZON EVEN GOT THE BALLS OF CHARGING ME TAX???. SINCE WHEN, SHAME ON YOU AMAZON. EBAY IS BETTER.
They aren't normal 9mm round size and if you eject the magazine while the cap is in it will fall out..
These snap caps are high quality pieces of manufacturing, and I have no doubt as to their durability and the protection that they afford to a weapon's firing pin, barrel, etc.However, I have to give these snap caps only a two star rating because they do not function properly in my 9mm pistol.  Upon loading the snap caps into the chamber of the weapon, the slide would not close completly from the force of the recoil spring alone - I had to assist the slide closed.  I know that the issue is not the weapon itself because it loads actual bullets without a hitch.Once a snap cap was successfully slammed home it functioned as expected.  However, once removed, I found that the anodizing on the base of the snap cap had been scraped away, and had to clean shards of marroon anodizing out of the slide of my 9mm.I can only think that A-Zoom's 9mm snap caps must be machined to slightly incorrect specifications or that I got a "bad batch", as I have bought A-Zoom .22 action proving rounds and .44 magnum snap caps that perform flawlessly.Needless to say that I do not think that these 9mm snap caps are representative of A-Zoom's other products which have served me well in the past, but these particular caps did not live up to expectations or the A-Zoom name.
bought this elsewhere and not even 25 fires to one, and almost tears apart.  the area where the firing pin hits is almost pushed inside.Piece of gargabe product!
The finish chipped pretty easily, and now they feed very inconsistently.  I would feed them through a gun after every cleaning, and they were good for about a dozen cleanings.
I guess I should have read the negative reviews a bit more closely. These look and feel great, but they don't do the one thing they really need to do - FEED. I've run round after round of regular, production ammo through my 9mm with no problems. Pop these guys in for a little practice and they don't fit. Once in awhile a round would feed properly and allow the slide to go full forward, but that was the exception, not the rule. Out of 10 of these caps, only 2 actually functioned properly. They've gone back to Amazon and I'll try another brand. Very disappointed. If they could clean up the tolerances on these, they would be a great product.
Thought this was ok until I received another brand and compared . The Birchwood Casey cloth seems dry like an ordinary cloth . Leaves little or no silicone on object being wiped down .
Thought these would be like shoo 'n see targets with high visibility after being shot. Unfortunately, their nothing but orange stickers and cannot see where your hitting even at 25yds. Disappointed.
Crystal clear but unless rour head and eye are exactly the same shot to shot the point of impact moves alot.
I have a hard time believing all the hype that claims these lasers are "the bomb" unless those reviewers are rating it strictly off "cool factor". I bought this for my wife thinking it would help her easily and mindlessly acquire her target in a high stress situation when she takes a grip on her Glock 19 Gen 4. Unfortunately the laser doesn't activate without her having to change her grip. I took the gun and also found that the laser wouldn't activate by taking my normal grip. I let my friend use the gun and he too could not get the laser to activate by taking his normal grip. I then asked a member of our gun club to try it and he also had trouble making the laser activate without having to modify his grip. He said it's been a common criticism he's heard from many Crimson Trace owners at our club. Additionally, these rear button activated CTC Lasers have an on/off switch making it difficult to activate and use in a high stress situation unless you leave that switch on all the time.Unfortunately I had gone on a gun buying binge during the holidays. In addition to that Glock 19 Gen 4 I also bought two other guns off Gunbroker that came with Crimson Trace sights before I knew they weren't as "seemless" to activate as they would lead you to believe. Those guns were a 905 Taurus revolver and a Ruger LCR 22 LR. Both of those revolvers have activation buttons on the front of the grip and BOTH of those guns presented the same problem, they won't activate without having to radically change your grip. I had friends, family and fellow members of our club try them and they all came to that same conclusion. My factory installed CTC for the Ruger LCR 22 LR also has an on/off switch on the bottom of the grip to activate the laser but you're probably not reaching for a 22 LR in a defensive situation.I just bought a Ruger LC9 and put a Lasermax sight on the front. The Lasermax must be manually activated and stays on until turned off but at least you don't have to modify your grip awkwardly to make it light up. The activation button is conveniently located. After practicing your "draw" a little you'll learn to easily activate the button and quickly acquire the target. They're also about $100.00 cheaper than the CTC Lasers.I do not work for (or against) either company. I'm only offering the experience I've had with three different with the CTC Lasers. Your mileage may vary. Better to try both types at a local gun store BEFORE you buy one. Both CTC and Lasermax are quickly becoming stock components on many of the major manufacturers guns. It shouldn't be too hard to find a demo.Good luck and shoot safe!
None of these aftermarket on grip laser's are that great. i would go for a combo led flashlight laser combo that sits on the rail.
As others have said, but I did not notice, this is not for break barrel pellet rifles.  I wish I had seen that in the product description!
I paid far too much for this item (pellgun oil).  I found it at Walmart and academy Sports and Outdoors for $2.98.  Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.  Don't be fooled learn from my experience.  At 5.98 for 1/4 ounce that would equate to nearly 24.00 an ounce.  Get the point!
These pellets have visible seams on them and are quite inconsistent. They don't shoot well at all in my crosman phantom(2-4 inch groups at 20 yds). The skirts aren't very good quality and show visible deformations. They do shoot better groups  with a 600 fps gun but if you want an inexpensive pellet the destroyers are the ones to get. Iv'e managed sub 1 inch groups with the destroyers in my crosman pumpmaster.
As i reviewed earlier on the co2's, i cannot figure out which one is leaking out air. It is either the co'2s or the b b gun. Either way i cannot give either product two thumbs up.
I found using these disks distorted my thinking.  I lost the reason for drinking.  I threw these away and now use beer cans again.  I guess that's one way of recycling.
The page didn't make it obvious these were tiny.  Should make it more obvious. That sort of dales tactic isn't necessary.
After trying the ankle holster, and being unhappy with it for it slipping if I was wearing a sock under it, I hoped to save my investment with this "accessory".I guess they designed this for a very tall and very large leg person (I'm 6ft, 170lbs).  The strap that connects the strap itself to the holster is way too long.  The velcro pad to attach back to the strap is very small, and so when I try to use it to keep the holster high enough, the strap won't close.The actual calf strap part is also enormous.  There is so much extra that it almost wraps around my leg twice.  It too has a certain designed landing spot that is too small so I have left over strap that flops about.  If I wanted to put this on the fat part of the calf the first problem comes into play, the strap connecting it to the gun is too long.Also the strap does hurt.  It is not smooth like the holster is, and can easily dig into your leg, rub skin, etc.I guess my next attempt will be using duct tape to get it to fit right, but at that point I could pretty much make a replacement rig of just duct tape and it would probably work better than this.
I tried to use but found too cumbersome and uncomfortable.  I prefer to use my Galco ankle holsters without the calf strap.
Dear Gerber,The silver trident I received was not sharp enough to cut through thin white printer paper without "crinkling" or tearing it.I have purchased several knifes from amazon and all of them can cleanly cut through paper with ease but this one does not, please respond with feedback.In addition, any other sheath available for this knife?This is not what I expect from Gerber or a knife in this price range.
I know Glock products always seem to get glowing reviews, I think this is just plan junk. I know almost sacrilegious right? You want honest or the truth? Tested with my G21 gen 3 and my G30 gen4. I know its not listed for the G30 but seems to work the same with the G30 or G21.The pull necessary to release your weapon from the holster is way beyond what should be necessary. The up and down play on your belt plus it being so tight on your weapon means you have to pull upwards twice as far as most holsters. The wings for the belt stick out so far its almost impossible to find a spot where your belt pants loops can hold it against the needed upward pull. I find I need to use my weak hand to hold the holster down when I draw my weapon. Other reviewers suggested silicon spray but this only helped a tiny amount. Even getting inside with a knife and cutting down the tripper guard retaining "bump" didn't help all that much. Since I modified it I can't return it so it'll end up in the box of never to be used accessories. It gets 2 stars because it could be modified to be halfway decent, but why?I expected better from GLOCK.
I never use this "Speed Loader" because I find it speedier to load by hand. Probably good in a gun fight but for the range, I will use my hands.
Was not a Hogue.  Had all this ex rubber on the under side of the grip.  Not what the Hogue would do.
Too short and weak. Get a Packmyr instead, those grips fit much better in my opinion. Too short in my opinion.
This grip installed very easy but that is where the good stops.It makes the gun feel fat in your hand and the finger notches don't feel natural.I have large hands and my son has slim hands and we both do not like the feel.
The only advantage of this over an aluminum rod is the &#34;Saf-T&#34; paint that it is coated with.  Once that pain chips off, you have a steel rod that can scratch your barrel.  Since that paint has already chipped along the grooves about an inch from the tip after only two weeks, I need to find something else to clean my pistols.  The handle does allow much better rotation when compared to the Hoppe's standard rod.
well when detaching the one ring sticks a little and i can never seem to get them to tighten don the same twice,when i loosen the little throw handles, it also seems to loosen the little torque nut inside which means that when i take them off i have to tighten the nut up with a wrench to put them back on, as a result they do NOT hold zero...they are solid and they do fit the scope nicely but as for as the quick detach, well. i could do the same thing with any set of rings and a wrench.
I chose the Trijicon sights because they were crystal clear, compared to the Meprolight, that were somewhat &#34;fuzzy&#34;. The night visibility was fine.
The fiber optics do catch alot of light, and they work great, but the snap mount they're on wiggles around on the barrel, twisting out of alignment.
I hate these targets. They are like tissue paper. Also 100 yard targets? Impossible to see with a high powered spotting scope at 100 yards.
THIS ITEM IS OK FOR SHOTGUN OR PISTOL SHOOTING. NOT GOOD FOR RIFLE TARGET SHOOTING. ATLEASED NOT FOR ME.
The rubber is very cheap and fragile. Furthermore, after having this on my 1911 for about a week underneath the stock rosewood grips, they had a weird film of moisture or oil when I removed them. I replaced them with some molded finger groove wooden grips.
small wipes, not much oil, rip easily when dispensed, only good thing is the size of the container which is small.  Will not buy again
To begin with, something as simple as a bore light should not need to have directions included so I wasn't surprised when there weren't any included.  The problem is, I can't get it to work and I am no dummy.  There is an inner tube that fits AAA batteries but they aren't long enough to make proper contact, and AA batteries are too big to fit the obviously needed, metallic enhanced inner tube, and even if I pull it out and load in 2 AA batts, I can't get it back together.  I must be missing something but don't know what.
Pachmayr has made great grips in the past but these are sub par. If you squeeze the grip you'll separate the halves. I ended up going back to stock wood grips.
These are cheaply made and not stylish.  The lenses are very small and do not look polarized at all. I expected better from Radians.
Airgun are not firearms, and because of that, they have very different cleaning requirements. You'll never get copper fouling, obviously, and since pellets are made of pure lead and travel between 350 and 900 fps, leading is a rarely a problem. (If your pellets are traveling over 1000fps, you should be using a heavier pellet for accuracy's sake.)  Low powered guns really don't need cleaning at all. Many target shooters do nothing but run a clean patch down their barrels between matches. PCP  guns and bulk-fed CO2 guns should have a lightly lubricated patch run down the barrel once in a while to prevent the barrel from rusting. That's because the rapid expansion of the gas on firing chills the barrel, which induces condensation.  But excessive use of a cleaning rod on any air gun will cause wear at the muzzle that can, and will, affect accuracy.There are several problems with using felt pellets. If your shoot them out of a spring air gun, you're going to eventually damage the piston, spring, and piston seal. You can shove half a dozen in and it still won't cushion the piston properly. If you push them down with a cleaning rod, there's a good chance you'll score the barrel with the rod. The steel used in  airgun barrels is much softer than that used in firearms barrels, since airguns don't need to resist the heat and pressure found in a centerfire chamber. Some airgun barrels are made of brass, and one pass of a metal cleaning rod is enough to permanently damage them.The best way to clean any airgun barrel is with a non-metallic pull-through cleaning system. No brushes, solvents, and no gun oils. You can make a pull through cleaner from a piece of .080 weed whacker cord- cut one end at an angle, so it's easy to push through a cleaning patch, and melt the other end over a candle flame into a blob that's just under bore size. Use a file to shape it, if necessary. (No sandpaper- that might leave abrasive bits in the blob.)  Slide the patch over the cord, and pull through from the breech end. Run plain patches through until they come out clean. Simple.
I bought one of these and really liked it. A few months later my wife tried it with her rifle and wanted one. I went to the previous orders page and selected the same thing as before. The new one in now sourced from China and not comparable at all the the previous one. I'd recommend buying something else now.
I was torn between one and two stars for this, but gave it two due to the price. This bipod tilts my gun to the side and it cannot be corrected. Very sloppy manufacturing. I have never had this problem with the utg bipods.
I own many Spyderco knives along with many other brands and this is the one Spyderco that has disappointed me from day one, about a year ago.  It takes a lot to disappoint me when it comes to knives but this knife just does not work as it should.  It is so stiff to open and close that I need two hands to do it comfortably.  Totally different than any other Spyderco I have.  Not acceptable in a knife that is touted as being "one handed".  It has pinned construction so I can't really open it or adjust any screws to see if that helps.  A week into owning it, I noticed the blade was chipped.  I have knives with all kinds of steel and this steel is supposed to be a pretty strong steel but it is the only knife I have that has a chipped blade.  I don't remember using it any harder than any of my other knives.  Maybe I did something horrible without knowing it but either way, this steel has a reputation for being strong enough to take hard use.  It also leaves my pocket too easily.  For some reason, the clip gets caught on everything and I end up finding the knife on the floor.  I don't get it since it is the same clip that is on many of my other knives.  I do like the overall shape of the knife.  It is one of the most comfortable knives of that size I've ever held but unfortunately, I do not carry it anymore because of it's problems.  I have heard great reviews on this knife and it seems that I have "the bad seed" in the lot but I thought people should know about my experience.
Had a rough time installing them , I have The 44 Magnum Desert Eagle VII produced in 1993. Contacted Magnum Research and was told that due to so many changes done over the years to the frame of the Eagle that the rear sights are not all the same, and the Trijicon DE01 are the only set made for this gun. The only way they would work was to file down to size. Talked to a lot of Gun Smiths and was told the same, what a nightmare it was to install. I've installed sights on many guns with no issues at all, but these were tough. Tried so hard not mark the finish of sights but still got marked and marred.
I ordered this for my Glock 21. The tritium dots do shine in the dark, as advertised... but the rear sight is very small. It was difficult for me to get a good sight picture. It also looked kinda silly because it is small. I took it off my gun and sent it back.
The rear sight would not slide into place on my G3 Glock 22.  Since I scratched the side trying to install it, I figured it would not be accepted as a return.  I had to sand the bottom until it would fit.  With a little red loc tite it has set well.  The sites miraculously aligned perfectly and I have now fired 265 rounds through it with no problems.  The sites are awesome, but they were advertised for gen 3 Glock 22's, which is wrong.
Purchased the Uncle Mike's swivels thinking they would be great since I like other Uncle Mike's products.  The package arrived in a bubble wrap mailer after almost 2 weeks.  When I took the swivels out of the factory packaging, I noticed that one of the swivels was bent at the swinging point of the swivel so that it made the swivel look cock-eyed when on the gun.  The other swivel had a loose plastic cover on the turning/locking screw and made it difficult to cinch down.  I think Uncle Mike's better start letting some people in the USA start making their stuff again because this was terrible workmanship.  I will probably start buying only Blackhawk products again.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because they did fit on an old shotgun and OpticSale.com did refund my money.
I  can only give this item 2 stars because when the swivel on the mag tube was put on , I realized that it can easily flip up in front of the barrel and get blown off . That's not good! Guess I'll have to find one that clamps to the side of the tube , and I really didn't want to do it that way. My gun has a 9 round capacity and that presents a  problem for this type of swivel. Other than that, the quality of the product is top notch.
These are goofy and ugly and i sent them back.
I just wanted 20 gallons or so for a cottage, I had two stacks, at three containers high and they leaned so far over after a few months, that they would have tipped over and totally leaked everywhere if left unattended for an extended period. So I now stack them two containers high and face the plastic screw-lid toward the side I dont' want to tip (as the container sags over time, the hard lid gives support to one side making them tip to the other).The construction seemed good at first, not as thick plastic as a gasoline container, but solid. The inside was not bad, there was no plastic taste I could detect, but did wash them anyway.If you fill one and grab it at the sides, be careful also because if the label is left on, the container could slip right out and to the floor. I removed them.They overall not bad, but they do not stack which is a big feature with sorage.
THIS SHARPENING ROD IS TO SMOOTH AND DOES NOT PUT AN EDGE ON MY KNIVES AS I EXPECTED. I PROBABLY SHOULD OF ORDERED A MORE COARSE ONE.
This is an adequate everyday beater hatchet to throw in your trunk for a camping trip or an emergency kit. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this hatchet for discerning buyers looking for a high quality tool for frequent use.I have not had the chance yet to use Estwing's higher priced axes, but I have heard great things about them. This hatchet seems to be mass produced at lower quality in order to fill a particular price point niche.I ordered two of these and both of them had what I would consider to be material flaws on arrival. One had a burr on the blade so significant it was actually visible from several feet away (as well as being easily felt with the thumb). A burr typically results from careless or inattentive sharpening of the blade and is formed when one side of the blade is oversharpened -- say, on a factory grinder -- resulting in the edge being thinned out and then curved away from the grinding instrument. This is easily remedied if you are into sharpening hatchets (or if you are the original manufacturer sharpening the hatchet in the first place) but it is disappointing to receive a new one in this condition.The other one I bought actually had a large chip in the edge. I don't really care about this because any hatchet which you use frequently is going to get chipped and scratched. It is a sign of distinction. A pristine hatchet says the same thing about a person as a spotless pair of hiking boots. But as a sign of quality control coming out of the factory, I am again pretty disappointed at receiving a new hatchet in this condition.Finally, the rivets on the bottom of the hatchet which fasten the butt plate to the handle seem to be sloppily welded. Just looking at it, you can see that it was done in a hurry. Same reaction as above.The edge damage on my hatchets is easily fixed with a little filing. If you are new to ax sharpening, I would recommend some youtube research around how to properly sharpen convex edges -- the techniques are a little different from typical knife sharpening but not difficult to master. You will see some people using their axes to slice paper. In my personal but admittedly not extensive experience chopping wood, I have not needed this level of sharpness from a hatchet.In summary. These hatchets are supposedly made in the US. Just to let you know, I'm an American and I love buying American products. But I've also lived overseas for much of my adult life and believe strongly in supporting the local businesses and artisans wherever you happen to be located. You can find quality just about anywhere if you look in the right places. As someone who now lives in the US and happens to be American I have to say I'm disappointed with the quality of these hatchets and saddened that "Made in the USA" no longer carries the weight it once did.
Well I bought this for sighting in a few of my rifles, rifles which happen to be black. I read the instructions and I could tell that there was going to be a problem. This set would work great on regular hunting rifles and all pistols, It just doesnt work with rifles who's scope and iron sights are up a little higher and not right above the barrel. the problem is there is no adjustment on the grid lens ( the black scope looking thing) and there for it can't get higher than just above the barrel so it dosent work when your a little higher on your sights. Looked like a nice kit though.
I really like the design and style of these pants but was very disappointed with the extreme bagginess of them, so much so that I have not worn them at all.
works fine, but I gave it 2 stars because These locks are way over priced for what they are.
Well the tag was on the sweatshirt so it appears it wasn't a defective one but after only two washes the stitching has started to come off and the HUGE shrinkage after the first wash was unreal. If you do plan to buy from this seller you may want to order one size larger
Both my husband and I wanted a navy blue sweatshirt but the colors were picked over after Xmas. Hanes had the navy in our sizes so we decided to try them out since my husband has worn the underwear with no problem. Well these have the strangest sizing imaginable. Body was too large yet short and the neck was so small you could barely get it over your head. If I'd only ordered one I'd have thought it was just that one but both sizes had the same issues. Buyer beware!!!!! Stick to their underwear.
I'm fairly unimpressed.  the Quality of the shirt is 'ok'.. but it's certainly not a very dark black.  It looks like what last years Mock necks looked like after having been washed 5-10 times.  Also it was huge...definitely not true to size.
It feels like polyester and is badly made. It arrived with one of the seams partly open a couple of inches.
Not much to say.  Like the title says...I wouldn&#8217;t recommend this item.  I don&#8217;t use it because it just slips off in the water and I do not have a big head, so it should stay on.
Not a fan of this whistle.  Get a whistle with a cork ball that sounds like a whistle.  This is just too high a pitch.  I suppose it's good if I want to call my dog, but not too good for a real emergency where people recognize a genuine distress whistle.
I don't trust these other reviews being that my pair came with a few snagged fingers. I was given a refund because of that though, but I don't want to waste my time again trying to get a proper pair for cold weather. I didn't give it one star because they make amazing facial skin sloughers, but that wasn't what I bought these for. If they were sold as facial skin sloughers, I would have given them four stars, still minus one though because the finger tips were snagged.
Bought these, hoping for classic gold toe quality (nice heft, thick cotton cushioning, long life).Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed.  While these are a slight step up from cheapie Hanes socks from the big box store, these are NOT the same quality we used to get from Gold Toe.The six pair I bought shrunk, pilled like mad (bits of cotton sluffed off inside the sock after every wash) and they all developed holes within 3 months of wear.  No, I don't use bleach.  They simply were not made of very high quality cotton and wore through at the friction point at the ball of each foot.I won't buy Gold Toe socks again until I hear that they've returned to their classic standard.Why, oh why, can't women get the same high quality socks that men can buy so easily?  I hope Gold Toe reads the mail and improves their manufacturing standard.  Until then, I opt out.
These socks appear to be very strong. They have reinforced toes and heels. A little disappointed though because they are not very soft, and they do not stretch much at all. If your feet tend to swell, they will get tight. I feel like I had to choose between socks that would wear a long time, vs socks that are soft and comfortable.
I bought these after reading the reviews and found them to be no better than the cheap Hanes socks I got at Walmart.  I used to buy the White Stag socks at Walmart and they were WONDERFUL!  Unfortunately, they aren't making them any more.  I'm still looking for socks that were as comfortable as they were.  THESE are NOT worth the money.  I'll keep looking!
This socks are not what I excepted. After washing them once some of starting to unravel. This in my opinion is cheap quality. I will not purchase this product ever again.
I ordered both the black and white socks. Despite the advertised ratio, which included no polyester, the black ones are labeled having 1% polyester.  The white ones were as advertised.The price was so favorable that I didn't send back the black socks.  But I can really feel the difference that 1% polyester makes and I would not buy them again.  Also, if you take a pair of black socks on one hand, and squeeze, and compare to doing that with the white pair in the other hand, you'll notice a giant difference.  The black socks feel like 50% polyester.Both the black and white socks feel pretty thick and warm.  The white ones, upon wearing and washing, have shed clumps of material.  Higher quality socks cost disproportionally more, I think.Do not get the black ones.
Gold Toe has changed the way they make their men's socks, and not for the better. The material is thinner, especially on the sole. There&#8217;s far less cushioning than before. The fit is tighter as well.One pair in my pack had significant fraying at the top edge right out of the package.Rather than be a premium brand, these socks are now just a tiny bit better than the cheap socks from brands such as Fruit of the Loom. The only saving grace is that the elastic is a bit more comfortable.I bought these on a price dip so I got 6 pair for $11.99. Had I paid the regular price, I would have returned them.Very disappointing quality, and I would not purchase them again.
I recently bought a six pack of these gold toe sock in black, because $12 was a great price for a six pack of gold toes. I can tell you they are not the same quality of the pairs I had 5 years ago, and it makes sense why the price has gone down. They have changed them and have made them lesser quality, so that now they fit too loosely, they are thinner, less comfortable, and the material seems more coarse and more prone to wearing out. They have ruined what was a great sock. I recommend buying Adidas or Nike dri-fit socks which I now consider to be better quality.
Been wearing Gold Toe socks for over ten years. A brand I once trusted is no more, and gone the way of the cheap manufacturing. These are comfortable, and they stay up, but like others have said, one or two washings, and they'll pit and look old and shabby. I'll still wear them, but only as long as they're covered in the gym. As a reference, I compared them to a pair I had for over ten years (back of the drawer, didn't wear them anymore because they had worn through the toe) and the old socks still looked great (except for the hole). I don't expect them to last more than a year or so, but they were cheap. I don't know if the more expensive ones were better because Gold Toe provides no description differentiating them. If you want a cheap sock with a short lifespan, get these, otherwise look elsewhere. Maybe the retail store socks are of better quality, but again, how are we to tell? Shame on you Gold Toe, what happened to your QC?UPDATE: contacted Gold Toe via email, told them about the pitting issues. They had me send back one pair to review. After about a month, they sent me a brand new 6 pack of their 'premium' socks, no explanation, not even a word. Guess what? Yup, the new 'premium' socks pitted just as before.Gold Toe... not anymore... quality in this product a thing of the past... darn it!
these if you have small feet your ok i guess just get larger sock to fix the problem bigger feet well walk bare foot
The fit in the foot area is ample.  However, the fit in the calf area is too tight.  They even look like they were made for men with skinny legs.  I ended up cutting them off above the ankle so they would be reasonable comfortable.
This sock is all bottom and no top.  In other words the picture shows a nice upper ribbed quarter, whereas in actuality there is not much of an upper quarter at all.  I sent them back.
These are expensive stretch socks.  I am beginning to think that some manufactures have the same size stretch sock and just label them to any size they please.  Just because the sock will stretch to my size foot does not mean the sock is the right size. If the stretch force is pulling the material from the heel then at some point the heel material may very well side off the heel. The socks are going back and I know there are some from Walmart that does not do that.  The ease of buying socks from Amazon Prime is so convenient that it's hard to resist trying some other brand.
Thought I would spend a little extra money on socks and I was disappointed. These socks didn't even last 12 months. All of them began getting holes in them and I would throw them away as they did. I have since replaced them with Hanes. I would not buy these again.
Based on a previous experience, I bought these socks in April 2011. Even though they appeared on-line to be identical to the previous purchase, they were obviously not.The first ones have lasted about a year with each pair worn an average of once every two weeks. The new pairs went into rotation when I bought them on sale in April, but lasted only about four months even though they were worn less often.Four of the six oldest pairs are still wearable, albeit not really pretty. Even as old as they are they still have a thicker feel than the newer ones did when they first arrived. Quality went way down sometime in the eight months between orders. Maybe they were from a batch of seconds? Maybe it was just a fluke. Either way I am apprehensive about buying Gold Toe again.Instead, I purchased theseadidas Men's Quarter Athletic Sock, 6-Packand can already tell that they are of higher quality. They are of heavier cotton and the stitching in the area of the ribbed ankle is noticeably tighter. Even better, they cost less.
Not what I expected. I have wore Gold Toe socks for many years and these do not live up to any of the others. I thought I would try the lower profile sock and I will not be buying more. I wear a size 13 shoe so I bought the extended 12 - 16 size. I compared them to a Gold Toe Extended 1/4 sock and they were much shorter. They are also much thinner and lightweight. The top part of the sock is very thin. I do not expect these to last long.
These socks are on the thin/scratchy side when compared to my other Gold Toe socks.  I understand that workout socks shouldn't be thick but they're not even thick/soft in the toes or heel.  I'd pass on these again.
I will say that the quality of this device seems to be very high - it rolls smoothly and is made of heavy-duty materials.  And in the end, what's most important about a piece of exercise equipment like this is that it works and lasts a long time - which I think this ab-roller will.I have a huge problem, however, with a company that charges about 5X as much as the lower-end brands of these ab-rollers, and then provides a terrible fit-and-finish.  If this product was high quality and cost $15 or even $20, I wouldn't mind a poor paint job, but for a product that costs about $70 (with shipping), and comes with peeling paint on the hand-grips and rusty/flaky washers, I think it's reasonable to be upset with the manufacturer.  I won't bother to return this, but I don't think I will buy their products again.
The retention on this holster is very tight and the belt loops are flimsy.  This would be my last choice in a holster.
The material is made of quality soft rubber and it would have worked for me except for the belt loops. The reason it doesn't specify right or left handed is the belt loop is attached in the middle and not on the edge like in handed specific holsters. As a result it bulges out when placed on your belt and I was hoping for an OWB holster that sits close to your body.
Either my shirt was mislabeled, or someone doesn't know how large to make "large" size shirt.  It was so big, I just gave it to my grown son, who is much, much bigger than me.
It is a good B.O.B item, I have in the past wrote a bad review of this item, but after using it a few times it does work, but it's not as thick as the one I used back in the early 90's while on active duty.But if you write a bad report these people will email, and harass you until you change your review of the item. So I 'm not going to say the product is bad, because it's not, but the company is not very professional at all.
Yes, it works; if you have a lot of time to scrape a quarter-sized (2.5 cm) pyramid of magnesium off the rectangular mass, protect it from every little gust of wind, and then try again and again and again to get the weak sparks from the fire steel to light it. However, if you are using a device like this to start a fire, it probably means that you are in a survival situation, and do not have a lot of time to get a fire going. Consequently, I have dropped this from my outdoor carry gear, and replaced it with a good flint and steel device (one that produces a usable flare of sparks instead of the laughable little flickers this one produces) and some good, reliable, waterproof fire starting tablets. They work quickly, reliably, and well (I know because I've used them). This magnesium thing works slowly, after much time and effort, and only in ideal situations (I know, because I have tried it and given up in frustration). The fact that the military issues this dog does not impress me at all. When I am outdoors and off the pavement, I need gear that works easily and quickly. This thing does not, so I'm not carrying it.
The only reason I gave it two stars is that it's cheap and magnesium is probably fun to play with.  The description says Government issue? I hope not for survival.  I teach survival and know that a match or lighter has everything built in and takes seconds to get a flame, this takes minutes.  Water proof matches weigh far less and work better in the wind, in fact nearly ever fire lighter weighs less.  It is also tricky to get the pile to stay put while you strike, striking properly is a skill you need to learn especially in a cold wet environment.  I am a fan of something that takes minimal effort and can preferably be used with one hand (I use the mini bic lighter or waterproof liquid fuel lighter).  The magnesium takes effort to shave, it also takes allot out of your knife, add the fact that you may be shivering makes it harder.  When you do strike and the magnesium catches, it burns really fast so you still need kindling and small sticks, so no real gain there.  Fire steel is fun to play with and use if you have a cabin with a gas or alcohol stove, it will last long and is reliable, but I would not suggest it, not if survival is at stake.
Not a bad canteen...besides the fact that it LEAKS EVERYWHERE!!! After a thin s***ty piece of rubber fell out of the cap, the canteen became as useful as carrying a full glass of water everywhere around with you.  It also is made with extremely thin plastic compared toMy other good mil-surplus canteens.  Not too impressed with Rothco right now....
The lid leaked until I put o-rings in it. Not so much GI as it is GI reject. dont buy it
This canteen is nothing like I expected. It is a lot thinner than the other military grade canteens I own it is more like a toy canteen you would expect to come with a cheap halloween costume. Would not buy again, do yourself a favor and go to an army surplus store and get the real deal. It does hold water and doesn't leak, otherwise I would give it one star.
Personally i am not a big fan of this product. I would not want to go any distance with this uncomfortable pack on...
The Mask was delivered pronto (thank you Amazon Prime).The Mask that was delivered is the Civilian Mask with the round eye pieces, so I'm not sure where the other customer picture came from.The mask did come with a filter, but the writing is not in English so I have no idea what it says or if it includes a date code since no obvious date code is there.The mask fits extremely well and creates a very tight seal around the edges.  It also scares the heck out of the dog, which was not intended.THIS MASK DID NOT COME WITH THE CANTEEN CAP AND DRINKING STRAW, which I think is extremely misleading since it clearly states that it does in not one, but two sections of the description.  I've just sent an email to customer service to see if the drinking tube and canteen cap can be shipped to complete the &#34;as advertised&#34; product.  Should this mask ever be needed, staying hydrated without exposing yourself will be critical.  You can go without eating for a few days, but not hydration.IF the drinking straw with cap was included or IF they can ship it, I'll certainly upgrade my rating because the mask itself is exactly what I expected.
I like these shorts for the fit and feel...very light, easy wash easy wear...pockets are excellent...BUT...2 issues...beware they run small..second ..and more importantly 2 out of three pairs are un-stitching below the pocket reinforcement...after only one wash!!!..love Columbia...but not in this case...thank you amazon for the free return and credit...
The sizing guide for this shirt says 50 inches is XX Large, so I was surprised to find my Medium shirts measured 50 inches and were very long. They were more like dresses than shirts, because I take size Medium.Had to return them and now I am wary of buying Columbia online. It is a shame because I have an old Columbia shirt that is my favorite and these seem to be even better quality. My old one is labeled Large but fits more like a Medium, so that was perhaps wrong in the other direction.
Columbia has yet to let me down in the quality of their clothes, durability and materials used.  This shirt, is no exception.  The only problem with this shirt, and it's a big one, is that the size is waaayyyy off.  I would venture to say 2 sizes off.  I ordered a large, as I am a large in every other brand including other Columbia product lines, but this shirt was so big I could fully loaded ruck sack underneath it!!Seriously, it is at least one size larger than labeled but I would venture to say it might even be 2 sizes too large.  I'm going to give it to my dad who typically wears a XXL and see if it fits him.  Bottom line, do not order this shirt online unless you have confirmed your size in a store first.
The good:  Calorie-to-weight ratio is decent, taste is pretty good (for freezedried fare), texture isn't bad (though slightly grainy) when prepared to the manufacturers specifications, and prep is easy and requires zero dishes (aside from however you boil your water.)  The packaging includes a ziplok-style top; which you may see as more wasted packaging, or as just another useful barrier to keep leftover bits (and smells) from oozing out of your trash container, depending on your temperament.The bad:  The packaging itself is considerably bulkier than it needs to be.  There's a ton of excess material outside of the heat-sealing which you can cut off, but there's also considerably more bulk to the business section of the package than there needs to be, even if you cook the stuff the way they recommend.  That said, you won't be making it the way they recommend unless you're sitting on more clean water than you can shake a stick at.  The package directs you to pour in 1C boiling water, mix, wait 5-6 minutes, then drain off the excess water and eat.  You'll end up pouring off over half the water (and you've already wasted the corresponding fuel) you put in if you go this route (and aren't desperate enough to drink egg-koolaid).  I imagine you could make a no-wasted-water version if you were willing to mash up the egg chunks into powder so you didn't have to add extra water to cover them, or perhaps by simply adding less water and then massaging the hot packet through a towel to spread the love around - but speaking as someone not terminally addicted to scrambled eggs, I don't think I'll bother with the experiments when I could just carry something different next time.Still, for short trips in wetter climes, I can see no reason not to go for this.
Normally I am very pleased with Mountain House, but the Breakfast Skillet is an exception.  It turned out mushy and virtually flavorless.  The hash browns and eggs were more like a paste then even the smallest chunks.  Maybe if you browned it in an actual skillet after mixing and added some seasonings it might come out better, but I didn't try.  I may try it again and ammend this review, but with so many other Mountain House meals that I fully enjoy, why would I waste my time on this one again.  Too bad I bought a few #10 cans before I tried it in the pouch.  I guess I'll just keep those for an emergency. If I had nothing else to eat, I might be glad to have this.I don't recommend ordering this meal.
It was eatable, but not very good. Not worth the price in my opinion. A big bag of jerky would be a better choice for camping/hiking
It did not work with my Duracell 600W Powerpack, which can handle up to 12A of 12V DC. It shut off after 2 minutes. I will try another brand. I really wanted to have this work during power outages, and to use solar power for cooking.I bought the Koolatron version of this and it works fine with my Powerpack.
I've used this a couple of times now and it does the job.  Unfortunatly it's a pain to keep clean unless you continue to buy the 'special-Aluminum' pans (3 for $4) they sell to warm the food in.  Given all the less expensive ways to eat on-the-road, just 2 stars.
I have experience with many sharpening methods, sharpening stones included. The most important part about a stone is that it needs to be flat! These stones all came concave and with edge ridges out of the box. For a beginner I would not recommend this product at all, however, if you can flatten the stones yourself, this kit is extremely cheap for the stones you receive. I was able to flatten the fine and medium stones with a little elbow grease, wet/dry sandpaper and a perfectly flat metal workbench, they were not that bad. The coarse stone however was (is) concave to the point that I've dulled 2 belt's on a sander and still not gotten a flat surface. I rarely need a coarse stone, and have others so I may not even finish flattening it. I do now have 2 nice flat stones on a convenient stand. I like the setup and the price, and after flattening the stones are working well. If you don't have the knowledge, patience  or ability to flatten a stone though, these will be completely useless to you and could damage your blades. Other reviews mention stones that are not flat,  and this is a common problem with cheap stones, however, the coarse stone I received was the worst I've ever seen. The system is nice to work with IF you get flat stones OR you can flatten them yourself. This was one of the cheapest fine stones (1200 grit) available on amazon.
I bought this sharpening stone with dreams of making my blades razor sharp.  This stone was not able to meet my needs.  In fact it was so poor I was afraid to put my good blades on it.  My stones are certainly not flat either like some other reviewers mentioned.  And the oil that is required to use it runs out fast it comes with the smallest little dropper full.  I'm surprised that so many people love this stone system.  After being so disappointed with it I decided to read the negative reviews and found one customer who recommended buying the Spyderco Sharpmaker. I am so happy I found that review because after buying a Spyderco Sharpmaker I am now able to make my blades razor sharp.  I should have bought the Spyderco Sharpmaker in the first place.  Im going to write a good review on the Spyderco Sharpmaker now.
This would have been a 5 star vest had it not been for the totally illogical front pocket zipper design. The pockets close by zipping down instead of zipping up. At first, I didn't think this was a big deal but it has become more of a nuisance with each passing day. The pockets are pretty shallow, so if you store anything thing in them (keys, cell phone, wallet etc.), they will spill out the moment you unzip the pockets. I wish I had the sewing skills to remove these zippers and install them the right side up.
Bought this to replace the regulator from my Target-brand 2 burner stove after a near catastrophic failure (think uncontrolled fireball).  The thread pitch is different so it didn't work.  If i was replacing this on a Coleman it would probably be fine but it does not work with Target brand stoves.
When it comes to drivetrain parts, have found certain Shimano brands to be reliable and durable, have always been my choice in cranks derailleurs and shifters. Purchased this chain because I thought it would work for me. Installed it on my bike in early spring this year when upgrading to 9-speed. Lasted me about two months when after climbing a hill noticed a clinking feeling in my drivtrain. Stopped to take a look and found a link was popping off a pin widening the chain and rubbing on my Derailleurs as that broken link passed through. Fixed the problem with a Sram power link. Not even two weeks later after climbing the same hill another link started to pop off a pin. Only used a chain breaker on it twice, to shorten the chain and insert the guide pin. Picked up a Sram PC951 went through the same procedure of shortening the chain and connecting it with the Power Link and have no chain problems since.
I bought this to help with stretching for running. I have to say, its just kind of silly to use. All the pictures in the book look the same. This was one of those purchases I would have rather not made. Its better to just stretch the old fashion way.
I have had a few home gyms including 2 total gyms and 1 bowflex.  I did not like either of the total gyms at all.  They were easy to put together and very, very difficult to use.  They were cumbersome and not fluid.  I liked the concept of using your body for the weight resistance but it felt unsteady, uncomfortable, and akward.  I tried this one for about 3 weeks.  I really wanted to like it but just never did.  Today, I am a much happier bowflex user.
I bought this about two years ago thinking it would be a nice upgrade to the seat that came on my bicycle....I was wrong.  I could tell very little difference.  From looking at it you would think that the gel pads would make a big difference, but they really don't.  And then, to add insult to injury...or maybe insult to severe discomfort is more appropriate...one of the gel pads fell off.  They are only glued on and not very well at that.  If you are on the quest for a comfortable ride where it counts, I suggest you look elsewhere.
I was not to impressed with this string wax. It is way to thick and didn't absorb into my string well.
On most compound bows there are a variety of things to work around. It's very difficult to do that with this tube deal. Also it seems to be really sticky & balls up. I was trying to be cheap. Didn't really save anything if you don't like what you got. If I had it to do over I would have purchased the liquid wax by Winners Choice just for ease of use. Also they are well known for great bow strings. Seems to me there sting wax would be no different.
imo these targets are to small and are not colorful enough.but if you want plain dull and small.then this products all you.i do not recommend this product.
Ordered 2 tins recieved only 1 was charged for 2, and the 1 I recieved was loose in a too big for item box (pellet users know pellets get damaged that way) complained bout this nothing came of it..........................was credited for 1 tin, of the 250 in the other tin got maybe 100 good useable pellets with lots of lead dust form rolling around.......
I bought this holster for my CCW Kahr CW9. Holster is ok but I didn't like it. Because of the nylon material it is not sturdy and would flop to the side every time. Holster should do the job but just not for me. I like something a bit more sturdy.
Yes, gerber label made overseas.  I spose for no important reason this blade would do you subpar okay.  After havin those assisted open crkt's though, carrying this will bring you sour faces. Meaning, a crkt will spring right open in a split, but this takes more effort (yes tho small) top engage.  I dont care for it, feelz cheep to me.
The line itself is actually very nice and strong. Even pulling it tight with my hands, I found it VERY hard to break. My issue with the line is the thickness and the braid. The line seems to get caught in the clearance of the plastic in the reel (ie the spool and drag knob) very easily. The braid of line seems to want to curl around itself. I don't consider myself a pro fisherman but I do get by and I don't think I would buy this line again.
Smooth and quiet at casting and it does cast longer distances compaired to mono lines.  Very thin.I used this line to lift up my 30lb dumbbell, the line broke before it can mover the dumbbell from its position.  My Berkley 30lb Mono line lifted the same dumbbell and held it for length.  What is the true difinition of a 30lb test line?  This line will not hold up a fish that is 30lb.
It is constructed okay and is a little light on the padding side. The fit for the UZI is really tight.
This product uses a cheap one piece hinge that is not long lasting. Also be aware the picture in this listing is NOT representative of what you are buying. This is for an empty plastic container. These cases are worth about $1 each tops.
While it might some idiotic, I actually cut myself very badly while using this Swiss Army Hunter. The large blade is great when it is in the open position but when you close the blade it is quite forceful. If you are not careful it will swing back and put a nice deep gash in your left index finger. Basically you have to ensure that you have a good grip on the large blade while closing it. I much prefer Leatherman or Gerber multi tools that have the feature of just "push" closing. Other than the large blade swing back, the rest of the tools are great.
I've carried a SAK Officer model for over twenty years, and after my latest close call with an accidental closing, i Now carry the Trekker.  I have used every tool on this knife since its purchase, and they all work great except where mentioned below.  The Liner Lock on the blade and flat head screw driver is super solid and like all SAK's the finish quality of this knife is way beyond any other folder i have used.  I do have three complaints about the Trekker:  First the &#34;One-Hand&#34; claim is laughable, although it was the second biggest selling point i considered when making this purchase (the first being the lockblade feature).  Everyone i let use this knife complains about it being junk because they have such a hard time opening the blade!!!  Second the serrated edge on the blade worked great when cutting steak, but I use my Trekker for cutting just about everything, even filleting Sunfish, and the chisel grind was just terrible for most fine tasks.  I eventually took a belt sander to the blade and completely removed the serrations.  My final complaint is the Left handed liner lock feature...making the Trekker almost as tedious to close as it is to open.
I was really happy when I first received this percolator. When I looked a little closer I started to get really dissapointed. First off, the viewing bubble is made of plastic, not glass which was expected. Next when I went to put coffee in it, the base of the coffee basket bent. The metal that it is made from is so soft that you can bend it just by touching it. Last when I went to put water into it I realized that there were no markes to let you know how much water to put in for 2,4,6,or 8 cups. I will have to admit though,it sure will look pritty sitting on my Coleman stove.........
I went into a store to put eye and hands on the item before purchase.  I will tell you that I was very interested in the product because titanium is not toxic and the lightest camp cookware available (to my knowledge).  Here is my main issues with this type of item.  The metal is very very thin, and can be bent easily if the item is not guarded.  Not to mention that it is very expensive!  The item, although made from titanium, looks weak and flimsy in my opinion.  If your ultimate goal is weight reduction.  Then this is your obvious choice, and I am assuming that you have the body fat percentage of an elite marathon runner or one of those elite cyclists, and you can no longer cut weight.  However, if you are a regular Jane or Joe (like I am), and you could shed just one pound, you could more than compensate with aluminum, and get more bang for your buck.  So amusing to see individuals go for the lightest items that can be bought with respect to any equipment when they themselves are not the lightest equipment available!  I just don't see the sense in it.  If you are really considering lightening the load, consider a diet and exercise regimen and get a nice inexpensive aluminum pot, that weighs just a scratch more than this item (hard anodized aluminum of course).  Has better heat transference, cheaper, and looks and feels more durable.  Save your money, unless your loaded with money to burn.  If you really want something titanium, get one of those fork/spoon combo utensils.  I would consider this item if you could buy it for less than $20, but no way for $60!!!!
I ordered this item but it will not work on my model 760-c  .It was advertised for model 760 but said nothing about havinga c after the model number. I cannot use this with my gun.It will probally be more problem and cost to return it.Thanks and have a good day.
Definitely not competition grade. Pellets generally fall into two categories --those that fit into the barrel snugly and then those that fit very loosely, such that I fear might fall out before I close the action. Those pellets that fit snugly generally fire true. Those that fit loosely almost invariably fire high. The pellets are OK for plinking at cans, etc. But if you are serious about your shooting and score, stay away from these pellets.
The pellets are good at the price, but the packaging is so cheap that it got open and about 90 % of the pellets spilled out inside the shipping box and got lost. So it is worth it if you actually get them all.
I bought these pellets hoping I could push a little more speed out of my Benjamin Marauder air rifle. I am sure they're probably moving a little faster than the lead pellets I have but the accuracy was horrible. I like the idea of not having lead all over my backyard so I really wish these worked better. Unfortunately, they suck, so I wouldn't recommend them.
This purchase was immediately regretted. Five shots emptied the CO2 bottle, the next emptied in the same time, without being used. It would not hold pressure, making it the most unreliable pistol I have. I returned it and bought a Webley Typhoon, which works.
The lens inside broke free on one of them and the other still worked so I guess it's hit and miss.
I understand some of these watches come with screws for removing links. This one did not it came with only small brads and the brads themselves do not secure the band and keep it from falling off of your wrist. I would not recomend any watch that has a band that the links are secured by links.
They function in my Gamo p23, but they're very inconsistently sized and shaped so I pick out the worst of them. I've read that standard steel bb's are rough on rifled barrels like that of the p23, which is the only reason I bought these, but I don't think I'll ever buy these again. If they were a lot cheaper I would, but at this price it's not worth it.
Those are not machined like others, these are casted and not very good.Some show burrs from the molds. These are not precisely made like let's say RWS Meisterkugeln, H&N; and other brands.This shows in accuracy, but if you just want a cheap pellet for plinking and it does not matter if the point of impact varies several inches every shot at only 10 yards i guess these are't too bad.
If you are looking for bottom of the barrel low price pellets these are the ones. Some of them where unsuitable to be shot and had to be discarded. The rest where very loose in the barrel of my Winchester 1028 WS and therefore had horrible accuracy. If you just want shots down range buy these. If you want to hit anything don't.
Unable to get consistent grouping. One or two may fly true then the next may fly way off target. Other pellets haveproved to be much more accurate.
You might think that since Daisy has been making BB guns for a great many years that their quality control and performance would be great for their line of lead pellets.  I bought a 250 tin of these and have shot about 150 of them so far. Shooting at my indoor range in the basement using a table with bench rest for the gun and target distance is 10 yards, or 30 feet. At that range my newly broke in Stoeger X-10 with a 4x scope can't get groups any tighter than 2 inches by 1 inch using a bench rest! Which means at 50 yards your spread may be ten inches and not even accurate enough to plink at one gallon milk jugs. I'll be glad when these are gone. Only thing they are good for in my opinion is for breaking in the action on my new air rifle. They do chronograph at the muzzle (in my X-10) with 900 fps velocity but that isn't worth much if you can't hit anything with them. Too bad I can't make the rest into fishing weights.I do want to confirm that its not the rifle. I just bought a 250 tin of Crossman .177 Match Wadcutters and at the same 30 feet am getting five shot groups with the holes all touching each other. About Nickel size or less.
I shot these out of my Crosman 1377 and they are not very accurate out of that gun.. The best thing about these is the price.. They were difficult to load and had way to many fliers...  I normally use Crosman Destroyers and they are super accurate out of my 1377..  Just my .02
Even for the price, this Winchester knife is not capable of meeting the demands of a true outdoorsman. The knife comes dull out of the box, and its chopping performance leaves much to be desired. Even for basic woodworking, I had a very difficult time with this knife. In fact, after some low intensity use, the stainless steel blade sustained chips along the leading edge. On the other hand, this knife works great for soft materials such as fruit, and meat.The knife feels comfortable enough in hand, but provides no shock mediation, and is extremely handle heavy. The smooth handle surface provides little traction, and I would dare not to use this knife with wet hands.However, the nylon sheath provides some redeeming qualities. It seems to be well made, and the stitching is on par. The snap closure works nicely, but the belt loop lacks any type of tactical disconnect. The plastic molded insert is definitely a nice touch.Overall this Winchester knife isn't bad, but I would consider spending my money on something a bit higher in quality. Fortunately, it was given to me as a gift. I give this Winchester knife two stars out of five.
I got this tool for free with another (Gerber) multi-tool. I would not buy this tool for much money.If you want a folding pair of small needle-nose pliers, this is a pretty good choice. The motion is smooth, the machining is fairly precise, and the spring-loaded action is really handy. The pliers are indeed small; they are suitable for items no more than 1/4 inch (8mm) wide. The handles are an adequate 2.5 inches long, and while they are not quite level with one another, it's no big deal. Pliers feel quite strong, with minimal flexing.The large straight screwdriver is poorly made, with a rounded-off instead of perfectly straight shape. The can and bottle openers are abnormally shallow. The serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp. The straight blade is tiny and not sharp. The cross-head screwdriver is tiny, like a sub-#1 Philips but more vaguely shaped. The nail file looks and feels like a student project. In short, none of the fold-out tools is of a quality to match the pliers and handles -- they say "made by the lowest bidder in China".The wood accents on the handles are attractive and feel good, but they do make the handles surpringly thick -- about 18mm at the thickest point.For the pliers and appearance, I would give 4 stars. For the other built-in tools, I would give 1 star (a failing grade).
When you think about it, it's physically impossible to screw into sand, yet I see people trying to do just that, when we go to the beach.  However, these devices can be helpful if you first dig a hole place it, attached to the umbrella post into the hole, and then pack sand in around the anchor and the pole.  Adding water sets it even better.
arrows bend easily and should not be considered multi-use.  Every shot in my crossbow the fletching breaks off and Ive tried this with my exaliber crossbow and kodabow crossbow, same fletching issues.
Not sized correctly.I wear Medium Longs in Army spec BDUs and have several pairs in this size.  These are cut different and did not fit right.
I have had this watch for about 4 months. If you don't have a job operating a jack hammer it will probably run itself down. I am very disappointed in the watch. It was not cheap. I paid about $200. for it and I expected better. I am one of those people that never take my watch off and it still winds down and stops. I made a big deal about this watch with my wife, and now I get a lot of grief when I complain about it. It is sturdy, having hit the wall several times.
Ordered the stainless steel bracelet version but received the rubber diving band version.  I decided to keep it and so far it has performed correctly on my watch winder and on the wrist.It is running about 15 seconds per day fast so far which seems to be typical of Seiko automatic wind mechanical watches.  For some reason mechanical watch manufacturers seem to favor running fast to running slow.
I have a small head and this is very tight.  I've been trying to stretch it out, but no luck yet.  Will keep trying, but avoid unless you have an extremely small head or are shopping for a youth.
I got a couple of them just because they were priced well.  I have an average to large head and they are too tight.. pretty much to the point of pain.  So I did what everybody else with similar complaints did and attempted to stretch them a bit.. still too snug.  To top things off they have this strong odor of gun oil, which might not be a complaint for some of us ;)I've washed them, stretched them, and done everything but beat them with a hammer and just can't use them as headbands.  HOWEVER, I made the best out of the situation and use them around my neck as a makeshift turtleneck while mountain biking in the winter.  I suppose these are amazing for people with medium to average heads, but for us big headed people.. keep looking!
It ripped a little bit on the inside in no time at all. I'd look else where for a headband.
&#34;One Size Fits All&#34; is always too big for my head, this one however is too small. It's so tight it gives me a headache. Multiple washes later it still leave black lint on my forehead. Went back to just wearing a bandana when I work out.
I ride a bike indoors during the winter months. I wear a sweat band in an attempt to cut down on the sweat dripping onto my bike and the floor. I purchased three of these and have found them lacking in absorbency. I have other bands purchased from a different manufacturer and can ride a good 20 miles before the band is saturated. These bands barley make it 5 miles before the sweat is dripping from my forehead. They are comfortable and fit well, but their ability to hold moisture is severely lacking.
The gun itself is sloppy and at 15' it's hard to get a gouping of less than 8&#34; even using a stand.
So this thing had great reviews and maybe mine isnt one of the better ones but at 25 ft it shoots about 8 inches high and 4 inches to the right.  At first i thought it was me but in fact its the gun.  So i give it 2 stars.  It does it with crossman bbs and the ones thwt come with it.
Looks good very realistic for a cheap plastic airsoft pistol.Pros - reasonably powerful, realistic, grouping is about average for this price range, sturdyCons - sights are very inaccurate about 8 inches off at 15 feet. slow and somewhat difficult to load. Trigger action is pretty rough.There are much better airsoft pistols in this price range.I probably should have given it 3 stars but rated it a little lower because I feel it has gotten higher ratings then it deserves over all.I have not had it jam, It is sturdy and holds 21 bbs.I don't shoot it much because of the inaccurracy, rough trigger action and I don't like how it feels in my hand,
It's too hard .. it doesn't fly that well and for the money it's claim to fame simply isn't valid.  I'm using Aerobie with much better results.  The dog prefers them, they fly well, I like them as they don't hurt his mouth.I read the reviews before I selected this disc .. I think the positive ones are wrong.But we all have perspectives, mine however are valid .. lol
These are just too shiny for hetero men to wear.  They look like girl shorts.  And they wrinkle like crazy.The fit is good, though, and they are comfortable..  It has a white, thick, drawstring, which is another drawback, since that's also very noticeable.
Disappointed with this product. It was described as having a firm core with slightly softer exterior ... I find the the exterior too squishy and soft. I'm not a regular roller but use the ones in fitness center which are definitely more firm.
This NcStar scope was a sad disappointment at the range for anything beyond 25 yards with a .22 or .233 caliber sized hole. The optical quality is really not very good, producing blurry images the higher the magnification being used. The included laser pointer is almost useless outside in full daylight and the included tripod is such low quality that I was concerned about actually using it. The included soft carrying case is alright, holding the scope and tripod well enough.Long story short I returned it for a refund, which is a fairly painless process and one of the reasons for shopping at Amazon. I recommendBarska CO11502 20-60x60 Waterproof Straight Spotting Scope with Tripod, which was offered on an Amazon "Gold Box" deal for a few bucks more than this one, but knowing what I know now it would worth even the regular price difference.Not Recommended!CFH
I can see better with my 3-9 * 40 nikon scope.  It's cheap and that's what you get.
I have multiple pairs of Wigwam socks and love them.  So I was a little surprised to notice after a few washings that the fabric was really pilling up around the toes, and its slowly coming apart.  Not sure if I got a bad pair, but I'm going to stay away from buying the Cool-lite hikers from here on out.
Not sure I can really tell if they are COOL (temperature wise) or not.  They do seem to come apart and ball up a bit.  After a some washing and wearing, I can't imagine they wouldn't develop holes after a while.  Not worth the cost, IMO.
I bought this ball because I have a bad back and want to use it as a chair to help with spinal stability.  Therefore, achieving the 90 degree angle between my hips and legs is *very* important.  I bought the 75 cm ball because I am relatively tall.  I inflated it, using a level and a hashmark on the wall to ensure that it was inflated to the proper size.  At 65 cm., I was frightened to keep inflating for fear that I might over-inflate and injure myself.  I took it inside and when I sat on it (at 140 pounds) it barely makes a dimple.  Thus, I know I am at about max capacity.  The angle is a little shy of 90 degrees so I guess I'll keep the ball until I can find a better one.  Just note, if you are looking for a 75cm ball, this is not it (and just FYI - the box *does* say 75cm).
Before you buy this ball due to all the 5-star reviews, please realize that most reviewers probably have not owned/bought a ball of any other brand before so they just left a 5 star because it worked. It is not enough for a stability ball to work because all it takes is to have one fail and pop on you.I was hoping I could use this ball as a desk chair but I realized this ball might not be safe! THIS BALL IS NOT ANTI-BURST, NOT PUNCTURE RESISTANT, nor does it have a WEIGHT RATING. Search Amazon reviews and you will find MANY reviews talking about how balls of different brand have popped/burst on the user and caused them to fall and getting injured (banged up head, stubbed finger, bruises). This is scary! I didn't do my research and just picked the ball with the highest rating when I bought this but I'm now going to return this ball because it is made from a cheap almost shiny balloon like material, not thick at all.  If you roll on something sharp in the office (a staple, thumb tack, etc), it will pop! The rubbery material also makes a squeaky sound when rubbing against the floor. The friction alone will probably thin out the material on the ball causing it to burst one day. It will also probably burst just under pressure when you sit or bounce on it because nothing on the description page or on the box says how much weight this ball can hold. I am returning this ball and getting another one before I fall on my butt and hurt myself. So far the best one I've found rated for 2000 pounds is the GoFit ProBall Stability Ball (link might get outdated so you might need to search for it, make sure you look up the PROBALL series, not the regular). The Gofit ProBall is just five dollars more and seems to be better quality than this ball. The ProBall still had reviewers who said the ball burst on them mid-sitting though so no ball is 100% safe.As for the size of this Max Fitness ball, it was also too big for me. I am 5 foot 4 inches tall and I should have went with a 65cm because I can't even put my feet on the ground while sitting on the 75cm ball. This defeats the purpose of stabilizing with my leg/buttock muscles. The 75cm can be deflated to a smaller size but then it just feels way too squooshy with less air in it. I'm giving this product 2 stars not because I got the wrong size but because of the safety issue.The only thing I liked about this product was the foot pump. It was kinda cheap/flimsy like the ball but it did the job and doesn't seem as tiring as using a hand pump which balls of other brands come with.
We have a considerable amount of equipment in our home gym (LifeFitness treadmill and stationary bike, Concept 2 rower, etc.) and this product ended up in the closet. Think we saw it on Extreme Weightloss and thought we'd give it a try, but I think it may be better for someone who's just getting into condition rather than those who are looking to take it to the next level or maintain it at a high one.
Went camping with my son in backyard.....this tent is good for kids ONLY. I am 6'2 and I tried camping in this thing with my 4 year old son. NO ROOM whatsoever. My feet were practically sticking out of the tent. For a little more $$, you can get something much bigger.
half way thru the night of sleeping in this i started having dreams of drowning. when i awoke having CPR preformed on me. I quickly realized this tent does not breath well.... i was swimming in my breath probably wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't 29 degrees outside
I ordered 4 of these for my family to put in their cars. Light weight to carry if necc. I figured they are practical. Later I can get better tents if needed. If I had to carry one, it has to be light weight. 60 yr old female carring her own stuff. More then likely, I will chose to stay home. Too old for all that silly stuff of survival. It is 3 season tent. Very important to me. At least I know my family will have this shelter if needed.Update: received the tents, on the box they come in states "two season tents" The ad above states " 3 season". I am disapointed in this, but I am not sure about the difference in 2 & 3 season tents. I maybe sending it back, unless there is not much difference in the 2 & 3 season type. I am really disapointed in this. I did not even notice this until I was showing my son the tent.
Terrible for shower use, only for changing or privacy...unless you have a way to secure 5 gal solar shower bag nearby!Hot, not enough venting at top or on sides.Velcro is weakUsed at 2014 Coachella.  Good thing I had a 10' metal rack canopy tent to secure this too!  Or it wouldn't have survived the winds without paracord.Save your $, buy a Stinky Pete.
I am a cold steel fan. I remember when a lot of cold steel was made in the US. A lot of it is outsourced now, which isnt all bad, it allows for a lower price point, and as long the company is strict about quality assurance and checks the factory to assure said quality. I dont own these knives. I wanted to bring to your attention that Ontario Knife Company still produces EXCELLENT QUALITY knives, including a kitchen set. You may have seen a Old Hickory knife or two sometime in your parents kitchen growing up. I know i did, and in fact still had a couple of them up until a couple years ago when they were lost, i am in my thirties now. They are made to last. The other good news is you can actually pick up a similar sized set of the Ontario Kitchen knives for around $50.00 less than half of the cold steel set. Just an fyi.
it's less of an instructional knife throwing book and more a rather uninteresting life story on Gil Hibben.  I like to think one can usually find a few useful piece of information in any book, and this has a few, but don't justify the purchase price.  It's flimsy and cheaply bound and almost seems like something that should come free with a set of Gil Hibben throwing knives!!
Like many here, I am on the search for a really good pair of goggles which are comfortable, don't fog and don't leak.  Sadly I am still looking.I tried the different nose pieces on these but none of them was at all comfortable.  I was able to use them for about three laps of the pool then had to switch back to my other goggles since they were so painful across the bridge of my nose.  They also fogged up very fast so I had to keep taking them off and on again.  Leakage was not too much of a problem but since they were too painful to wear that doesn't help much.10 hours after removing the goggles, I noticed a small indentation remaining across the bridge of my nose.  The plastic used for the nose-piece is very hard and rigid.  In my opinion these goggles would be vastly improved if a softer material could be used.
the rubber around the eyes seems to be getting old or something after six months of use.  now after a few laps in the pool there is a very slight leak. the first time i thought i'd put them on a bit differently, but it's happened again. it lets in a little bit of water if i move my cheeks or nose at all.
This product may be great. But it does not fit well, I bought it this on sale and did not try for a month... now I can't return this. Basically the nose does not fit well, perhaps I have a larger face.
These initially worked incredibly well, good suction, minimal fog, and no water.  After about a month the fog frequently and constantly need to be readjusted to keep water out.
I have long hair and needed a better cap (my hair is half way down my back) and this is just too big.
This cap was definitely too small for my average sized head and felt very uncomfortable when swimming laps.  Ended up buying a cap for long hair (even though mine is short) which is much more comfortable.
I decided to grow my hair out and the time in the pool was damaging it. So I got this swim cap based on the number of reviews (only way with Amazon). The short of it - it doesn't stay on. Maybe I have an alien head shape? It doesn't matter - moving on to plan B which is trying a swim cap with ear pockets. We'll see...
Don't recommend unless you have a small head. It is much smaller than average. Very tight even for a 4 year-old. Returned.
I have mid-back length hair, which also happens to be very thick.  This cap absolutely will not stay on my head - even if I twist my hair into the smallest shape possible, the cap still pops right off.  Huge bummer, because the one that I bought has a really cool blue and white ombre pattern.  Overall, this is a well-made swim cap, it just doesn't work well if you have a lot of hair to wear it over.  I'm going to try the Speedo cap for long hair next and see if it works any better...
These gloves had great potential, but the stitching is poor.  I use these to add resistance while swimming, and the stitching started to come undone on the gloves in the first two months of use.  That was disappointing, to say the least.  However, before the stitching came undone, these gloves were a good training aid.  Don't know if these were defects or just poor products, but the fact that these fell apart so quickly under normal use will prevent me from buying this one again.
one size doesn't fit all .it has little resistance in the water waste of my money. would not recommend kids can play with these
Speedo Aqua Fit Training Swim GlovesI swim every day, mostly for the exercise; however, I felt that  wasn't getting enough of that, so I thought I'd look into the possibilities of swimming gloves. I wanted to see what the experience of others had been, so I came to Amazon to find out. What I read reassured me. Many people have commented on the increased resistance swim gloves provide, so I took the plunge and bought these. My experience? Total disappointment. I couldn't see any significant difference between swimming with or without the gloves. No, more than that, I couldn't see ANY difference, and I went so far as to try swimming with a glove on one hand and no glove on the other. No matter. I still couldn't see any difference.I was thinking of buy other, larger swim gloves, but I have already spent enough money on equipment, so I'll just chalk this one up to experience. Other people seem to have had different results, but I won't be taking these to the pool again.Many people said that the gloves are on the large side. That wasn't my experience. I bought the Large size on the basis of the table provided by the seller, but I now wish I had bought the larger size, because the Large size I purchased was a little too small. Not small enough to disqualify the gloves but small enough to be too difficult put on and a little uncomfortable to wear.
This shows gloves with a velcro wrist.  What I recieved was two pair with zippers.  The zippers are very low quality and more suited for doll clothes than athletic equipment. The zipper pull broke after a few months of use and I had to sew the sippers shut.  I would not recommend these cheaply made gloves.
it crawls up while you're trying to walk through water and  exercise . not very much water resistance for me
do not buy if you do not have a lot of money, had it for a year am a grown woman so I am not playing orruff in the pool, it is all broken up~2nd  it is so big way bigger than they said, I am not that big but my son is so I got this so we could sharehe never got to use it since it is broken
The belt sizing on this item was misleading. The belt was indicated to be 55" long and I could not come close to getting it on with a 48" waist. Also, this item should be sized larger as one of it's purposes is to help lose weight and it will probably be bought by larger sized people. I ended up fabricating a new belt that did fit but ultimately ended up buying an Aquajogger belt which has a heavy duty elastic belt and works much better as it does not "creep up" like the Speedo product and fits much better.Update: I bought a spare elastic belt for the Aquajogger and used it on the Speedo belt. So far, so good. I am keeping the Aquajogger belt in my SUV for use at the beach.
I had this Speedo anti-fog solution until I found a better and less expensive product.Because of the well know name I picked this product first time but  I was not happy about theeffectiveness of anti-fogging.  I now useJaws Quick Spit Antifog Spray, 1-Ouncey which is much better anti-fog spray and substantiallycheaper.  You are paying for the bland name here.
Fairly comfortable and did indeed help with excersizes that normally give my forearm splints. however after 2 uses, the stitching was coming loose on the side. after another week, it was a hole. they are still alive and in use but look like crap now. dont think it was worth the money
this was to small had to return my hubby has tiny hands but it was way to small they sent me the large one
These just felt bulky in all the wrong places of the hand. After using them for lifting my hands (nerves/ligaments) were actually hurting, especially towards the end of the workout (while they did not hurt while doing the same sets w/o the gloves on prior days). I have average hands and ordered size L - yet they were very tight still - difficult to put on and even more pain to take off later (had to pull off each finger separately). It's funny, I had some gloves that came with a Makita circular saw and since I had nothing else I used those for lifting - and my hands felt much more comfortable in those gloves than in these. I would not recommend these gloves.
I think weightlifting gloves are one of those items that you really need to try on before purchasing. Nevertheless the price was right on Amazon so I took the plunge only to find out that the size wasn't ideal. I'm somewhere between a L and an XL, but the way these gloves were made I don't think either would have fit me quite right. The gloves look ok, but there was some strange sewing/fabric near the fingers that just irritated me enough to not want to wear them when lifting. Ever since my wife made me start lifting with gloves to avoid those manly callouses I can't lift without them, but I much prefer the Nike strength gloves which are made of a much thinner fabric and have a zipper to close as opposed to irritating velcro.
These things are useless. The fingers are too short for the size of the glove, and the padding is so thick I can barely hold the bar during heavy deadlifts. I had a pair of GoFit Diamonds before which weren't very comfortable, but did protect my hands and improve my grip. The 143s protected my hands by weakening my grip (endangering my toes). I finished my workout with a pair of full fingered mountain biking gloves (Fox Men's Dirtpaw) I had in my car. I have to say, of the three pairs of gloves, the MTB gloves are way better (for deadlifting) than either of the made-for-lifting gloves.
I've had a number of Harbinger gloves over the years and never had a pair to bleed on me until these.  I use these for an hour of bootcamp at 5:00 am, and so I sweat quite a bit.  The back of the gloves will bleed the dye onto my hands which I have to scrub very hard to remove.  If you sweat, don't buy these.
The side of the glove is already torn and one of the stitching in the webbing of the glove is already coming off. As a graduate student, I can only currently fit in two week workouts. I've started heavily lifting again barely less than a month ago and it's already starting to tear. My cycling gloves are stronger than that! You have to be kidding me... Money wasted, pretty much.Another tip is to probably buy one size up. It was a good fit, pretty much perfect for me but this glove does stretch and can really choke the webbing of your fingers or constrict some movement of your hand. I'm stuck with these gloves I guess... They're not bad, but they are far from good as I initially believed of them.
Received these and was disappointed with the detail tailoring - the tailoring around the finger openings is loose/sloppy.  This allows the material to gather or bunch and can be uncomfortable.I ordered the Large based on other reviews -  but I think if you measure your hand correctly, the sizing will be accurate.The final straw for me was the oversized velcro closure on the back -  so large it digs into the wrist when you fold your hand up - I can't use these, they are a return for something else.
I use these to lift and when holding heavier free weights, there are pressure points that show up where some of the seams are.  Not enough padding and seams placed badly.
These are only OK gloves.  They will work fine for occasional use, but are not very well made and mine fell apart after heavy use.  The stitching on the index finger was the first place to give.Also, these take absolutely forever to dry out when they get wet.
They have decent grip but they are so cheaply made.  Bought these 3 months ago and the seams have already fallen apart.  The entire palm has opened up and flaps around.  I only use these glove at the gym.  They look like I bought them last year.  I can't believe how crappily these are made.  My other complaint is that the gloves roll up under your fingers.  You're constantly pulling them out.  The part where your fingers come out roll back inwards thus becoming a groove/bump under your fingers which become somewhat painful if you're doing (say pull ups).  It's like you're pressing your hand down on a pencil.  Won't order again
I bought this gloves so I wouldn't have to wrap my hands to protect my wrists everytime I went for a bag workout. One reviewer is clearly confused. They said that there was a metal bar in the glove to prevent fatigue in your hand. Turns out there is no metal bar in it, but instead it was plastic or something similar. Then when using these gloves on my 100 pound punching bag I wound up with blood blisters all over my knuckles. This has never happened to me before and I have been working out with punching bags for over 15 years. Yeah sure you might get some skin torn off from your hands rubbing on the inside of the leather everlast gloves the first couple weeks you use them but blood blisters on your knuckles after your knuckles are use to those kinds of blows for years. Another thing I noticed about these gloves is they wear out fast if you constantly use them on punching bags. They get to the point to where you feel like there is no padding in them. Gave these gloves 2 stars since I liked the idea of being able to wrap these gloves on and go to work. But they need to be greatly improved upon.
I bought the large size, and it fit like a medium.  My friend who's about a 33&#34; waist was just barely able to to use this.  We were able to trade, since he had a bought an XL, and it barely fit my 37&#34; waist.  I'd would have had to return this otherwise.  Need to get the sizing fixed.
The mat itself has a nice feel to it but it stretches a lot so if you are trying to do any form of yoga, sphinx pushups, etc it will keep stretching (immediately, not over time) until you have bad form.  It also slides around on the floor easily because it's not tacky at all.  So you cannot cannot do jumping at any angle at all on this or you will be on your butt on the floor.  Nice thickness but too stretchy and slippery.  Not safe for P90X.
I was very disopointed when this arrived it is a poor quality mat and will not stay in place it slips very easy and does not offer much of a cushion the material is awful it is way over priced. It should be sold in the dollor tree for a buck I would look elsewhere if you want a good yoga/workout mat. Only good thing I will say is I like that you can roll it back up easy
I couldn't really get over the rubbery smell of this mat. It was really bulky to bring to the gym. I ended-up throwing it out.
I, unfortunately, must have received a damaged balance trainer because it leaks air. At first I thought I might be imagining it, so I added more air and, sure enough, it deflates rather quickly. I can even hear the *hiss* from the air escaping when I stand on it. So I fear I cannot recommend this product! My experience seems to be out of the ordinary, at least compared to the other reviews I've read, so perhaps you'll have better luck.  I bumped up my review from one to two stars because I think that a (non-leaky) trainer would be a pretty good bang for your buck.  However, if you have more money to spend, I think a Bosu Balance Trainer is a far better option. You have a lot more room to stand on it, and it can be used for both balance and cardio exercises.
I'm very disappointed in this product. The best thing I can say is it comes in a nice sturdy box and I like the blue color of the product. The balance trainer itself reminds me of a flattened, underinflated playground ball. Other reviewers say there is a way to add more air and I do see what looks to be a valve, but there are no instructions anywhere. There isn't even a piece of paper describing the product. The box doesn't have photos of the product in use. There is a reference to the manufacturer's website and that site has a small .pdf copy of a brochure which gives disclaimers about the product and a few exercises that can be done using the balance trainer, some of which require two balance trainers. There is one exercise in which you stand on the trainer and simulate walking that isn't too bad, but I quickly became bored with it. At this point, this product will probably end up unused in my basement. I don't think it's worth trying to figure out how to add more air.
Quality just keeps getting worse and worse over the years.  Started ripping after just a few workouts.  This style keeps changing often and the quality keeps getting worse. I've switched to other styles.
It didn't really work for me, I actually found it to be uncomfortable and caused me some pain after a couple of 6 mile rides.
I purchased this shirt for the purpose of wearing it at the gym. I didn't have any problem with this shirt until I started running. I have never experienced chafing in any shirt that I've ever worn before while running. The shirt is still comfortable enough for me to wear as long as I'm not running. Maybe it's just me, but I won't reorder this particular shirt again.
Yeah well first of all it's very cheap made, I personally never saw anything looks cheaper than this thingy and its price is not an excuse. Basically it's just a piece of cloth which looks like tank top )Size L is too wide but guys with belly would be happy -- it's covering all "non juicy curves".Looks like there's problem with good tank tops for gym in US in general because in Europe there's an amazing sports goods super market Decathlon where there're plenty of good quality clothing with excellent value. For example, I bought nice tank top for 6 euro and it lasts 2 years already with I don't know how many laundry loads and still fits me just perfect.I've checked $10 and $30 tank tops here in US and non of them even close to that one.I can't say "don't buy" because you have no choice here )))
Yeah Just got these and tried these on. It is like every clothing manufacturer is trying to experiment with how thin they can make the material so that they can maximize profits and make you have to buy more when these tear or go bad.Whatever Amazon prime 12 bucks two shirts delivered free in 2 days.. The shirts arent soft. The material is thin.. not the WORST I have seen but really really close to being what I would term "Bad" Ehh...
Compared with any other clothing I wear, including other cotton tanks, this product is substantially undersized.  I will shortly return it for a larger size and perhaps a different brand.
I've had some Russell Tees for a few years now and I love them in the winter because they are bulky and heavy. Either I ordered the wrong item or their quality has gone down the toilet. Actually, I think it's both. The fit's ok, the colors are ok, but the material is paper thin! I'll keep them and wear them in the summer, although I don't need more summer tees, but I certainly would never buy them again at any price! Walmart tees are FAR superior to these in quality of the material. Incidently, there is nothing I can find on these shirts or on the tags that indicate what the material is. I thought that was a law. label says &#34;Made in El Salvador of USA fabric&#34;.
When I got these shirts they fit great! After one washing in cold water and air - drying it turned into a different shirt. They got a lot shorter, up to my belt short and the neck got a lot bigger, showing lots of skin in the front and back. Yet some how they stayed wide. They are great if you want a disposable shirt.
Way to small even for a small person. If you order this item you need to watch your size requirement..
These gloves are not terrible for $15 or less; the reason they get 2 stars is because of the weak wrist support and the misleading pics. Amazon has pics of 12 different gloves with all sorts of different makes under this product. The initial one is accurate, these are the new style 'pro' gloves with the elastic wrist band rather than the old vinyl or leather wrap that gave support. A cost cutting measure to use less expensive material I'm sure.I bought the previous generation 'pro gloves' from 2008 and even now, 5 years later they offer better wrist support than the new ones. Do not hit anything with these without wrapping your wrists well! 180&#34; wraps, no BS.I plan to return these and put that money towards some better made budget gloves under $50 - either a better made pair of everlasts, maybe some ryval or venums, kofightgear I hear makes good inexpensive gloves, I think any of these would be a better investment than these. Then again for $15, they are tempting to keep, but i know id try to use them as i would a better made glove, likely with bad results. Protect your wrists folks, those injuries tend to compound.
These gloves are great for extreme beginner boxers, but that's about it, and only for like a month or so. The impact cushion is cheap foam, the shape is strange and requires too much effort to make a proper fist, which could result in a serious strain and or broken metacarpal.Do yourself a favor and invest in some better quality gloves, you will want to replace them pretty soon anyways. Unless you are super broke and you really need gloves asap, invest the $24 that these cost and buy quality gloves.
I bought these gloves as a replacement for some cheap $20 bulk generic made-in-China gloves my boxing gym has available.  Because they are Everlast, I thought they would be good.  I've been very disappointed.  These gloves offer almost no wrist support, and I had to start using wraps to protect my wrists.  After about 4 weeks of medium-duty use, the vinyl is peeling and the stitching is falling apart.  The only good thing I can say about them is that they don't smell as bad as other gloves I've used, so they do seem to resist odor as advertised.
For real sparring, this has no nose or jaw protection, it will only protect you from hooks thats about it, do not recommend it.
construction was s*** bought 3 pairs, the velcro was stictched on backwards on two of the wraps--two separate ones! shoddy, pos constructon, the threads started to wear open after minimal use
These hand wraps are not nearly long enough to properly wrap an adult hand.  This would be ok if the 108" length was noted on the description.  A normal wrap is 180". The quality of the webbing is fine, and they would be fine wraps for a child.