It's cheaply made but does what it is supposed to do. Wish it was USB rechargeable. I don't think it will survive a monsoon but light rain it can handle.
Bought this for my wife as a tool to use to do mild exercises while she is going through chemotherapy.  She is 5&#8217;6&#8221; and has a hard time, no; she can&#8217;t use the cables for most of the exercises because the cables are too long. She has to double over the cables so the length is not too long.  This would be fine if there was a second door and ankle attachment, but there is not! She does use one cable at a time and does find the construction very good.  The variety of band resistances are nice as well as the exercise instruction book.
I have had these for about a week now... and i am afraid to use it at full potential...why?well from the first minute i took it out of the bag, i could tell it is made of cheap material...it just did not feel sturdy or durable enough to handle any demanding exercise or tension... the rubber bands look like they can snap if you push them... and if that happens it could be very dangerous as it might hit you and cause you injury...i will continue to use and update this review....but regardless of whether anything happens or not...this is not a product i would buy again as it doesn't feel firm or sturdy enough for the kind of tension workouts it is intended for...
I have not even bother reading the directions and was not really inspired to use this product to be honest. I couldn't figure out if you were supposed to fold the cords (they are long) or how to use them but I really didn't put forth the effort either. If your considering buying this looking for some serious resistance this is not the product as I think it's very lightweight. Others seem to like this because I did research and read reviews.
I bought these to use when I tried P90X, and they wore out around day 60 (I ended up buying the bowflex 5-52 adjustable weights to finish).  I enjoyed them while they lasted, and it should be noted you must have shoes on when using this, otherwise it will pinch/rubber burn your foot...common sense should have told me that I suppose but I learned the hard way haha.
Instructions of the exercises are a little hard to follow; but seems to be made well and I think it will last a while.
Especially the smaller ones, they break really easily. Oh well, the rest of it seems to work just fine. I'll probably buy a different one after all the plastic tips have broken.
The main benefit of this putting mat is the ball return, which works well and is very convenient (definitely helps keep visiting kids entertained!).  The downside is the green fabric putting mat itself, it is difficult to smooth out which means each time we roll it up to store it, the next time we bring it out we have to smooth it out all over again which is an annoyance.  Also, the overall cheap look to the background and the stickers over the hazards.  Everything but the ball return is cheap, so the $40 price tag is a little steep, I think I'd view it more favorably at $30.
This set is good for the office - and if you have carpet, it would help if you attach some velcro at the ends to make the mat straight. Otherwise the mat is my biggest complaint - it does not straighten out enough. The return mechanism is pretty good, the unit itself feels fairly cheap. My 7 and 10 year olds enjoy it, even set some obstacles to make the course more interesting.As far as using it in the office, I had a few bosses who like to &#34;practice&#34; at the office, and this would be a winner for a birthday gift.
Golf is one sport for which there is always room for improvement. And one of the areas where many struggle is putting. Getting the grip, the aim, the stroke, and everything else just right takes time and effort and Club Champ is here to help with the task.With this Club Champ product, you get nine feet of putting area to practice and improve your skill. The carpet comes folded and it can take time to work out the creases, but once flattened you are ready to grab a golf ball, your favorite putter, and start practicing.Probably the best feature of this Club Champ product is the ball return. It works well and continuously sends the ball back to you. I like that I can stand in one place and putt the ball over and over again. This makes it nice not just for putting practice, but also for kids who can entertain themselves without much frustration.It&#8217;s cool to have a way to practice one&#8217;s putting, but there are problems with this product that lead me to lower my rating. The biggest issue I have is with the construction. It is made about as cheaply as possible, apparently for maximum profits. And yes, the design, with its sticker &#8220;traps&#8221; for sand and water and its background of trees is silly. But it&#8217;s the construction that bothers me the most. With repeated use, it&#8217;s only a matter of time until the putting green tears or something breaks.My overall opinion of this Club Champ product is average overall. I was torn between 2 and 3 stars, but I will go ahead and give it 3 because it does succeed at what it was intended to do: Help you practice putting and returning the ball so that you won&#8217;t have to chase it down. Take away the ball return feature and it would lose its appeal, but as it stands, it&#8217;s acceptable enough to earn a slight recommendation.
We had a lot of fun playing with the Putt 'N Hazzard, but I don't believe that it would work well for any kind of serious practice.  Most of the successful putting that went on could be more attributed to luck more than anything else.  The "grass" was somewhat wrinkled and took a while to settle down.  Everyone had to get used to the eccentricities of the Putt 'N Hazzard, which ended up being more of a hazard than anything else.Ellie Mae, the cat, had more fun than anyone as she tried to catch the golf ball when it was returned.  That is when it decided it would return.  More often than not it would get stuck and sit until someone tapped it with the putter.  The background of the Putt 'N Hazard is a hologram, but nothing that will hold up if it's hit frequently.  The sand and water hazards would catch the ball readily and would guide the golf ball into the chute.The return was never consistent and that's where I feel it would be frustrating if any of us were going to use it for practice.  As a form of entertainment, it was fun, but was soon put aside.  I don't think I'd recommend it for practice because of the totally inconsistent ball return.  For entertainment, maybe, but only if you have a lot of money to throw around.  It's a so-so type of product, but with limitations.
It is a length of turf-type mat with a plastic assembly that has the hole, and two traps (one colored blue for water and one colored tan for sand). All three lead into the automatic ball return that works sometimes and sometimes it doesn't.The mat comes folded up so it has creases that can give you a rolling green affect that is totally unrealistic. I haven't found a way to get those creases totally out and I've had it flat on the floor for over a week.This will add nothing to your putting game other than having a some-time ball return for playing around. The whole apparatus seems cheaply made and I can think of a lot of other things I would rather have for the cost of this.Here's the measure of this device: my wife has never played golf, even the miniature variety. She tried eight putts, making six of them. Then she asked "what else does it do?" I said "Nothing". She sat down. I moved it into another room against the wall. 'Nuf said.Not horrible. Not great. Two stars plus one for the ball return (when it works);.This will be used by our grandkids - until they become bored with it, too.
The issue I have with the CLUB CHAMP PUTT N' HAZZARD (sic) putting green is that every aspect of it feels cheaply made and likely to fall apart quickly. The back &#34;3D&#34; wrap-around uses Velcro and doesn't fit properly. It leaves gaps between the base and the wrap no matter how much I fiddled with it. The putting surface isn't bad at all, but needs a little ironing to lay flat. The ball return works well enough. The plastic cup, &#34;sand trap&#34; and &#34;water hazard&#34; are made of very thin plastic. Not durable at all. If you use this at your office, it will probably hold up. But if you have little kids like me, they'll destroy this thing pronto.Overall this putting green feels cheaply made. I'd look elsewhere.
I have owned a few swisstools and this was a bit of a disappointment. Half of the tools do not lock solidly in place with &#34;up and down&#34; play. The Sheath I received was defective. The button will not even close. I have written Victorinox to see if they will replace it. I assume they will.Just as reference they have changed the swisstool slightly this year. There is no red label on the tool anymore as shown in the picture. The full serrated blade is also a Sheepsfoot shape now and not as shown in the picture.This tool is still better in quality than most leathermans in my opinion. Leatherman is hit or miss on the Quality Control in my experience. This is the first Swisstool I have ever owned that I was even slightly disappointing with. Don't let the 3 stars fool you.
This float was purchased to be a 'floating cover' as required by central Texas laws in regards to having 25% of your pool covered.  This float does not stay in the pool on even mildly windy days so I do not recommend it for that purpose.  Additionally I got the orange one which faded within the first week and now after a few more weeks looks absolutely pitiful.I have to put air into it every couple of weeks too.The kids do enjoy this one a lot because it allows their body's to dip into the water while relaxing on it.
Came as a light blue color, not the grey as shown in the picture. Fits rather loose on my marlin .22 lr, and also clicks the trigger safety on and off. To big to fit on my glock .23 as it is a smaller gun to begin with, so i just use the cable lock it came with. Other than that i could see this as an excellent lock, but it's picky with the guns it fits.
I wanted a trigger lock for my new Ruger GP-100 revolver. The one that Ruger supplies you with is a large padlock that fits through the cylinder, but you can't close a normal handgun case lid while it's on the revolver. Here in CA, strict gun laws prohibit us to drive with an unlocked firearm. Ruger provides a cheap, hard plastic, form-fitting case with the revolver. As I left the gun shop, there was no way I was going to be able to put this padlock on and keep it in it's case. I figured a trigger lock would be much more suitable for the gun as well as the longevity of the cylinder (not to mention a foam form-fitting case being a must-have). I don't want the off chance of something like the cylinder getting bent during transport. I prefer not to have the lid of any case pushed up against it.When reading other users reviews, I found very few people talking about what guns it did/didn't work on for them. C'mon people! Help some of us out! I looked all over for anyone even saying it worked on a revolver in general. I'm not 100% pleased with the lock, but I'll manage to make it work. I'm here to say that it fits OK on a Ruger GP-100, but it definitely doesn't fit on a Beretta PX4 Storm. On the GP-100, you have to have it at about a 35 degree angle, which the instructions say that's alright, but I'd rather it be at a horizontal position. The grip of the revolver is in the way, but like I said, you can angle it and make it fit. It's still tight and you can't wiggle it around. I have yet to try it on my shotgun, although I prefer my cable lock on something like that.All in all, it'll work for transporting my firearm to the range. Nothing more. It's not a lock to keep a thief away. It's simply so I can abide by the law and be legal about transporting my firearm. That's about all it's good for. If you're worried about child safety - get a safe.
I purchased this trigger lock during the waiting period prior to picking up my rifle, and it actually got to my house before I could bring my gun home.  As a father with a young person in the house, safety is PARAMOUNT!!! The instructions were clear enough, but when I mounted the trigger lock on my rifle, there was a fair amount of give, and it was possible to work your fingers in there and get the trigger to pull.  I was concerned about this, as doing so would be easier for smaller (read "children's) fingers.The lock gets 3 stars because it does make pulling the trigger a lot more inconvenient, even if it isn't foolproof. The combination is programmable and the directions are clear and pretty easy to follow.  At this point, keeping the upper and lower detached from each other, and storing the magazine and ammunition in two other separate places keeps the gun from being inadvertently handled or fired by my little man.  Oh yeah, the threat of the most severe punishment ever given by a father to a son for handling my rifle without permission or supervision also helps.  I don't even know what it would be...and neither of us wants to find out.
I do use these trigger locks as tertiary protection in case one of the kids get's into the gun closet (even though my kids have been trained in firearm safety).It does what it should....keep someone from pulling the trigger of a firearm, but I did have 1 of 5 that was defective...I set the combination, and it worked a few times, but then I tried to unlock it, and the center combo wheel just spun freely, so wasn't actually turning the internal mechanism. At $10 a pop, not a big deal to replace it, but thought getting it off would be a problem....so I grabbed an adjustable wrench and gripped the sliding unlock lever and forced it upward. It came up without much force, and the lock came off. So if anyone is not concerned with damaging the lock, it can easily be removed.So, this is really just added safety to keep kids from hurting themselves. Still, firearm safety training is your first line of defense, and guns should be locked in a secure safe, locker, closet, etc. Do not use this as a primary deterrent.Also, regarding revolvers, Depending on the model, I would not put a round under the hammer, or in the next position and expect this lock to prevent accidental fire. And of course, with a semi-auto, if it chambered and cocked, just removing the lock could release the trigger, so probably not a good idea to use these on a loaded firearm.
my only issue is that you can't put this lock on and put it in a gun case smaller than 3 inches high.  There is a 1 inch nub in the back of the lock.  I use this in place of the cable lock which I hate using because you have to keep the action open and the slide springs are compressed.  If someone sits for a couple days straight, they can probably figure out your combo with only 3 numbers, but it's better than nothing and you don't have to worry about losing a key.
This is a Nice safety item, but it takes time to remove it from your weapon... Not good in a I need it right now situation, but over all a good item to have when you have little ones in your home!!
I bought a couple of these to lock shotguns.  They work OK but overall feel of the combination wheels doesn't give me the impression that they're very sturdy or will last a long time.  After playing with them a bit, decided to just leave them off the guns until I was sure they wouldn't "change" combinations on me. They remind me of those cheesy locks on suitcases.  I'll try them for a while before putting into use on a gun.
It's alright.  The numbers wiggle around a lot so you need to really turn it accurately when you use it.  Other than that, it will shield you from unsafe transporting firearms well.
This lock is great, but it has a long pole that feeds through and makes it very wide and hard to store in a gun case if around the trigger.
MADE BY MASTER LOCK WHICH IS A PLUS BECAUSE MASTER LOCKS ARE GOOD STRONG LOCKS.  ALTHOUGH THIS TRIGGER LOCK IS TOUGH AND IT WAS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR, IT IS NOT AS TOUGH AS I WOULD LIKE IT TO BE. SOME OF THE PARTS ARE MADE OF PLASTIC WHICH I PREFER IT TO BE MADE OF ALL METAL.  SECONDLY THIS LOCK DOESN'T MAKE A GOOD TIGHT SEAL ON MY COLT M4 CARBINE. WHEN I PUT IT ON MY WEAPON AND LOCK IT CLOSED I CAN STILL MOVE THE LOCK AROUND. EVEN USING ALL OF MY STRENGTH TO CLOSE IT I CAN STILL PULL THE LOCK DOWN ENOUGH TO SEE THE TRIGGER. THIS IS NOT PARTICULARLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. I WANTED A TRIGGER LOCK THAT WHEN I CLOSED IT SHUT, THERE WILL BE NOTHING IN MY POWER THAT I CAN DO, WITHOUT THE AID OF TOOLS,  TO OPEN IT OR EXPOSE THE TRIGGER ENOUGH TO SHOVE SOMETHING LIKE A FLAT HEAD SCREW DRIVER IN THE GAP AND TOUCH THE TRIGGER, POSSIBLE EVEN SETTING OFF THE TRIGGER. MAYBE THIS TRIGGER LOCK WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON FUTURE FIREARMS THAT I INTEND ON BUYING. F.Y.I.  I AM BUYING A 12 GAUGE SHOTGUN AND A .45 KIMBER RAPTOR II. I HOPE IT WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON EITHER OF THOSE.
Its okay.  It doesn't really fit perfectly with my rifle M & P 15-.22.  Material quality is durable enough to last.
the goods:-feels secure when properly attached-3 digit combo good for ease of access if needed-decent length connection post for wider guns-feels very heavy weight, and appears to be fairly solid & well built-lots of little spikes and buttons to assist in securing in one position-does not budge at all when put on properlyThe fugly:-definitely not made for all guns. This does not fit or work adequately on my AR-very large. More than tripled the width of my handgun when I secured itin the  best possible position.-Due to width, does not fit well in my stock cases at all.-not good for anti-theft. Easy to crack the combo in less than 40 minutes.All in all, this is a great lock for the right person. This is really not the type of lock to prevent your gun from being stolen, but it will definitely reduce the risk of any accidental discharges. If you have young ones in the house, you may want to opt for a lock with a key as this one is pretty easy to get past.It is not for all guns, like I said, my AR does not agree with it. Part of this is due to my having a magazine well grip, but even without that I don't think this would be safe on that style of rifle. This fits best on revolvers and rifles with a rounded trigger guard, although after experimenting with differnt directions of mounting, it was perfect on an XDm9mm, a S&W; M&P9mm;, and a .38 Chief Special.
These pads are all rubber and roughly 1/8th inch thick. They are easy to carry inside the original box. The white color gives maximum visibility which helps when placing on grass or on a dirt field. Because it's real thin, it's better to flatten / trim tall grass to avoid bending too much.All in all it's a serviceable set of pads when playing in a park or patch of grass. But for more serious games I think it's better to look for base with more height to the pad, like real bases.
Bought these because they were relatively cheap for the whole set.  After having them and using them for a year, they are beginning to deteriorate.  Some are ripped and crumbling into pieces and others are severely discolored.  Good for the price, but I think the weather is hard on them.
The good is that they are thin and I can roll them up and put them in the baseball bag easily.  The bad is that they are thin and move easily.  Also, amazon's price was a little high as the normal price at Target was lower by a dollar and I've seem them on sale for as low as $12.
This line is alright.. I find it more manageable than traditional braid because it is a little more stiff, but the uneven texture takes some getting used to. The color comes off all over your hands pretty easily, so you end up with a lighter color line after some use, though that is pretty normal with braided line variants. After some abrasion i did have it snap on a cast once, very unexpected. I used this 14lb test on bait-casters, casts pretty well.
I used it for about a week until it ripped and now I have to sow it back up and it said replica but I didnt expect it to be so small.
We got this trike to teach our two year old how to ride. At the time he was around the same size as typical 3-4 year olds. Even with the seat all the way down, he had a lot of trouble reaching the pedals. As he got older and bigger, he was able to ride more successfully, but I would say still not comfortably. Also, getting on the trike is actually harder for him because of the stairs in back.I'd go for a different shaped trike if I had it to do again.Pro:- Solidly built- Looks great!- Fairly easy to assembleCon:- Hard for my son to get on and off- Too big for the kids most likely to ride a trike instead of a bike, IMO- Bell is quiet stiff for smaller hands- HEAVY!
We got this for my son who never warmed to it and then handed it down to my daughter.  She does not use it much either.  As others have noted it is big - too tall for the little kids who really want a trike.  By the time they are big enough for it - they want a bike.  Lots of visiting kids seem to like it - kids in the 2-4 year old range.  It LOOKS like fun - big and red.  No matter what anyone does to it I can repair it.  It is simple and tough.  I find it touching too.  Didn`t everyone have one of these when they were a kid?  I try to carry it into the garage every time everyone is done (and boy is it heavy).  It`s steel, so if you leave it out in the rain it will rust.  Then it makes the familiar "squeak squeak squeak" sound when someone rides it.  Just like when I was a kid!
This is an ok knife but for the price point get the browning walnut handle knife with Sweden Sandvik steel instead...it's about 20 times as good....and a better lockup....
Overall, I'd say that this is a fantastic knife. The other glowing reviews for the knife are absolutely correct in terms of its solid feel and sharpness. The lock is excellent, and the serrated edge is just about perfect. For the price, I don't know if you can do any better in terms of folding knives.But then the unexpected let down.I took it with me on a kayaking trip to an island off the coast of Florida. I had three knives with me, all of them Gerber knives of different types. All three were stainless steel blades, one being a PFD knife, and the other a full tang non-folding knife.Over the course of the trip out there, all three knives were exposed to significant amounts of salt water. Both of the other knives had made this trip before, so I didn't give it a second thought.  I guess I should have, because opening the knife the next day revealed a blade covered in rust spots. Of course, I cleaned it off as best I could when I brought it home, but there are still a couple dozen rust marks on the face of the blade that just won't come off.So I know that it's my fault for not washing off the blade immediately. I guess since the other two knives have had no problems, I just didn't think about it. With those knives I can just wash the dried salt residue off of them whenever I get around to it. And with a limited fresh water supply (whatever I can fit in my kayak along with the rest of the gear), I need to be careful with how much I use.I guess to me the question is if Gerber can make these two other knives impervious to salt water, then why not this one?Maybe there are others out there with better experiences in salty environments, and if anyone would like to mention those experiences, feel free to leave a comment with this review. I welcome dissenting opinions, but I can only review based on my own personal experiences. And overall I love the knife, but it had to lose points for rusting after one day.
The blade is sharp out of the box. For what i paid for it, its worth it.I like the design on the blade and the feel of the whole thing on my hand.
I rated it three stars because the grit wears off too quickly.  Otherwise it is great.  In combination with their sharpening guide, you can get a professional-looking sharp edge right away.  Great to have for an extended camping trip where a sharp knife is a necessity.
The diafold works like you would imagine but it's a midget compared to the actual bench stones DMT offers. Good to keep in your toolbox when on the go. Will sharpen everything from regular stainless to hardened steel.Honestly though, i think you're paying more for a brand name with this product. Sharpening tools of equivalent usage value could be had for much less.
This knife works fine, but its much smaller than I anticipated.  Please read the dimensions to be sure of what you're buying.  Its smaller than a Chapstick tube.  This is not the standard size pocket knife as I thought I was buying.  I will try and take a photo and post later for comparison.  Price wasn't bad, good quality product, just smaller than I was expecting.
This tool is a bit outdated now.  There are more useful configurations out there that have some improved features, like a built in LED, more robust knife, bottle opener,
As a novelty, I got this to check out and see how useful it was.  But I was really most interested to see if TSA agents would have a fit about it.  The x-ray operators either didn't spot it in my bag or weren't too concerned about it (on either leg of my last round trip flight).The knife is too small for anything too useful other than maybe a letter opener or to poke through the seal on your bottle of Advil.The pen is interesting, but a little hard to manage if you have big hands.It probably would be most useful in your toiletries kit for when you're travelling.
I thought this would be a more substantial item that I could carry when I traveled.  It's actually a little cheesy and I couldn't recommend it except as a little more than a toy.
I own the rescue tool and the steel quality is undeniable... just like this multitool. But unlike the rescue tool, this was a pain to get the individual tools out. They are too tucked into the frame and you have to pry them out with something to get at one, and then get at the others. I don't know if it was a defect or if the are all like this, but it was not like their other product that I own.
Victorinox makes fine products, and this model is lovely, classic, and durable. However, it is missing tools that you will probably want, such as scissors, while including things you rarely use. (Also, a blade that locks open is preferable for safety.) Pick another model and you (or your gift recipient) will be happier.
The Tinker is an outstanding knife with an ideal selection of the most useful every-day tool features (only the scissors is missing), and no "gimmick" tools to make it needlessly bulky or heavy. However, you don't actually want it. Trust me. You'll be happier with EITHER the "Super Tinker" or the "Small Tinker" depending on what you're wanting.If you're looking for ALL the ideal tools... The "Super Tinker" is nearly identical in size and weight, but it includes a scissors and a carrying hook. The scissors is the one useful-every-day tool that the regular Tinker lacks, so you might as well spend a couple bucks more and get the Super Tinker.If you're looking for lightweight pocketability... The "Small Tinker" offers the same tools as the Tinker, but in a slightly smaller package (about 1/4" shorter and slightly thinner also). You won't even notice the difference in the tool sizes, but you will notice that the Small Tinker fits nicer in your pocket and weighs a little less.Swiss Army knives are awesome, especially due to their high quality for relatively low cost. And the Tinker offers one of the best tool sets. But it pales in comparison to the Super Tinker (more tools in same size package) or the Small Tinker (same tools in a smaller, more pocket-friendly size) which offer a superior solution for every-day-tool-needs or every-day-pocket-carry, respectively.
Bought this last Christmas, it made it through the summer, but by this point it no longer has any grip. So I got the kids another one this Christmas. At this price ($8.99) I believe we got our value out of it but feel it should have stood up to a little more abuse than it did.
This boat is for pool use only.  It did not hold up during a 4 hour, 4 mile kayak trip with minimal rapids.Early in the trip the boat rubbed on some rocks underwater and the floor of the boat was punctured and started taking on water.  By the end of the trip the boat got caught on a rock while I was towing it and it ripped the plastic ring off the front where you can tie a rope.It deflated almost instantly and sank our stereo with my mp3 player before we got a chance to save our stuff.So I can say first hand this boat isn't durable enough to be anything other than a pool toy.  However, if you played too rough with it then you could probably tear it up in the pool too.
I bought this boat for my grandson to use at the beach. The ocean was rough, but my granddaughter and two of her cousins rode in the boat at the same time and had an absolute blast riding breakers in to the beach. The bottom inflates separately, so don't forget to inflate it as well. The only thing I really did not like is the inflation valve. It is one of those valves that comes on any cheap float or tube you buy at the beach. The Intex River Run tube I bought for my granddaughter had a heavy duty inflation valve that you could unscrew and it would deflate instantly. The valve on this boat (also an Intex product) you must squeeze together to let air out and it took a long, long time to deflate. If this boat had the same valve that comes on the River Rub tube I would give it 5 stars.
I like Dr Bonner products because they're all natural and can be used in multiple ways. This one smells nice, so it's a good departure from the antiseptic smell of most cleaners.  Don't expect it to perform for tough cleaning jobs, though. It's as mild (or milder) than dish soap.
dr bonners is great soap. you can use it for so many different things, and it's castile soap and organic so you know it's quality. it soaps up real good but if you wash your hair with it you'll catch random wiffs of a weird &#34;rose&#34; and hair mix that's just kind of not sexy in my book.stick with the peppermint or citrus, those scents are premium.
I thought I would love this, but it seemed watery to me. Left a film on the dishes, though it's supposed to be in addition to everything else a dish soap. I'm sure I will find ways to use this up, but I don't think I'll be back for another.
Product is not tear free. Found out after my daughter complained and I tested it in my own eyes. Ouch!
That's all I can say.  Lathers better and is thicker Doc Woods.  I will try another brand the next time I order.  This was relatively inexpensive given how much I paid for the inferior Doc Woods product earlier.
I bought this product for my psoriasis because some of the reviews said it helps. I have not seen a change in condition.
This product is indeed a watered down version of the soap. Still good soap but 1/5 as potent as same bought a year or so ago. Again, good soap, BUT why don't they mention less potent?
Bought these as a replacement for my son's Razor scooter.  The old ones developed flat spots after many years but these developed flat spots after only several months....
Comfortable. Holds air well. Could be wider. Valve must be pinched just right to inflate or deflate. This is a bit of a pain.
I got three of these for car camping. All three developed slow, unfindable leaks in less than a week. Spend more for a Big Agnes air mattress and sleep well.
Me and my wife have a small Coleman two person pop up tent and we wanted some air mattresses to pack down with us. These are &#34;ok&#34;, your not sleeping on the ground but they're not super lightweight. If your into minimal camping, these are probably gonna be a little more weight than you wanna add but I was carrying two so it's personal preference.They get the job done and weren't too expensive so take it for what it worth.KCCO
Hey, if you need a cheap air mattress for a quick camping trip, this product would be great.  But make sure you aren't tall and don't move around a lot when you sleep.  My 10 year old kept falling off this at night and ending up on the floor of the tent instead.  We had to buy her a replacement mattress.
These goggles are 5 stars as far as function.  They seal well.  They are comfortable.  They have flat lenses so there is not visual distortion.  But after only 6 months of use they rubber that seals to your face is cracking and brittle.  Didn't expect them to last forever but I was hoping at least a year.  They are more affordable if you buy them in 3 packs.
this a good disc nothing extraordinary. i think there are better discs out there in the market.. good for an evening in the park to play though. cant complain considering the price.
These discs are amazing and really easy to toss, however the big one is far superior to this smaller one.
I got this disc because the Aerobie Pro is made for big open spaces and I only had limited space to throw. This disc was perfect for the smaller area I had to throw in and is just as fun if not more fun than the Aerobie Pro.The only problem I had was that this disc broke within the first day of throwing from normal recreational use. Maybe there was a defect already in the disc but I was very disappointed with its lifespan.It is still loads of fun and will give it another try eventually.
This worked well enough for its first weekend camping, but it was definitely getting soft after a couple nights.  I guess I've already got a small leak, somewhere.The valve doesn't quite fit snugly with our Coleman-brand air pump, so it requires at least two hands to inflate (we've got an older quick-bed, its valve fits perfectly).It's so big, it barely fits through the door of our tent.  Somebody else mentioned the "trampoline" effect of an air mattress this big, and it's true:  if one person lifts himself to roll over and then plops back down, then the other "trampolines" into the air.  Only two very sound sleepers can sleep together on this thing.  Maybe we should've gotten two twin-sized airmattresses...And the "Wrap'n'Roll" system is just a gimmick.  Don't pay extra for it.Ben
It works fine for blowing up my queen air mattress, but it has two problems. First, the on/off switch can easily be bumped into the ON position while the pump is being transported, which will run down the battery (to fix that I flip around one of the batteries when I'm not using it). Second, rarely the pump just quits in the middle of use; shaking it or bumping it starts it up again. Overall this is nothing special but it gets the job done.
This is the newest incarnation of Coleman's Rechargeable QuickPump. I've had two nearly identical models over the last 8 years. I was hoping they improved it to be quieter, but not at all. Maybe worse. (I checked. Wal-Mart has it.)The noise level can be annoying in your back yard or home. More so at a campsite where people are trying to get away from noisy and rude. To me, its piercing whine screams "careless design."Consider using a good quality foot pump (good ones can cost $40). They never run out of juice, although they're not as fast or easy.I don't use the "deflation feature." Large-valve mattresses will self deflate in a few minutes.PROs:~~> Fast inflation of "Boston valve" type mattresses, such asIntex Downy Twin Bed~~> You don't have to feed it batteries, like the D-cell version~~> Coleman now sells replacement nozzles at their site. This bumps my review up to 3-starsCONs:~~> Noisy, rude.~~> Limited capacity in wilderness (probably about 10-12 twin size mattress inflations)~~> Manual asks you to "recharge every 3-5 months, even if not used" (Not convenient.)~~> No case (cheap soft-sided cooler or lunch box works well)
This pump is likely fine for Coleman beds, but I bought it for the "fits other brands and items".Sadly,  every airbed manufacturer seems to design their own, custom fill-vent.  The Coleman was a full .5" too small (diameter) to work with my Simmons and wouldn't fit my Aerobed either.The battery is a lead one, and not light.  The quickpump running without a bed attached also seemed to be twice as noisy versus the 120V plug-in charger for the Simmons bed-- very much not quiet.For my purposes, and because of the noise level, Not Recommended.  Coleman bed owners who don't mind the noise may be ok.
The construction is great,  but I didnt realize this was made for kids when I bought it.I wiped out in the first 4 minutes and left it by the side of road.  I got some road rash on my face and learned a valuable lesson.If I was a kid , i would probably be loving it.
I bought this for my daughter as part of her birthday present this past February.  Unfortunately, being a winter birthday she couldn't go outside and use it except for a couple days when the weather has gotten better(it's late March right now).  However, she has been scooting around the house for the last few weeks and has gotten the hang of it pretty well.  All the neighborhood kids already have these scooters so it'll be nice for her to race her friends!I'm giving it an OK rating because aside from assembly being super-simple(just unfold it and it 'clicks' in place) and looking like good quality(that's why I went with the Razor name instead of a cheaper alternative) it has already started loosening around the headtube.  It's to the point where the front wheel can completely turn a different direction than the handlebar if you put the lightest pressure on it!  I'm almost afraid to let her go outside now and use it on the sidewalks(she does have a matching Razor helmet which I always make her wear).  It's only been used in the house for a few weeks and shouldn't fall apart like this!Unfortunately, I don't have a big enough wrench nor do I know what size headtube wrench to buy on Amazon.  We've had numerous bikes at the house over the years and I can't remember ever once having to tighten the headtube.  I wonder if this is a common issue?  If anyone knows the answer to my questions I would greatly appreciate it!Jae
This scooter was okay for the price, but didn't last as long as I would have hoped. In rusted after just a few months and the wheels didn't move as well. Assembly as simple though and perhaps it will fair better if you don't love in a coastal area.
Today I bought the second of this scooter. The first I had bought last summer and was great. It's seen a lot of use, and a fully grown adult has put it through its paces without issue.Tonight I bought another one, and it's going back to the store immediately. The problem with it is that the handlebar tube is jammed and very stiff. There's no way a child could adjust this, since I estimate I had to apply well over 100 lbs of force with my foot against the foot area while pulling very strongly against the handle bars to get even 10&#34; of extension. I'm unable to pull it out further. The handlebar is just hopelessly jammed into the tube, so back to the store it goes.Too bad, as the rest of it continues to seem fairly bulky and lots of shiny metal everywhere.
Item does what it advertises - cushions your rear from hard seats.  However, I've had mines about a month now, and it's already beginning to get "compacted" or flat.  It's no longer as soft as it originally was, and it now starts to get uncomfortable after about an hour or so.  But it's still not as bad as the seat without it.I use it on average twice a week for about 1.5 hours at a time.Also, unlike some of the other reviews here, thankfully it has not (as yet??) split and the gel start to leak out.  It also is a bit wider at the back than most bike seats, so it sometimes slides about and goes off center slightly, even if you tighten the drawstrings as much as you could.Bottom line - it'll give your rear end some comfort, but if I could do it again I'll probably try for a comfy seat instead first.
This is a seat pad meant to cover your existing bike seat to provide more comfort. I mistakenly ordered this thinking it was the Bell Gel Base Bicycle Relief Seat Cover which has an indenture in the center and the edges are raised. Doesn't matter as this one was half the price of the one I intended to buy and probably more comfortable after reading the reviews about the Relief seat cover. Both look the same on a computer screen so be careful and make sure you're buying the right seat cushion. Anyway, this adds a slight cushion if you already have a semi cushion in your standard bike seat, but could probably work wonders on a typical hard standard bike seat . The seat that originally came on my road bike is pretty big and this cover fits on tight (almost too small but it fits). This cover would probably work best on a narrow seat. And yes, like the other reviews have mentioned it does tend to slid a little and get off center. This could probably be fixed with a good sticky double sided tape. It doesn't bother me much and though it doesn't feel like sitting on a cloud, it adds a little bit of extra comfort.
I bought this item on June 1 to soften my experience on the hard seat of a Dahon Matrix.  It works well, and far better than another competitor's seat which failed to protect my tailbone.  The problem is, after only 3 rides (about 50 miles total) it has already begun to wear out.  The stickers and wording are already almost gone...[...]...and the edges of the seat are already wearing out.  For only $15, I was not expecting miracles.  But I was expecting it to last more then 3 weeks before showing significant wear.
I bought one of these at Wal-Mart, worked great for a year, comfortable, easy to install, etc., but then it was simply removed & stolen by a passerby. I can't think of a good way to 'lock' it on so I'm just going with a comfortable seat that can't be taken off so easily. Be warned.
I really do like this seat cover.  That is, I like sitting on it.  Everything else about it is kind of a hassle.PROS (Or "the pro," really, because there's only one): It's comfortable.  I wouldn't say it's like riding on air, but it does make my bike saddle about 50% more comfortable and my sit bones about 50% happier.CONS:1.  As other reviewers have noted, it tends to slip to the side, no matter how tight you pull the drawstring.  I eventually solved the problem by attaching it to my saddle with double-sided duct tape, but that solution only works if you want to leave your seat cover on all the time.2.  The seam frays and the fabric runs easily.  Mine started to pull apart along the seam after only a couple of uses.  I held it together for a while by painting the seam and the runs with clear fingernail polish, but after a few months the seam gave way anyway and I had to resort to duct tape.3.  When it gets wet, it takes hours to dry, and in the meantime, riding around on a wet seat is distinctly unpleasant.  Since my bike stays outside nearly all the time, I've started carrying a plastic grocery bag in my backpack and tying it over the seat whenever it looks the slightest bit like rain, but I've had a few wet rides all the same.So, bottom line (no pun intended): if you're looking for an easy, relatively cheap way to make your bike more comfortable, this seat pad will work, but you have to be prepared to put up with its flaws.  If you don't want the extra hassle, you'll probably be happier if you spend a little more and get a whole new bike saddle.
It is convenient and packs up well for car camping.  The stove gets very hot, and is great for boiling water.The stove does not do 'simmer' particularly well.  Be careful with anything that needs lower heat settings.  Using a cast iron pan or high quality aluminum or copper clad pan helps.  Attempting pancakes, eggs or a side dish requires very close attention.I would say that overall this is a good value, but there are better units available.It does have good wind resistance to it, which is a definite plus outside.
The price is just about right for this stove.  It works but seems a bit flimsy in its construction.  The flame doesn't have as much range of control as I was hoping for.  You start turning it down and the flame just extinguishes.  The side wings are part of what feels flimsy.  So call it three stars.  It works but nothing to get excited about.
I&#34;m sure hundreds, perhaps thousands of reviews have been written about this fine classic.  But I have one complaint:  The rigid tube connecting the propane tank to the stock places a lot of stress on the brass fitting at the stove.  I have looked but can not find a flexible hose which has the correct fittings for these small tanks.
thought this would be a nice addition to my gear. until now did all of my cooking over a fire. good product for the money. I wish i would have gotten a 3 burner but for what i do, this works pretty well. controls were easy to use, heat settings were adjustable. I am happy with it.
This is a good deal for the price.  But when it comes to tools and gym equipment, better quality is always best!  This is acceptable but not great!
Ok I am on the hunt for a good pair of gloves for a young child.  These gloves are almost too big and bulky.  They are like having pillows on your hands.  Now the problem w these youth gloves is that if u have a young child the main thing that you can do with them to give them any kind of training is to have them hit pads or hit the bag. This glove is too big and bulky for them and it is hard for them to want to make a proper fist and deliver a good punch.  You need a glove that is lighter weight and hast good wrist support and probably velcro closure and good wrist support.  This glove is hard to get on, not good wrist support, is too bulky, like a big pillow.  It is not bad quality but just bad design for young athletes that you want to get into training.  You basically want a smaller bag glove that can provide wrist support.  young kids shouldnt really be competing in a boxing match or sparring  but they can hit the bag & hit pads.  I wouldnt even want to spar w these gloves.  The kid cant even get the idea in their head to make a good punch w these.  It is like if u were an adult and had 28oz gloves on it would look weird.  My advice would be to skip out on these and get something else.  At the moment I do not have an alternative but I am looking into Title youth training gloves with velcro strap that may be better.
I also seem to have a problem with them being too small.  Using Everlast Evercool (a bit big but she will grow into them) instead.  Seem to be well made and inexpensive other than having a fit problem.  They should make them bigger with a lace up to make it easier to get them on/off and to avoid fit problems, in my opinion.
For the price it's an okay mat. It's not as firm as other mats we have and it wrinkles easily. For yoga, children, pilates, it's fine, but I'd want a firmer mat for gymnastics or MMA, etc.
If you are looking for a decent ball to use indoors this is a good, affordable choice. It feels great out of the package the "tack" on the ball responds well for shooters. I found that the ball rotation was better with this than a well worn basketball. Here are the grades:Weight: C- , could definitely have been heavierInflate Quality - B+ , Holds air wellFeel - B+, more tacky than other basketballs, but feels greatBounce - B, GoodOverall - B+Durability - C- , I would not use this ball outdoors. It does not have the right feel and I think it would fall apart after a few uses. Stick with indoor ball and its a good choice.Good quality ball for the indoors, recommended.
This is a good looking, swin google, but I think it is not easy to adjust,I bought the blue lenses and sometimes I couldn't see. I prefer to buy another from other mark. I don't not recommend it.
UPDATE:  Initially gave this 5 stars because of good function.  But after only 9 months, the rubber that seals the goggles against the eyes is cracking and brittle.  I din't expect them to last forever but less than a year is still disappointing.  They have been used fairly heavily I would say.  END OF UPDATE.  Sometimes I hesitate to buy something because it seems too cheap.  These aren't going to last forever but what they do well is keep water out of your eyes and they have flat lenses so your view isn't distorted like with some goggles.  We'll see how long they last.
I have an older one and I have to agree with the flaws cited by other reviewers.  The hard plastic wheels are slippery, make an annoying grinding sound, and they ride rough.  The handle is way too short.  I have to hunch over to hold it.  Other less significant problems: the foot rest is too narrow so my 1 year old just drags his feet (2 year old can peddle or push with his feet fine).  The best thing about it is the low seat height (1 year old can climb on easily, not so with Radio Flyer).  It's also not expensive like the otherwise much better-made Kettler.  Between this and the Radio Flyer, we're set until it's time for real bicycles.  Trikes do tip.  I think that's how boys get tough, no?  or at least more careful.
I bought my first Stanley thermos years ago. It was made in the U.S. and of great quality. I left it in Texas with my grandmother when I moved. I bought a new one up here. Made in China and you can tell. It's not as heavy as my old one. There is a visible weld seam in the China version on the inside. It does NOT stay hot or cold like it claims. My old one lasted about 18 hours in the winter with coffee. Still steaming. This one...about 10. Disappointed, but I knew better than to buy things made in China. Stanley, I thought you had a lifetime customer here, but you dropped the ball. For what I need, the thermos will work. For $30, I expected quality. Not impressed at all
...literally.  It has a petrochemical, oily smell that hasn't gone away after several days.  (I'll be sure to update this review if it ever does.)  As it is, we have to keep it in the garage and either use it outside or bring it in an jump away until the smell gets too overpowering.The other negatives are six legs that all seem to point in different directions and the lack of any workouts.  The leg thing makes the thing look very unstable.  It isn't (see below) but it sure looks that way.  The missing workouts isn't a big deal, especially since none were promised in the listing.  However, would it have been *that* hard to toss in a couple short lists of various activities that provide the "high intensity, low impact" workout which is promised on the box.On the plus side is easy assembly and solid construction.  It is easy to put together if you follow the instructions.  Unfortunately I ran into needless delays while I was putting it together.  I tried for about five minutes, on my own, to fit the ring together.  I finally got frustrated, read the two sentences that explained how, and had it done in under a minute.  Then I put the six legs on but couldn't fit the cushion around the frame.  After a few minutes I broke down and read the one sentence from the instructions that explained how the cushion should go on before the legs.  A few minutes later it was fully assembled.  I guess there's blame enough to go around.As for solid construction, it just is.  The ring and legs are heavy steel tubing and the mat is heavy PVC.  I expect this will last a very long time; far longer than the tramp's that rely on a bungee cord to provide the bounce.If only the smell would go away.
it only took two of us to get it together. The first time it was warped after we put it together so we took it apart and did it again. On the second try it was fine. Not sure what the issue was. Went together pretty easily....smells something fierce of gasoline which is annoying. It's really just the blue rubber/plastic/foam that goes around the edge that stinks. The entire room where the trampoline is smells of it....hopefully it will be gone in a few more days as it off gasses. Kids don't rebound as high as they did on their kids trampoline but that's okay.
This trampoline was really cheap by comparison so I'm not going to hold it to a high standard.  A great thing about it is how quiet it is compared to my old one due to it using nylon/elastic bands around the frame instead of springs.  This alone gives it at least three stars in my view.  Assembly wasn't too bad either.My main problem with it is the size.  It is advertised as being 38 inches and that is simply not the case.  The interior dimension of the surface on which you would jump is 31 1/2 inches in diameter.  Even the exterior dimension is less than 38 inches (not that it matters.  Who the heck really cares about the outer size when shopping for one of these?  Lame.Because it is so small I would hardly recommend it, but for the price if you are careful to remain centered then it is passable.
The 38" size is a good deal for the price and works okay.  I did manage to put it together all by my lonesome instead of the 3 people the directions say are needed.  But... The chemical odor from the blue stretch cover is AWFUL.  I am going to stick this thing outside to see if that helps air it out.  If not, the cover is coming off.  It is too strong to use right now and that is why the 3 stars.  Nothing made for living creatures should smell that horrible.  I refuse to use it further until the smell is gone.I'd love to hear if others have had this issue.
I won't describe the product in detail, discuss instructions, etc. as that has been covered extensively by other reviewers.PROS: (1) Low price. (2) Has the all basic functions needed by a beginner to intermediate biker to track their progress / measure their improvement.  (3) Reliable and consistent (at first) as long as the cyclometer is properly set up for you bike and is firmly seated into the mount.CONS: (1) Poor build quality and plastics, especially the mount, which means this cyclometer's measurements will become unreliable in the long run. (2) The mount is only suitable for the handlebar; if you want to attach the cyclometer to the stem, you have to look elsewhere (or make modifications to the mount).DETAIL: I've purchased 4 of these and/or their Bell twins, both wired and wireless models, and installed them on 4 bikes. After going thru cold winter riding season followed by hot summer rides (e.g, about a year), ALL of them started getting loose in the mount, causing unreliable readings as the cyclometer would lose then regain contact to the mount as the bicycle hit bumps in the road. Identical rides would be measured at 26.7 miles one day, 18.4 miles the next and 21.8 miles the third.  Average speeds would vary by 3-4 mph from day to day, when my watch showed that I was covering a fixed course at in the same amount of time. VERY frustrating.QUICK FIX: If you choose to buy this cyclometer and eventually start to experience reliability problems, try using a thin rubber band to hold the cyclometer firmly to the mount. After I did that the readings became reliable / consistent again and the cyclometer has yet to fall out of the mount, no matter how hard a bump I've hit.Safe biking!
I bought mine from a nearby Wal-Mart and it's worked perfectly so far.  Having never installed one before, I just took my time & had some extra zip ties ready...just in case.  The only tool you'll need is something to trim the ends off the zip ties when you're done.  I like the "scan" mode which flips thru max speed, avg. speed, distance, total time, etc.  On the down side, I bought another for my son's bike.  It either had a bad sensor or a broken wire from the sensor to the unit.  It never did work.  I took it back for a refund.  For $10 - what do you expect?  You may get one that works fine - you may not.
If you want to keep it more than a week, wrap a few wraps of electrical tape around it tightly, to prevent the locking tab from disengaging. Make sure nothing jerks on the cords coming out of the computer base. That happened to me, and I'm stingy enough I re-soldered the (shortened) wires, and it still works reliably, but it was a PITA. The magnet has a tab on it that looks like it's made for bladed spokes. It works for that, but it also works to pinch 2 spokes together where they cross, so the magnet does not rotate. If you can angle the sensor forward of the fork blade, close enough to read there, it works reliably in that position and the magnet stays put even better. (small spokes let it rotate sometimes if just put on 1 spoke.)I have a half dozen of these on different bikes, and found some small Chinese Neodymium magnet discs (look like button batteries) that fit in the magnet holders. Holy cow, the stronger magnets make readout faster and sensor position less critical. $5 worth did several computers' magnets upgrades.
I had wanted one of these for yrs, but was very disappointed that when you are burning a tea light candle all the wax runs out the hole underneath!  I'm not sure how to fix the problem!
probably a good stove but i had to return because i ordered a discounted used one and it was missing parts i will order again
Its a little tinny. But it will do the job nicely. Too bad that manufacturers can't make things like they once did.
This fine point seems scratchy, it may just be the one I got, but this one doesn't flow like the standard medium point.
It is an OK lantern that provides light at night. I did not try it out using unleaded gasoline, so I am going to assume it works OK using it (We used Coleman Fuel for it.) It is not too heavy to carry around, although it is way too heavy to hang on their very own Coleman Packaway Deluxe Camp Kitchen as the pole sways way too much. It was easy to setup and the included mantles worked great.The big issue on the one I received was that the adjustment knob was too sensitive to adjust the intensity to anything other than Off, Low, or High. There was no way to adjust it anywhere in between.
I bought this trailer for a trip up north. My husband filled the tires at home to the correct psi. Drove it around the driveway and everything worked great. We get to our destination and go to hook it up and the tubes are BLOWN. Actually shredded looking in spots. We were way up north and spent over an hour in the car to find a town big enough that had a store that sold bike supplies. Once both tubes were replaced the trailer worked great. Very easy to put together. I couldn't figure out how to attach it to the bike but that isn't my area. My husband had it attached in less then 2 minutes. The rubber on the original tube was very thin, I'm surprised more haven't blown.
Well, when I first got it I thought I could just run to the gym once the battery was activated. Not so, I had to read and read some more once I found I couldn't just mess with a few buttons. I had to calculate my strides and weight in the machine. I like the durable plastic and I don't think it will break that easy as I dropped it a few times to see. But the case is a little hard to open and you must close it in order for it to work. I think it is nice once you figure out how to operate it. The accuracy is decent. I walked 50 and it recorded 63 steps but there's a sensitivity switch you can play with to adjust the accuracy. I will play with that once I go to the gym. Keep in your purse or glove compartment of the car as it may motivate or aggrivate you. I also like the time feature but you can/t use it if the case must be closed while walking. Overall a little complicated if you just want something to count steps or miles IMO. I did want something a little simpler for life.
For just counting steps while walking, this is a decent product. However, it is not totally accurate if you go running. Also, car rides can sometimes increase your step count is the road is a bit too bumpy.The setting for measuring distance is not accurate at all, but I don't really mind.The belt clip is sturdy. I haven't had any problems with it breaking or the pedometer falling off.Also, this pedometer is definitely purple. I'm not sure why they labeled it as "blue" when it is without a doubt purple.
It's a whistle.  It's supposed to be good.  It was affordable.  I hope I'll never have to use it, but now at least I know I have the option.  Which is exactly why you need one, too.
This toy can give you a workout chasing it around. It flies so far you will spend most of your time going out and getting it. It is fragile in the wind and will be carried away by it. Not the best on the beach. Takes some practice getting the right throw. Tends to get a little wild. Also beware of trees. I got this think stuck in a tree three times and had to get creative to get it down.
I bought this knife several months ago and I use it for cutting open taped boxes mostly. It still deploys great, but the deployed and locked blade has a slight bit of right to left wobble. I didn't expect this for the price point considering it has not been abused.
if your gonna get a knife go kershaw the lock mechinism is really stuff and hard to get used to . also the safty on the knife i think is a bit wierd too.
I got it at wally for $40.00 so the price was ok (discounted). I like the blade design, it was sharp out of the package, but with a few passes with the lansky turn box and now its really sharp. The nylon sheath its ok dont have a problem with it. The balance is good but the handle its small, if it was a little bigger and more rubber like for better grip it would be better. I would have given it more stars if it wasn't for the handle, it is still a very good knife from a known brand. I will recommend it if the price is $40 or less and for  someone with smaller hands.Pros:sizeblade designCons:handleprice
At 40 bucks this is a good knife I sure would not pay full price for this though.  I am a little disappointed in the handle working and sweating or working in a damp area and this handle gets a bit slick not a good thing.  I have given it some abuse and it has held up well it will chip and nick but a little elbow grease gets the blade sharp again.  Of note my go to knife is the similarly priced KA-BAR.
From my experience with this knife I wouldn't want it for civilian survival/outdoor use. I received the newer version with the thankfully shorter finger choil and steel upgrade (AUS-8 instead of AUS-6). While I don't mind AUS-8 at this price point I will say I don't like it in this knife. The first time I used it the blade chipped in multiple places just from hacking off light kindling. Therefore, I would never "hard use" this knife. The clip point blade is ideal for thrusting soft materials but the very tip of mine has already broken off somehow which I am going to blame on the steel and thin tip thickness because I really haven't abused this knife. Maybe it was a bad batch of steel or maybe it was poor treatment of it by SOG. The serrations are decent for cutting rope and chord and there is enough belly that there is still a lot of plain edge to work with. The finish also comes of pretty easily which is bad because this steel rusts if not cared for (ie. used in a survival scenario). The handle is well textured on the sides and shaped for medium to large sized hands. The recess for your thumb on the spine is awkward because of the flared guard and really needs to be jimped to work well in my opinion. The steel also looses its edge pretty quickly so I wouldn't use it for hunting and skinning but it is easy to sharpen. I got the nylon sheath and it is not of the highest quality on terms of stitching and I would recommend getting the Kydex version.
I just received two of these knives and am extremely disappointed.Sitting here on my desk are the two new knives and another Victorinox SAK that I've owned for at least 25 years. I find it hard to believe that these were both made in Switzerland by the same company.Looking at the older knife (which has seen a lot of use) the liner edges (liners are the metal pieces that fit inside the scales on either side of the blades) are flawless, except for a few scratches that I've put on them.Looking at the new knives, both show poorly finished edges on the liners. Frankly, I've seen five dollar knives from China finished better than these. My old SAK shows finishing comparable to Case. I work for a Swiss-owned company and am very familiar with the Swiss obsession for perfection and Victorinox should be ashamed.Frankly, if it wasn't that the rest of the knives look fine, I'd be wondering if these were the real thing. One of the knives was intended as a gift, but I'd be embarrassed to present it to anyone.In addition to giving the dealer (who I have contacted) the benefit of the doubt, I'm giving these knives only one star based on the poor finishing.Edited: The dealer has agreed to replace both knives. Based upon the condition of the replacements, I may be changing this review accordingly.Edited 10-4-11. The dealer did replace both knives and even sent me the replacements before I returned the originals. Hard to beat that kind of service. I had not mentioned the name of the dealer originally as I wanted to give them a chance to make things right, and they did. The dealer was Swiss Knife Shop and their service is as good as it gets.However, I still don't think that Victorinox products are as good as they used to be. The replacement knives were a lot better than the originals, but still don't compare to my older SAKs. Maybe I'm being overly harsh as, after all, this is a $15 knife and I've gotten used to more expensive products. I've upgraded the review to three stars based on the better examples of the product, but I'd give the dealer 5 stars if that were possible.
The lid is hard for the kids to take off, hard for them to close without leaks, and easy to lose.The bottles are a bit of a pain to clean.  I wish they were dishwasher safe or even just had a larger opening.The opening is also too small to load with ice.The bottles dent and the coating chips.All that said I haven't found a better option that is small enough to fit in the kid's lunch bags.
Maybe my expectations were too high, but I've had these for about five years now, although they have been used infrequently.  My assessment.Battery access is downright painful.  From a comment I read, the newer models may have a pry slot on the side for removing the ear pads for battery change.  Mine don't, but I'm considering carving one out.Noise reduction is not that great.  Get next to someone shooting a magnum pistol at the range, and you will feel pain.  I've finally gone to Tom Gresham's method of wearing both foam earplugs and these.  In combination the noise reduction is very good, and with the built-in amplifier, you can still hear conversation and range announcements.The good.  Nice OD color.  The headband fits over a baseball cap and shooting glasses.  Folded for storage, they are very compact.Wish list.  It would be great if they came with built-in Lithium Ion batteries and charger connector.  The battery removal problem would go away, and Lithium Ion batteries don't have the problem of a high self-discharge rate in storage.All things considered, I cannot recommend these even at the excellent amazon.com price (which is way less than I paid elsewhere several years ago.)Added.  Yes, I know the pro models from Peltor are from two to three times the price of these, and if those are my only other choices, then this model does make sense.  I am not in the market for $170 earmuffs, regardless of their features!  Other mfrs may have better budget earmuffs, though.  I see some as cheap as $25.
I've owned a few sets of the Peltor 6S for the last 18 months or so. I bought them in early 2013 during a great sale, and scored three sets for $110 (total) shipped. 3M Peltor is arguably the most recognizeable name in Ear Pro, so I was confident that these things would fit the bill, instead of opting for Leight's or far more expensive alternatives.Sadly, they're barely worth the $37 I paid for them. Yes, they work satisfactorily at isolating gunfire noise and certainly keep your ears safe. That's about where the performance ends. I have other sets, including cheaper ones, that perform every bit as well at isolating the unwanted sounds. The difference comes in the sounds you actually WANT to hear. All three sets of the Peltor 6S' that I have perform identically, so I'm satisfied that my sample is reasonably representative of the whole. With the Peltor's, ambient sounds, including voices, etc, are dull and much of the surrounding noise isn't discernible at all -- even when turned ALL the way up. With virtually all of my other sets, including the Howard Leight sets, I can hear MUCH better than with the naked ear. All ambient noises are amplified while completely tuning out loud / harmful noises. This is great when you're out in the woods, or on a range where you need to hear the Marshall's instructions. In the woods, I can hear squirrels munching on nuts or crawling around in the trees, and even field mice under ground cover. None of these sounds are heard when using the Peltors.The battery design was conceived by Rube Goldberg himself. I mean, seriously 3M -- why?! The plastic construction feels very cheap, and the posts that connect the headgear to the muffs seem to scream &#34;break me!&#34; I don't mind plastic / &#34;polymer&#34; at all, and many things made from plastic materials are very robust and nearly indestructible, however these Peltors don't inspire confidence in their potential durability. The muffs / cups themselves also feel very cheaply made, but they do make a seal sufficient enough to block harmful noise.So, in a nutshell, these muffs &#34;work&#34;, but they're barely satisfactory. I have a $20 set of cheap Caldwell's that run circles around these Peltors, and the Howard Leights are in another universe by comparison, for a small premium over the 3Ms.My personal recommendation is, in this price range, go with something else, or step up to more expensive Ear Pro. I have a set of 3M ComTac III's and they're insanely good -- perhaps the best-ever -- but at $600 you'd expect them to be.
I wish someone would have posted this earlier as I bought two of these for use at an indoor range........I sent an email to 3M, after my purchase, and got this response:"We do recommend you use a soft roll down earplugs with these when using in an indoor range.  If you have any further questions please give our office a call at 800-665-2942.Sincerely,Sharon"I do not know if I can return these with out penalty.  Buyers beware, good for outdoors.
I found that these were really useful when used in a quiet environment with loud sounds that come periodically, like a gun range. When worn with ear plugs, they amplify speech so you can hear conversations in between shots or bangs.However, when used in an area with high ambient noise (engine room, construction site), they function about the same as regular earmuffs because the amplified audio cannot be heard over the ambient noise.Pros: Works well for the rangeCons: Doesn't work well for areas with high levels of ambient noiseOverall: 3/5 starsI recommend using rechargeable batteries.
Meh...I bought these when a &#34;friend&#34; said they were better than the Howard Leights.  They're not.They do the same job, but complicate the issue.  Instead of one battery compartment (like the HL's), there are two, one in each ear.Rather than a single volume control, you now have one for each ear.  Great if you're a geriatric with varied hearing capacities in either ear, but just a nuisance when you want them both on the same volume anyways.Changing the batteries is a PITA!  Just a really disappointing design, to be honest.  I'd recommend the HL's over these 100% of the time.  Same price and better design.
As others note, battery insertion is pretty hard and takes enough force that the plastic must be close to breaking.  My first set of these worked for an hour and then one earpiece stopped amplifying and instead it started buzzing and whining.  Amazon quickly replaced them (good job Amazon) and the new set has worked so far.  And I didn't break them putting in the batteries, but maybe next time?  Anyway, low profile, good at blocking sound, and the audio gain is sufficient to help with hearing people talk.
There is no power indicating light so you don't eat batteries. There is no battery door. You have to snap BOTH of the clamshells apart with your fingernails to get into them. Then they take a AAA battery instead of a AA (more common).I absolutely would not waste your money. They work but GOOD LORD....coulf you make them more unfriendly to use?There are other brands that are much better for less money.
1) To replace the batteries in them, get ready for a battle.  DUMB way to do it.  Just dumb.  Have to pull off or pry off the soft rubber circle, with hard insert the rubber circle attaches to, which NORMALLY means you will rip or tear the soft, rubber circle....2)  Turns on accidentally WAY too easy when folding them up, or throwing them around, thus dead batteries, thus having to replace them MUCH more often then you should have, thus, enduring #1 too frequently.
The fit and function is OK but the electronics are open to moisture if you sweat.
This `easy-to-read' compass is perfect for map and compass orienteering.  It has a tool free adjustable declination for easy navigating and gives you graduations in degrees.  The scale is in both inches and millimeters and the clear plastic makes for easy use on any map.  Unfortunately, there is no site-mirror, which makes for a more accurate reading.  It's small size and price (under $10!) makes for a simple, efficient compass when backpacking or hiking.  It's a good beginner compass, but remember that you get what you pay for. For a little more money you can get a nice "Lensatic" military compass with a sighting-arm.
The airzooka is a neat idea: a wastebasket-sized cylinder with a strong bag inside held taught by a heavy rubber band. Pull the bag back, and it snaps forward quickly, making an invisible 'puff' of air that can easily travel 15 feet.It's a cool effect, and a lot of fun. You can actually knock down very light things from across the room, blow a person's air, and make a strong enough breeze for them that they blink in surprise.On the down side, it takes some real muscle to put this thing together so it doesn't collapse after use: it has three different rings mounted inside each other you need to snap into place. And, it looks like a trash can with a plastic bag, inviting abuse. My son played with it by shoving things into it, pulling part of the bag off the rim, thus breaking it.Pro:+ Interesting idea, works great as long as you can get it put together right+ Fun and harmlessCon:- Hard to assemble correctly. Definitely takes an adult, preferably a strong one.- Not durable. I've had two of these, both broke by the bag coming unstuck from the rim, keeping it from moving as much air.- Bulky. Takes up a lot of space wherever you store it.It's OK to buy one of these if you're an adult I'd say, but if it's for a kid, expect it not to last too long.
Its exactly what it looks like, an air gun that makes a great gift for my nephews...  Will blow out a candle at 10 feet, knock over a cup at 5.
If you don't fill this case up with a lot of weight, it's fine.If you have a lot of heavy gear inside, the single handle and lack of wheels makes it very uncomfortable to carry for any distance. It feels like it's going to stretch my arm out.Replaced it with aSKB Small Rolling Powered Mixer case with wheels and Handle. It's not as weatherproof, but has more interior room, an exterior pocket for cables, wheels and an extendable handle.
I bought this with the expectation that it would be better to manually sharpen my kitchen and folding knives, rather than use ceramic V shaped easy sharpeners.  This product is only 4 inches long, so, while you can sharpen kitchen knives, you'll have to pull the knives across it too much, and this is not it's best purpose.  I think this is best served for hunting knives with softer steel; and for those who take extended hunting and camping trips.  A solid portable sharpener.I tried to sharpen my Ontario RAT 1 folder with this sharpener.  My blade is made of AUS 8 (mid grade steel); the blade had lost some edge after cutting and breaking down a very big, and thick card board box.  The fine side of this stone really didn't do much to the blade (after hundreds of strokes with varying pressure; also cleaned the sharpener too).  However, the coarse side did the best with about 20 strokes per side.  I like my knives to shave arm hair (easily); I cannot achieve ARM shave sharp easily with this sharpener (not with an AUS 8 blade).  My RAT 1 will shave a little bit, but the edge feels a bit burred.  The fine side is a little bit too fine (if you ask me).  Or, perhaps, the coarse, is just a little bit too coarse.  Also, this sharpener will scratch up your blades in a hurry.  Don't use this thing on your nice folders; I recommend a Lansky Crock sticks 4 turn, or Spyderco sharpmaker for nice knives.Those sharpeners will sharpen at the perfect angles, and it's hard to scratch up your blades when the angle is already set for you.On the good, this sharpener leaves a very usable edge with use of the coarse side; for most of your utility and hunting knife purposes.  If your an edge geek like me, I think there are better offerings out there (Croc Sticks, or Spyderco Edgmaker).  However, this little sharpener is more portable than those; less expensive too. so, it's best for secondary use (my opinion).
This combo stone is a bit of an odd bird, you ask me.  It's relatively small and compact, yet it's heavy.Yes, you can sharpen at home on an item this size, but for that a larger stone would be handier.Yes, you can carry to the field with you, however you'd like something lighter for that.So what's it for?  Where space is limited but weight is not, as in a truck, boat or tiny apartment, I suppose.When I did use it to, for example sharpen a scraper, it was quite slow although the metal was soft. That's partially due to the relatively small surface area and partially due to losing the initial sharpness from losing the diamond tips.  (I think?) what happens is that some of the diamond tips fracture off at initial use.  The stone then remains at a secondary sort of abrasiveness that is fine for sharpening, although not at the initial level.I don't have a problem with this stone, I just think it's limited in scope.  I bought it to take hiking with me and it's too heavy for that.I wouldn't recommend against this stone, but I wouldn't buy it again.
It's not very easy to use.  seems like the guards on the stones get in the way of sharpening the knife.
Like stated above, It is okay for average size knives, but I have a little trouble with 6" or over blade lengths. A couple strokes on the coarse side gets the edge started nicely, and then finish up the fine side gets  my knives hair shaving sharp.
Scope fogs up more than I would have expected.  Wanted a smaller scope for faster handling.  Wish now would have went with a more expensive fog proof model.
This review is for the Bushnell Banner 3-9x40x Multi-X rifle scope with 3.3 inches of eye relief.  This optic is best suited for casual target shooting and medium-large game inside 250 yards. The low magnification and 40mm objective lens makes it an appropriate choice for shooting at a moving target if need be.  The zoom dial is smooth as is the eye focus piece. I found found the 3.3 inches of eye relief to be sufficient for the 30 caliber military rifle I mounted it to. But, if you do manage to get "kissed" by the eye piece it is coated with a rubber ring.Tracking: 90% consistent and reliable. Clicks are tactile and audible.Durability: Fired 160 rounds of 30 caliber ammunition with no shift in zero or any issues.Waterproof and Fog proof: Unable to comment.Clarity: On a scale of usable, terrible, average, above average, excellent and exceptional it rates average. Make no mistake, this scope is not equipped with the highest quality glass on the market.Parallax adjustment: None. There is a noticeable amount of parallax present in this optic. Attention must be paid to where the shooter places his/her head on the stock of the rifle for consistency to be achieved.In short this seems to be a great bang for your buck product; it is simple and gets the job done. I would recommend this product mostly to deer hunters and weekend target shooters.
main problem with product ! one of the rings wouldn't tighten and scope moved on the dovetail . took rings off and tried to fix, had to pitch and replaced with utg  dovetail rings fiixed problem .  should have bought scope less junk rings and installed utg rings.  paid for rings on 22 rimfire scope that i pitched
I purchased this scope for my Ruger 10-22. The scope is great, however the scope rings are really cheap China crap. The rings wouldnt even fit on the scope mount kit. Luckily I had extra rings. Only gets 3 stars because of crappy scope rings that are included.
not as good as the world class of the late 80's and 90's was, but it's a fairly good scope, but there is some distortion at 6x-9x, but usable.  If you can get better, the Bushnell Trophy series was much clearer
it's only 20 bucks, and it works ok for ballpark estimates.  I wish it had a longer range on it.  Still for something you don't have to worry about, I don't think it was a waste.
Its nice to have but these days you can download an App that will do the same thing but more accurate. I have this in case I am out of cell phone range.
This is the first resistance band I have.  I admit I am a little disappointed with what I got but it is not the manufacturer's fault.  I like dumbbells better than resistance bands.  But Resistance bands make working out possible anywhere.  Good concept!  I ordered a heavier one right after I received my order.I do not know what makes a good resistance band good, a bad resistance band bad.  They just don't work the same as weights.  The most expensive resistance band will still work weird because they are resistance bands.  They are not my ideal strength training tool, but hey!  It is better than nothing.Just one advice, the medium is still too light.  Go straight to the heavy weight.
Get the ones with removable bands.  You aint gonna use this one for long.
I bought this to use as the next resistance level up while performing Power 90.  The band offers the same or less resistance than the supplied Power 90 band
I bought and installed two sets.  Of the eight caps, one has already cracked within a week.  Looks like the crack started at the plastic injection point of the cap on the side.  Disappointing for a cap that costs $2 a piece.  Never had this problem in the past with a brand new caps.
Was going to install a Yakama rack to my car, and instead of buying it as a compete kit ($1400 out of the box), I searched the Interwebs and found the items piecemeal ($375), so I thought I needed these plugs.  Turns out I didn't need them as they already came with the &#34;Yakima Round Bars Roof Rack Cross Bars (58-inches)&#34; which I had ordered here on Amazon.So, for quality, can't really tell ya.  They are a rubber end cap--they aren't going to rock anyone's world (I hope).
The original all broke with very little use. So I replace them with the same. What else could I do? I'm not expecting them to be improved but I want to keep the cross bars dry inside.
The item was delivered on time and in good condition,. this was a birthday gift for someone so I can not make a review on how it feels or how it's going to last at this time. I will check with the person that I gave it to at a later date to see how they like it and it's feel, fit and last.
I ordered these because the photo shows the green tipped matches.  These are the red tipped ones, the same ones that can be ordered elsewhere for cheaper.  I have not tried these so can't tell you if they are waterproof.  I went to Wallyworld and purchased some water proof matches.  That package specifically says waterproof matches AND box.  These do not.
OK my math is rusty BUT the picture says 12 PACK, meaning 12 boxes.  4 boxes arrived.  is this the new math I have heard so much about?
I bought two of these for two different size griddles I bought. The griddles are so heavy and have edges that will wear through this canvas material in no time at all if you have items stacked on top or below the griddles. The bag handles are strong enough to support the weight of the griddle though so just be careful if you have objects stacked on the griddle that wil rub on the canvas
Should have read the description better.  Not for SG90 Grill even though Amazon pushes it as a package for the Camp Chef 3x.  My bad.  Now it will go in my secret Santa gift bag, not worth shipping back..  Not a bad product based on build and quality.  get it but make sure it IS what you need....
I have not yet opened it, but am hoping that it will fit and do its job.  Should be a better alternative than leaving the grills/burners in the cardboard box they came in.
Sounded like a good idea when I purchased our Camp Stove.It would come in handy if carrying in a car.The grill cover is more practical as I leave the legs on it at all times.I bungee the stove into the back of my pickup for camping trips .
It makes carrying the grill much easier.  However, it is plastic so it wears easily and can melt.  It is not waterproof.I would buy again but would make something to keep legs and edge of grill from making small contact points which wear.  I'd rather find or make a heavy canvas bag then add some waterproofing to it.
I've read reviews about this carry bag also functioning as a cover, which it does quite well. I've also read that the material isn't very durable and I agree. However, I don't go camping more than 3 times per year, so I won't have to worry too much about it getting worn out.
The glue on the padding wore off in a few months.It's really annoying to have to re-glue the padding back on.Other than that, this product works fine.
I would say if you are new to fitness these are great.  If not than don't buy these.  They will just sit in your basement.
Weight tree has a nice thick textured paint job. If the bolt to the rod is too tight the washer inside breaks loose. It may have been pressed inside, or welded, need to look. With the washer loose the rod pulls right out, the bolt does nothing to hold it in.
One of the 4 screws was stripped upon arrival.  Fortunately the rack is close enough to the ground that this doesn't make much of a difference, but it is a testament to the quality of the item.  You get what you pay for.
This is a pretty good piece for a budget home gym.I recently moved out into the country, so I can no longer go to the gym every day.  As such, I had to work on my home gyme.Since I already spent a ton of money on weights and my bench, I decided to save a bit of money and purchase this bad boy.Here's the thing, it is what it is.  First off, it came with shoddy welding.  So I have to call in and get a replacement part.  I left a message with their customer support (which was offline during their alleged business hours), and they never got back to me.  I still have yet to get in contact with them.So, in the mean time I am using the stand without one of the legs.  Storage-wise, it is mediocre.  My girlfriend made me get vinyl weights due to chemicals, or some blather.  And each run stores three weights.  That is a bit annoying since I have 4 of each size.  Thus I still have to leave 2 plates of 2 separate sizes on the ground.On the plus, it is small and can be placed in your workout nook without much shifting.  And, of course, it is affordable.Note that I use this for DUMBBELL weights.  If you are trying to use a barbell, avoid this rack.  It will not fit your weights.  The distance between bars is not adequate enough.In conclusion, for dumbbell weights, it is a usable budget rack.  But be careful about what you actually need as to what this will provide.
The motion of this machine takes a bit of getting used to, and I did not feel that it was quite as effective as a normal elliptical.  It's definitely better than sitting around on the couch though.  It's also a relatively inexpensive machine, and quiet enough for my third story apartment.  My neighbors can't even tell I have it.I like to use it while I'm watching television.I've found though that the machine itself is poorly constructed.  Some of the pieces cracked or did not quite fit together.  The monitor stuff never worked.  However, for the price, I'm not going to complain too much.
I did read reviews carefully, and noted that several people thought it really wasn't any exercise at all, but I also watched some videos online where people seemed to be working up a sweat on it.  Since I am woefully out of shape and somewhat overweight (5'8&#34;, 195 pounds, size 14, 53 years old), I thought it'd be exercise for me, if only non-intense.  A knee injury plus plantar fasciitis makes any kind of moderate to high impact impossible and painful for me.Well, it was DEFINITELY &#34;no impact,&#34; and that was a major plus.  Gentle swinging was better for me than the elliptical at the gym, too.  But I watched an entire episode of Dexter while using this thing (moderately, not slowly) and didn't break a sweat.  I checked - my heart rate was up (I didn't bother attaching the computer after reading reviews), but not extensively (and who knows, maybe it was up because I had just spent an hour watching Dex hack people up).  What I HAVE noticed, today, though, is that my arms (biceps, triceps) are sore.  While using the GE last night, I kept changing things up, just because just &#34;skiing&#34; would get a little tedious.  I'd lean forward, which then required pushing me back, and I'd lean backwards, which required me pulling myself back, and sometimes I'd keep both feet parallel and just push myself back and forth with my arms.  This is a good thing, since I'm a pathetic weakling, and I'm getting a good upper arm workout.  Arguable, I'm not doing the very wide scissoring I saw in some of the workout videos, and I wasn't going at a super-fast clip, so I expect I need to put more into the workout to get more out of it, from an aerobic point of view.  Based on some consumer recommendations (thanks, guys!) I ordered some ankle and wrist weights.  After an hour, my feet were uncomfortable (might be shoes, but I wear good ones), but that might because I was functionally standing still on a hard surface for an hour... half-hour stints would be completely manageable.It was not particularly difficult to assemble by myself (took 1 hour 15 minutes), although there were a couple of awkward wrangling moments where a second person would have been helpful.  I couldn't quite get the top bar ends completely pushed to the middle central piece, but almost.  Those screws were also very difficult to seat (ie, find the threads) and a substantial amount of unladylike invective was required.  When I was done, I had a bit of a &#34;restaurant table wobble&#34; to it, but I shimmed it and it was OK.  Periodically it squeaked or clicked or made some other rhythmic noise... not loud, but annoying enough when watching TV.  It was also surprisingly heavy (to me) when I picked it up to move it to another room.  So...PROS:Zero impactVery good for armsEasy enough to use and watch TV or a movie at the same timeBetter than sitting on your butt (seriously, I use it more than other exercise equipment)Not that hard to buildCONS:Not really &#34;exercise&#34; (or at least aerobic), even for a deconditioned, overweight personA little wobbly and unstable at &#34;high speeds&#34; (might be a consequence of my construction skills)Somewhat noisy at times (not loud, just annoying)HeavyIf I had tried it in a store first, I think I still would have bought it, and assumed that using it for a longer period of time was a &#34;workout.&#34;  I don't regret the purchase, I anticipate using it regularly.  BUT, if you're looking for a &#34;real workout&#34; and are conditioned and fit, I doubt this is something that would work for you.Good luck!
The good:This exercise machine was cheap, and it folds up easily so that it fits along the edge of a closet. It's the poor man's elliptical. The motion is smooth and nothing has broken.The bad:It's just hard to get much exercise with this thing. There is no resistance. Really, none. And I thought that would be okay, because I'd use it for light exercise while watching TV or reading--similar to walking.But I find myself rarely using it, and when I do, not for more than 10-15 minutes. Why? Because it makes noise. I have tried various modifications, lubrication, duct tape, etc, to make the darn thing shut up, but within half an hour of using it, the squeaking and vibrating always comes back. It's not all that loud but it annoys the bejeezus out of me.Even times when I don't care so much about the noise, it's not fun to keep at it for hours. The leg-swing motions may not take more energy than walking, but they're less comfortable.The &#34;computer&#34; on the crossbar is fairly useless.The best strategy is to make the hand and leg motions work against each other to create some resistance, but you can't go very fast without starting to get wobbly.
First, do not buy this if you're really expecting an elliptical machine--especially the type you'd find at a gym--but don't want to pay for one. This is NOT an elliptical, nor does it claim to be. It's a very simple machine.Second, if you're expecting to get on a machine, hit a button, and be forced to challenge yourself (because the treadmill is going fast or the elliptical resistance is on high), think carefully before buying the Edge. You ARE the resistance here--it's very possible to take a leisurely stroll the entire time and not break a sweat. That's why many reviewers complain that they didn't even get a cardio workout. They're right--this is not a machine that will demand you sweat because if you don't, you will fall off the treadmill or not be able to push the pedals. If you don't push yourself--lean back, lean forward to put weight on your arms, go at a fast pace even though nothing in the machine is making you--then it's true, you won't even break a sweat on this thing if you go at it for 40+ minutes.What this machine is good for is the person who wants to be able to exercise in their home. Maybe you can't afford a decent elliptical and don't want to bother with a cheap one that has bad reviews. If you're just looking to get your heart rate a little elevated and just get some motion into your life while you watch TV, then this is ideal. If you're a fitness fanatic and want to burn mega calories, this is NOT for you--unless you're willing to go super fast and do hardcore leaning to get some resistance. Even then, though, it is not comfortable for long workouts--your feet slide on the pedals, so your toes get squished against the front bumper.So basically, know what you want and then decide. I'm in my 20s and am relatively active, and this was a good stand-in until I could afford a &#34;real&#34; elliptical. It enabled me to at least be moving while I watched TV, and I did break a sweat and get a good workout in when I pushed myself. The problem is that you can't mindlessly get a good workout on this thing--you have to very consciously MAKE your body work. But it's a great price, super easy together, and folds easily out of sight.If you're new to exercise or simply don't have the space or money for a true elliptical, this could be a good starter machine for you. See if you use it and if you do, maybe you can graduate to an actual elliptical down the road. Just don't buy this expecting a full-blast cardio workout while you check out and watch TV...you will have to bring some intention to get a good workout on this thing.CONS:- squeaks (tried WD-40, didn't help)- the right side of mine seemed tighter, like it didn't get the same range of motion as the left foot.- the little plastic things where the pedal meets the cable can knock against other plastic, making a little knocking noise- your feet slide on the pedals, so your toes eventually get rammed against the front of the pedal...or slip backward- no resistance, so you really must push yourself if you want to break a sweatPROS:- easy to install- folds flat, could easily stash it when people come over- small footprint--although leave room for the long stride length/range of motion!- cheap, easy way to get yourself moving instead of sitting on the couch
You get what you pay for as the cheapest weights you can find you can bet they are cheap as hell shipping is nothing more then a over sized box with paper in it. so yeah box will be destroyed. when i got it the ups man was shocked at how it was shipped. the weights inside show damage from being dropped and thrown around in a over sized box. they work though but huge defects in both weights. I have older cap dumbbells but they are still in good shape. I gambled and lost. haha what can i say huge chunks of other weights are moved around like a junky job of putting them together. the rejected weights this site sells to you i guess. but again your save 20-40$ a pair so that's a plus for little thinks like that.
I got what I paid for. Cheap dumbbells  that are 100 lbs. They looked like they have been thrown around already. The dumbbells are scuffed up and have a couple of nice dents in them. I seriously doubt I will buy anything from cap ever again.
They are ok.  Questionable painting and finish on these.  Like the other reviewers indicated.... the paint and finish is pretty bad.  They work fine.  Delivery was good - dunno how Amazon does it for free with this weight. Bought 3 different weights - some were ok some bad finish, one set had been dried on cardboard that was still stuck on the weight.
I have the complete set from 5-20lbs but one of them broke in half. I had it on the bench and when I stood up I bumped the bench with my leg and the barbell fell and broke when it landed on my tile floor. Nothing happened to my floor, but the handle broke completely off about one inch from the end and turned it into two paper weights. So I bought this single barbell to replace the broken one. I am not sure what these things are made of, but I will make sure to be gentle with them and maybe buy some puzzle mats. Photo posted.
has held up well with my german shepherd. it doesn't float like advertised and flys about as well as the plastic top of a large coffee can. but not bad for the money. we bought two and they are still flying aroung the yard. they are soft too, so my dog pick it up when it lands flat on the street.........btw there are no cars on my street, mr. PETA
Too expensive for what they are, but they work as intended.  They should be included with the racks but it is what it is.  the price is the only reason I'm rating them at a 3.  They are good locks and mechanically they would be a 5 star.
Work as expected. Haven't used them but a handful of times but have worked fine so far.  Easy to install.
Don't expect these locks to make your bike or rack safe and secure from thieves.  There's nothing wrong with the locks per se but the way the system works on my bike rack I can easily just turn the plastic nut past the lock's tab with just hand strength.  While it may stop a quick snatch and run thief anyone that actually looks at how it's locked could easily just rip though the weak plastic and get your goods.  I wound up installing a large 12' cable with a padlock through the entire ensemble when taking long trips where I don't want to have to keep my car and bikes in visual sight at all times.
I suppose for the price these are good shorts but the problem I have with them is the seam for the chamois. It's just a normal seam with the threading exposed which can rub you the wrong way if not careful. I tend to do 10-20+ mile rides. If you're just cruising a few miles around town, these should work fine. But if you're doing distance, look elsewhere. I also have a pair of pearl izumi shorts which are expensive, but the stitching is hidden under the chamois instead of these shorts which have it going around the perimeter.
The photo shows a 45 pound plate, so the hole looks relatively small.  The 2.5 lb plate is 1/2&#34; thick, with a 2&#34; dia hole, and about 6.3&#34; in diameter overall.  I ordered four, and the small box Amazon sent them in was almost destroyed.  The two five-pound plates I ordered fared better, coming in a larger box with some other items. If the other items could be easily damaged, I would be wary of including them unless better protected. Or it might be that Amazon judged the items to be not so fragile or they would have packed more carefully. Anyway, for &#34;sandbagging&#34; stage equipment, they  do the job.
I've tried the cut it open with the kitchen knife and the sharpest cutter, I could fine. And Yes! it's passed!! For gripping things is good but not for the fishing hook, can get stab so easily!! so be careful. Another thing with the size, my hand measurement is 3 1/2 inch across 7 1/4 long, but the Medium size is slightly big!!
Having really enjoyed the Grand Trunk Ultralight hammock, I thought it would nice to buy a two person hammock for my wife and I. It is of good quality and as described, however, unless you like sleeping in a cocoon, you will not like this. It completely engulfs one person. You feel like you are in a stuffy tent. It's better for two, but mostly I just lay in it and this will not do for one. I will go back to the Grand Trunk Ultralight for single loafing.
Truth be told, I've yet to use this rod, as the salmon runs here in Alaska are over in my area.  However, I've owned Ugly Stiks before and thoroughly enjoyed them while getting many years of good use.  My problem with this one is that the top section is bent to the right. Well, not bent, but it has a noticeable curve beginning with the second eyelet of the top section.  I noticed this as soon as I first put the rod together and looked down the rod to align the eyes.  I own dozens of spinning and fly rods from Quantum to Okuma to Temple Fork to Orvis......all of which are straight as an arrow.  This rod's top section should never made it past QA.  Deep down inside I know it won't affect the terminal performance but on the surface it drives me nuts every time I hold it and see that right curve!  I think I'll keep it, though, as it won't matter a bit in casting and landing fish.  The fish certainly won't know they were taken with a flawed rod!
Engages nicely and is easy to use, but the tines break off very easily. Basically this is not quite strong enough.
This works well for my kayak when diving if there is no kelp around to tie to and there is a sandy bottom. A grapnel style anchor is a poor choice with a rocky bottom as it is not going to hold well and the arms can break off.I would that it worked OK with my inflatable if I added 8' of light chain to it. The chain breaks up the catenary action of the anchor pulled vertical by the boat pitching on the surface and this keeps the body of the anchor perpendicular to the bottom where it works the best. Adding the chain made for a dramatic improvement in performance.
The plastic buckle on this item is not that great.  It doesnt have the durability to last for many years.  The rope is average quality, but is actually too long creating too much slack in most situations.  For the money it is fine, but I find that I use my home-made dock lines more often.
I picked these up for emergency use, hiking pack, B.O. Bag.  I returned all but one as I did not feel these were worth the money vs. the Wally Mart ones.  They were ok and plenty loud but probably would have kept them if they were about half as much.  Pea-less design is the way to go though.  As usual Amazon took return with no hassles so I'm no worse for the wear.
I have had more than one brand of these and they all seem to last on or two seasons.  This one is by far the least expensive and it lasts about the same.  For $20.00 it can easily be replace every other season.  If you only use them a few times a year it would last five or six years.  We use ours at the fire pit in our back yard as well as camping.  This is a light duty grill.  If the Grill itself wears out before the legs do, replace it with a webber coal grill it will last 10 years.
it feels cheap, like the Coleman products made in china.  The metal is thin and I fear it wont last more than a couple seasons.  It does work fantastically as a lantern holder, but standing over the heat of a fire is going to wear on it quickly.
Grill is ok enough. Poor instructions so had to wing it, but not too difficult. Legs are slightly warped or bent. Can't put a lot of weight on the grill, so be careful with weight of food you are cooking. Decent enough as a back up grill for emergency situations.
Need to cook four (4) at  a time, eaiser to use a pan with butter...IMHO...Also, takes up little space while camping...
While this is a very affordable item that has been around for a long time, I am not sure this camping stove toaster is worth the weight of weight of packing. The toast it makes is just so-so. It is hard to get a nice crisp texture without overdoing it and making it hard. I also do not like the taste of fuel that carries to the bread. To me, a better low cost method is to quickly toast the pan flat in a frying pan I already take anyway, with a bit of butter or bacon grease. And it has a taste that my family loves. I love camping gadgets, including many from the great Coghlan's company that makes this toaster, but this one just doesn't seem worth the trouble for me.
Its an okay line. Casts well good sensitivity. But continual rod tip wraps. Never really had any problem with these wraps before. If you dont mind untangling your rod tip a lot then its a 4 star.
Had to be a bad spool of line because it just twist up into little knots. Even did some trolling with the line, thought that might stretch it out, loose some memory, but it just wants to coil up on itself. Would not recommend this line, its in the trash can now.
I have inserted and removed the "dogs" about 20-25 times in the past 4 months and am disappointed in the quality of the item. The straps have pulled apart at both ends and are hanging on by just a few threads. No doubt they will be torn completely off within the next 2-3 weeks. The "dogs" themselves have done their job; my gloves do not stink like my wraps  which means they have absorbed the sweat and odor well. I realize these only cost ten bucks, which may not seem like a lot to most people. However, I hesitated in buying them because I thought they were overpriced for what they are. While I am pleased that they have prevented my gloves from stinking, I am not happy with their lack of quality in staying sewn together. A little more effort in the manufacturing process and these could have lasted a lot longer.UPDATE: I contacted the seller and received the following reply: "I apologize that the item you received is coming apart. We do have a 120 day return/exchange policy on our items. However, in this case, we can ship out a new item at no charge. This item can still be used without the straps attached."I did receive the replacement and thus far they are holding up fairly well, although some slight tearing has started on one of them. Nonetheless, I have bumped my rating from 2 stars to 3 stars for their customer service.
These are ok...They perform two functions for me 1) keep the gloves attached for easier carry and 2) they keep the gloves dry after bag work...mostly. They're sort of small. I would like them to be a little bigger honestly. Although you get what you pay for, since they are kinda cheap.
Bought this one along with a different finger tab for my girl's bow because a 20lbs draw weight was too harsh on her fingers.  As cool as it looks, the leather tips are just too stiff and slippery to grab the string without constant fear of it accidentally slipping off in mid-draw unless you either monkey-grip the string or are VERY careful to keep the pads of your fingers flat against the string.As my girl pointed out, adding razorblades to the fingertips would make for a killer Freddy Krueger glove on halloween, though!
got this to start shooting again to find out the new bow i just got doesn't use these it uses a trigger oh well ihave used it seems fine but trigger was alot better in hitting the spot
while they work, kind of hard so a little conditioner and they are usable, so for the price are ok.
I thot it would b a more bendable-kind of leather and I had to cut off the extra wrist velcro strap, since it would hang/stick out a lot. Also painted d camo part black
It's not a bad product for what it is. I would blame myself for not doing the research before buying it.I didn't want to be a finger tab because they always feel awkward, so I definitely wanted a glove.The two problems though:1. It does unravel off your fingers a bit and when you try to snug it down, it can cut off circulation a bit. =/2. It only protects the top part of your fingers, so unless you use the tips of your fingers to pull back the string, you're SOL.I was so disappointed in this glove, I just gave it to my little brother who is also getting into archery with me. Luckily the starter bow I bought isn't too rough on the fingers, but the 50# longbow I acquired roughs them up, so I'm back on the market for a good archer's glove.
Normally I wear a XXL glove, but with this, i would probably be ok with a medium, or maybe a large. Ordered an XL, and I have fat fingers, yet the leather keeps popping off of my ring finger, and is loose on the middle & pointer fingers. If you are skinny, this will probably be worse! I'd recommend either order at least 2 sizes small, or keep looking.As far as the quality of this glove is concerned, it seems to be perfectly average. Nothing special or noteworthy, but also no huge negatives. The way the leather is sewn together on the fingers takes a little getting used to, but that's what practice is for!
Quiver works okay, but on if you have arrows that are at least 20 inches in length. This limits the type of crossbow arrows you can use. Also the belt loop fastener opens and closes on the inside of the loop (next to waist) instead of the outside. This makes it difficult to fasten.
An affordable way to carry broadheads if you don't want to use a bow quiver. The flaws are the locking system of the quiver to the vertical strap. Poorly thought out. It can only lock with the vertical strap at a 45deg angle like in the picture.
easy to use and it is as described. However it is a bit bulky for those of us of shorter demeanor. Its a bit bulky and over sized.
This thing is amazingly adjustable but i find is very hard on arrow fletches. It does what it is designed t odo and is well made but seems hard on arrow fletches.
came fast, a bit expensive, i think there should be more for the money, over all seems to be fine Haven't had to use yet
Not as thick and sturdy as other brands. I'll use them for practice but I'll buy Allen company next time. I bought them before and they are thicker and heavier duty.they may cost a little more but they seem to be worth it.
One place in this ad says they come with 100 gr field points, but another place said they came with 125 grain.  They DO NOT come with 125 grain, which is what I need for my Barnett Wildcat C5.I never shot them, so I can't saw anything about that.I'm waiting on my refund.
as another guy said  mine also didnt have the field tips in the box. there is a hole so you can see the fletchings and i think that there falling out through there barnett needs to put a plastic window or tape the field points to a shaf. that might remedy this problem.
The bolts were not the color as in the picture...they arrived with yellow and orange, instead of the cooler black and green pictured.  Buyer beware!
Not sure what I was expecting, yet these seem to have limited usefulness as far as I can tell use
Its ok. I've only used it once but I did manage to cut the limb down. It works as advertised. The pull rope could be longer and of a better quality. I have already replaced the ropes after one use. I will pull it out again this spring and see how it goes.
I spent the weekend using this trimmer. I managed to take down about eight limbs from 5 to 8 inches in diameter. If you have patience, a tall ladder, a long pole saw/trimmer, 50 feet of para cord and a helper you can get it done.It sounds ridiculous I know. If I need all of these extras to make the tool work whats the point? Well, without this little device, good luck trimming branches that are 20-30 feet off the ground without a boom truck.The saw gets caught up a fair bit which is why I needed the ladder and the pole saw/trimmer. I had to use them both to get the saw untangled at least once.When you do get the saw situated and you start cutting the saw blade will often get caught when the limb starts to sag. Out comes the pole saw/trimmer to aid in pulling on the sagging limb and snapping it free.Ultimately it was a pain in the tail to use but once you get the hang of it does get easier. The price for this device is steep in my opinion.If you are resilient, patient, have the equipment I suggested above and you are in good physical condition I would give it a whirl. If you are relying on this saw to work the way it is advertised I would skip the purchase and save you money for a tree service.
WELL IT DOES WHAT THEY SAY.  IT WORKS !  HAS A PRETTY CLEAN CUT.  WHAT THEY DON'T SAY IS THE WORK OUT YOU WILL GET.  I AM IN SHAPE , RIDE 250 TO 300 MILES A WEEK ON MY AMAZON BIKE , RUN 5 MILES A DAY ...AND  MOST OF THE TIME  PASS  AS MY 31 YEAR OLD SON 'S  OLDER BROTHER.  ON BIG BRANCHES YOU WILL HAVE TO HAVE ONE PERSON ON EACH END OF THE ROPE.  BUT IT DOES WORK .
this I got so I could save money but it could not keep up with the demand from my motor as it came with some modifying of vent valve I got it too work.
The hole is very very small, will not work with boat tow ropes because the hole is so small. Quality is very good. Not sure what I will be doing with them, eneded up ordering a large pool float for my tow rope. Works great.
Super loud 120 db, hurts ears enough to cause some temporary hearing loss even when aimed away from you. It is unacceptable for one reason (and should be 1-star rated): there is no way to lock it to an off position, so it can easily go off accidentally when the top button is pushed. How can you transport it or store it without it perhaps going off and deafening someone nearby by jostling it -- you can't, since there is no off switch. You would not want a gun with no safety and this weapon against your own hearing is unacceptable because there is no safety (ie. off switch).
If you are looking for cheap and inexpensive boat trailer guides then these might suffice. They are a very cheap design with very flimsy method of attachment. Basically a couple of clamps with one piece of aluminum U-channel to hold them onto the trailer. One big hit and most likely will break. The guides are plastic pipe with a bend and a flat at the end of the bend to mount onto the trailer. The mounting hardware (clamps, nuts, etc) is ok and no complaint.I bought these for a jetski(pwc) trailer that I have. I didn't really need them as guides as much as I needed them to see the trailer position. When the jetski is off the trailer, I cannot see the trailer when backing up as it sits below the rear windows of my truck. These were inexpensive enough that any other alternative to buying or making trailer guides would not have been worth the effort or dollars.I would only recommend these boat trailer guides if you have a very lightweight boat. The guides are really flimsy and you can push them easily so they won't be much good guiding a heavy boat. Probably would be good for lightweight aluminum boats or jetskis.
Honestly,  don't think it did as good as Armorall,  and neither of them as good as the Turtle Wax protectant that I've used.It was OK,  but nothing I wanted to jump up and down over.  I used in on 'trim' pieces that were the plastic and non-metal body sections of a Jeep Grand Cherokee and a truck.  Also used it on some internal areas like door panels, etc.
This came to me highly recommended and I've used it on many cars over the years. I wish someone had done a comparison with other similar products, a la "Guru Reports". I can't tell if this lasts longer or protects better than others.I can tell you that it STINKS! It smells like an old man's body odor. Obviously not a problem for exterior use but, oh boy!, be prepared to keep your windows down for a while if used for interiors.It also seem pricey, o.k. if its superior to its competitors, not o.k, if its not.Update, 4/18/13: Looking through my old "Guru Reports" I find that "Guru" did report on this product It got a grade of B- for durability and performance and a grade of C for relative value. It was beat out by Armorall Original which got a B+. This was for use on tires but that's a pretty tough usage and should translate to other uses. It was also beaten by other tire specific products which got Bs, but Armorall came out on top of all.
Probably the same as Armour All---Has been on my vehicle Tires, dash, seats, etc for about a month-don't see any big deifference
I washed my new car today and applied the 303 Aero Protectant to all the plastic bits and pieces.  It went on like Armor All.  But, unlike Armor All, it is not a waterproof protectant.  In fact, before I wrote this review I went out to the garage and poured a little water on the rear fender and bumper.  The water clung to the surface.Now, I probably should have let it cure overnight, but I had this review to write.I wiped the water off and the 303 went with it.  What I mean is, the water was enough to remove the product.  I grabbed a paper towel, wiped it clean and reapplied the protectant again.  Like I say, maybe I should have let it cure.I'm not a big fan of Armor All, but it's all I've known for years.  It won't prevent sun fading, which is why I bought the 303, but it is water shedding.Bottom line, I bought the 303 protectant for the sun screen ability, so I guess I'm happy if it works.  Check out the 303 website for the instructions, which say to be very careful about getting it on other material surfaces.  My experience is that it is actually cleaner than Armor All when it over-sprays on the paint job.  I didn't see any smears on the hood when I over-applied the 303 while protecting the hood's tiny bits.If it actually works to prevent sun fading I will add a star or two.  Until then, it is three stars.
Cleans nicely, but not sure about the polishing ability, perhaps my scratches were too deep to handle, but they could not be felt by fingernail and this did not seem to reduce them.
My brand new Jeep Wrangler soft top already has scratches on the plastic windows.  One of the reviews said that this product filled-in the scratches.  It does not.  Also, keep this stuff off the top, it will stain if you're not careful.  I haven't tried it on my 2004 Ford F150 headlights.  Maybe I will be pleasantly surprised.  I will update the review if it works on the Ford.
Works well when first applied.  Wears off quickly, especially on clothing.  Has strong odor until dried.  You should expect to reapply often if you want that water beading effect all the time.
I've always been apprehensive about products that claim they will restore finishes to &#34;showroom new&#34;.I purchased a used boat in 2012 and decided to give it a complete detailing before the boating season starts. I attended a boat show and saw these &#34;polymer based&#34; products and all the hype behind them and was not convinced. I decided to purchase this &#34;Restoration System&#34; because I have used Meguiar's product for my car and have been pretty satisfied with the results.I used the Oxidation remover/cleaner by hand and with a 6&#34; buffer and it took some of the rust stains off but did not really &#34;remove it all&#34;. Used the Oxidation remover for the rest of the boat then used the &#34;Fiberglass Polish&#34;. After plenty of elbow grease and machine polishing the boat's appearance did improve but nothing like they make is sound to be. I plan to give it another go in a couple of weeks and hope that consistent upkeep will indeed improve the boat's finish. I also plan to apply the wax the next time around.
If you're a good guesser, your patch will be strong and reliable. Or see tips below.This kit was thrown together with little interest in product design or helpfulness.~~> The instructions don't tell you which side of the patch should get the adhesive (the two sides have different textures).~~> The instructions don't tell you if a thick or thin coat of adhesive should be used, or whether you should apply the patch quickly while it's wet.~~> There's enough cement for 40+ repairs, but only 4 patches are included.~~> The tube of cement has various warnings, but no info on what the substance is.~~> The instructions are in English and French, but not Spanish.The patches are a good thickness (30 mil), and over 2" diameter.For field repairs, better to bring pressure-sensitive (tape-like) patches. The tube of cement is about 5" long and the kit says: "wait 24 hours before inflating for best results."Tips: I tried a thick coat of cement on the smooth side, applied the patch quickly (while wet) and lightly clamped it. Worked well.
These were advertised as sold in a pair yet only one came.  I will need to order a second I guess.  They also appear plastic.
i have not installed the precut bunk carpet yet. My biggest disappointment is, I can't find it in 16' lengths.
This carpet is OK, but it's not nearly as nice as what came on my trailer. It seems impossble to get good carpet, I got a quote of nearly 3X the price for more of the same stuff I had I had on there before. I searched and searched, I guess for what I consider a reasonable price, you cant find anything better than this?
Critters appreciate being bludgeoned than sliced or pierced. One or two were ruined due to compacting on hard trees. Critter really appreciated that.
Snapped right on, and very hard to get off! This could create some problems when attempting to dispose of the waste within. The seat is made of thin plastic, a little bit flimsy, I could see the lid breaking off at some point. The lid shuts well, and sort of seals. I like the fact that I can still use the bucket handle when the lid is on!
my girlfriend insisted that i get one of these so she can go the bathroom on the boat when we go fishing and camping. i prefer to do things the old fashion way but understand that there are plenty of people that aren't comfortable with answering natures call the natural way.  fit on the first bucket i tried. not super high quality but it's cheap and fit the bucket and is good for doing the do.
I bought a 13' Tundra rod. It's big. I fished for a week in the Outer Banks, NC (in August, so not much action).  I am glad I brought a smaller rod- this one is big and heavy. If I caught a  big ole fish, I'd be glad I had it, but the truth is I'll probably end up using this monster very rarely- only when a LONG cast is necessary.I did catch a 6" Whiting. On a 13' rod... funny.Anyway about the rod- 13' 3 piece rod- I bought it because 3 pieces of less than 5ft will fit in the luggage box we have on top of the car. I think the tip is somewhat sensitive, but it's a long long way from the reel. It's stiff and not particularly light for its size. I am sure that's where the low cost comes in- a light and strong rod would cost 4x as much. I do think it's worth having around, though if you are fishing at the beach like did, you don't need a very long rod. (unless you catch a 12' fish). 6 or 7 feet of rod would have been plenty for me to catch what we did in the breaking surf.  Another thing to consider is this- I would hate to have to use this as a cast-and-retrieve rod. It's too heavy for that. You will get very tired.When I buy another surf rod, I'll probably spend a lot more on a much lighter weight rod- not necessarily a light-tackle rod, but made thinner and lighter out of more expensive material.I hope this review helps-
For the price the rod is worth it, but its a cheap rod that performs on par with its price. Not something I will be taking out fishing anytime soon. Barely flex the tip and you can hear it crack and pop.  Im afraid a decent size fish will destroy it. BTW, I ordered the 7' for channel cats. Ill keep it as a backup or loaner. But, if you buy it, you will get a rod that is worth exactly what you pay for it. Im going back to Ugly Stick Catfish rods.
Still waiing from the vendor the other item I ordered.  This is a big coil.  Don't knowmif itnis worth it but I do like the quick disconnect.  We'll see if my other item arrives then will add to this review
so this remote is very affordable and does the job just fine. If you are a novice or beginner player to paintball than this is deffinetly the coil for you. There have been a couple of other different reviews on this item saying that it doesnt come with directions for the instal. well they are right but if you cant figure out which side is male and which side is female than you need to go back to school. as for why i rated this item a three star, the quick disconnct is good but it doesnt stop the air that may still be left in the tank from coming out and if you are a player outside of a course, this could become an expensive problem. the valve that attaches to your tank is supposed to decrease the air flow from the tank to your asa and well if you are using co2 then this is somewhat of a delema as co2 is stored in liquid form and has a phase change to become a gas. so once a co2 tank is on the valve does nothing for you. the coil itself, or the hose that connects the two ends is durable and hasnt had any problems with kinks durring my activity. i am 6'6" and when standing to fire it does create a little tension when i am sholdering my marker. every other position i am in, it is fine, and while running in the woods, it does keeps the compact coil shape. overall i think that this is a good buy for beginners but i am not so sure on the disconnect or the valve open and close and that is why i rated it three stars. hope this review helps, happy hunting!
The Wilson Ball Pickup was easy to put together. It came with all the hardware and a little wrench. We put a little more than 50 balls in it, which was fine.Once up, the lid flips up to hold the balls inside, the legs come up to form a handle. We can hold it like that and punch the balls on the ground to pick them up without bending over.When ready to play, the handles fold down to become the legs of a stand. The legs don't snap into place very easily. My son and I both put our muscle into it and couldn't do it. I finally had to put it on its side and push with my feet. It's so hard to get in and out of the latch that we don't bother fold it back up during the practice to pick up balls. I hope that spring tension gets better over time.Also, when we haul it around by the handle, the handle occasionally falls out of the hinge, so that the whole thing topple out of our hands -- balls all over the ground, not a pretty sight.Overall, a clever design, but the details need improvement, or we got a defective one.
but when I read the warning for some materials may cause cancer and defected birth , i scary because my wife pregnant ^_^
The item travels well; it is construction is good.  I use occationally use it but I suspect the reel will have a short life.
I read most of the reviews prior to buying this combo. Yes it is small but has a great feel to it. As far as being a pain to replace in the hard case I'd suggest some patience. Worked for me.My complaint is the anti-reverse isn't working. I gave it a 3 star because Amazon jumped right on the defect and hopefully the next reel works like it should. The reel is actually a "sweepfire 10002B"made in Viet Nam. I can't wait to hook a shell fish on this light action rod. If the next one doesn't work I'll trash it. Have a good un.07 Aug update. Received my replacement kit and this time the reel works just fine. The only problem was one of the dividers in the case was broken. The package did not appear damaged so I figure it happened at the factory. Case still works fine so no biggy.
I've used these little boxes over the years, but haven't bought new ones for a while. It seems that the manufacturing of the older, small boxes are much better than the new ones. I bought a couple of the larger boxes also and their quality seems to be as good as the older ones that I have.
I typically rate a tennis ball on two standards: how long it maintains its bounce and how long before the fuzz is off the ball. This ball is average.
I suppose a tennis pro would feel differently, what I wanted was a ball that would bounce normally for my dog.  The dog toy tennis balls don't bounce worth a damn and the bell inside annoyed me. Finally, the price was right and I didn't need to by a large volume of balls.
nice ball tube, the balls look a biy cheap on quality, they bounce just ok but have rubber imperfections on all of them (on the rubber lines)
i think its better for basketball but not for soccer. uncomfortable for kids that need to wear glasses with it.
This is a solid bar at a good price. It has the revolving attachment that is nice. It is about what I expected and the price was fair. The only thing I am slightly disappointed with is the angle where it attaches to the cable. It is kind of hard to describe, but when I use it on my low cable doing rows the bars are not perpendicular to the cable. I think this is because the swivel part is not centered between the handles. I'm not sure if other bars are like this or centered more. It's not a deal breaker but if I was making one I'd look into this. I'd give it 3.5 stars. Hope this helps.
The material of the strap is not rigid enough for putting the watch on your arm easily.Once it's on it look and works well.
This "speed loader" does not seem to be very speedy if you have to wiggle it to get the rounds in the cylinder.  When I tried just putting it in straight, it didn't work.  If I wasn't doing it right and have to wiggle it to get it in, then it's really not much of a "speed loader".  It's suppose to be fast, but it doesn't seem that fast to me.  Maybe I just need some practice with it, but it's not what I thought it would be.  Maybe it's better than just using your hands to put the rounds in one by one, especially in an emergency, but it's still too slow if you needed the rounds in in a split life-saving second.  Plus, an accidental inadvertent twist of the knob and you lose all your rounds.  Maybe I'll stick with my failure-proof semi-automatic pistol with spare 10-round magazines in a real emergency.
Does NOT fit a Taurus Protector Pro polymer Model 85! Otherwise the quality seemed good, and the price point was fine.
Pro'sHolds bullets.In expensive.fast shippingcon'sCheap plasticdoes not fully insert into my S&W; .38 featherweightbullets wobble around worry about them coming dislodged in pocket.
First off, I love these in the 6-shot versions.  They seat all the way in & does its job well.  Great for nightstand...In the 5-shot version, I read that Ruger LCR with Hogue tamer grips don't work well.  I have a Ruger LCR with the Boot grip.  There are no issues with the loader getting hung-up on the grip (like the Tamers).  The problem is that the 5-shot spacing is not identical to the Ruger.  Thus, the further the speedloader is seated, the results are your casings getting wedged in the cylinder.  For best results, seat the ammo about 1/3 of the way down -- anything further & you can really get wedged in.  To simulate a stress situation, I pushed the loader in deeper... the results were that when I twisted the release knob, the rounds did not drop in the cylinder... & I had to finesse the loader off the wedged rounds.  If you force the loader free, a couple rounds could easily come back out & drop (leaving you with a randomly filled cylinder).While these work well enough for range time, beware of its limitations for CC use or other stressful fire situations.  On the plus side, I've become much faster & comfortable with my Bianchi Speedstrips ;)P.S. If you are looking for Ruger LCR speedloaders, be aware that these are the SAME ones that Ruger currently sells on their own website.  I recommend waiting (& hoping) that some manufacturer makes a better fitting loader.
This speed loader is ok but to me it seems a bit cheap.  Once the bullets are in the loader correctly and you lock them in ( I use the work LOCK with some reserve) they seem to be fine.  However, I have my doubts as to weather that lock will stay locked if I put them in my coat pocket or pant pocket.Perhaps it's just me, but I though it was a bit high priced for the quality it appears to be.If you're wondering, no I've never carried it to prove if what I'm saying, instead I bought a pouch with two strip loaders to carry instead.If I was just going to use them at the range and carry them in a container loaded I'm sure the loaders would work fine, but at $10 a piece, how many are you going to buy?
This is an inexpensive speedloader made for several versions of revolver. This was supposed to fit my S&W 637..and it almost does. Fits into cylinder about 70% but not completly. If you find the correct angle you can get it to work...but this does work...
These are plastic and don't seem very durable. And, they don't really align very well with my 5 shot ruger. Overall they will suit my purpose but I think in the future I would upgrade to metal loaders.
I bought this for a S&W; a Airweight. it is a VERY tight fit.Recommend QuickStrip 5 round for S&W; Airweight
Bought this for a S&W bodyguard. The fit is real tight. By that I mean when you use it, the speedloader will rub against the frame of the revolver. Its still an improvement over a pocket full of loose rounds though.
it's a little touchy as in: when your putting the bullets in and trying to turn it to lock it you have to mess with it for a second, maybe it will wear in with use  like my old ones did but then again I remember them being perfect right outta the box so who knows I'll keep using it at the range and give it a lot of use but if it keeps acting up I'll just go with a different brand... So right out of the box it's not perfect "atleast the one I've got but I'll write a follow up down the road on how it's doing...
I thought it was made completely of aluminum. But it is part plastic. Not that bad of an item, but it is a little stiff in releasing the ammo. It may free up after some use.
maybe its me but once I put the ammo in and lock it sometimes the ammo comes out, i kept it but may not use it that much
It's okay for the .45 rounds, but it's too small for the 410 ammo that would normally be loaded into a &#34;Judge&#34; (which is the pistol I bought them for).  I didn't do the research, so it's on my.  Just be warned...
i got this but my ammo won't stay, as i try to use it the ammo doesn't really stay &#34;locked&#34; til i put the ammo in
Was hoping this would work but the clearance is not large enough on my 50 year old model 10 k-frame s&w.  I can get the cartridges in about a third of the way and release and wiggle them in. Thus the three stars.  It's still faster than loading one at a time but beware the older smith and wessons.  Have ordered speed strips.  That will work once I get use to them.
Does the job and doesn't cost much.  Not much to say about it.  I pulled the flaps back and tucked them in my belt during a zombie match in order to keep them out of the way.
It's OK for the price. Won't fit a belt more than 1 1/4&#34; wide or so. ...............more words required is BS
It is functional but a bit sloppy when carrying 22 speed loaders.  Works better with 38s and 357s.  I use it for all three.  Not very sturdy material.
For the limited use, I give it, this is a good purchase.
Fits on the belt, does not move around. The material is not rigid, so when you try to quickly extract the speed loader, the soft sides flex and slow the retrieval. So, it does work, but not as well as it could. This is with a 5 shot speed loader, a larger speed loader might fit tighter and not be slowed on retrieval. I still use this to hold speed loaders, but only at the range, not for carry.
It's a good item. The material is just a bit thin. I wouldn't take it anywhere it would see abuse, but for short trips to the range, it's good.
I got this just to store speedloaders in and it fills that role just fine.  If I was going to carry a revolver I would probably get a leather or kydex holder but this meets my needs and was inexpensive.
Maybe it's just my personal preference, but I found this holder is way too light to be used easily.  The nylon is very thin, and has no rigidity to it whatsoever.  As a result, the upper edge will collapse over top the speed loader and make it more difficult to grab rapidly.  Ok for recreational use, but I certainly wouldn't want to have my life depend on it...
This HKS cordura nylon speedloader case is decent quality for a light-duty case, but if you are looking for a case to put on a duty belt or on a stiff gun belt for home defense, it is not the best choice. It has no internal stiffeners to keep the case open for inserting the loaders, and the Velcro closures are not as secure as a snap closure. However, it may be a good option for concealed carry because, unlike the rigid duty belt cases, it doesn't stick out much from the belt.This case holds two speedloaders.  It is 3-1/2" wide and it has one full-length belt loop that will slide on belts up to 2-1/4" wide.  For use on a narrower belt, it is possible to sew a line of stitching through the belt loop (on the top side), so the belt loop will not be as loose.The main advantage this nylon case has over a rigid speedloader case is that it can be flattened or folded over with a rubber band for storage to take up very little space - and not look like an ammo case.  With the speedloaders inserted, it also sticks out a  less from your belt than a rigid case, if that is a concealed carry concern.The only other advantage might be an application where you would want to wear the case unloaded, rolled over inside a casual belt so it just looks like a small flat belt case.  Then it can be quickly rotated to accept the speedloaders.The semi-rigid HKS Hytrel plastic cases or leather cases from other manufacturers are much better if you are going to keep the case permanently on a duty belt or a gun belt.  The snap closure on the rigid case is more secure than the Velcro on the nylon case.  For self-defense, inserting & removing the loaders is also easier with the rigid case.The nylon case only comes in one size to fit all size HKS speedloaders, so it is loose when holding the medium HKS speedloaders, such as those for 5-shot 38 Special or .357 Mag.  However, this can be fixed by sewing a line of stitching on either side of the fuzzy Velcro to take them in about 1/8" on both sides of the Velcro.One other tip to improve these soft nylon speedloader cases: You can buy one of those plastic containers that hold little tubs of  friut drink mixes; then cut out about a 1-1/2" strip from the top of the container, and roll it up inside the case to make a rigid tube around the speedloader.  This keeps the case open for inserting the speedloaders.In contrast, the HKS rigid Hytrel cases come in two sizes, medium and large, and the medium is supposed to fit the five-shot loaders and other even smaller loaders for 22LR. The Hytrel case costs about $5 more than this nylon case, and is available in smooth finish or basket-weave.Galco and some other holster companies make nice small single leather speedloader cases that wrap around a regular pants belt and snap closed (brown and black color).  They are very nice leather, but expensive.By the way, an alternative case option for the medium size speedloaders from HKS is to use one of the  leather cell phone cases (for the older "candy bar" size cell phones). Many of these  have a spring steel belt clip, elastic on the sides, and a full velcro cover flap. You can stack two medium loaded speedloaders in these, and they are discreet for concealed carry defense.On some of these cell phone cases, the elastic doesn't go all the way to the to the bottom, so the bullets in the ends of the bottom cartridges are just a bit noticeable on the sides.  However, this can be fixed by fashioning a small piece of bent black plastic (or even cardboard blackened with a marker) to hide them.  It would be shaped like a tall "U" in the  bottom of the case.
I would have liked it better if it had some type of stiff backing so it didn't sag on my belt.
This product is what it is.  It will hold your speed loaders.  The pouches are not &#34;formed&#34; and will crush when empty...but I would have paid a lot more for something like that.
I like these but wish I had gotten the ones with the snap to make them more secure. They work but if it is a treck thru the woods or a brisk run I would not trust them.
Some items you get what you pay for and this is one of those items. The price was low and the quality is too.
This does work but I need to modify the way my Mag fits into to it as it is a bit to angled for my M-P 40c.The ad says it is for S&W; but as I found out not all. Yes I can use it and It does work but I should not need to adapt it to my pistol.
I read the reviews on it, and some said they used it on their 9mm. Well, it would not even fit over the magazine of my SD9VE. Maybe they had a single stack, I don't know. Anyway, the company was superb, with some of the best CS I ever had. Paid for tme to return it, and gave an instant refund. Love thos folks!!!!!
Nylon jags break, brass jags can scratch rifling.....
Did not work on 223/556 AR for me. All other cleaning jags/rods etc... I've used a .22 will clean a 223/556. Not this one.
HKS products are good and this one seems to be nicely made however it does not seems to work as well as I hoped with my .380 magazines. It may work fine with other caliber magazines. I have several HKS revolver speed loaders and they work great. The item arrived on the date promised, good job Amazon.
Honestly it's a little complicated to use. I thought it was going to save me time but in reality it takes longer to get the magazine in and out of the speedloader than it does to just load the mag by hand. Not really impressed.
Nothing special about this loader other than it saves your fingers from trying to load into a new magazine. I am using it with a Ruger ACP magazine.
This is a great product, I know people who have them, but this one did not fit my Smith &Wesson SD9VE. The magazine is to thick for this HK model, I will return and order a different size
i think for many single stack magazines this would be helpful, but for the beretta nano, it just wasn't working for me. and it wont fit the extended magazine properly. the grip required to use with the regular magazine was worse for me than unassisted hand loading. but i also felt the load assist that came with the new glock 23 was more awkward for me than standard hand loading. it could just be me.
Your average "school" jump rope.  A bit lighter than I would have hoped for, but otherwise...it is what it is.
No complaints. this product is pretty much the same jump rope I used in gradeschool gym class and does what I needed it to do.
I got this "one-piece" coated cleaning rod to help protect the bore during cleaning but the coating is starting to flake off near the patch-holder and at the screw joint.  It's really not "one-piece" because the patch holder screws onto the rod.  I don't know if the one I got just had a poor coating job or if the solvents are just too much for the coating.  I think I'll go with a carbon fiber rod in the future.  I also thought the 33" length would be plenty long but with at least one brand of bore guide in my Weatherby Vanguard S2 .30-06 the patch will not fully clear the end of the muzzle - works okay with another shorter brand of bore guide though.
I learned that there is a difference between the short jags and the long jags.  The long ones were too tight to fit in my barrel, so I had to switch to the short ones.  The jag is sized correctly, the problem is that the patch you put around it will have some folds in it.  On these long jags, those folds increase the overall thickness too much.  You could probably cut the patches so they fit better, but that's a lot more trouble than just switching to a short jag.However, I discovered that these longer jags are just what the Dr ordered for cleaning the magazine tube.  So it wasn't a waste of money or anything.
This is listed as being made from brass. It is not, it's aluminum.The bid true shows the true color, but the description says brass.
I bought this case for my new Ruger 1911 pistol.  The Ruger comes with a nice cloth carrying case with Ruger logo, but I wanted a hard case that would lock. I did not want to have to use the mandatory lock that is shipped with all firearms.  The case is too small for the Ruger 1911 which is the same size as any 1911 series pistol.  I have four magazines for the 1911 (after all the magazines that come with the pistol are only 8 rounds and 7 rounds).  The case would not close unless one pushed hard to close it with only one magazine in the pistol.  With three other magazines, it cannot close.  As for the product, it is OK.  It looks well made and it is Made in America.  I gave it three stars because it might work for smaller pistols, but not the 1911.  For a small pistol like a Ruger SR22, it would work great.
First off, I am NOT using this to store a gun.  I'm using it to store a shaver.  Regardless, I find the case quality lacking a bit. The latches are cheap feeling and don't have a positive action to them, and the &#34;hinge&#34; is not a hinge but rather a thin piece of plastic that WILL break after enough open/close cycles.  Comparing this to a Plano case, it's a night and day difference.  This will do OK storing my shaver but it's really rather disappointing considering similar offerings by Plano.  The reason I did not get the Plano (aside from the fact that I didn't expect the poor quality), is that I needed something smaller than their cases.
Daryl is most correct, cloth works much better than Hoppes synthetic.  Good cloth patches save time and you use less than you would of the synthetic ones.Years ago Hoppes use to be a terry cloth and they worked very well.  I still have some I purchased in the 1980's that were from the 1950's I found in a small hardware store with some new old stock cloth patches.  I purchased the Hoppes before I knew aboutButch's 3-Inch Square-10,12,16 Gauge Triple Twill Cleaning PatchesThese are the ones I use the most:Butch'S Twill Cleaning Patches (Bag Of 500) (2-1/4-Inch)The Hoppes are cheap in bulk and I now use them to clean the sound tube on Edison Model L M and A cylinder record player sound tubes, the Hoppes work well as you only need to remove dirt and oil.  At least they will not go to waste.
the material seems to be like a nylon or something that isnt very soft so i cant imagine it cleans as good as softer cloth ones, i wont be buying them again.
I like these patches.  Very thin but strong material.  I agree with other reviewers that they are smaller than needed.  I use the .38-.45 size patches all the time for my .22 and prefer the larger size.  They will fit the .22 cal barrel no problem.
These are okay.  There is a tendency for the patches to shred and to leave particles in the gun.  The patches do not all do this, but enough to be a problem.  Okay product, but I will not buy these patches again.
You are better off getting the .38-.45 Caliber patches instead.  These are just WAY too small (50% larger than a postage stamp?) to be of any effective use for your .22.  If you double-up on them it's a bit better, but you run through them faster.  Save yourself the stress and get the .38-.45's
These patches are definitely uniform in size. I have to use 2 at a time because once on a cleaning rod one slides a little to easy and won't pick up dirt. Using two at a time is fine because the price is right. Much better then cutting your own.
These are very thin.  They are half the thickness of the patches in my Kleen Bore kit.  I often have to double up on them to fill the gaps.
Its obviously some synthetic material, not cotton.  It does fray if you catch it on something, then it just starts to fall apart.  It is also very thin.  Barely put a drop of CLP on it and it soaks the entire patch.  Not a huge fan of these.  Ended up buying these:Butch'S Twill Cleaning Patches (Bag Of 375)(2-1/2-Inch).Now I only use these to wrap it around a nylon brush when I scrub down the inside of the bolt area of the rifle (when the BCG is removed).  Works ok for that.
Does the job, but I've used much better patches. They fray and leave strands behind very easily. T-shirt like patches are far superior in every way.
I'm not sure what kind of material these patches are made of but they don't seem to clean as well as the t-shirt type.
These are not the softer more absorbent type of patch I was expecting.  I find I have to double up to get enough friction to clean my M&P 9mm barrel.  Otherwise an OK product.
These are OK, but just. I really thought I was getting cotton and I also thought they'd be larger since the are tagged for .45 as well as .38cal. If I have a choice, I won't buy these again, but I would take them in a pinch. All the other Hoppe's products are excellent while these miss the mark.
This bag of patches are good for the price. What more can I say, It's a bag of patches. The patches are not cotton. they are a type of...  I don't know. They feel like the Bounce clothes dryer softeners, but they do the job well.
these gun cleaning patches uses is limited to being ran thru the barrwol to indicate how much more cleaning you have to do.you get a truck load of the pathces for a good price but only good for carbon and fouling indictor.
It's ok, I bought this not thinking about the idea that I could just use cut up shirts and clothe but hey it works and wasn't too expensive. What can i say?
Back in the 1980's and earlier Hoppe's patches were cotton flannel, then they went to this cheap synthetic material.  You have to use two patches at a time because they are thin and do not absorb very well.  The only good thing about these is the price buying in bulk.Hoppes Gun Cleaning Patches, 38 to 45 CaliberYou could pay $2.60 + $5.54 shipping for 40 of these patches, here you get 500 for $7.37.  They are OK, but the cotton flanel ones like theAllen Company Gun Cleaning Patches (225 Pieces)for 30Cal, 357 Handgun to 45Calare much better.They are good for use as applicators when you do not want to waste a quality patch.
Very thin, not as thick as they need to be to do a good job. I am a little disappointed.
I don't see much difference between this product and regular Rem oil. I thought it would be more of a dry lubricant that would stay where you spray it but it really isn't. Good lube but really not dry.
It's been around for ages, and well liked.  There are a ton of oils to choose from.  I found this one to be a bit watery in consistency for my needs.  I prefer a bit of viscosity.
I have used BoreSnakes and similar  on various calibers for many years. The idea is great but Hoppe's execution could be better.The pros: quick...washableinexpensivesmall package "easy to store in  range bag".can be used as an emergency tourniquet in a pinch {ok that's a stretch but hey innovation is a necessity}Cons:easy to break pull cordsame model doesn't necessarily mean it will fit (223/5.56) "perhaps quality control issue"easily jams in barrel.difficult if not impossible to clean  chamber to muzzle in AR platform, meaning your dragging particulate in to your receiver.As I said I have used and still use the BS in 223/5.56 and 308/7.62 as well as 45 & 9. The snakes for handguns and non AR platforms work well and with little issue. The caveat is the AR platforms, if your running a match grade barrel in 223 id recommend that you not use this BS. The lack of tactile feedback could leave your rifling damaged or a BS stuck in your barrel. Not to say the BS would cause the damage directly but more likely a large piece of particulate etc.. getting stuck in the snake and being raked down the barrel. For your average sportsman or tacticool user a BoreSnake is not a bad investment. They are really good at cleaning out the gunk left in your barrel when shooting steal case ammo like Wolf or Tula.My biggest complaint is the breaking of the pull cord. I am a moderate shooter, approximately 300 rds a month on my  5.56's and 200-300 rds on my 308 so I might use a snake  2-3 times a month. They average about 7-8 cleanings before the cord breaks.I have read a lot of reviews where users swear by these, I would as well for a quick clean however over time they just don't last making the bang for your buck rather underwhelming.  I do want to point out that I have used snake's on my 45's and 9mm well over 100 times, I have never had to replace either and I believe I have at least 100 more cleanings before I would even consider the need to replace. Your mileage may and probably will very.Austin{always watching your six}
Boresnakes are great for a quick pass through to get the big chunks but nothing beats an old fashioned cleaning. I tested this theory and still have plenty to clean out after using the boresnake. I now knock the big nasty chunks with my cleaning kit then the bore snake to get more out in a faster fashion than patches then I finish with my cleaning kit. Saves me time but it is not the end all magic cleaning kit.  I might be doing it wrong but I doubt it.
Not to be used in anything but a break-barrel, and I sold mine because with time they loose accuracy due to barrel droop.
I like the BoreSnake and think it does a good job, but I agree with some of the problems that are pointed out by others. Number one fault, the cheap nylon cord breaks. I have had it break on three others, but have not ried this out yet. With the others, I complained to Hoppe's and they sent me new ones. Keep complaining about this problem, maybe they will fix it (but probably not). Also, they do wear out. A brush on the end of a cleaning rod can be replaced for a couple of bucks, these, not so much. These are good for a quick run through cleaning out in the field, but should not be substituted for a proper cleaning.I hadn't bought any gun cleaning equipment in a number of years and when I started to get the stuff from Hoppe's, it all says made in China. Outers is still made in America, my local gun shop stopped carrying Outers because it was "more" expensive and we're not talking by a lot. All they stock now is Hoppe's. From now on I am going back to the old rod and brush style and buy caliber specific Gunslick kits from Outers. I would rather pay the little extra for a better product, and feel good about buying it. Yes, this (the BoreSnake) is easier to use, but sometimes "easy" isn't what your looking for.
I ordered 1 and it won't fit any PCP rifle because the brass weight is too long and can't go in the chamber.
To start, the only reason I gave this 3 stars instead of 1 is because, like the boresnake I bought 3 years ago (same caliber), it cleans a gun barrel better than any other cleaning device I have used to date.  Now for the problem... This is for cleaning .22 caliber rifles.  I bought it for cleaning my AR's specifically.  The brass &#34;weight&#34; that they put on the end of the pull string was too big to slide through the barrel!  Thus, the product was useless in the condition it was delivered.  My first boresnake had a much smaller weight that easily slid down the barrel allowing me to quickly pull the snake through cleaning my barrel in seconds.  I figured out the problem (other than the obvious fact that the weight was too big)... The weight Hoppes is using has the caliber number stamped on it to identify which snake to use.  Great idea if you have multiple snakes, but the weight size needed to fit the stamp was too big to fit a .22 cal.  After squeezing the weight with pliers, I reshaped it enough to barely thread it down the barrel, which took longer than using a a rod and patch set.  In the end, I had to dremel the weight to make it useable.  Very frustrating.  I don't foresee this being a problem with calibers bigger than .22 though, because they probably use the same size weights on the other snakes.
This is good to clean a semi-auto rifle so you don't have to insert the rod from the muzzle, but a good old rod, brush and patch job is better. OK for a quick clean.
I have yet to take mine out of the packaging.  Hoppe's a well known name in firearm cleaning components, so I'm very satisfied.
This works okay and its easy to carry - but it doesn't really get stuff as clean as a rod and a brush - good for getting the carbon out at the end of a day of shooting and putting a little oil in your bore. but its not the cleaning rod substitute they would like you to think it is.
This sling was too short for use with a Remington 870 home security model with the sling attachment on the mag tube cap. It was nice but when extended fully it is just to tight to serve any real purpose or sling the weapon over your shoulder.
So I specifically purchased these patches to clean my guns after range use.  I paid more for these because I wanted an absolute lint free patch, that would not leave traces of lint on my gun after cleaning.  Well, I still havent found the right patch.  When I clean the outside of my black gun with oil, these patches leave lint on the gun.  I then have to get a microfiber cloth to wipe of the residue from the patches.  These dont absorb oil like other patches, but they are strong.
I would recommend. I use it. I got excellent results. practical and washable. copper brush is also necessary for clean of bore
But not as good my normal rod and cleaning supplies.  Always seems to be some residue left in the barrel and this probably can only get my gun about 85% clean.
I got this for $13.00 at WalMart.  It works great and getting major crud out, but you still have to use the brush and rod to get a really lean shotgun.  It's nice you can wash these and use them again.  Just don't wash with anything nice.Great product not a great price.I recommend, but buy at Walmart for less.Vidimo Se!
Not thrilled with how stiff it is, but that's just my opinion. The channel where the belt goes through is to big IMO.It allows for the pouch to ride up when you sit down, which then digs into you. Unless of course you have a very wide belt.
it will hold the speed loaders securely, however it is not completely made of leather there is more plastic involved than I would have liked but it will work good for the job.
...but material is a turn off since its all plastic but like I said, useful, does the job. not something that you can brag about while hanging on your belt but I don't do that.  I just use it to keep speed loaders  together and ready for use.
I blued an old 22 rifle that has been in my family for around 80 years. It did a fair job, nothing to write home about. It was a lot of trouble not to turn out better than it did.
Using cold blue on a firearm you plan on using and taking in and out of pistol rugs and holsters is about useless. I applied 7 coats of cold blue to my firearm and it showed 'wear' nearly immediately with only a few of the above actions executed. If you wanted to cold blue a firearm for the wall as a display this would be excellent. The color was dark and looked great. Otherwise, if it is an 'in use' practical firearm, spend the money and take it to a gunsmith for proper blueing. I did not get to try the wood refinish yet.
This stuff seemed to work on the steel of my AR-15, but after it sat for a day or so, it began to rust. Im not sure why because this stuff is supposed to stop rust??
I have clean and prepped area many times.  Used this several times. It has a blue color but never turns black.
I wanted to like this a lot.  Turns out it's merely ok.  When you push the button OMG HERE COMES HOPPES #9.  It's great for those hard to reach places when you don't mind a puddle of Hoppes.  But it's definitely not for precision work.  I'm puzzled by the reviewer who complained about the smell. It smells like Hoppes #9.  Works like Hoppes #9.  Three stars for function.  Five stars for the product that I've used forever.
I thought I would try this item instead of a normal brass Hoppe's brush and here's my results.  The brush was very tight even with the Hoppe's fluid on it, it was very tough to push through a S&W m&p 15-22 bore. I planned on using this on a .223 chrome lined bore but will not attempt it because it was so tight. It did seem to clean fine and probably was a little quicker vs. the standard brass brush. Overall I wasn't too impressed and will stick with the normal and cheaper brass brushes from Hoppe's.
Doesn't clean all the powder residue out, however using in tandem with a wire brush first, then wrapping a cleaning patch around the Tornado Brush to clean up left over works quite well.
This is a large paper pistol target.  What's to say?  It is easily seen and relatively inexpensive.  Also easy to attach the orange self sticking Birchwood Casey target spots for more intensive practice.
These are not what I would call standard targets. Most indoor ranges would not allow me to use these without cutting them in half. Too long and low shots tend to ricochet off the floor. Will get smaller targets next time. Be sure to check dimensions before purchasing.
Tried it for a full finish on a pellet gun barrel and receiver.  Learned that cold bluing rubs off pretty easily with use.  Have not tried other products.  Probably good for touch ups.  Need to neutralize it really good or rust will pop up over night.
Thought this would cure my problem of holster wear on my Colt Lawman MKIII barrel. I was so wrong. Followed the instructions to a &#34;T&#34;. It did not come out shiny and blue. It did come out streaky and flat black. Not very happy with these results. Will not try this product on any of my other guns.
The materials used in this product feel cheap: 1) rod 2) bore brush is made of some polymer 3) case it comes inLiquids are great I would just buy the liquids from now on. And buy the accouterments separately.
Contains the basics to clean your gun(s).  The tools are certainly adequate and perform as intended.  If you go to the range a 2 - 4 times a month and do a thorough job cleaning and lubing, you will run through the supplied pads and cleaner fairly quick (but don't over use the cleaner / lubricant).  The brush is a bit awkward for my little S&W Bodyguard .380, but it is functional and Q-tips work well of course.  For my 38 revolver and 40 S&W it is just fine.
Great product for the price. Just wish the plastic say down farther so parts would fall out when you opened it.
Not a bad little cleaning kit for your handgun, however it leaves some to be desired.PROS:-Cleaning brushes are nice and convenient-Everything comes in one nice packageSemi- CONS (not big issues, but notes)-Cleaning/lubricating liquid is more of a lubricant than a cleaner.  I wouldn't recommend using this as an all in one as it will become over oiled which can cause damage to your firearm.-the cleaning pads are worthless, throw them away and get some that don't frey and leave cotton all over your weapon.
Returned product for three reasons:  (1) Kit does not contain a #25 bore brush, which means you can't scrub out any weapon that fires .223 or NATO 5.56 rounds.  Rifles that shoot these rounds may be the most popular rifle in America today.  So if you do order this product, buy the #25 bore brush for your AR-15 or "tactical" rifle that uses the above numbered ammo.(2)cotton swab holders are a very light metal and threads strip out easily.  {couldn't remove swab holder from cable after first use.(3) The soft pouch is too cramped.  Otis is a great company....but they would be better served using steel threaded parts and a fishing box layout...with numbers on the parts that you do not need a magnifying glass to read the part sizes.The Otis cleaner is terrific, however!  I did order the next less expensive kit, which comes with two tubes of cleaner. I ordered the #25 bore brush and M-16 chamber brush seperately.  These two items are "sine qua non," (can't do without)parts if you are going to call a cleaning kit a "tactical" cleaning kit.Joe RubiPrescott Valley, AZ
Wanted to love this, but the breach to bore style can be done much better in my opinion. The accessories aren't easily accessible and readily attachable. This would be great to use on the range if it wasn't so compact it was cumbersome. Not to mention the patch thread seemed to be flimsy and the jags included seemed to flake after a couple passes. I sent it back, but if range cleaning is what you are set on give it a try.
I purchased this because I read a lot of rave reviews about Otis cleaning kits.  I find that it's a good compact kit to take to the field, but overall it really doesn't clean very well--especially for the price.
I was very excited when I first started using this.  Eventually I ended up discovering that a &#34;one size fits all&#34; kit really wasn't what it was cracked up to be, even though there were multiple elements to the system that helped it have a chance at being so.  The parts are easy to use, but also easy to lose.  The bag has great zippers but doesn't zip up very easily, is bulky and cumbersome for what it is, and doesn't hold its parts very well.  This often lead to losing parts.  The brushes included also don't include some of the more popular calibers (namely the .223/5.56mm).  It's ok, but I think that just sticking with dedicated kits for particular firearms is going to be better.
These are not the same quality that I came to expect from the Otis kits I used while active duty. The plastic lamination on the pull-throughs started to peel and split after the first use. I thought it may have been a bad batch, and contacted Otis to take advantage of their excellent warranty - one of the major selling points of any Otis product.Unfortunately, their customer service has also taken a dive lately. It took two weeks of phonecalls and emails to get a reply from their customer service. They asked me to send my mailing address, and said they would send out a replacement ASAP - that, unfortunately, never happened, and I've been unable to get ahold of anyone since.I do have a couple of positive things to say, though.The pouch is much nicer than they used to be, with a molded plastic insert rather than the junky foam block that used to be standard. I also happened to need it to remove a chamber blockage (an over-expanded shell that would not extract) for the first time, and, despite being dubious that a flexible cable would be able to push it out from the muzzle end, it worked exactly as advertised.
Decent range holster, quick on/off - protects the gun and keeps it on your hip instead of setting it down.  Wouldn't suggest for any type of real world carry, but does what it appears to be made for - a quick, easy cheap holster solution.
The holster is ok. The gun fits, but very snug. I'm sure with some use it will break in, but was a little disappointed. The other Fobus paddles I have purchased worked great out of the packaging.
This holster gets three stars for its three star price and the equal quality of the product.  It retains K-frame Smiths OK, L-frame is a better fit for retention.  The attachment of the paddle to the body of the holster is weak, it does flap a bit easier than I'd like.  I had no misconception of what the product was, I needed a cheap holster that would retain a hammerless (DAO) Smith 64 and this fits the bill.  I wear a 1.75&#34; belt and there is a bit of a fit issue - the paddle/holster junction is a bit narrow so I get a poor fit.  A 1.5&#34; belt works fine.  Also note that depending where the belt loop of your pants is located this might also effect how the holster rides.
Believing that I got the right holster for my Security Six Ruger revolver, the gun fits really tight. I cannot draw with one hand from the holster. Still working on it. Hoping it will loosen up over time.
These are decent holsters, but if you don't have a chance to test them, it's really a crap-shoot.  This may fit medium frame smiths, but none of my Taurus (taurii?) fit.
I purchased this double magazine holder for CCW purposes.  For that purpose, it is an abject failure.  Simply put, it is too large and bulky.  It is very high quality; of that you cannot quarrel.  However, as can be seen in the photo, the construction is bulky by design.  There are rivets on the outside.  It makes it very hard to carry under a shirt nearly anywhere except right in your front waist area.  That, however, makes it impossible to crouch or bend down, and makes it entirely obvious that you are carrying something -- which defeats the purpose of CCW.  Unless you are walking into a gunfight, for which no concealment is necessary or warranted, I suggest a different product.
The product itself is great and would work well, but the description of &#34;Universal&#34; is incorrect.  It is for Beretta and a few other brands, but does NOT fit Glock double stack mags.
Stated in the description (hopefully they've changed this) that this mag holder fit Glock double-stack (9mm) mags...Nope...Promptly returned.The description also stated that the paddle was "rubberized"...Nope...Just plastic.
Solid and creative design. However not appropriate for conceal carry as it significantly shows, even when wearing a jacket. IMO it will make a great open carry holster. The plane, cheap(price), plastic holster made by glock and sold here did work for me for CC.
There are so many knock offs of the 1911 out there... my early 70s model 70 fits rather loose in this, while my glocks fit quite snug in their respective fobus paddle holsters. i guess Focus had to compromise a bit to make it all encompassing for today's 1911 market.
It will probably take me 2 hrs to figure out the terrible instructions and put this thing together. It might even take longer. couldnt even find an instructional video online to show how to assemble. i am dreading completing this assembly. Ok, it took me 1 hr 15 mins. The way to assemble it unfortunately is to look at other photos on the internet in color so you can figure out where parts go. The instructions will help you about 10% and the photos online are about 90%. Tried the thing out and here is the only bad thing. When you undo the safety catch and the arm is supposed to rest ready to be sprung, the arm starts to slowly swing or move by itself. Not happy at all so I think what I need to do after I call the company tomorrow is to drill a hole in the foot plate where you step on and attach a nylon cord. So when you are about to launch a clay you have to pull on the cord to keep the footplate up and step on the plate. Its like the weight of the foot plate is too heavy and again starts to move the arm launcher by itself. My friend had a basic one with a spring and attached it to a flat board and just reset it and pulled the spring loaded lever. It looked cheap but if I had to do this again I may have bought one like his.
the elastic holders are definitely tight for 12 guage shells, you can fit them but it takes a while. good quality belt besides that
I thought this would be a great buy for skeet or trap shooting at least to free my pockets of some of the shells. But boy was i wrong. Its cool if you want to take 10 minutes to load it up and appreciate how cool you look. But i gave up on it in practical usage especially for five stand or skeet because it takes to long to load and unload and usually requires both hands. if your looking for a practical reason i would stick with a vest of some sorts.
This  is a great Item for the price but it could be made out of stronger material.  Other then that it is ok.
The main purpose of this product is to hold the shells in place...I ended up doing additional sewing in order to make sure that the compartments won't come undone (started to happen after the second trip to the woods). Overall - you get what you pay for...
As with everything else I've found in the world of shotguns, this 20/12 ga. accessory is better suited for a 20 gauge, but will work alright for a 12. Reason being, the loops for the shells are tight enough to be inconvenient on the larger 12 gauge shells.The buckle is strong and secure, and the belt works just fine, otherwise. I would rather pay a little more and have the choice between the two sizes, but this item would work okay for hunting, as there's not really a rush to reload. It's not a great tactical accessory.
Belt is of decent material as is the belt clip but the elasticity of the shell holder is much too stiff and sewn too close together making extraction of shells a real task.  I would rather have shells loose in a pouch as trying to pry them out of the elastic for a quick reload not possible
This is a shot shell BELT the holes are very tight for 12 gauge but that's good if your bopping around, training and so on.
The belt is made for really big people.  (Trying to be PC here)  What do I do with the extra slack?  I was hoping that there would be a loop of some sort to feed the extended part of the belt into.  But it just kinda hangs there so I end up wrapping the extra slack around the belt that is buckled.  Looks silly, but what can you do?
It is what it purports to be; a basic shotgun shell belt that can (very tightly) fit 12g. shells and (probably better) 20g. shells. Not amazing, but what are you looking for at this price?
This item is simple and sturdy, able to hold shotgun shells. without losing any while moving through the woods. The belt can be cut to various lengths.
Well made ammo belt for the money however the clasp is a bit too tight for unfastening. A lil filing in store.
The sling gets the job done, but I definitely would not buy it again. The main reason is that I could not adjust it such that the pad sits on my shoulder. Every way I tried had the pad going down my chest. It feels rather cheap as well. However, it works....but so would a short rope.
Simply a strap Just what I wanted.  I added two 1&#34; clips to it for me shotgun  works perfect and the prices is right!  Git one fur yersef.
I used this for awhile and it did what I needed. I didn't like how the loop around the barrel moved up and down as I was carrying it so I ended up getting this Uncle Mike's Quick Detachable Remington 870 Express 12-Gauge Internal Ratchet Cap Set Sling Swivels (Blued, 1-Inch Loop) instead. However, if you have a rifle that you don't want to drill a hole in the stock this sling will do an adequate job.
Holds Glock 45 acp fine vertical but mag fall out if in shoulder harness and you bend over.
For the price, I would expect this to be a bit more strong like Blackhawk merchandise. This is a great dual mag holder, the mags go in easy, and hold great, while allowing an easy but restrained pull out....no jokes on that guys....But my problem is how flimsy the area at the top of the belt line is. I literally feel like I'm going to break it, or bend it beyond repair when I put it on my hip.I doubt it would, but for $40+ there should be no doubt I bought a good mag holder. Better plastic my friends, get on it.
For just a few more dollars (totally worth it) you can have this same product shipped from a location closer than Israel.Although I've already ordered this product (a while ago) and am still waiting for it to arrive, I am familiar with this product.I used this during a pistol class and it worked like a charm.  It helps to have one of these at your hip for the simple, common-sense reason of having easy access to more mags at the firing line.The three stars are not geared towards the product itself.  The three star review represents the very, very long wait time.Be safe, people!
Not the best but good enough when real protection isn't necessary. Plenty of room for the scoped rifle I bought it for.
This holster keeps the weapon too far away from the body.  It doesn't feel snug or secure.  It may be suitable for some but not for me.  Seems to be decently constructed though.
The holster was very comfortable to wear and fit the gun nicely.  There is no issue with the gun falling out at all. The gun was very hard to unholster. There is a proper way to remove, and practice is needed to learn how to use the holster.  Using your other hand to hold the holster helped.  It is designed like this to keep anyone else from upholstering your weapon.  Only straight up &#34;snappy&#34; pulling of the gun will get it out.  Very nice holster if you can learn the proper technique.  I would have kept the holster, but I could not get the hang of it.
First time in archery so I don't have any idea yet on the sports. As a beginner, I feel that this is a nice paper target to put in front of thick styrofoam...
How well this performs longevity-wise will depend upon what it's attached to.  If you put it directly on a hay bale it will tear and rip apart.  Cardboard?  Maybe a little better but I'd rather spend extra $$ and get a reinforced target that will handle many more arrows.These will deteriorate rather quickly but that is how they're priced.  If you shoot a lot you will go soon equal or exceed what you might spend on a better, solid target.Hint!!!  Buy a large, burlap coffee bean sack.  Then drive behind a supermarket and grab a huge bag of plastic wrapping, the kind that is used to cover or shrink wrap pallets of merchandise.  (The markets stuff this into big plastic bags for recycling and put it behind the store with all the recycling, cardboard, etc.)  Go to a craft store and get twine and a big needle.  Stuff the burlap sack full and sew it shut.  This will stop target arrows like you wouldn't believe!!  It is about the size of an elk's body, too.  You can attach targets of your choice.  I have a couple sacks done this way.  The bags cost me $1 each.  Plus they are very, very light so you can bring them indoors if rain is forecast.
There is little description included with the product. Know that you are getting two paper targets that arrive folded up into quarters. Almost $7.00 plus shipping seems expensive for paper. I though I would at least be getting something that a arrow would stick into. These must be mounted over foam before you can even use them.
These are nice looking archery targets but they are a lot  of money for what you get. My grandson shoots nerf guns at them. If you really need a target, (I did) then they are pretty good
The rubber knife is a rubber knife... the only bad part is that the &#34;silver&#34; rubs off really easily... an hour after taking the knife out of the packaging I saw that the knife had rubbed a bunch of silver paint on my pant leg; it wasn't a big deal, but now the fake knife looks like a black rubber knife instead of a fake knife... oh well, it was cheap and fun.  maybe a can of spray paint will bring back the &#34;silver look&#34;
Its cheap, and it shows. The silver paint on the blade is not believable and the black rubber kinda shows through. Mine was slightly bent when it showed up and never really did straighten out well.
I used this knife for a film and looked fine on camera, but while using it in a fighting scene, the blade part ripped off.We are unsure if it was just that one unit, or if its not that durable. It is made out of rubber and feels like a really good quality rubber.We purchased 2 more just in case, and they did not break.One con if you use it for a movie, the blade part often bends and is hard to make it strait.Overall, whether you use it for combat training, film or stage, you will enjoy this product.
I have been into the blade arts for more than fifty years and I have bought numerous training knives over the years I have been teaching knife handling and knife defense tactics.  I bought several pairs of these (Curved Rubber Knife) models in the past and I have often used them in training.  They proved to be okay but less durable than other rubber training models in my collection.I found that the grip and guard portion were okay but that the blade portion quickly lost its solid rubber shape after hard use.  In fact it flopped around after hard use.  Nevertheless, they can still be used for basic thrusting and slashing techniques in the air to get the feel of each movement.In conclusion, this is a rubber training knife that you might want to consider purchasing for some basic knife handling and knife defense practice, but I advise you to use other more sturdy rubber models if you intend to do any hard knife Vs knife sparring and other intense knife practice.Rating:  3 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Use of the Monadnock Straight Baton (MEB)program)
This is too flexible to use in an airsoft war. However, it is well made, comfortable, and fits well in my Tactical Tailor vest.
I've extensively used several pairs of shimano clipless pedals.  These particular pedals work great and all of the metal in them works perfectly and has great longevity and durability.  However! the plastic cage breaks rather easily.  Supposedly they are replaceable, but I have not found the replacements.  if you're using these for mountain biking or they  might otherwise strike rocks, go with the 545's.  I own those too and they work quite well.
I was pleasantly surprised. I took my lead from another reviewer and ordered two. Both were OK but one was clearly thicker and straighter than the other. The wood was still fresh enough to straighten (wax wood eh...) Also, the wood seems to have been collected correctly so there is no splitting at the branch nodes. All in all, I plan to order more.Even though the thickness is as advertised and the straightness is acceptable, I had hoped that one of the two I ordered might be the equal of a pole I bought a long time ago from Brendan Lai. No such luck, hence four stars. Maybe next time.FYI, 200 grit paper gives the poles a smooth sliding surface after a couple of dozen passes.-------------------------------------Time passes. It is now November 18, 2011.Since writing the review above I've ordered two more poles. I've downgraded the rating to three stars for two reasons. One of the poles has started to shed "saw dust" from a lot of little holes, meaning it's infested. Out of the four poles I've ordered, only two of the poles were thick enough to be useful to me. Sadly, the infested pole was one of the good ones.At this point I'm looking for a better source.
I bought two of these based on a review that said they were inconsistent.  The review was spot-on, and I bought them, even knowing I would have a lot of work to do.  I have been able to straighten them somewhat by wetting and steaming, and have sanded one to get rid of the knot bumps, and, for the work, they are usable, if not "performance grade."I would take the chance again, since for the martial arts I practice (Tai Chi Chuan), spear forms are a high-level exercise.  The spears have a heavier point, and these would otherwise be ideal, if they were something thicker.  I suppose it counts on how many are in the "batch" received from China, and when one buys.  I'm still hoping I can get them worked out.
For the price I paid, I really could have just gone to a store and gotten a much nicer one.
This worked fine with my Cruiser bike (thick, mountain-bike type tires) as long as it lasted, but a single drop from about 3 feet was all it took to break the nozzle attachment and render it unusable.Pro:attaches tightly w/o damagin the Schrader nozzle I've used it onCon::-takes a good many pumps, almost as many as you'd need w/ a small portable pump, to get the tires ideally inflated, even on thick tires like mine-as noted, not sturdy.
When i bought this shoe, what i had in mind were the following:-Flexible: The thin sole made it very flexible.-affordability: It costed me only around 20 bucks so it is very affordable.-no heel: there wasn't much of a heel-space for toes: sadly this is were this shoe and many others fail to measure up, the toe box is pretty tapered. A girl may not have problems, but for me, i ordered a 44. the shoe was slighter longer for my feet, but the toe box was too narrow.i had this shoe for about 3 months and i wear them without socks giving my toes some room, but if it had a different shape, i would have given it a higher rating.
For the price, these are surprisingly well performing shoes. The toe box was a little too narrow and took me a couple of month to break in and stop feeling pain. The rounded sole was strange at first but I got used to it after a while. I used them for minimum &#34;barefoot&#34; style running training. The cushion is just about right and they are good as transition shoes from regular running shoes to more minimum barefoot style shoes.The biggest issue is their durability. After moderate use (1 to 3 time a week 5km jogging) one of the outsole started splitting in 6 months. After one year the insole also split and now my foot is exposed to the pavement.  It's all depends how and how much you use them but I would say these shoes last for 6 months. If you are cheap like me you could push it may be one year with the shoes with big hole. The upper canvas held up OK but the rubber sole material is not very durable.I am not sure why no other reviewer has mentioned this issue. May be because of my barefoot style running bends the sole more and cause splitting. I don't know. But I also think most of the people review the products soon after their purchase when they are excited about them and do not come back to update their review to report the long time durability.Normally, Nike or New Balance running shoes last me 3 to 4 years (at least). List prices were like $80-100 but I bought them on sale so I spent something around $50-60. Now, which are cheaper? Big name sports shoes or Feiyu? It's your call.Pros:-Cheap (less than $20)-Zero drop (no stacked heel)-Soft, flexible-Minimum. (No arch support etc.)-Great grip on dry surface-Good amount of cushion. Not too little, not too much. Good transitions shoes if you want to try out barefoot style shoes.-Can be worn with or without socksCons:-Sole not durable. Started splitting in 6 monthes.-Toe box a little narrow. Needs some break in time-A little heavy for minimum shoes.-Insole is a bit thick and heavy and cannot be removed
These shoes are not the classic shoes used by most Parkour/Freerunning individuals.  They are, however, an acceptable, inexpensive sustitute.  They are a little less flexible and probably will wear out a little faster.
I ordered these to wear during workouts (WiiFit, Tae-Bo, and Yoga).  I ordered a 38EU, which should have been a bit small, if anything, according to the sizing chart.  Not so.  They are actually about a size (or 1 1/2 size) too big.  It's a shame, because they seem to be nice, otherwise, and would be great for working out.  Lightweight, and seem to be well made.  I'm going to give them to my sister, who should be able to fit them.
Before I bring up the issues I had with these shoes, I wanted to stress that they are delightful for wearing around the house. They're flexible and comfortable, and I almost forget that I am wearing them. I wish I could say the same thing about wearing these outside...Every step you make on any rough surface is rather harsh - and I'm not even talking about stepping on rocks or anything ... just concrete itself. It's not so bad if you're not traveling far, but if you are - you really begin to notice the Earth's gravity pummeling your foot down to the ground with each step. It's kind of like being barefoot with just a thin sheet of rubber to protect your feet. My feet got sore long before I got to where I was traveling...it made me realize just how important it is to have shoes with very thick soles, even if you gotta pay 50 dollars or more for them, it's worth the money. They'll last 5 times longer than these, and they won't make your feet sore, or get blisters... (in my case.) I had to take the foot pads out of the inside of an old pair of tennis shoes to make them a little more bearable to walk around in. Considering the discomfort of merely walking on cement - you can forget using these for martial arts, unless you're in a dojo, or basketball court or something. They've gotten torn apart within less than 3 weeks just by walking around and some occasional martial arts practice in soft sand. The soles on the shoes just aren't strong enough. But I can't complain too much. These are some dirt-cheap shoes and they've served me well while they've lasted.Pros -- Extremely affordable- Suitable hybrid between slippers and tennis shoes that are appropriate for use for indoor training or on forgiving terrain. They feel much nicer compared to walking barefoot inside in my opinion.- You can increase the longevity of both the shoes and your feet by using them in sand or perhaps indoors. Otherwise, prepare to damage both very quickly.Cons -- The sizing options were confusing, and caused a bit of hassle to look up online. On top of that I had to order the largest size they had and even that size is snug.- Not durable. I've had these a little less than a month and there's already a hole in one of them. I am shocked they couldn't handle such light abuse for being renowned martial art shoes. I am almost positive they would have been destroyed within days if I trained with these on concrete like I normally do.- Painful. Hurts to step on rocks, or to climb on boulders that aren't smooth. I suggest doing what I did and take the padding out of an old shoe to put in and wear extra thick socks to help alleviate the discomfort.Conclusion -Good deal - the best price I've seen on a pair of shoes...ever..which is the only thing keeping me from giving it 2 stars. I've paid more for beach sandals. The price was too good to be true though...these aren't gonna last long, especially for a martial artist, even if they took precautions with them like I did. Still if you're on a budget..they're better than nothing.
- Using these 1&#34; weight plates with the 1&#34; EZ bar from the same company.- It's a cost effective solution, the weights feel true to weight or close enough that I didn't feel the need to weight them on a scale or anything.- Issue I had is they marked the floor very easily. I placed the EZ bar down with the weight on it on a basement floor with flooring over it, and it marked the floor with paint from the weight plate. I wasn't pleased with this. Therefore I have the weights on a yoga mat to prevent this issue. It's not a deal breaker because you can get yourself up with an EZ bar set that doesn't break the bank, but just be aware of that little issue.- Amazon Prime quick delivery and the pricing makes it easy to add more weight plates when needed.
Although the price was good, I would have been willing to spend a bit more to get plates that don't leave annoying flecks of black paint everywhere. This tendency makes them unsightly and inconvenient but they serve their purpose when screwed onto the end of dumbbell handles. All things considered, I would advise buying something different if your budget allows.
These came from a very worn mold.  Sloppy finish, the CAP is barely readable.  But, hey, its a weight plate, not a end table.  For five stars, the quality would need to be better.  The packaging on th 50's was very nice.  The packaging on the 25's was very poor and the plates actually broke out of the box on both weights.
Mine arrived in yesterday, they are OK except some paint problems, some areas are scratched a lot...but they serve as weight plates as they are advertized.They are not as good as expensive plates for sure, and they are NOT supposed to be.If you need some weight, with limited budget, these plates will work well for you as far as you do not use them for Olympic bars.
Okay so your cold, it's gonna get colder, you need fire and your matches are soaked...  You probably wont care how long it takes to get one going.PROS:It works!  If you have the time and patience to sit there and scrape the side of this little wonder for 20 or 30 minutes until you have enough shavings to get started, it WILL get you a fire going.  You'll need a pile big enough to cover between a quarter and a half dollar.  Once you have it the flint striker does wonders as the pile will flash after just a few quick strikes.  Make sure your tinder is already covering it or only a second away as the magnesium burns quite hot but also quite fast!  With some basic fire builders skills you'll be warm in no time.CONS:Time, collection, noise, knives, and wind...  As I mensioned, 20 to 30 mins to get a pile big enough to burn.  Add to that the time it takes to find wood and tinder and this could be an all evening process.  Trying to collect these little shavings into a pile is kind of a pain.  Though a little trick I thought of works well.  Lay down a coffee filter and use that to collect them.  The filter doubles as added starter.  Even wet the filter wont hinder the burn ability of the magnesium.  Noise, for the duration of the scrapting your have to listen to a very loud squeek with every pass of your knife.  Just think metal on metal.  Speaking of knives, your going to have to dull a knife doing this.  So I recommend carrying a "cheap" lock blade just for this purpose. (Not too cheap though, as the cheapest in my collection actually got a notch carved in it by the magnesium and you do want a locking mechanesem that can withstand the downward pressure your going to have to put on it.) The final issue is any firestarter's worst enemy.  Wind...  Gathering a pile of shavings is tough enough but having them blow away is just insult to injury.  So if there's any breeze at all, you might consider doing this from inside a tent or shelter.This truely is a survival tool but one worth having.  If your outdoors in the fall or spring without a fire you'll spend every sleepless minute of that seemingly never-ending cold night wondering what made you decide NOT to get a flint and magnesium fire starter.
it is awesome to be able to shave the magnesium and spark it for fire, however the fling is sunk deeplu into the magnesium so I am not sure of how long you can reasonable use the flint.
* * * * * * * Unfortunately, it didn't work with my magazine! * * * * * * * *
Not sure what I was expecting but it seems to be very flimsy but again it is suppose to be collapsable.  I tossed the packaging before reading it and am not sure if I am suppose to poke a hole in it so it can breath and let the water out.  Comes in handy around the camp though and was glad I had it for camping this summer!
What's to say - this is an OEM HP ink cartridge from HP.  It performs exactly as you'd expect.  The price from amazon is good.  The only way you'll typically beat their price on this is either buying in bulk at a warehouse club (and why do you want so many cartridges for printers that become obsolete so fast) or to buy a remanufacturered cartridge or ink kit, which can be messy and sometimes impact print quality if you get low end stuff.
These rod ends are OK and will do the job, but they are very pricey compared to some others I have found. If you don't need the &#34;name&#34; shop around. I have found a two pack of &#34;no name&#34; for under a dollar.
The problem I had with this product is that the silicone grease would migrate out of the jar and start to spread all over my workbench and I hadn't even used it!I received the item in a plastic bag. When removing the jar from the bag I noticed that the grease had leaked out of the jar so I cleaned it all up and tightened the lid on the jar then set it aside.Two weeks later, I go to use the grease and there is a big silicone grease spot about 6&#34; wide underneath the unmoved jar!If I couldn't contain the product in the jar with a tightly closed lid then I would not use this SG on my equipment.I ended up throwing it away!
Overall a decent quality cooler. I am a bit disappointed by the insulation, two bags of ice melted to water within about 3 hours in the sun. will work for a afternoon of outdoor-ing but no good if you want to go camping and keep meat or drinks cool for more than half a day.
These do NOT snap together like what they say they do - no knobs whatsoever. I purchased 3 in hopes of making a "brick" but there is no way of connecting these like it says you can. I really dislike receiving something that is different than what is described but they are ice packs, so not really a big deal. These are also smaller than expected and measure 6-3/4" long, 3-1/2" wide, and 1-1/2" thick.EDIT:Picture finally corrected 05/2014 -
I had seen the multiple 5 star ratings for these socks, and thought they must be worth the $20+ pricetag for a pair.  I have had wool socks from a number of establishments and I compared the smartwool socks to them.Smartwool socks are slightly thicker than some of my other socks.Smartwool socks are not the most comfortable socks I own.  I have a couple of pairs from Bass Pro Shops that were in the $10 range that I enjoy much more.  I think this is just a personal preference, and the BPS socks have more elastic, and are not as thick as the SW.Overall, the socks are well made, and do everything wool socks are supposed to do. They just don't do anything dramatically better than other brands.
This seems to do the job for minor scents, but won't put a dent in the nastier smells. I bought it to combat the horrendous odors coming from my Vibram FiveFingers. It did next to nothing in that regard. I have tried both the spray-bottle method and the dip-tub method. Neither seems more effective than the other. For most other light-duty jobs, I feel like Febreeze will do just as well.If it smells bad enough, give it a legit wash. An &#34;odor eliminator&#34; isn't going to solve all your woes. Silly me for thinking it would.
This worked on my wicking underwear.  It did not work on sneakers or hiking shoes.  I may be asking too much of the product.
Solid box, well built carried mine all over the world in the back of my packSERIOUS FLAW the glue that holds the &#34;CLIPS&#34; in failed for me and I had to reglue them. It stays well closed and sealed properly but it has fallen off twice while opening and closing so be aware
I would buy on of these if you are a diver.  They are a little ticker then they need to be but easy to follow and fill in.
I often work long days and need to pack up breakfast, lunch and dinner in an easy-carry tote with snacks. This is perfect for that, or to carry refreshments to a party. The insulation keeps beverages cold or hot as needed longer than a non-insulated tote and it's lightweight.It's also very nice that it has an opening on the top so you can reach in and grab a drink without unzipping the whole thing.Why not 5 stars? You will need to use a coldpack for your cold items in order to keep it cold long-term or to keep your bevs at optimum temperature--you can't use ice in this. Because of the opening of the liner at the zipper and the stitching, ice melting caused leakage. The manufacturer says it's not waterproof and, granted, it doesn't state that it is...however I do have another bag in the same price range that has a heavy duty plastic liner that allows it to be waterproof as well...so, since this technology is out there, I do wish this bag allowed for me to use ice too for beverage travel. However, I can live with a cold pack for toting my food.Conclusion: handy and light to carry. Good insulation. But the addition of the heavy duty plastic on top of the thin liner would have made it waterproof which would have been a real bonus if you want to fill it with ice. Look for leakage after several hours if you put in ice (bummer)...but for a quick trip it won't leak.
I've owned one before and really like it (I still use it), but this one seem way more slippery. I also don't particularly like the color.
Manduka is known for the best yoga mats. They claim for your mat to last you a lifetime, and probably it will. The mat is very sturdy and thick, but is really really heavy. So if your planning to carry it with you to the studio or yoga retreat you probably want something lighter like the Prana high-end mat instead. The manduka was a bit slippery at first (as expected since they announce this on the label) but it gets sticky with time. I bought the standard long, but should've gone with the longer version (ouh). I use it for other types of exercise besides yoga since it is very tough.
Stand alone a very good matt. The Jade Fusion is significantly better.  For the people whining about the weight, why are you exercising anyways? Just shut up and lay in bed you weak whiners. With that said the Jade Fusion is a much better matt.
I am an avid yogi and looked to get a new mat.  This mat is reasonably priced but I needed a thicker mat that was firm since  being a big guy.  Overall, this is a great mat and would recommend it for everyone, except someone like me who needs a mat that is firmer to the ground.
My cat and I have been spending a lot of time lately arguing over who gets to use my generic yoga mat.  Since she wins out more often than I do, I decided to purchase a new mat and let her have the old one (or at least hope she would let me use one of the two).  I read lots of reviews and, despite being hesitant on the high price, decided to spring for the Manduka Prolite in purple.  Upon removing it from the packaging, I noticed right away that it is thicker, firmer and better quality than my old cheap mat.  I also noticed that it has a distinctive and (to me) annoying odor.  Hoping that will fade with time, but after being stretched out on the floor for several days, the smell is currently still lingering.  Have used the mat a handful of times now and my initial impressions are mixed.  Although it is definitely a higher quality than the mats you would typically pick up in a local big box store, I'm so far not convinced that it is worth the high price tag.  Time will tell...
I think most of the reviews on the Manduka site are either filtered and/or done by crazed yoga practitioners who buy into the Manduka brand. With that being said, I think the ProLite is a solid mat. Prior to purchasing the ProLite I was practicing with a thin Gaiam mat, which was good but was hurting my joints. I couldn't take it anymore and at the urging of my instructors and friends (who know that I practice at least 6-8 times a week), they recommended I upgrade to a more expensive, quality mat. I researched through almost all the mats I could think of (from Lululemon, Jade, Prana, etc) before I finally decided that I should get the ProLite.What I like about the ProLite is that, unlike my Gaiam (which I still keep as it was my first), it's supportive when I do floor work but not super thick that I lose my balance. I no longer feel my bones digging through the mat and onto the hardwood floor. I don't know how people say that this mat "improved" their practice, but I can say that it definitely feels a lot better when I get into floor twists and Savasasana. It's also a quality mat for restorative yoga; it's grippy enough and I feel comfortable and safe when I do my gentle poses. The mat sticks to the floor, which I find so, so important; I've seen other mats (as well as my own gaiam) shift around during practice which is so frustrating and annoying. Also, because it's got its closed-cell surface, you don't have to worry as much about yucky germs like you would with other mats (although I do clean my mats frequently as I'm a germaphobe). I also love that Manduka has a lifelong warranty behind their Pro mats; I can't find that with any other companies! Their customer service is also like no other; they definitely care about their clients. I also find that the more I practice with the ProLite, the more enamored I am with it!Now for the not-so-great qualities. This mat isn't super heavy (unlike the Pro, which I was also considering, but decided against as I am a petite 5'4" Asian woman, hahaha) but the 4 lbs definitely took a while to get used to lugging around, especially since I used to practice on a lighter mat. I don't know how Manduka touts this as a "travel" mat because it definitely isn't. Maybe for the die-hard yogini who needs a spare from their Black Mat Pro but not for me. And like everyone has said...this mat is slippery. Manduka says it's takes about 1-3 months of regular practice to "break in" your mat. I practice everyday, washed my mat with seasalt, and clean my mat regularly, and this mat is still slippery. I actually don't feel safe doing my inversions or deep stretches on this mat without a towel. Even if I'm doing a beginner's hatha class, I can't seem to go through the entire hour without using my standby towel because my hands eventually get sweaty. I will say it HAS gotten grippy over time, but for intense vinyasa sessions I can't go all the way through without my towel.I've also known people who've had their mats for more than a year and it's still slippery. And their mats look much more broken in than mine does.In any case, I don't regret my purchase and I do think that the Pro series is one of the best mats around. I wouldn't trade my mat for any other brand (as I think their mats' flaws are worse than Manduka's mats). But for anyone who's considering purchasing this mat, I'd take heed of some of the quality issues and whether you can justify them for your practice. For several others (including myself), I definitely could.
Wish it were louder easily mounted on bike bar, good quality, looks nice But it could be a bit louder I'll put it on my Grandsons trike. I need a Loud bell!
This bell is just ok.  It just make a sound when pressed, but the &#34;ring ring&#34; is a little bit depressing.  I don't think that it would be too difficult to find something better.
Well, what can I say, it's a bicycle bell.  First of all it's not red, it's more of a maroon color, doesn't match the color on my Kettler trike.  Mostly plastic except bell housing.  I looked at a friends 2 year old kettler with bell on it and his bell has the Kettler name on it.  This one doesn't say anything.  It comes in a celophane bag with a paper tag on it stating it's made in China.I think I could of bought an equal or better bell at any chain/toy/bike shop.  Not real loud.  After reading the previous reviews I thought it was going to be the greatest bell ever made.  On well, my 16 month grandson loves it and that's what counts, but I would look around before purchasing this &#34;Genuine&#34; Kettler bell.
I bought this based on so many positive reviews, it is not as useful as I had thought, the attachment to my BCD was awkward.The filling was not very easy, I couldn't get a good seal and kept leaking out, I will keep trying to see if I can figure it out.The breather really do not work well on its own, it is very hard to draw. I find that I need to depress the top if I want to get air, in such case it is ok. I tried it for testing at 65', I guess it is helpful if you are really in a jam but it only gives you few breath, of course that could mean everything......
Call me paranoid but these things seemed like a good idea.  A self contained air supply good enough to get back to the surface.  Everything arrived as described and on time.  Quality appears high. I also purchased the optional screw in air gauge.  It's not very convenient to mount on my BC jacket (actually it's a pain to mount it where its accessible and yet not in the way).  It also loses air pressure over time so it has to be checked/refilled before every dive session (not every dive but I'd recommend checking it if you haven't for a couple of weeks).  It's also been handy for a quick shallow dive to inspect underwater hull damage.  Overall I'm pleased with my purchase.
The chalk comes half broken half chunks. Doesnt stick too well if u just stick ur hand in there and start rubbing it on ur hands, and it flies all over the place. What i did was put maybe a few grams in a bag and stuck a sock in there to rub my hands on. that seemed to help me get the chalk on. The chalk still flies everywhere no matter how much i try to keep my hands in the bag. the chalks cheap and it came in a canister, but im assuming most chalk is cheap so i cant say its good for the price.
I ended up cutting little slits in the ball so I could get more chalk on my hands.  for gyms that require the balls instead of loose chalk its good to have so they don't get butt hurt. I like the idea of rolling it around in my hands as well to get the chalk on my palms.
This is totally my fault for not paying attention to the posted size. I thought these would be longer to use as top roping anchors. Not really, they're a little bigger than wrist size. Well, good addition to my rack... but not what I needed.
I used these walking to work, step and squeeze, step and squeeze. 3 stars because they work fine, but I am stupid and should have (and have) made my own grip squeeze  things out of closed cell stiff foam packing material to involve the THUMB as well as the fingers. When will we learn?
I would prefer more tension.  You have to squeeze this device many times to get a workout because the tension is so low.  I would prefer a much more firm, harder to squeeze ring.  Perhaps if you had smaller, or weaker hands, this might be okay for you.I am a 5' 10" man of about 180 lbs.  I recently had surgery that limited my strenght severly and even before getting my hand strenght back, I could probably squeeze this 40 or 50 times...Perhaps this is a good step device if you could get different rings with disimilar levels of firmness, or tention.It is rather boring, and tedious to tell you the truth.I like my Gryo Spinner I bought much better.  It is more fun, and gives a better workout much quicker.
I sprayed this on my Carthartt insulated coveralls and hood. I was blowing snow at 40mph when I went to clear the driveway with my snowblower. When the wind shifted, I was covered in snow head to foot. I worked for over 2 hours and went inside for a break. My coveralls were completely caked with snow and I left them to hang. A few minutes later the snow had melted, and my coveralls were only a little moist, the bulk of the water just rolled off. A quick tumble in the dryer had them dry and toasty. So, yes it does work.Except, the coveralls have a distinct vinegary odor even after I tumbled them. So, If you are going to be wearing anything indoors or if you don't want any odors, I suggest looking for another product.
I used this on my outdoor patio cushions. At first, it seemed to work just fine as the water did bead up. However, on cushions that lie flat, the water would just bead up and sit there. Eventually that water will either evaporate or slowly soak into the fabric. So, some days it would evaporate if it was a light rain, but several days of rain pretty much nixed any results I was seeing.I suppose if I reapplied it every couple of weeks I might get better results. However, since it took the entire bottle to cover the cushions in the first place, and since it's kind of pricey, I don't see that as a viable option.
This scope worked well for almost two years but then the reticle began to rotate, I. It was mounted first on a .22 mag and then switched to a .22 LR. Never dropped or used hard, mostly bench shooting. Not a bad scope for the price but once the reticle moved on it, it was junk.
Worked great for a bit on my AR. One peice came a part but I was able to fix it. I quickly realized what a quality optic can do for someone. So I sold this back to a local store for store credit (sorry) and picked up some magpul back ups until my Eotech showed up from Impactguns.com
I prefer the hex head to flat or crosstip screws but this seems like a lot of hardware for a simple scope mount.It does the job though.
decent scope, but for the price  the scope should have covers, at least cheap ones.
I bought this on the reviews and price.It's decent quality but as stated by many reviews, the magnification at 8-9 is not clear.It does not come with a mount and the lame thing are the lens covers. They are plastic caps held on by an elastic band.It's a decent scope for the range. I can barely see the hits at 100yds, but it's way better than the 4x!
I mounted this scope on a .44 mag break action.  It took several shots to get it on the paper at 25 yards, but after that, getting to 50 then to 100 yards was not difficult at all.  I agree with one of the other reviewers, the power adjustment is very difficult to turn (rubber).  However, once it was turned up, the magnification was good enough for me.  After about 50 shots, there was no problems noted.
This B-Square Level for Weaver type mounts or rails is OK. There on no more works I can use to express my rating !
I bought one of these same brands/styles of spare mag holsters for use with my single-stack and 9mm double-stack mags, and it has worked GREAT. When I bought a Glock 30 and I wanted to carry a Glock 21 magazine as a backup, but it was too big to fit in the same holster, I ordered one of these, expecting it to be more of the same. And it was ... sorta ... but not quite.The material and construction quality is just as good as the other one I bought before this in a different size, which is to say that it's great. It's easy on and easy off, and it doesn't jab you in the leg, thigh, stomach, side, or back as you go about the day, unlike most vertically-oriented spare mag holders.The problem here is that they put the Velcro loop that attaches it to the belt too far toward one end of the holster. If you put this on your hip, this causes the whole assembly to stick out farther from your waistline than it does with the same brand/type of holster in the next size down, which hugs itself closer to your waistline (because the loop is closer to the centerline of the magazine). There is only so much you can do to adjust the Velcro closure to put it closer to center, so it really doesn't help. As such, it only kinda-sorta works for me. It's definitely better than most vertical spare mag carriers go, but compared to Safariland's 123 sized for standard 9mm/.40 S&W; double-stack and .45 ACP single-stack mags ... it's close, but not quite good enough. Wound up going back to my Remora spare mag holster in my weak-side rear pocket.
of course its better to carry a spare mag than none but this pouch is bulkier than i thought it would be. like one review stated that it prints more than my iwb holster and pistol and its the same in my case. i'm probably gonna keep it but 3 stars for fast shipping.
This is fine.  I think the concealment capabilities are over emphasized.  It is nice that it sits horizontally but the stock Glock magazine carrier is far easier to conceal - at least for a more slender build.  Is is perfectly serviceable but I was surprised how bulky the material is.  I'll keep it but I'm using the stock carrier day-to-day.
I had a situtiation last year were I could have used this, so I bought it. I feel a little silly having it on the front of my kayak and I'm the only one out there with one but I also know if I ever have to use it someone is going to be very thankful I had it. I'm big on safty on all my boats (I have six fishing row boats) and I'm 69 years old so I don't mind looking a bit silly. I also carry a sump-pump, a light tow rope and a small first aid kit.
Title says it. I have to carry rectangular yard signs measuring 40"x24". I know the box is tapered at the bottom, but at worst I figured I would have to put some stuff in the bottom to bring the signs up to the part that is 25" wide.No dice. The cardboard box this came in measures 53.5"x24.5"x12.5", so I don't know how Thule came up with 54x25. (The 15" height seems to be fairly accurate for the exterior) I can understand being off an inch  due to interior vs exterior dimensions, but the exterior width is an inch less than what it says on the box.I'm taking dimensional photos to add to this listing, and I'll be returning this to Amazon.
So this is what I needed and the size is just fine for our needs. I don't need to re-hash what others have stated about size and assembly. The issues I have with this are as follows:- the assembly is challenging for one person, but do-able.- the hinge screws have cap inserts for the plastic cap covers to attach to. The problem is the included screws were larger than what was obviously intended by the designers so the cap covers cannot be attached.- the included u-bolts for attaching the carrier to the roof rails have zero padding or anything to prevent marring or help keep things together. It would be so simple to dip them in a rubberized material. I will use duct tape - just one layer.- the knobs that contain the nuts to attach the u-bolts are set up exceedingly poorly. The nuts are more than 1/4 inch up inside the knobs - this means that with my factory roof rails on my Mini, the knobs cannot attach to the u-bolts. This is completely ridiculous. I had to go to the hardware store for 6mm lock washers and wing nuts in order to attach the carrier to the roof rack. This was the biggest issue. Why in the world would the designers make an item and purposely lose the critical amount of space to be able to attach it as required. So I had to spend extra time and money to ensure I could actually use the product. By the way, the u-bolts are 6mm by 1 metric.Once I was able to get the carrier attached I found it to be very useful and just what was needed. This would easily be a four or five star review if THULE would fix the issues with parts.UPDATE - 10 Jan 14We drove 500 miles with the carrier yesterday - no problems at all. No appreciable wind noise and connections (as modified above) held just fine.I can definitely recommend this little carrier - again the problems with hardware are the main reason for losing a star or two. This could so easily be a five-star product.
I figured the higher price for this chair would translate into a more comfortable ride. Not so. This Kayak chair is more uncomfortable than the one Ocean Kayak sells for less. The extra cargo pouch is nice, though. If you're only a recreational Kayaker (3 - 4 hour trips), then this Kayak chair might be able to justify it's spike in price since it does offer a pouch, but for trips that last 6 - 10 hours, get ready for pain.Update: 10/02/13: I really don't like this seat. Took a friend out on the Kayak so I used it again. The inside padding came out and absorbed the sea water like a sponge and made the seat about 5lbs heavier. Took 3 days of drying on the line and squeezing the water out to bring the seat back to a normal weight.
I like these socks, but found a better pair on for a lot cheaper.  15=20 mm\hh is sufficient and I ended up using the +MD brand that I found on ebay.
the goal and net seem sturdy, and I'm happy with the weight and finish.But if you look at the instructions carefully (see customer image) you'll see that the part numbers and instructions don't match up at all, it tells you to connect parts to parts that are not adjacent or parts to their own part ##.Ours also had 2 of the same top pole, so the metal pole holes did not match up with the pins in the other poles. A drill quickly added 2 holes in the right space and everything ended up fitting.It also came with an extra part, a round black plastic piece about 2 in diameter. It's not in the parts list, and I can't find anywhere on the net to attach it.It comes with velcro, but doesn't say where to put it. Maybe I'm dense, but I like instructions to be at least accurate, if not useful.
I'VE WORN WIGWAMS FOR A LONG TIME, BUT IN THE HEAVY WOOL VARIETY.  THIS IS MY FIRST EXPERIENCE WITH THE LIGHTER SOCKS.  I WEAR AN XL (13EE) SHOE AND FIGURED THE SOCK WOULD BE XL AS WELL.  THE LENGTH IS ACCEPTABLE BUT THE ANKLE/CALF PORTION IS TIGHT ON ME.  IF I WERE SEDENTARY--LIKE ON AN AIRPLANE TRIP--I THINK I PROBABLY WOULD CHOOSE SOMETHING ELSE TO AVOID POSSIBLE CONSTRICTION AND/OR SWELLING.
I cannot get used to this thing.  I have a handle bar mirror on my road bike and bought this for my touring bike.  I love my handlebar mirror but I cannot get used to this.  Maybe if I give it time.  A quick glance will let you know if there is a car behind you but you cannot focus long enough to see a bike, multiple cars, colors, etc.  If all you use this for is a quick glance, then it does what it is supposed to do.  I linger looking into it and after a ride my eyes hurt and I have a minor headache.  I may be spoiled after using a handlebar mirror.  I could not mount a handlebar mirror on my touring bike, thus I bought this.
Got this for my wife, I use a handlebar mirror myself. First of all the adhesive holding the mirror to the helmet is very temporary. If fell off while my wife was riding but was not damaged. Resolved this by cementing the base on to the helmet with urethane cement (Aquaseal). Then after a couple of months the wire in the arm broke. Replaced the broken wire with an old stainless steel spoke. Then the ball joint broke. Permanently attached the mirror to the arm (spoke) with steel wire. Then mirror fell out of its mount. Fortunately my wife saw it fall out and recovered it. Cemented this in place with urethane cement. Now after all of that repair activity I moved the mirror to my wife's newest helmet and its been good for about 3 years with no further repair or work. A good design that would be a whole lot better made with more durable materials and better adhesives. Oh well.
It's not the most stylish or comfortable helmet, but it gets the job done where it counts. The settings seem to be right in the middle of either too tight or too loose, but overall it's okay.
fairly comfortable, but two of the plastic covers on the back of the helmet fell off during transit. I don't think I can use super glue as it may melt the foam, so I'll try Elmer's glue.and probably as a result of the price, much of the padding inside seems to be attached solely by little patches of velcro.
This IS a large helmet and is adjustable, but its made for a round type head. Unfortunately I have a large oval shaped dome, which meant modification was needed. I took a knife and reshaped the front and back foam so that it fit correctly.I did not experience the loose plastic shells that other reviewers have mentioned. They seem well glued on.In short, its an okay helmet. If you have a round shaped skull then this will probably work out well for you with no modification needed. Its cheap, it does the job, and it keeps my head much cooler (and safer) than a ballcap.
The plastic side pieces fell off when I barely touched them. Also, the plastic on top was about 1/2 way off. This if the way the helmet came. I did as others and super-glued the plastic pieces back on and it seems OK now, but what part of China assembled this thing?Today I went to Wal-Mart to find a helmet for my wife. They had several of these Schwinn Thrasher helmets. To my surprise, the plastic was loose on every one of them, just like mine. They won't make it to the check out counter before falling off! The other Schwinn helmet models at Wal-Mart didn't have this problem, only the Thrasher.I bought my wife a Bell impulse, which seems like a better quality helmet, and much more practical looking for her (I don't think she would like the Star Wars look).I suppose that the Thrasher helmet itself will serve its purpose OK and it was cheap as helmets go, so I'm not sorry for my purchase. It fits well enough and all. I guess I am more humored than anything, to think that a name brand company like Schwinn could sell something this consistently faulty.
I guess it's not all that bad, but I've had it for little over a year and I mean it does what it's supposed to...I assume as I haven't had a spill where I've bumped my coconut.  The styling is flimsy as I've had to glue the thin plastic cover onto the foam helmet and even lost the side after a rain ride.  It's definitely better than nothing.  It should fit most size heads.I would probably spend a few more bucks and get a better one.
Fit is a little big for my head, even with adjustment.  Also the plastic covering the styrofoam needs to be glued down in a few places.  I'll use it as a backup helmet, but ultimately decided to get something that fit better by trying it on in a store first.
I bought this helmet from a Walmart about 3 months ago. I use it probably 3 times a week for about an hour or two each ride. Never crashed or dropped it or anything, its either been in the house for storing or on my head during bike rides. Despite this, it is falling apart; the design piece on the outside has warped due to heat, 1 of the black pieces on the rear outside of the helmet has fallen off, and half of the foam inserts inside have fallen off (adhesive is not good). The visor also randomly kicks up while riding. Its an ok helmet but don't expect it to look new after a while. Despite these faults, which are mostly cosmetic, its still a decent helmet. Its easy to adjust, the vents keep my head cool, but most importantly it will protect my head during a crash. Even with its faults, I'll use it until it can no longer be used.
I bought this helmet and was disappointed in it.  It's big, bulky, and a typical "alien head" helmet.  It fit fine, and I can see why it would be effective if in an accident and your noggin is at risk.  But honestly, I think there are better helmets out there that actually look better on your head, and protect equally well.  I am in the process of returning this and getting a BERN Watts EPS Summer Matte Helmet, which, even in the product spec states "The Lowest Profile Head Protection offering doesn't look like a spaceship landed on your head like other brands do" - which is what you're getting with one of these kinds of helmets by Schwinn or something similar. Just my .2 cents.
The only problem that I have is the straps always needs to be adjusted.
I was expecting based on description/reviews for this helmet to be larger but it fits pretty small. I gave it to my wife and she can use it but it's no good for me. Cant say much else about the product as it didnt fit and sat on top of my head.
The tripod that came with it is not so hot, and you can forget hand-holding this. It's just too powerful for that. All that said, at the asking price I feel I got good value and it is very compact.
3 things suck about this,  but not the scope itself.  The tripod is a waste,  the case it comes with doesn't fit well,  and the covers for the lenses don't fit well.  I tossed the case,  the tripod,  and have tape on the lense covers to keep them on in my pack.  I do like that it is fairly small for its ability,  and light weight.
I agree with the other reviewers who say the tripod is a joke.  It is not a serious tripod and I wish that manufacturers would put the extra money into quality optics and stop wasting it on junk.  I think most people will want to purchase a better tripod.  The optics are fair on this but okay for the money.  I use this scope for bullseye pistol shooting indoors at 50 feet.  With 20X it is adequate and shows me the whole target.  I do not recommend this scope for shooting .223 rounds at 100 yards.  You will need something more powerful.  I will keep it because it is small, light weight, and adequate for my needs.
Fits on a camera tripod. A bit hard to adjust focus good for daylight target viewing. the included tripod is a bit chinzie but for the price is okay
I bought this scope because it is very small and because of the good reviews that it got.  It is very small and it is easy to pack.  The problem is that the magnification is weak and the field of view is limited.  I took it to the range and tried to use it to sight in a 223 rifle.  I could barely see the bullet holes.  I ended up borrowing the spotting scope of the person next to me at the range.  I have to say that I am disappointed.  I will probably buy a more powerful scope with an upturned eye piece.  This is a nice toy and it is very small but it is not a good spotting scope.
I wasn't expecting Leupold or Zeiss optical performance from a spotting scope going for about 10% of what a lower end spotter by those other two makers would produce, and this performed about as well as I needed anyway.I'll first describe the scope.It has a rubber overmolded body that makes it easier to grasp, somewhat shock resistant, and helps muffle rattle if bumped.The eyepiece is focusable, with some resistance, which I like, since it makes it easier to maintain the focus setting.The objective has an integral sunshade that can be extended or retracted as needed, a nice touch.It also comes with a small tripod that I found works pretty well, and it even includes a lockable ball joint at the attachment point to allow the scope to adjust for incline and tilt.I'm really not sure why some others complained about the tripod, as I found it just about the perfect size and had decent stability for shooting from the bench.I suppose if I were going to use it in the field, a better tripod would be a worthy investment, but I bought this mainly to see my bullet holes in targets at the shooting range.It also comes with a lens cleaning cloth, instruction sheet, and a nice nylon carrying case that easily holds the scope and tripod.This scope does have a pretty narrow field of view at 25 yards, where I first tested it, but the clarity and brightness were enough once I found my target paper, and the holes were easy to find with it.I also tested it at the 50 yard range, and although the distance was doubled, I found it much easier to use at that distance, since the field of view was greater at that range, and the bullet holes were easy enough to spot that I could count them with no problem, even though they were from a .22 rimfire.Not too bad for a $46 spotter, but please don't pan it because you were spoiled by a much higher end scope.For the shooter on a budget, it gets it done just fine.
The scope is what it is for $49. A scope that is 20x60x60 (zoom) is really the bare minimum needed for any spotting scope. I would suggest spending the money on the more powerful, versitile scope.
You get what you pay for; its OK but not great. You can't really see 5.56 holes at 100yds and you can only stay on target by using the included flabby tripod. However, the scope is very front heavy and can't really stand by itself. I wouldn't recommend this product.
This works.  I wish there were a zoom feature.  We use it for 50 yard viewing with no problems.  It works well in the rain too.
Bought this to cover a rifle/scope combo.  I tried it on 4 different rifles that had scopes............none fit.  So if that is your intention, then you'll need something else.  Otherwise it's a nice piece of cloth.
It doesn't completely cover the end of my 28&#34; benelli supernova, leaving maybe a 2x1 oval of the buttpad exposed. This isn't a huge problem but I'm a little nervous about transporting this from the case in my car to the field. I think most CPOs would be cool but you never know when you might catch a cop on a bad day.
I just purchased 10 of these socks (1-23-14) and they're nice for the $4.99 price I paid, but @ $8.99 per sock they're listed at now...that to me is a bit overpriced!...Now, while I found the quality to be very nice, they're a bit tough to pull over a rifle with a scope.  The silicone treatment is a plus, but the struggles of pulling them over scoped rifles and, the fact they went up in price by $ 4.00 in the 3 days since my purchase,...I'd look elsewhere!  You can find inexpensive rifle cases online for a couple of bucks more, that would provide more protection and would fit more easily into their protective shroud! Of course...YMMV!
They are like a high-end knit glove. A little nicer than thestretch ones you can get for 99 cents at Wal-mart, but I'd just as soonget those for running every day. That way if one gets lost, it's not a big deal.True, they don't smell. So the anti-bacterial, anti odor thing is probably a good thing.But with the 99 cent ones I can throw them in the laundry and they don't smell either.They are lightweight knit cotton gloves, thought they would be more weatherproof.
I bought these gloves a few months ago because I needed a good pair of running gloves when my morning runs were normally in the 25-30 degF range. I purchased them based on other reviews that claimed that they'll keep your hands warm while still letting them breath.The woven material sure lets your hands breath but that also makes my hands feel cold. As your body and hands move while you run (or even just walking) you'll feel the cold air hitting your hands and it was uncomfortable for me. My hands didn't feel frozen but it was unpleasant. I definitely wouldn't call it warm. When the temps were closer to 40 degF my hands felt better but you still feel the cold air.They seem to be a good quality glove that fits me well and should last a long time but they're not some magical fabric that manages to keep your hands warm while at the same time letting cold air hit them. My BS detector must be on the fritz.
Good quality, good price. This mask is great for minor protection, has some padding, good straps , overall okay for my use.
this is a great mask for numerous sports and costuming needs.pros- fits the face well, and if you happen to have a larger head and nose...like i do it still fits well. the 5 straps hold it in place securly in a sprint or jumping around. it can be easily modified.cons- it does restrict vision, you lose some periferal vision and the top of the mask needs slight ajustment depending on the shape of your head.one of the first things i do with this kind of mask is open the eye holes a bit for periferal vision.
Well I was a little hopeful that this would work for roller hockey with a puck if I used a neck guard with it but after getting it, no luck.  A shot to the face would hurt a lot, the foam doesn't hug your face like a real goalies helmet does and its really thin foam.  Any shot on the lower half sends all the force directly to the front and center of your chin pushing it back instead of evenly on the head/face.  I feel like a street hockey puck could break the plastic with a hard enough slap shot.  For costing so little I can't be upset, just a little dream to have that style helmet in hockey.  The protection in the back isn't complete either.Sidenote, it doesn't look quite as cool in real life as the picture.  The forehead seems a little bigger on it.Conclusion, probably fine for ball hockey, can't use it with pucks.  (I'd avoid any no bounce balls with water in them because of the added weight)If you open your mouth your lower chin will be exposed.  Again for a ball whatever but puck, no way in hell.  I guess I have to be Jason next year for Halloween.
I  went for a 36 mile ride today in these shorts for the first time. I found these shorts to be uncomfortable, I will use these shorts for 15 mile rides. Like the draw string for the waist, and the material is quite comfortable on the skin.  I might change my 3 stars if the gel pad settles down after a few more rides
Thin padding that doesn't quite fit right. It kept riding up my crotch, which meant I was sitting on the seam and made for a very uncomfortable ride. Unfortunately I have already worn them so now I can't return them. I was hoping that after a few miles they would settle in and fit correctly, but I was wrong. I ditched these and bought a slightly more expensive pair of Canari's (the Exo's) and they are a thousand times better. Padding is thicker and is situated correctly, doesn't shift around when I ride. If you plan on spending any more than 100 miles a week in the saddle, do yourself a favor and buy a nicer pair of shorts.FYI, ORDER A SIZE DOWN. I checked Canari's website and it said for waists 32-34 order a large, which I did, and the shorts ended up too baggy. The other pair I bought are mediums, and they fit like a glove.
These shorts are just fine. They're not the greatest cycling shorts I own, but not the worst. These aren't compression shorts. Just spandex with elastic around the legs. The padding is again, not fantastic, I wouldn't wear it for a century, but it's just fine for shorter rides.That's about it. Pretty average. They look pretty cool, and they're made well for what they are.
These shorts look nice but the padding does leave something to be desired. Of course, they are rather inexpensive but if you put serious miles on your bike, you'll want some better padding. These just don't compare to more expensive shorts
I followed the sizing guide, and the shorts I received were a baggy joke. Returning for a smaller size. I'll report back when I have a pair that fit.The smaller size is still a little loose on me, but usable. I'm hoping that more hill climbing and 100 mile weeks will make me fit them better. The pad is smaller and the cloth is thinner than on my similarly priced LG shorts. They have been OK for 20 mile trips, but I'll still make a point of having the LG ones clean when I'm planning a longer ride than that.
I did not give much thought in buying these with the gel in the seat. It feels like a full diper. The padding is OK, however I will get a pair with some other type of comfort material.
My wife collects fishing lures.  I thought this would be good to to add to her collection.  I am going to try it out on fish tonight
This was my first sleeping bag purchase for a recent camping trip, the sleeping bag is very warm, that night was almost 30F and it kept me warm and toasty. My only complaint and this is just my opinion is the bottom, it is too narrow and it makes it hard to move around, also if you decide to zip it up all the way it feels too tight. As far as the length, I had no problem with it, I am 6'1. Other than that, it is a good value for the price.
Works well, but does not even come close to packing in it's bag.  It's enormous.  I had to find a random bag to use.  That's my only real gripe, the amount of space it takes up.  It works well, but keep in mind how much space it will take up.
I am an old NW camper and needed a bag for several trips this summer. (2007)This is a skimpy 2 pounds of fill bag. Comfortable  at night with fleece pants and top at 40 degree nights.I went camping at 3000 feet in June, wore polar fleece to bed, had to put on polar fleece jacket and hat at 1 am. Out side temp 35 degrees.so this is good for very warm weather, RV camping, I was not comfortable and I am 5 '4 150 lbs and I found the bag tight.spend a little more money if you are going to sleep out side, and yes i had a very good air mattrress.
It's tough to pack this sleeping bag back in its stuff sack.  Also, its pack-size is much larger than I thought it would be.
I ordered this bell because there are a lot of pedestrians on the SF Bay Trail on my commute to/from work, so I thought it would be nice to ring a bell while passing instead of shouting &#34;passing on the left!&#34;  The bell does what it does, but I did not realize how HUGE this bell is.  It looks rather silly on my handlebars because it's actually bigger than my headlight and sticks out like a sore thumb.  The stock bell that came with my wife's bike is about 1/3 the size of this one, so when I was ordering it on Amazon, I thought this would be around the same size.  Also, Amazon sent me the silver bell, but I actually wanted the black one to match my bike.  I don't know how to specify the color you want, but I ended up forgetting to return it, so now I'm just stuck with it.  I just mounted it on the bike a few days ago.  It works, but its very ugly.  I will probably take it off and continue to shout at pedestrians as I pass.
It was as advertised.  Easy to attach. I found the compass to work correctly.  The only negative is the plastic gong that rings the bell.  It feels really flimsy, like it could break easily.  To be fair, I have had it only a short time and it works fine so far but I have the fear it might not last.
This is very much as described. However, the one thing I don't like is that the compass (which works just fine) is set up so that it shows the direction you're coming from. That is to say, when you mount it correctly, and say you're facing north, the South pole of the compas is facing you so you're reading the direction you're coming from, not where you're headed. This could confuse the dim-witted!!!! :-)
I bought this simply in the need of the bell, and it is OK (why it gets 3 stars.)But the compass on the bell is such a turn down, it almost never works. I have a cord next to it for my bike's meter, I don't know whether that's the reason.
This is a HUGE cooler. I could almost fit in it myself and I'm 6' tall. The only problems I have with it are the latches are a little cheap being made out of plastic oppose to the metal ones, as well as if you have this thing fully loaded with drinks and ice to the brim and you lift it, you feel as if the handles might break. Wheels and better latches would make this a five star cooler.
The "Swiss Tech UKTBS Utili-Key 6-in-1" attaches easily to your key ring and is completely unobtrusive, being the same shape and size of a normal key. The multi-tool can be a little hard to open at first, but becomes easier with usage.While it says 6-in-1 (Flat Screwdriver, Micro Eyeglass Screwdriver, Bottle Opener, Phillips Screwdriver, and Knife), I find that the Phillips Screwdriver and Knife are the most practical and get the most use.The tool is reasonably well made and sturdy, but should not be used as a pry bar or other high stress uses.A handy and convenient tool, recommended if like having basic tools with you at all times.
these are ok targets. when it is cold they do not stick well and when it's windy at the range they will blow away. Unless you are inside you cannot rely on the adhesive backing alone.
These definitely are what they say they are... but they could stand to use heavier paper/target stock.  These absolutely have to be stapled to cardboard or melonite backing boards for use, unless your range has full width top clamps and clamp-on bottom hangers (weighted to keep the traget stretched flat).
Its a whistle and it does its job.you blow and it whistles.you blow soft and its barely heardyou blow harder and its louder...its nothing like the professional whistles, its has a ball in there that rolls.I prefer the whistles without the ball...its a whistle...
I haven't had a ton of use with this, because both times I set it up (at a public range) the first time I shot it it fell right over despite being seated with the stakes fully in the ground. After the second hit and fall, I just gave up and went back to shooting at my paper targets.I am considering adding some plywood to make a base for it, but out of the box, I don't think I can recommend it if you're shooting .45ACP.I will say though that it is very sturdy, and although the bullets took off the paint, it's not dented or anything. I just think the stakes might be a little too short.**Update 10/19. I've added another star after getting another trip to the range. This time it stood up for approximately 8 or so hits before it started falling over.  It definitely could be improved by installing it on a plank of wood or something like that. I imagine it will last because I've got several hits on the frame itself with only chipped paint for damage.  The design could be improved, but I don't really regret buying it either.
I purchased this as a Christmas present for a friend how is gun enthusiast. He said it was 'okay' but wouldn't recommend using anything more than a 22 on it.
All in all, I cannot say this unit disappointed me, but I still find myself wanting.  The target size is a bit small for safe distances, and the frame is a bit weak if subjected to direct blows.  It does take a beating however (soft tipped 7.62.x39mm rounds), and the price isn't bad.  I'm really on the fence as far as 3 vs 4 stars.  I gave it four, due to value.  Personally, I'll pass on getting another, and I'll set some more self healing targets.
Was lugging this down a hotel hallway and the handle popped out and dumped the cooler and its contents all over the floor! It also heated up quickly when unplugged and carried to the picnic table, 30 minutes later and the thermometer inside reported it'd gone up by 20 degrees -- this on a day that was only 70F outside! So I think it needs more insulation and a better handle setup to do what I want it to do. Will investigate large fender washers and epoxy for resolving the handle issue, and perhaps some extra polystyrene insulation (the kind with the foil reflective backing to reflect heat) stuck with silicone on the sides, because unfortunately there doesn't appear to be anything else on the market that works any better.
I use this in my office.  On the down side, the fan is loud and constant.  Also, the cooler cannot be laid on its side to use the door from the side.  However, it does cool well while in a 72 degree office.