If you don't have a 3/32 punch or would like to have one in your Glock bag, this is okay.  The butt end of it is handy for pushing pins back in place.  If you already have a 3/32 punch and don't need another, don't both with this one.
This works no better than any 3/32 punch you would find at the hardware store. Actually, I think you would be better with a regular punch as it has more to hold on to.
I purchased this thinking maybe I need a special tool to easily pop off my base plates for my magazines, but it does the same as a regular punch tool. Glock mags are a pain to get the base plates off.  The tool does not really make a difference.
This light will no doubt capture the attention of night-time drivers. It has three functions for the LED, blinking, strobe (kind of) and solid. The lasers project well and can be set to flash or remain solid. Awesome product. Hopefully it holds up.
Very bright.  I would recommend this lite to anyone.  I put one on my wife's bike.  I love this light.
It works great its just a little bulky... I feel like it could be shaved down easily. its def rain resistant no problems on my end with that. Its EXTREMELY bright
A mice bright light with multiple modes. I would have given it 5 stars but it is not designed to clip onto the bag on my bike. I had to midify it to do so.
Had one ride on the light! Mounted on my cross bike but rode it on the road. The laser worked well. Didn't spend any time adjusting for laser lines on each side of the bike like some have said in their reviews, It's simple unless you have a small bike. The laser lines are only seen when you come up about 10 feet from the bike, It's just there for the cool factor I believe. People riding next to you or a few feet behind can see the red laser lines very well. I believe the laser beams are not going to make cars more aware of the distance they need from you but it might help if they are approaching slowly.The LED light is plenty bright, just gotta make sure you aim it correctly when viewing from the rear. The mount seemed sturdy enough. Bounced bike up and down several times to see if it would slip it didn't. You can also see the LED lights from the side very well, witch I think is important.  I do not know the run time since I only had one ride so far, but I assume it will be normal for LED lights. I'll try to come back and edit review (if I can) after a lot more rides.&lt;edit> I've had 4 rides on it now and still holding good charge. Works great
I like it but I have to say I wish they included a way to &#34;loop&#34; the band over something to be able to do pull-down or back exercises. I ended up using the &#34;ankle&#34; attachment to do that and works for me. Quality is great and would definitely see this lasting me a long time. I love the carabineer because you can use 2 or more at the same time with the handles once you get stronger.
This is a pretty decent set of resistance bands. The only thing I would change about it, is that the band themselves are a little bit long. When you put the attachments on them, they are too long to do some of the exercises I would like to do. I have tried to tie the bands in knots to remedy this, but they are very hard to untie, so I try to avoid doing that. Also, if you call the company after you get your package, they will send you a free orange band, which is even stronger than the strongest band in this pack. That was a nice little bonus!
Good for those small exercises that one can't do with freeweights. I use it for slight rehab on a knee. It's perfect for that. With the door stoppers you can get angles that really help (if you have old joints). Of course it's all very light, so I can't see doing anything heavy (for those looking for something to supplement freeweights, such as wrapping around barbells when doing squats and so forth) with these, but they're good so far and seem to be made to last.
This is a perfect set to keep packed up for when you are traveling.  They don't take up too much room and if you know what to do with them you can get a complete work out no matter where you are.
I bought this set of bands to work on rehabbing my knee outside of the gym. This type of product is certainly convenient to use and offers a fair amount of resistance for my purposes. However, for those intent on building gobs of muscle, weights are of course ideal. I found that I needed some time to adjust to the feel of these bands. While the manual indicates some type of pound rating it doesn't feel accurate. The nominal rating of weak to strong is a better way to judge the resistance of each band. I chose a familiar exercise that would allow me to work through a range of bands. I knew what I  could lift with weights and compared that sensation to the band with a similar resistance. From there I could start to estimate which bands i might start with  for other exercises. The kit is nicely put together with a wide range of bands and extra straps for doors and ankles. The carrying bag holds everything without being cramped and is well suited for travelling. As another reviewer noted, the bands are rubber and are subject to wear. It behooves the user to inspect them regularly before use.Update: I have used this kit several times now and wanted to add a finding. I found the exercises more satisfying when contracting and holding the muscles being worked on at the end of the positive movement. This gives extra focus to the area at hand and makes the most out of the resistance that the bands offer. Hopefully, I am not overstating the obvious, but I found this feature easier to do with the bands than with free weights.
These work well. It is easy to attach multiple bands for more resistance. They're easier to use that way if you loosely secure them together in the middle. The weight of each band isn't marked on the band itself, that I could find, which could be a nice addition. Overall, though, they are durable and do what they're made to do.
Been using these bands from time to time and so far so good. Elasticity is great and the accessories come in handy. Just wish they were a tad longer.
These bands are made of strong, high-quality material. And I like the door attachments. But I'm 6-1 and find the bands too short. However, there is a workaround. To increase the band length, simply add a carabiner in between the handle and the band. Also, the color-coding is confusing. Instead, they should label the bands from 1 to 5.
I got this for some basic workouts. Does the job well. Definitely can't replace dumbbells though. Took off on star because I really wish it came with a way to wrap up the bands because all the bands being lose will make it a jumbled mess.
My husband is a pilot and takes one or two of these at a time.  States he gets a great workout from them.  Really not small enough of a bag to take it all at once.
When I bought the previous version that had the swivel clips I wasn't to keen on using it too much. But now that they changed to standard carabineers instead, I decided to buy a second set, which I use more regularly. Also I recommend getting the new extra strength orange and purple bands, sold separately. I would say the only drawback may be is that the bands, all bands not just the two mentioned, are a little short for some people, and probably best suited for people in the 5'4" to 5'9" range. I'm not saying people below and above that range shouldn't get a set. Let me just make it clear the height range I gave is not a concrete standard. It's just an opinion as to how I feel. I'm 5'11" and I'm very careful how I use my bands. Black Mountain is a very good company with awesome customer service, and they're always working on improving their products. For the price and some common sense usage it's tough to find a better basic set than this. My previous swivel end set is a souvenir I keep in my closet. I hope they come out with a new set the has all 7 bands, 2 ankle straps instead of just 1, 2 sets of handles that are bigger than what they have now, a door anchor with a cushioned liner, and a really nice bag to put it in. If and when that comes out I'll be getting that for sure and ready to post a 5 star review.
Not a whole lot to say about them, other than the fact they seem like good quality bands that have lasted well over a year now. I don't use them daily, but try to get a couple uses a week. I'm happy with the purchase.
I'm using this to work out my hips for an IT Band issue.  I tried using it for a full workout, but just don't like a resistance band workout for my full body.  But for my hips, the door peice is awesome.
I bought these resistance bands to use along with P90x, and so far they are holding up well. It's been about 2 weeks since I've started using them and none of the bands have broken yet (as some reviewers have mentioned). I don't yet know how they will hold up in the long run, but I'm not too concerned about them since Black Mountain Products has a great warranty on them.They come with 1 set of grips that attach to each of the bands via a metal clasp. If there isn't a weight that you like in each of the bands, you can combine multiple bands and customize the weight yourself.I really like these, and assuming they hold up - I give it 4 stars.
I am about half way through the P90X workout and have been using these straps.  So far they have held up well.  Clipping straps onto and off of the handles is quick and easy, so I can move from less to more (or more to less) resistance without hassle.  There is a short guide which tells you the relative resistance of each color band, so you can add up or subtract down to the resistance you want.  While I am sure there are better bands out there, I am also sure you would pay more for them.  This is a good product at a reasonable price.
I am able to replicate all of the exercises that I did on the physical therapy machines by using this system. It saves me time and the expense of joining a health club to continue on my home program. I would recommend this equipment if you want to avoid buying machines or going to a health club.
Bought these to supplement the other Black Mountain set with attached handles. I blew out the strongest weight on that set, so I picked up this one with interchangeable handles to mix and match bands and increase the weight as I progressed.It can be annoying swapping out the bands between exercises, but it's worth it to avoid the expense and storage of a weight set. Black Mountain has great products, but I would recommend the set with attached handles.
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set to allow me to do strength training when I travel.  I had previously purchased another name brand set of resistance bands, but they had plastic &#8220;D&#8221; rings that would slip under strain.  The metal &#8220;D&#8221; rings and &#8220;O&#8221; rings on this set is a much improved upgrade for me.  The door holder and foot strap completes the accessories.  The set is easy to use and the bands are strong enough to meet the workout needs.  This is a high quality set or resistance bands.  The only negatives would be the work-out instructions are weak.  I downloaded a more comprehensive work-out guide for resistance bands that have better diagrams and more exercises.  Also, using multiple bands can be tricky.  It would be nice if there was a sleeve that would gather the bands when using three or more for safety and ease of use.  Overall, the quality for the price is outstanding.  I would recommend these to anyone who would like a good quality set of resistance bands.
I like the bands.  The quality of the bands and the handles are good.  Never used the door anchor or ankle strap.  I do wish there was a way to keep the bands together when you hook several up at the same time.  Overall I am happy and to date have not broken the ends off of any of the bands.  The size is nice and small for taking on the road if you need to.
The reason I went with these was to be able to stack extra weight together for more resistance. For areas where I am stronger it is nice to be able to put 2 or 3 bands together to get the desired resistance without paying an arm and a leg of lots of bands.
These are very high quality resistance bands.  The rubber pieces are guaranteed forever.  I just wish there were more than one set of handles, although I'm pretty sure more can be ordered - probably on Amazon.
The product came just as advertised. Easy to set up and use and the bag is nice if you plan on working out when you travel.
This is something thats good for a quick last minute workout. Cant replace a gym, but better than just sitting on the couch. Adds more variety than just a few push ups and sit ups can do. For the price, very worthwhile.
While I still can't figure out how the door anchor works (and there was very little documentation with the product), the quality of the bands and the variance of weights included is very good. The handles and joints are solid. I'd have no problem recommending this.
We purchased two sets of these bands for use with P90X.  We have completed one full cycle of P90X and part of a second cycle, although we eventually switched to weights for most of the program.  We continued to use these bands for pull-upsThe Good:These bands are easy to use, and being able to clip multiple bands onto the handles is helpful.  Some people may need more weight than this set can provide.  Since my wife did not use the &#34;heaviest&#34; red band very often, I borrowed hers to make my simulate pull-ups more challenging.The door strap works well near a hinge, and these bands also worked well over a pull up bar.  Overall they have held up fairly well.The Bad:Out of our two sets, one strap broke at the metal clasp.  I expected one of the rubber tubes to give out, but instead the metal snapped where the clip swivels around on the post that attaches to the band.  Fortunately no one was hurt when it went, but it left a mark on the top of the door frame when it went during a pull-up.Some of the bands show a lot of wear from friction when standing on the band to shorten it or to increase tension, as the P90X videos demonstrate.  Again, none of them have snapped, but we stopped using one of the black bands just in case.Overall:I liked the bands to get started on P90X, but ultimately decided they weren't giving me the workout I wanted.  As soon as I switched to some &#34;dial weights&#34; I felt I was getting a better workout.  The weight ratings on these bands did not match up with using actual weights at all.  In theory, if I was lifting 20 lbs according to the band tension rating, I needed to back down to 10-15 pounds on the free weights.Still, we were not disappointed in our purchase of these bands.  They are a good value and we are pleased to own and continue to use them.
These were purchased for a relative to assist with their recovery from a debilitating stroke.  The relatively light resistance and ease of use, so far has been 'just what the doctor ordered'.
Run of the mill cleaning kit I bought as a gift for my brother-in-law.  Of course he has a .32 caliber pistol so I had to buy a separate brush.  A basic kit that will suit most anybody's cleaning needs.
Like: Very large selection of items for most caliber fire arms. Contents seem to be made well.Dislike: Case is not the quality that I expected, seems cheaply made (flimsy).
Most notable is that it doesn't contain everything you might need and it is missing some calibers that are not entirely uncommon --- there is no provision for .40 for example.The individual components are not made of the strongest materials, but then you don't have to worry about any of them damaging your rifling. It is a really nice size overall and the container is pretty good. Some items may shake loose into other parts of the case, but they never fall out entirely. The extra room between some of the items is also pretty good for storing hex keys and what-not.The lid latches very securely on both sides and the rods snap very securely easily in and out on the top. Everything in the bottom is loose.Not the cleaning kit for the connoisseur; but a nice economic kit for the hobbyist that has guns in a number of different common calibers. Pretty good for under $30.(Also, the shotgun mops and brushes are actually on opposite sides from the picture; obviously not a big deal and since they are the same size they can pretty much be re-arranged but the mops are actually bigger and have slightly larger slots in the middle. If you try to make it match the picture then the mops might smoosh a little)Complete list of contents:Thin rod set (for .17 and .22)Freely rotating brass rod with handle - rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thick rod setFreely rotating brass rod with handle -rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thin rod to thick rod adapter (required for the .22) you could possibly use the thick rods to clean a 22 but it would bump against the edges of the barrel for sure. Adapter is aluminum so not incredibly tough.Thick to super-thick adapter (for the shotgun cleaning brushes and mops, screws into the thick rod)Brushes.17.22.27.30.38 (useable for 9mm).45410 shotgun (marked 41)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunMops.22.35 (useable for 9mm)410 shotgun (arguably useable for a .45?)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunPatch loops.22410 (marked 410S)Jags (the pointy things that push patches a bit better than the loops). They are plastic and vulnerable to being pushed too hard if you push them sideways on accident..17.22.27.30.35 (works great for my 9mm).45Also got the following products to round out my kit:Brushes (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00162OKDY/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i03?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Picks (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048KGFHU/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=12 oz Solvent (stored in one of the front round compartments)http://www.amazon.com/Hoppes-No-Solvent-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000PW21T6/ref=sr_1_8?s=sporting-goods&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1361160571&sr;=1-8&keywords;=hoppe%27s+no.+9+solventCleaning Patches (stored in the other front round compartment --- I don't think anything larger than 1-1/2&#34; would fit)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008F9MLF0/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=114.9 ml Gun Oil (stored in the back middle compartment - where the rectangle patches are shown; the precision tip hangs over into the small brush area by just a little and doesn't interfere with closure at all)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013R67A6/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
I use these for the 100lb dumbells and they make all the difference in the world. I have a bad back so they save my back first. No more struggling to do incline presses. I use them on the smith machine to support them from. It is more work to set them up, however your tendons and joints will appreciate it greatly. I have large hands so my only complaint is that the hooks that go around the dumbell are in the way of my grip, but that is a minor trade off compared to having to jerk 2- 100lb dumbells from the ground up to your chest. It does take time to get used to them and you will be weaker because of the grip/ hook interference. I used to get 18 reps with the 100s on incline, and with the hooks, I've lost about 3 reps per set and do 15 reps/set now. If all gyms had these, it would save the dumbells from getting bent as guys that can't handle them, drop them. These have saved my lower biceps/ forearm from a chronic injury due to jerking the weight up to your chest. Love them. I use them for dumbell shrugs as well as they keep the dumbells away from your legs during the exercise. Oh, and it will definitely start a conversation as nobody at the gym has ever seen anything like it, they all want to use them, but nobody wants to go buy there own.
Our dog likes running through tunnels, so this works well for us.  He's a corgi, so he's short and fits right through it. He doesn't like it when it moves on him, though, so we always put something on either side of it so it can't roll around.
This was a fun product.  Used to practice your putting.  It can be used indoor or outdoor.  Hope to use this for a long time.
This is a putting mat with a ball return which is very similar to any putting mat I've ever used. It has a length of "green" which is basically a fuzzy piece of fabric, a slope at the end, 3 features including a ball return. I've seen many of these putting mats and the inexpensive ones are all pretty much the same price and similar features. I suspect this one costs more because of the ball return feature. Others which don't have a return and is simply a piece of green fabric with holes would cost less. At the other end of the spectrum you can buy ones costing thousands of dollars. But I digress. For this price, this is not a bad putting mat. It's got a nice 9ft green, 3 features and the return.
I saw a lot of negative reviews for this practice mat, but it looks like they've updated the device, because it worked really well for me!First, for the most part, it's all one piece.  The putting mat is all one piece; there is no gap or attaching of the putting surface.  You just unroll it.  It's not the BEST surface; mine has been unrolled for days, but is still &#34;bumpy&#34; from where it was unrolled.  But, it's all one piece.  The only things you need to do is attach the tree-backdrop (velcro is used here), add a sticker for the bottom of the &#34;hole&#34;, and stick in the flag.  I noticed the instructions were not applicable to the putting green I received; the instructions talked about putting the ball-return in place, etc, but really this is plug and play.  I did notice a problem with the flag; the hole that holds it goes down into the ball-return area, so I just don't use the flag.  The neat thing about this is that if you mis-hit a ball into the &#34;water&#34; or &#34;trap&#34;, it feeds the ball into the center area and shoots the ball back at you.  It's a powerful ball-return; it seems to depend on where the ball is located once the ball-return kicks in.  Sometimes the ball would roll back off the mat, sometimes it would make it halfway.It functions just fine.  Even with the &#34;bumps&#34; in the mat, I still made good putts.  It's more of a neat toy than a serious practice device:  the hole has an incline just before it, so you have to hit the ball harder than you would normally.  I had some solid shots get hung up on the incline at the end.  Your mis-hits have to be gentle; I had a few roll up onto the back of the green and roll back down, blocking the path of future hits.  Sometimes balls would get hung-up on the ball return area.  I would just hit a second ball, and the ball-return would shoot them back out.For the most part, I would recommend this toy.  It's nice to not have to walk back and forth for every shot just to get your ball.  The green surface isn't the thickest I've seen, but it's OK.  It's a fun distraction rather than a serious training device, and I think it would make a really good gift.
This putting green is great for practice.  Worked great from the time that I opened it.  the ability to send the ball back even when you hit the hazards is great.  I spent about a half hour putting and only used one ball never having to move from my spot.
My 6 year old is a budding golfer and we got him this putting mat to practice.  I like the variety of hazards and that it automatically returns the balls.  It is well made, and doesn't take up much room to store.
I chose  this as something fun for my Grandson to play with ( he is 12 yrs old)  . My thinking was that it will be fun and also give him some exercise/ movement, and  he would have to use his  head to figure out how to make a better shot.  It can also be used indoors which is a plus when those NC Thunderstorms roll in.  I am a firm believer in getting  kids outside  wither to play sports or a walk in the woods.  All the electronic toys they have these days are nice BUT  kids still need to experience the great outdoors.  He has a lot of fun with this and  after awhile started to challenge himself  .  It is easy to assemble. Does not need electricity. Does not take up a  lot of room and is very portable!  I wouldn't say it is the most rugged piece of equipment but then it is not something that  would get the work out/ abuse other sports related equipment might get.might get.  The ball return is nice feature especially for impatient kids. Price wise I would say it is over priced  .
First trip, I filled 2/3 of this cooler with ice then lay it on its side on a roof rack.  A day later, I got it off the top of the car and although some ice had melted, I was amazed that nothing leaked from the lid.  Filled the cooler up with water at that point and 2 days later, still had a little bit of ice.Second trip, filled about 1/3 with ice and water to about 3/4 full.  Next day, most of the ice was gone even though outside temps were about the same as trip #1.So now I know not to skimp on ice (I already don't like drinking water so if I have to it better be ice cold) but I'm impressed the lid holds so securely.  The spout is easy to operate with one hand and our 5-year old has no problems with it.  Handles feel sturdy and are comfortable enough to carry a full jug with just one.
Sturdy enough. Top is easy to remove.  I have seen no leaking issues so far, whatsoever, and it gets some pretty harsh use.  The handles are on there good as well.
Most sleeping bag pads are either paper thin foam OR big bulky blow up mattresses OR very expensive auto blowup thin padsTHESE 2 inch thick mattresses blow up reasonably stiff, are not huge bulky things are cheap and very comfortable and are quite large for their bulk.  Much larger than any sleeping bag.  I was amazed at how well they supported my 6ft 250lb frame.  and the pillow is an added bonus.EXCELLENT value in sleeping bag pads
Our game friends wanted to add this game to their game pantry, so we made this purchase on their behalf, and we have had no personal experience with product, but our friends have made no negative comments about it to date, so we hope they are having fun with it as they expected. Blessings.
The kids love it! One issue - the net came with a few broken links. Big bummer! I contacted the company upon discovery (a couple of days after Christmas). I haven't heard back from them yet, which also disappoints me. I know Amazon would have exchanged it for me, but I recycled the box the morning before putting it together. Whoops!Learn from me! Order this if you're looking at it, but inspect it when you get it.
For pancakes, this iron griddle heats slowly and evenly, and it holds the heat better than a teflon griddle but...you...must...season this and instruct well-meaning helpers NOT, repeat, NOT to use any soap of any kind, sponge, steel wool pad, on the griddle. Ever. If you are worried about cleaning it, you can scrub the surface with a hot, clean water, handful of cooking salt and a clean paper towel. After seasoning, pancakes cook evenly and this is wide enough to go over two burners and really get some production going at breakfast. Just remember about the seasoning and the No-Soap.
Easy to use and gives very good resolution at high magnifications. Its great if like to watch birds as well cause image is still bright at high magnification.
i ordered this and very happy...arrived on time and in good condition..instructions although written very small type it is unstandable..enjoy..will order again if necessary. tks
This fits my Sig P220 and Glock 30 perfectly. It's snug around the trigger guard preventing accidental access, what I was looking for.
I've had one of these in use for nearly a dozen years and it is a solidly constructed, reliable locking device for use on the trigger guard of even a very large frame revolver. I always recommend putting firearms in a safe or locked gun cabinet (secured to a wall, floor, or both), but these kind of trigger locks added to unloaded firearms are an excellent backup, and keep unauthorized fingers away from triggers.Rim-fire guns, and a lot of vintage center-fire guns are best never dry-fired. Using a trigger lock can help prevent accidental damage by people who just don't know better. Of all of the different types of trigger and action locks I've employed, this one is the most ruggedly constructed and durable model I've owned.
The lock is well built but it is too thick to fit in the Stack-On PDS-500 safe with Glock 19.  It's not the lock fault.
I bought this for a 1911, and it seems to fit perfectly, the grooves actually match the frame completely, pretty satisfied. For my ar-15, however, its a bit of a weird fit, but it still works
I highly recommend to anyone who wish to secure their firearm.  This is a great lock.  It fits snugly into the trigger area and will prevent anyone from discharging the firearm.
I bought five and four worked well.  I have them and depend on them every day.  They work fine. The fifth -- oh well!  It just didn't work and I didn't care.  (Too much).
Strong, reliable lock.  Shank is long enough to make it useful in securing trigger of rifle with trigger guard molded into synthetic stock, involving complex curves in three dimensions, of all weather Benjamin Trail.  No keys to add to already overworked keyring.Would have preferred a four digit combination and high contrast numerals.  Seems to me likely to be stronger and more secure than a Frantzen combination trigger lock with a different locking mechanism I have on another gun, but I find the Frantzen easier to read and work with.
The title says it all.  The fit and finish is nothing to write home about, but it will keep your firearm safe during transport.  The only real downside is the limited number of combos available, but for the price that's a minor issue.
Better than nothing.. Yes I bet someone can figure out how to get this off but it would take some time. This can't be your only means of securing a weapon but it is better than nothing and a 2nd security if say you didn't have a great safe.. Or maybe a 2nd thought if someone did get access.
I've transitioned to using these on each firearm, for their ease of use, so I don't have to worry about mixing up keys. They serve a purpose, so use them accordingly. These should not be used on a loaded gun, especially if the installation won't allow the bar to fit behind the trigger.
This is a great trigger lock that serves the purpose of keeping accidents from happening.  Nothing can prevent better than a safe, but this is an extra precaution.  I
Ideal product for securing long guns. I use these for my shotguns that I transport in a soft  case, Highly recommended
So, if I'm correct the whole idea of using a trigger lock is only to deter and/or make it difficult for someone to fire off a gun. If that's so, this works and does it's job.Like many other reviewers have said, no single lock will guarantee 100% safety from someone accidentally firing off a round. And before anyone gets upset at me, I agree that this lock is not a full-proof lock to prevent accidental firing, just a deterrent.It gives me a better sense of safety if anyone were to sneak into my "hiding" place (for the time being until I get a full-blowen gun safe cabinet) that this would give them some difficulty in fully accessing the gun. I only have 1 handgun.The construction and "toughness" of this lock is good. Now the "spring loaded" pins that supposedly keep the lock from moving around within the trigger gaurd are plastic. Which means, if someone were really creative, they could somehow shave those off and allow "better" access to the trigger. They wouldn't be able to fit a finger between the lock and into the trigger-gaurd, but certainly some sort of tool to get in there. Nonetheless, still would require some work to get in there.Overall, I'm happy with it. It's not crazy expensive like every other firearm accessory is, and it works well for it's purpose. I dropped a star for the "plastic" spring loaded pegs.
I appreciate a combination vs a key because I know I can't loose a combination.  I use the first 3 digits of my ATM PIN number so I don't have to worry about forgetting it either ;-).
Nice little trigger lock.Now if we could get the NRA to stop blocking their use we'd all be safer.
These are great for legal compliance and peace of mind.  I have a bunch of them so I can lock up multiple guns.My only complaint is that it doesn't seem to fit on my M&P; handgun.
This is a great addition to gun safety it's a little difficult to set the dials but 90% of do it your selfers should be able to set it fine if you want something easier  Get one with a key
Not all trigger guards are the same... This seems to be made for the simplest kinds.  It doesn't fit well over irregular ones.Pros:Settable comboSeems solidLatch throws easilyEconomicPortableCons:Poor fit on quite a few weaponsTook me a couple tries to get used to pushing the latch back to be able to undo the combo (probably just me though)
Locks securely, if used right.However I realized that I don't use it most of the time since it adds so much to the gun thickness that the gun doesn't fit in my Plano case. Would be good for folks who need extra layer of security because of kids at home or other reasons.
Easy to set and use good proce
I really liked the product = inexpensive, easy to use, seemingly well made, excellent visual deterrent, etc...But I just couldn't make it "work" on my Walther P99.  Maybe because of the bilateral magazine releases, maybe because of the shape of the trigger guard, who knows...If it "fits" your pistol it'll probably be perfect for your needs...
I keep a trigger lock on all firearms when transporting them or they are not in the safe.  This model works very well and is easy to put on and take off.
This as easy to install and change the combination on. It's not a viable  alternative to a gun safe but it's no where near a gun safe price either. It will keep small kids from being able to fire your weapon or anyone else who just want's to pick it up and look at it safely. But, of course, a determined adult could break it with a hammer. It serves it's purpose, just know what your purpose is. I like mine because it does what it is meant to do very well. I view it as a good quality &#34;safety device&#34; rather than a &#34;security device&#34; although it provides some security as well.  Since I don't have kids at home anymore, it's al I need for my wife and I. Even our grandkids are teenagers or adults now.  If I need max security I would use a max security gun safe. But still, this is a good trigger lock to have.
It's a MasterLock, not some cheap knockoff and it's pretty strong. It doesn't however fit my S&W M&P 15-22 trigger too well, but it works ok.  I do wish that the numbers were easier to spin in both directions and I didn't realize I was ordering a pack of 2 locks...
I have just ordered three more of these locks. I already have one and I am very happy with it. I am especially happy with the fact that I do not need to carry keys to unlock my firearms. The keyed locks are sturdy and reliable; however, all it took was one occasion when I forgot to bring the key and could not shoot.Not only are these locks more convenient, they fit my Yugo M57 Tokarev! I have several different pistols/revolvers and so far these locks fit every one.Though I am very pleased with these locks, I rated them a four-star. I did this because it would be nice if these locks were available in a multipack. Paying about 9 dollars a shot for them is a bit much...
It definitely does what it's supposed to-- only if someone were to break into the house in the middle of the night, I probably wouldn't have time to unlock it since the numbers are too small for me to see without my glasses.  I use this for my non-carry.  I'll just have to use my biometric safe for my home defense gun.
I got three of these and placed them on my guns within a few minutes. Nothing too shabby or great about these. The old saying &#34;locks keep honest people honest&#34; applies here. I just want to make it difficult for somebody to hurt themselves or others. I'm not a freak about home invasions and think I need access to a semi-auto rifle within 5 seconds. I'll turn on the lights, unlock my gun, and get to clearing the house.
Decent quality, and semi quick access to your firearm.The only issue, I think it would only take a day or so to figure out someones code and reset it. But heck.. if it gives crooks a harder time gaining access to YOUR firearm while you're not around. I'd get a few more if i felt inclined I guess.
a little klunky--it does the job and the price was nice.  It only took a few minutes to program the code
This is a good sturdy lock for the price. I use this on both my handguns and rifles. This is much better then using the cable locks that require a key. If you have ever went to the shooting range with your guns and forgot to bring the lock keys you know what I mean!The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is that it sticks out quite a bit once the lock is engaged. No big deal but if your tight on safe space this can be a problem.
great lock that fits each gun securely making it inoperable. I love the ease of the lock and the combination design is awesome, no need to keep track of a key
I like this lock a lot. It is easy to fit securely to most rifles and handguns, the problem is that it is not on California's list of approved locks...
While trigger locks are not intended to make a gun safe (you can still place a round in the chanber of most firearms), They can act and serve as a deterrent to the use of the firearm.  The lock easily attaches to the trigger guard of all firearms.  It is only effective on firearms with fixed trigger guards. I prefer a combination lock because it eliminates the need for keeping a keyring with multiple keys.  I keep and store each of my firearms with one of these combination locks.
This is a good product for the money but as the other reviews mentioned, a little thin.  So I wouldn't leave them outside.  Overall they are perfect for light use and we like them.  Still a good value.
I purchased this for my son to practice with in the back yard. The bases are well made and will easily hold up over time.
These are very nice quality rubber bases.  They are much much nicer than the simple plastic throw bases and will last you a long time.  They are perfect for a trip to the park,  t-ball, baseball etc.  The only reason I did not give them five stars is that the box is very thin and cannot be used as a permanent storage.  The box lasted like two weeks - and then I had to find another suitable way to lug them around (keep in mind - they are solid - so they aren't light).  It would be nice if they would include a nylon carry bag or something with a handle that could be used to permanently store, haul, carry these around.  Otherwise - they are very useful!
Excellent optics. Image stabilization works well but don't expect miracles. Note that you must hold the IS button down, it's not an on/off switch. That said, the best binoculars I have ever used. I bought a 2nd pair as a gift.
Like other reviewers I am absolutely enamored with this little ball. But two flaws stood out right away. The first is that ball came 3/4 inflated. I had to dig out the bicycle pump to inflate the ball. Not a hard job, but one I didn't suspect I would need to do. The second issue was the synthetic material covering and the "Made in China" stamp. I find it hard call this a replica ball when it's not made of leather nor made in the USA. That all said, the ball is really cute. We tossed it around the yard today. I got it specifically for my 2 year old son. He is infatuated with my official NFL game ball. Now that he has his own, fit for his small hands, he is so very happy. As I write this review, he is upstairs sleeping with it tucked in bed with him.
I don't have any real issues with this football.  Whether or not it's real leather doesn't concern me much, as it seems to feel right.  The NFL logo can be a bit slippery.
bought this one over other because it has the rubber wheels, the other were plastic and doesn't go very well over gravel driveway.  This has steel frame and nice paint job.  The seat and handle bars are all adjustable for different proportions.  All in all, good product that I suspect will last even with my tornado of a son.
Double bladed, my only gripe is the blade's a tad short. Most manufacturers of great knives don't want to go through the trouble sharpening both edges, but SOG. The characteristics of this knife make it a good fighting knife, but a little on the smallish side. Take a look at the Cold Steel Voyager with a 5- or 6-inch blade for not a whole lot more money. Chances are you'll drop this one in a heartbeat.Free shipping on knives would be great, too, but too many of these outfits want $7 or $8 to send you a $45 knife! I keep hoping free shipping will become the wave of the future in Internet sales. At least on smaller items.
Man, I loved this thing until stupid Polish Airlines bastards took it away from me.  After that I felt lost.  Only bad thing I can say about it is that when it's in wrench form, the head wiggles from side to side a little.  I never found the need to use it one handed.  It didn't really work anyway, always got stuck sliding it in and out.  I need to get a replacement soon.
nice knife but love my gerber gator II more!  this knife blade is a tad smaller in the width and gator II has a better sheath.  i paid $8 more for the gator II, so for the price you can not go wrong with this knife.
I just got my Gator and it is awsome, felt great im my hand, pirfect size, easy to open and close.
My wife uses this as her camping "kitchen" knife.  She, however, doesn't like to carry it, finding it too heavy for wearing in her hiking shorts.  It does not have a pocket clip, but comes with a belt sheath.  This should have been my first warning it was too heavy for her pocket.  Oh well, still a great addition to our gear.The unserrated blade is easy to sharpen and holds an edge well and the locking mechanism is strong and positive. The grip truly is "all weather" as claimed. It has an excellent texture, which combined with its rubbery construction gives one a great grip even when wet.
Quality grade and tough enough for moderate outdoor use. 5 stars if made in USA.
I love the way the knive feels and its durability is great.  As others pointed out, it's not perfect like fancier brands.  I bought mine in the late 1990's.  I worked as an EMT and needed a durbale knive to cut seatbelts and for other rescue purposes.I'm not a hunter, but I have taken this outdoors for hikes and fishing.  This is my second Gerber product.  I own the original multi-tool - Gerber's version of the Leatherman.  That got a lot of use.Bottom line: A great value to have in your collection.
I could hold onto this knife in a puddle of motor oil!  Great rubber grip and very sharp (I found this out the hard way!)The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because I wish it had a peg on the blade to allow for single hand extension.
I really like this knife.  Quality wise it does NOT come close to a SPYDERCO knife, but I love the skeleton blade, I loce the price and I love the fact that it is VERY light!!Good purchase.
Just the right diamond grit to be effective without taking off too much steel.  Great for all-around use.  The only drawback is the big handle flange, which I cut partly off with my bandsaw so it would fit in my knife block.
This shines as sort of an EDC type sharpener for Smaller blades.Great for your pocket knife, or neck knife.  Its pretty short, so it difficult to get a lot of purchaseon your blade with anything larger, though I guess it could be done if you really tried.Originally got this to test as part of a minimalist kit for use as my sharpener.....I decided there weredefinitely better options for that.This is one of those purchases that ended up totally working out, just not how I thought, as this thing is always with mein my day to day routine.
I bought these for sharpening my skis and they work well.  They're the perfect size to clamp onto your edge tuner.  Make sure to wash them when you're done, and don't let them fill up with wax...
These little guys put a nice edge on my knives, the only drawback I could see was they're on the small side, So you won't easily be sharpening a blade larger than your average pocket knife or maybe a filleting knife in the tacklebox... Bowies and such would just be awkward at best!
I collect many different types of knives. Although most usually come sharpened, I wanted a good portable way of renewing the edge when needed. This sharpener is fast and light weight to carry in a bag or pouch while on trips. The diamond parts sharpen in seconds without any effort at all. Once mastered with a little practice, you will be able to create a perfect edge on any type knife. You will be happy with this fine/ x-fine sharpener.
I have sharpened my own blades for years and own a Lansky kit which is getting a bit old but still has some useful life.  I have several good-sized old rectangular stones but its been so long I've forgotten where I got them and who made them.I selected a diamond sharpener as I found they work best on some stainless steel alloys I've encountered.  I don't ordinarily use a diamond on anything else as it tends to remove metal more aggressively than stones/ceramic and the diamond sharpeners tend to wear out rather quickly.  But admittedly diamond types do the job faster than stones.This is a replacement for my last diamond sharpener, which of course wore out.I've already given this item a preliminary workout by sharpening a stainless blade that was surprisingly hard and giving my Lanskys too much of a workout, but the edge was almost done.  It took a bit of sweat and patience but the DMT performed well and now that tough stainless blade is a hair splitter.I then used this DMT on some other knives for a quick, couple of swipes edge touch-up.This DMT fits the bill.  The handle fold conveniently and protects the sharpener surface when not in use, but when deployed offers a good size hand grip.  I have no worry about the durability of the plastic, it will probably outlast the diamond.The sharpener rectangle is good enough size for small to large blades although I wouldn't use this for machetes, axes or even a CS Laredo.  For blades that big I'll use something else.Because the two sides offered are Fine and Extra-Fine, this sharpener is primarily relegated to light touch-up.  I have only two tests to determine if my blades are sharp to my satisfaction.  1) the ease of shaving hair; and 2) the thumbnail test.I like this product and do recommend it.  I'm just curious on how long the diamond will last.
This may be one of the finest pocket style sharpeners available.The caveat to that is, you have to have some skill with sharpening in order to use.If you don't really have much experience sharpening knives and or don't intend to learn...I would just go with one of the many small "pull the blade through" type of guided sharpeners,(although these tend to take off a lot of material).If you do know what your are doing with it, and you don't forget which side is course and whichis fine, (blue is course), then you really have an excellent tool that is perfect for hiking,camping, and general outdoors use.For the outdoors, I wants something that does a decent job in a short amount of time without damaging,or changing my edge.  Its also got to be lightweight, and fit in my pocket.  This fits those need perfectly.If I take a larger blade, I keep this strapped to it, underneath a ranger band.  Otherwise, I keep itin my "possibles" pouch.Things I dislike....Mainly, the price.  I just think its a bit pricey for something I only intend to use on outdoors trips.If it last for years, that might be a different story, not sure yet.I've seen complaints about the handle seeming cheap.  I'm ok with that, as long as it works, and it does.However, on my particular sharpener, It fits over the stones EXTREMELY tight.  I have to assume that sooneror later, simply opening this thing up repeatedly, after a while, is going to serve to wear at the abrasivesurface, or scratch away enough plastic so that this thing won't stay closed anymore.  Haven't noticed any of this yet, just seems like an inevitability.Anyway, so far, mine has been great and I think its one of the best options for a sharpening system on the go.
Got this to touch up some camping/survival blades and it seems to do the job well.  plastic cover is fairly hard and could probably go through some moderate abuse.  When opened, i like to support the hinge when sharpening (not saying it will break but it makes me feel batter).  Worked very well on my field dressing knife and i just spent a few minutes on the Ontario OKC3S bayonet.  I know the bayonet isnt meant to be &#34;cutting&#34; sharp, but i bought it to be a survival knife (cut rope, saw minor wood, cut clothes, etc.) and the edge I made in 5 minutes was much better than how it came from factory.  It will still require some time and tlc, as the steel seems exceptionally hard.All in all i recommend this product for any on the go sharpening needs.  comes in many grits so choose which ones you get wisely before saying the product doesnt meet your needs!
It's light weight and has gotten a good edge on my pocket knife.  doesn't need oil and it should be perfect for backpacking.  Very happy that it's made in the USA!
Versatile and steady enough. I don't like the rubbber grommets used as feet but that's a minor complaint. A simple design that gets the job done.
I live in an apartment and after attempting to sharpen some knives using other means with the DMT sharpening stones, I decided for safety reasons I needed to get a base. The base itself comes with rubber stoppers you have to install both at the base and where larger stones would sit. It is elevated comfortably enough above the surface it sits on that sharpening has become significantly easier. It does slide a little however on a kitchen counter top. I added some weight to the sides to help hold it down and that seemed to help it sit still better. I kind of wish the base itself was heavier so that I would need to do this every time but it still allows me a much better surface to sharpen my knives.
The only reason I didn't give this item 5 stars is because it's made of plastic and call me old fashion but it just doesn't feel very substantial when I'm using it.  Now other than that this little bad boy is dang near perfect and really helps sharpen knives.
I wanted to give this 5 stars but the sticks are avg. Goal is perfect for young kids in the driveway. Its light, sturdy, easy to put away, and to put together.
Size is decent, but it is a little on the flimsy lightweight side.  Tough to stand up correctly in grass, so when my daughter tries it for field hockey, the hard balls easily knock it down, and once busted apart the connections.  It didn't fully break though, and with a little tightening, and lighter pucks, balls, etc. works fine.  Best suited for rubber balls and street hockey on smooth surfaces.
Used consistently for garage hockey. Easy to assemble and light to lift goal. Sticks are holding up well. Good starter set.
This is a great gift for our kids.  They use them all the time.  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the construction of the goals are somewhat thin pvc piping that I worry will break easily.  That said, it has stood up to some rough play so far and has provided hours of fun.
I've had Explorers for years and love them, EXCEPT for one thing--the crappy scissors.  When is Victorinox going to put a decent pair of scissors on a knife.
This knife is something I've carried for many years.  I alternate between the Wenger and Victorinox versions.  The Wenger version has a better spring mechanism for the scissors and is slightly larger overall.  I'll upload a picture of both alongside a larger knife so you can compare.This is a great knife; it's amazing how often I use it.  I carry it so often that I've lost a few, occasionally due to airport security.  This is about as small as could be useful, the Wenger is a little easier to use for my larger hands.  I find the file and scissors the most useful.  I usually keep the knife either on a keychain or attached to a small tag so it's easier to hold when in use.The knife is made of quality stainless and doesn't rust even though mine has been sent through the laundry many times.  In fact it comes out rather clean after a wash in a pair of jeans ;-)4 stars for a very useful tool and part of daily life for many years, not 5 because the flimsy spring on the scissors can get bent and cause problems.
This is a nice little pocket knife. I'd rather call it a key chain knife.  Perfect size to use it as a key chain.I'm not sure about the quality.  It looks like it is only good for very light jobs.  But it will be there when I need it because it is with my keys.
Very small and light. Right at home on a key chain.  The knife blade was very sharp when i received this.  While it is not intended for heavy duty use (of course) it is great to have in your pocket.
it is what it is.  i knew what i ordered... no biggie... i have been using one for the last 20 years.
Very good edition to any keychain.  I'm very rough on keys and this had held up very well, aside from a few surface dings and scratches it is good as new, no loss of functionality at all.  It has a small knife, small emory board/file, scissors (very good function on these) tweezers and a toothpick.  Very durable little keychain knife.
Great gift for 11 year old.  The accessories are easy to open and close. Rounded edges won't wear holes in pockets.  Good size for hands of an 11 year old.  Would buy again.
FYI this is a &#34;mini&#34; knife set. I overlooked the sizing. It works really well though, and despite being small the knife is relatively sharp and sturdy. I really like the scissors too.
As soon as I learned that TSA has announce plans to allow small knives starting April 25, I rushed to my computer and bought a new one.The knife is a great basic tool - small scissors, tweezers, a small knife, and a nail file/flat screwdriver.  I wish that it had an LED light, and some mini pliers would be nice, but this is pretty good for a key ring.More detail on the TSA: according to what I've read, the TSA is planning to allow knives under 6 centimeters in length and 1.27 centimeters in width, starting April 25, 2013.  I suppose plans could change, but from what I can tell, this should qualify.Update: After some more research, I probably prefer theVictorinox Midnite Manager, which adds a Philips screwdriver, a bottle opener, and a pen, but loses the tweezers and toothpick.  This is still a great tool, though, and less pricey, so poke around and see what you like.
I carry this around on my keychain and use it for daily activities when the need for a tool arrives.  This knife is very handy.
This is a small, sharp and useful device. I have purchased a couple of these to keep on my keychains. Given the choice, I find the utility of the Victorinox Rally a lot better. The difference is the scissors are replaced with a bottle opener and slotted screwdriver. I personally find those things more useful, but a well made useful device nonetheless.
Many backpackers like this for it's utility and lightness (one ounce or two).  I like it because it is a slip joint without a lot of strength to it, so no real snapping back on the fingers.  Great first knife for a young scout to learn knife safety with.  Really, great utility knife for almost anyone to carry.  Some find the file, scissors and toothpick provide the most utility.  A bit over-priced, in my opinion, though.
Like countless other dads over the years i got this for my ten year old for his first pocket knife and he loved it before announcing that it was too small and inquiring as to the possibility of obtaining a switch blade to replace it.  After a brief but intense discussion, he is now quite happy to still have access to this little tool.  What can really be said about a product like this other than &#34;it lives up to it's reputation&#34;.  The company and the product have been around forever and it does exactly what you would expect it to.  No one is going to cut down a tree, or cut anything more substantial than some heavy twine with this but it's a great introduction to responsible tool ownership and use and an essential accessory for every well rounded American boy.
I'll start by saying this knife may be small, but it is sturdy. It is perfect to carry on you keyring as it's small size won't make your keys excessively bulky and yet it has everything you'd need for day to day uses. It has a knife that is great for cutting small items (string and packaging etc) and although i've had mine for years it is still as sharp as the day I bought it. The scissors may be a touch fiddly but they are sharp and function well. The file and screwdriver have also come in handy at various times. These knives are always well made and their reputation is well deserved, they manage to be aesthetically pleasing, easy to use and sturdy all at the same time, no mean feat. A good entry level swiss army knife and perfect for small jobs whilst out and about.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I had been carrying a regular SA Classic and wanted to get the Alox one.PROS:Metal durability and lookSlimmer than the plastic onesCONS:You lose the toothpick and tweezers
I really like this MT and give it 4 stars, and the reason it is not 5 stars is because I noticed that although the multi tools lock in place and work very well, its moves slightly when I wiggle it with my fingers. Compared to my leatherman Charge TTi, the charge TTi tools lock and do not move %100. The swisstool RS locks but does not move %98. OVerall even though it moves very slightly if I wiggle it with my fingers, It does not hinder performance. I like the fit and finish, the polish i believe withstands rust better than the leatherman, but I have not yet to see either rust.I do not like the pouch it comes with, when I got it i noticed a lot of tiny fine hairs shedding inside it and it got stuck in between the multi tools so I had to clean it off and wipe it down with some rubbing alchohol, I do not like that the fine threading sheds because I do not want to ingest or inhale it by accident and could be a potential health hazard. Also I do not like how the tools are a bit tough to pick out with your fingernail but I have healthy strong nails so I have practiced getting them out, but I am sure it can hurt your nails for most people. I believe the tools get easier to pick out with your fingernail over time as you use it more. Not a deal breaker though I still like this tool a lot.Overall this is a high quality product that I like and i am happy I bought it.
This is my initial review.  I will update this after using it in Afghanistan.BLUF:  I would buy another one should something happen to this one right now and would recommend it to a friend.  I have used two other brands of multitools extensively for the last 13 years and this product is more solid and feels better made.  Each tool can be extended without pulling out other tools and does so smoothly yet firmly enough not to feel cheap or to come out when you pull the tool next to it out.  The tensioner on the back of each handle is very finely cut to produce an individual tensioner for each tool.  The tools themselves are very general purpose and don't seem to be designed for any particular trade or use.  The pivot pin of the pliers is smooth, has no spring or tension to it, nor any lateral/sideways movement.  The case fits well and doesn't slide around much at all on my 2" utility belt.  The tool arrived well oiled appearing to have been cared for until packaged for distribution.My overall initial impression is this tool strikes a good balance of tension and smoothness to provide a quality tool suitable for general purpose work.  It would certainly suffice until more appropriate tools were on hand.  I will edit this review after the tool has loosened up and I have had a chance to use and sharpen all of the tools. (Update 1:  The carry pouch for the tool closes via a button which I have not been able to master.  It takes some finesse to close properly and if it is hit just right it will open unknowingly.  I've recently replaced it with an old multi-tool case that has a velcro closure because I fly helicopters with the doors off.  The case itself is the sturdiest of the four nylon cases I have owned in the past and the closure suffices for day to day uses, but if you do work where the tool could fall out if the button were not snapped, I would either look at getting a different case or know you will have to modify the existing one.  I have downgraded my review from a 5/5 to a 4/5 because I believe the people that use a multi-tool like this on a daily basis are probably performing a job that would require a more secure closure; however, if I were to rate the tool itself, I would rate it 5/5.)
This is a beautifully constructed, solid tool. Being so it is on the heavy side. The only faults that I find with it are: the phillips head screwdriver blade is hard to remove and there are three slot head screwdriver blades. In this day and age it is rare to find a slot headed screw and rarer still to need three different blades. On the other hand, the one phillips headed screw driver is of an in-between size (size 1?), a larger or smaller one would be more useful. I have found that it works fairly well with larger Phillips head screws.The locking mechanism for the blades is positive and easy to remove.I agree that the snap closure on the holster is inadequate.If the combination that includes three flat screw driver blades works for you then this tool is nearly perfect.
This is a very nice tool, feel like I'm a fancy engineer or something when I hold it. Now engineeringwise, its kind of tough to get to some of the tools and when they come out, they are at a weird angle. I ordered this along with a bunch of other items and found myself reaching for my Leatherman Sidekick's blade to open the other items. Like that everything locks.
I don't see this as a serious every day tool - there are far better (and more expensive) knives out there.  If you really need a knife, adding one with too many multitools makes it too awkward.  Alternatively, if you really do need a lot of tools, this knife isn't it.  No corkscrew (I actually use that one) or scissors (ditto) or saw (same there when I can find a sharp one).But it's a great starter knife for a kid or as one to throw into a kit or glove compartment just to have something.As a pocket knife - it's serviceable. Victorinox is the official Swiss Army knife of course. This one isn't super high quality, but it's pretty decent. Since the description doesn't tell you the tools, here they are with comments. Let me first just say that saying it has 12 tools is misleading - many are "combo" tools that kind of don't merit being called separate items. I had to look up the description on their website to find them all (again the packaging has a nice picture to help you also):1) Standard Phillips head. Stands up so that it is roughly emerging from the middle of the handle making a T shape. Good for leverage, bad for any kind of tight space that cannot accomodate the turning radius of the handle or that needs length on the blade to reach down in as the metal portion of the screw driver is only 1.5" (look at me getting out my tape measure!)2) Long blade - this would be your main knife blade. Clicks securely into place - so long as you don't do anything that goes against the safety rules in the boyscout (and used to be in the girl scout thank you very much) manual, you should be fine! Takes a fairly intentional (but not unreasonable) amount of force to close. Doable by a child by the way, but definitely not loose enough to present obvious hazards. Comes reasonably sharp, sharpens up real nice by stone. Haven't used enough to say if it holds the edge well, but theoretically being Swiss steel it should? Did not see a rating on it and was hasty enough to have already tossed the packaging well over a week ago. Reasonable balance if holding by the handle - enough for good control. Reasonable utility. Length is 2 and 5/8" if measuring all the way down to where it emerges from the handle (as the TSA pictures do) meaning it is, unfortunately too long to take on a plane under the new rules about to go into effect. (only 2 1/4" is sharp though). Just under 1/2" at its widest point.3/4) Can opener with small flathead screw driver - This is one of those hard to use, easy to cut yourself with can openers that you will none the less love if you are in a pinch and the only food you have is in a can with no pull top (getting rarer all the time). It's basically a hook that goes under the can lid and a sharpened part that stabs into and mangles the metal. Some people are really good at using these...I can usually get the food out of the can in 5 minutes with minimal blood loss. The "small screw driver" is a flat bit at the top of this tool. Again, very problematic if you are in any kind of tight space. The width of the "can opener" blade will prevent it from going far in and the length of the tool at 1.5" doesn't give you much to work with past the handle anyway. This does come out directly from the end of the handle though...not in a T like the phillips. Honestly, I'd find something else to use in most cases if at all possible. If you slip, there's a sharp can opener to cut yourself with. Joy!5/6/7) Cap lifter or Bottle opener (same thing)/Wire stripper/large flathead. Well, same comments on the screw driver as with the small flathead except that its bigger and no sharp hazards when it slips. As for the "cap lifter" or "bottle opener" - yep, it opened my can. But it slipped on the first try - not as good as the one built into the handle of my Oxo can opener, that's for sure. Could use more of a "hook." But it's okay. Wire stripper though...that's just a joke. I'm an electrical engineer and I can't for the life of me think what wire I'd strip with this. It's just a non-sharpened notch. You'd need a wire of exactly the right size with sleeving precut, loose, and not so long you can push it without the wire slipping out of the notch. As I said...I can't think what wire that would be that I'd ever run into. Seriously, this seems next to useless. If you NEED a wire stripper, this isn't it. You might have better luck stripping your wire with creative use of the "can opener"8) Small knife blade. Good for finer things (scratching corrosion off of small parts for instance?) but probably less useful (to me anyway) than the large blade. 1 5/8" from the handle to tip, 1 1/2" of which is sharpened. Comes out of the opposite end of the large blade just in case you're one of the people who has some odd use case (that I have not yet fathomed) why this matters.9) Reamer - skinny little tool with a sharp blade reminiscent of one half of a scissor blade. If you don't know what a reemer is, go on...google it (using the search term "reamer blade on pocket knife". You'll learn something! Basically it's for making holes in material or cleaning up rough edges. The little hole in it is (apparently, according to the internet) for assisting with sewing applications...maybe. This also comes out from the middle to make a T shape with the handle. That's probably for the best if you're punching holes in leather honestly...more control I'd think?10) Toothpick - it's one of those little white plastic jobbies. I've only known one person ever who used this...and it gets gross and chewed looking easy. This particular one seems a little bendy and easy to break (didn't take it to that point, but it seems it would be easy)...so not so good even for something where you just need something stiff and pokey (shut up...)11) Tweezer - also a small little thing that comes out of the handle - metal, easy to bend, but actually kinda better than I thought it would be. Can get an okay grip with it. Would be useful for slivers or where you need to pick up something with slighly more precision than fingers can manage.12) Key ring - *sigh* this is a feature, not a tool...but yes, this is listed as the 12th tool. Seems okay...secure which is good if you're going to hang this knife off a string (I do). Kinda small but I don't see where that's a downside...keeps you from putting other stuff on the same keyring.Also a few more things to mention:Comes oiled. As in, it got oil all over my fingers while I was opening the tools. Good...mostly.Handle - seems reasonable quality, but the way the metal insert (with all the tools) is set into it, it's not the most comfortable. Has some "edges" to it (the straight edges of the metal insert and of the tools) that are that you will feel if you work with it. Less comfortable than a good pocket knife that is just a pocket knife.On the whole - not a bad pocket knife at all. Seems good quality. A bit lacking on tools, but honestly, I feel most of the tools a person could add (though I do like saws and scissors) are not all that useful in this form anyway. Quite serviceable for a whittling knife - would be a good starter knife for a (responsible...) child or handy for a generic tool kit or camping kit. None of the tools (including the knife) is as good as the tool itself as a good single item, but most will serve if you have nothing else, which in a swiss army knife is kind of the point.Probably worth it for fifteen bucks or so...more than that and I'd consider other options.  Honestly?  Best bet is go to a store, look at and handle a selection and choose the one that best fits you.
This knife has lasted me over 4 years already ,but anyways there is one bad thing about this knife, it can easily get scratched if dropped, which is a problem i have encountered many times. but the cool thing is that if you drop it in a pond or a lake, it will not rust at all, it is a very good knife and have only lost the toothpick and the tweezers,and this knife is almost indestructible. i could try and smash it with a hammer and it would be perfectly fine. but do not attempt to smash it or it could leave a dent on the steel. also, all Victorinox knives are made in Switzerland.BOTTOM LINE:best knife ever!!!
I have had three Tinkers over the years.  The first one I liked best, as it was the smaller size and had a nice black handle.  It is a great size to carry at all times, and forget about it until you need it.  I did miss the scissors at first until I realized something.  If I kept one blade razor sharp, I only very rarely needed scissors.you can use the large blade for everyday use, and just keep the small blade as a backup, always razor sharp.  Another reviewer mentioned that you should remove the key ring.  I agree wholeheartedly, and I went one step further.  After you remove the key ring, grind down the nub that the key ring went through (with a bench grinder or Dremel grinding wheel) and it is so much smoother and fits in your pocket without poking your leg at all.  The only disadvantage I can think of is that the plastic that the handles are made of are not as rugged as the rest of the knife.  After carrying my first one for about 7 years and dropping it a few times, the handles loosened up and eventually fell off.  Victorinox is making some newer models at a lower price point with red nylon handles.  The handles are much more durable, but the Swiss cross is just painted on and looks very cheezy.  My original, smaller Tinker had a philips screwdriver that was shaped to blend in to the rest of the shape.  The newer ones are just round and not quite as nice.  I might be ready for my fourth Tinker, hehehe.  If they would just make one with the smaller body, with the rivted aluminum handles and managed to keep the toothpick and tweezers...Update: 18Apr2012 - I just bought another one of these, as I amateur welded a notch in the main blade by cutting into a live power cord. So it's pretty much ruined, unless I want to consider it a combination blade/wire stripper. I read the most recent reviews, and was pretty excited that the specs state this is the 3-1/4" model. Some reviewers mentioned that too. But the one I got is just the regular old 3-1/2" Tinker. Just something to be aware of. If you want the Small Tinker (the better choice, in my opinion) then you'l have to order it somewhere else.
Let's cut to the chase; you want a basic toolset that'll fit in your pocket and won't break. This is it. It's sturdy but short and thin enough to fit in your pocket and has the most common handy tools (minus the Phillips head! The description says it has a Phillips head screwdriver but it does not!).If you're not super serious about being a handy man but just want something that can remove splinters, cut loose threads, open boxes, etc., this is it.
My daughter said "the grip wasn't the best, and it didn't bounce as well as other balls she has had in the past". She is only ten years old but she loves basketball and the ball was for her so I thought you should hear her point of view. The ball has been serviceable and is very good for the price.  I must also say that it has taken a beating with all my children and the neighbors children as well giving it a torture treatment every day , yet it still bounces and it still is in one piece.
I bought these boats to float around in the lake while my wife snorkels.  I tie them together so one is my pack mule boat and one is for me.  They work great.  I'm over 6'2" and 210lbs and I haven't popped one yet.
This thing was a trooper! took it on a tubing trip down 3 different rivers lazy and rough. the oars were great it comes with a hand pump works great till i slid down a dam with do rough rocks and bottom tore but still stayed up above water great buy for cost just dont drag it on floor or scrape on rough rocks. but it was loads of fun and held up and im 350lbs and a case of beer!
Good for the price! Have had a lot of fun with this but it does lose the air fairly easily so before you take it out make sure it is nice & full and then have fun!
This is not anything but a toy, kids enjoyed them on vacation then we threw them away. The price is right.
I have been using Dr. Bronner's soap daily for years as my shampoo & soap. I keep it in the shower. We have used many different scents & I never travel without the 2oz travel-sized bottle.We have not found this to be a good dish soap but we know some people who swear by it. It does not create many suds & the dishes do not appear to get super clean. We have taken this soap camping to wash dishes, occasional clothing, utensils, camp stoves, etc. We do like to use this while camping.We uses the Sal Suds Concentrated Soap to wash our floors, bathrooms, fruits & veggies, etc.This 1 bottle lasts me almost a year so I become a little tired of the smell. It is intense. I made the mistake once of buying a gallon to refill my bottle & I was so sick of the smell that I almost dumped it down the drain!& take the time to read the bottle (or watch the documentary).  This guy is a hoot!
Love this soap and its gentleness. However, it needs diluting to really reap the benefits. Without dilution, it can be drying. I mix mine with 50/50 water. Sometimes I add extra virgin olive oil to make it more moisturizing. All in all, I love it as my shower soap and salivate over the almond-hemp smell!
I used this as body soap for its gentle cleaning and I like the almond fragrance.  Too many soaps are designed to remove all the natural oils from your skin but we need those to keep the skin from becoming too dry.  I would have liked to see this product be a bit more viscous so that it doesn't just run off of the loufa.  Overall this product i recommend this product.
This is my favorite scent out of all of the Dr Bronner's scents. My only problem is that whenever I have a cut anywhere, the citrus in this soap stings me. I don't have this problem with the bar soap version. I usually have either the almond or lavender liquid soaps as well so that I can switch them out when this happens. Also, none of these works well as a shampoo so I wouldn't use it for that purpose.
This is good stuff, smells strongly of Peppermint, even when diluted. If you are good with that you will love this stuff for cleaning your body, countertops, etc. Be advised that if using this to clean your body a little bit goes a long way. If you are at all sensitive you may want to use the Baby mild or perhaps the Almond formula as this soap leaves your skin literally tingling. I feel cleaner and more refreshed when using this soap on my body than any bar soap I have ever used. Good stuff.
I use this as a travel laundry detergent, and for handwashing when hotels don't provide liquid soap. It has no scent other than a mildly soapy smell, which is nice. It doesn't dry hands even when used at full concentration. This is a nice little bottle that doesn't leak.
First, let me tell you that I have not yet ordered the larger size bottle from Amazon, but sure will! I wanted to try it first by getting the smallest bottle from Kroger to see how I liked it.I started by filling up my hand soap dispensers and then showering with it and I really like it! My skin feels so light and clean and not dry at all.I have not shampooed with it (a little scared to although I don't know why?); nor have I cleaned with it yet. For cleaning, I only use a vinegar/water spray and I'm happy with that.The peppermint is invigorating and fun but a friend of mine tells me I might like some of the other fragrances better. I would love to try them all!Once I have tried other things, I might update my review to 5 stars but didn't think it was quite honest or fair to do so yet.You'll be glad you made the switch!
I had my hopes high for this soap, and I was not disappointed. I did not try the bar version of this, only the liquid and it is pretty impressive. First thing I noticed when opening the box up is that there are A LOT of words on the bottle. It is some serious bathroom-reading material, has stuff on there not even related to the soap. Forget smartphone poops, it's going to be peppermint poops from now on. Next, when using a loofah it builds an amazing lather. Only a few drops will build enough lather to form a beard worthy of Santa himself. What else is good is that when using it, it tingles the body after a few seconds AND it smells just like candy canes. So while you're tingly and refreshed, you'll be smelling candy canes for the duration of the shower. So let me summarize all this up in simple pro and con form.Pros:Builds great latherSmells like candy canesLots of reading material on bottleTinglesCons:Soap itself is just barely more viscous than water, easy to use too much (if trying to ration)Price is higher than other body-washCandy cane smell does not last long, and is not powerful once dry
I've been using this for years.  I first purchased it for camping as it is non polluting.  But I love this stuff.  It's easy on my skin which is kind of sensitive.  I hear you can us it as shaving cream but have not tried that yet.
I've been using Dr. Bronner's for many decades. It's my favorite camping soap, but is a refreshing wash-up anywhere. I use it to freshen water bottles too. It gets rid of that funny plastic taste and smell. Larger quantities are cheaper than the smaller bottles you might find at your local mountainously overpriced sports stores. I gave it four stars because I do prefer the original formula that was stronger and left a size-able tingle on your skin, but even toned down it's a great soap. I'll continue to buy it.
The soap smells nice, lathers up easily and leaves me feeling clean and refreshed. I am a firefighter and after being exposed to smoke from burning plastics etc the smell stays with you for a day or two. I use this soap and it seems to get rid of that nasty smokey feeling after the first shower. I have it in my locker at work and in my shower at home. I will probably never buy any other soap at this point. I like the tip from others about using a foaming dispenser...will try that for sure.I dinged it one star due to the preachy label. I peeled the label off as soon as I got it since it only has a few lines about the actual product and ingredients, all the rest is like scripture. If religion is your thing, good for you, but I don't need it in my face and I don't need a religious message on the stuff that I am paying for.
I purchased the 16 oz bottle of this nifty gifty as part of my research for when I'm out and about traveling. :)I was mainly interested in how well it cleans the body, how well it acts as shampoo, soap, tooth paste, and cleaning laundry. For the latter, it does very well cleaning laundry. I had a worn down, not so great smelling pair of shorts that I washed with vinegar, but the stench was still present. When I bought Dr. Bronners, I did the same thing and the smell was gone, replaced with the peppermint scent of the soap, which is a welcome addition. :)As a toothpaste? It's definitely more of a "function over fashion" kinda thing. Has a very soapy quality to it, as one would expect. But hey, it cleans the mouth/teeth, and that's what's important. Just chew some gum or clean your palette with something else if it's unbearable. For me, it was fine--didn't bother me.For shampoo? Don't use a lot of it as it does dry the hair quickly. It doesn't last after you've washed your hair and dried it, but the hair will be hard to manage during the process.Overall, I'm not very sure if I'll be exclusively bringing this along with my traveling. I think it'd be necessary for washing my clothes, so I will have a couple travel sized bottle of this bad boy with me. ;D And it'll also be good for emergencies, when I don't have body wash, shampoo, tooth paste, or if I need it to clean something else.I hope my review has helped! Just reiterating, it's a GREAT product. But when a person is able to bring as many 3 oz bottles that can fit comfortably in a zip lock bag, there's really no point in JUST bringing Dr. Bronner's, which is what I was interested in. :) It's definitely not something to knock points off of this product.
I hike with this soap because it's easily biodegradable and multi-purpose. You barely need more than a drop for much of anything. But, it lathers A LOT so be weary of brushing your teeth with it. It made me choke.
I've been using Dr.B's mint soap for decades.  I used to buy the liter bottle, but it's so concentrated and you use so little, that it lasts a long time.  There's no preservatives in it; so as you get to the bottom of the bottle, the soap starts smelling old, or rancid.  If you're a slow user, keep half of it in a hand pump or spray bottle, keep the original bottle in the fridge.
Been using this for years. A little goes a long way, and it gets you clean and minty. Makes your eyelids and, um, some other parts, tingle like mad, to the point of being nearly annoying, but it is a transient sensation. Don't get this stuff in your eyes while wearing contacts, burns like hell. But that is true of many soaps.  I use this stuff for both soap and shampoo, it is gentle enough for that, at least for a (non-metro) guy.
It cleans, it rinses, it smells great, it lasts forever. I prefer rose, lavender, and tea tree, over peppermint but rose is pleasant enough to wash with every day.
Love the lavendar scent and the gentleness of the soap. I typically dilute it for hand soap in the bathroom, kitchen and some times for the hair.
We love this soap as it lathers well and smells terrific.  The dispenser is very convenient in the shower.  The only thing about this soap is that it is very hard on the eyes.  Take care not to get this stuff in your eyes!
I use this primarily as an office chair and it is subjected to daily use... so far so good!  I do like using it and it seems pretty rugged.
The last set of these wheels lasted 2 seasons of abuse by my 10 yr old. Decent wheels for the price.
I have tried a few different camping mattress and this one is by far the most comfortable that I have tried.  I would even rather sleep on this instead of a full blown Aerobed.  I am 5' 8&#34; / 170 lbs.  Not sure how this would work for anyone significantly bigger.This is ideal car camping, ie: not backing.  I wouldn't want to rely on this if I am out in the woods far from civilization for several days.  There is only one continuous chamber and if you spring just one leak, you would be totally out of luck.  Other backpacking mattresses typically seem to have multiple chambers or some foam inside that could help get you through if there was a single leak.  Have to say this one is much more comfortable though.Pros:* Very comfortable.* Not very heavy.* Blue top material feels more comfortable than straight smooth vinyl* Little built in pillow is a nice touch... although probably will still bring a small pillow to be more comfortable.* Did I say.... VERY COMFORTABLE.Cons:* No carrying case, but they never advertised it came with one so not taking a star away for that.* Takes a little while to blow up and doesn't come with any sort of pump to help.  Took me about 4 minutes and getting light headed to blow it up.* Might not be suitable for extended use &#34;out in the wild&#34;.
I ordered this mattress because of the price, weight, and size.  I was looking for something small and it worked pretty well.  By morning the mattress was needing a little more air and got soft.  It didn't loose so much air that I was on the ground so I was perfectly OK with it.
Haven't used it yet at the campground, but tested it at home and works fine. Use a toothpick to hold the valve open so you can deflate it easily. If you sit on it and your butt just touches the ground, your at the right pressure.For the price, I would recommend it for occasional use. If your a hard core camper you may want a name brand. It suits my needs perfectly.
We took a pair of these out camping this past weekend. Two twin air mattresses do not fit in our tent, so I would take my ultra light back thermarest and was too thin.  So I got this and tried it out on our living room floor.  Worked great, so I got my wife one.  Its comfortable and doesnt take up a bunch of room.The downside is the valve makes it tough to use pumps.  You basically have to either jimmy rig your pump or blow it up manually.. also deflating takes longer than most other sleeping pads.
Haven't went camping yet, but have tried it out on the living room floor. The flaw I see in this product is the air valve. You have to squeeze it while inflating or deflating. Makes the two processes more difficult than they need to be. Took 7-10 mins to blow it up, but took just as long or longer to deflate it to pack it away.Air valve aside, it's a good product. I'm 6' 270lbs and the mattress supported me well. Was reasonably comfortable to lay on. Material seems tough enough to hold up to regular use. Overall, good product for the price.EDIT: Just took the thing camping, worked great. Didn't lose any air over night, was comfortable to sleep on. Worth the money.
As I approach middle age I've become far less enthusiastic about sleeping on the ground.  In preparation for a five night camping trip, I started shopping for inflatable mattresses. The self-inflatable sleeping pads are awfully nice, but I needed more than one so this cheaper option ($11 at the time) won out.As for the mattress, it worked well and I would generally recommend it.  The thick vinyl construction is noticeably better that the thin camping pads you'll find in big box stores.  While any air mattress has the real potential to leak, I did not experience any leaks in five days using two new mattresses.  One possible downside to the heavy construction is an air mattress that is probably too heavy for backpacking. I also agree with other reviewers that the pool float valve isn't great, but I was able to make it work (with the Coghlan's bellows pump) without major trouble.This pad should fit one average sized person reasonably well, though there is little excess room on the sides.  Inflated, I measure it at almost exactly 24" x 72".  This pad is probably best for back sleepers, as there isn't any extra room to roll around. I found the mattress to be much more comfortable if you inflate it to only around 70% capacity. Less air makes it less rigid, and it will better conform to your body.  Though not a premium camping pad, this mattress delivers a big improvement in comfort for campers on a budget.2014 update: I paid around eleven bucks for this item, but I've noticed recently that the price has crept up.  At the same time, less expensive self-inflating pads have hit the market. For about twice the money, you can now get a budget Thermarest or Alps self-inflating pad.  Though I do still like this mattress, it's not quite the value it once was.
I have been so sick of failed air mattresses that deflate or get the mystery holes, and you spend a lot of money on them.  I decided to try these.  I bought three of them, one for myself and my two kids. This is much more comfortable to me as when I shared a mattress with my kids I would be the one squishing it down, as I weigh much more than them, and waking up with my hips on the ground; which really killed my back!  These mattresses can be a pain to air up and deflate, but with the use of a pump both of those processes are much easier.
inflated easily, and was very durable i will buy more for all my sleeping bags for next camping trip.  Still a little big for hiking bag though
I purchased 3 of these before a 4 day camping trip in North Idaho. I've always been on the lookout for alternatives to the traditional large blow up air mattresses that most people use while camping, which I have always found uncomfortable, unreliable, and a pain In the ass. These little mattresses worked great. The wife and kids loved them. They slept comfortably for 4 nights. The mattresses did not go flat or lose air. For the price, I would totally recommend these for camping. The only gripe I have is that they take awhile to inflate. Make sure you have a pump, because blowing these up with lung power could be a big chore.If you're thinking about buying this for backpacking, don't bother. They are bulky and heavy when deflated.
This is a good quality blow up camping mattress.  The pillow section is a nice touch an adds a bit of elevation under your head.  The mattress compacts down very flat when deflated.  It already takes some time to blow up, but a few more inches of width would have made a big difference in my sleep quality.  The first night I used mine, I rolled off of it sometime during the night and did not chose to get back on.
I needed something light-weight and comfortable to accompany me on a 4 day, 440 bike ride. This air mattress fit the bill perfectly. It is light-weight, packs small, and it is very durable.
I have not had this mattress out yet but did blow it up and take it down to see how long it would take me and how hard it was.It only took a few minutes to blow it up by mouth and a little longer to take it down.  You do have to hold the valve open whendeflating this mat but for me that is not a deal breaker.  I am going on a kayak trip and I wanted something a little more thanjust a thermal rest because I want to have a little extra padding when sleeping on the ground and this seems like it will work for me.
Bought this air mattress for camping out with the kids. Used it a couple times, with several different size people (child to large adult), everyone seemed to find it comfortable.  I like the fabric surface, still want to try it with only a blanket underneath and cover.  I have difficulty lying in one spot, this is an issue for this mattress, as it's not wide enough to roll over, etc.  Overall, I found the mattress a good value.Pros:PriceSurface material (not all vinyl)Length is very good, I'm 5' 10&#34;, plenty of room leftCan handle a heavy person (230 lb) without hitting groundCons:Width - which is obvious from looking at it online
It's not a Thermarest, but it's also a fraction of the cost.  For the casual camper, this mattress works.  It's far more comfortable than those thin Coleman pads.  As others have mentioned, it's a bit of a pain to inflate and deflate, but it's not that bad.  I'm happy with the purchase.
My son wears these and seems to really like them. He doesn't have much trouble with them filling up with water while swimming and they stay fairly fog-free. They do sit close to the eye and his eyelashes get squished against them.
My son was on our local pool swim team.  Between meets and just splashing around in the pool, I'd say they worked great.  No leaks (if put on right).  He loved them.  Hope they last through next year.  So far so good!
I have a philosophy about my new commuting experience that can be summed up as visibility trumps cool.  If you are rich or if you are seriously touring at night (I guess folks do that) go drop a couple of hundred on a fancy light.  Essentially, this will do.  The Bell light makes light and flashes.  I am more concerned with people seeing me at dusk or dawn than I am lighting up the road.  It is fairly cheap construction, but it shouldn't take a lot of pounding riding back and forth to work.  The light is inexpensive and it works.  If you are concerned with batteries and the environment, buy a generator light... or at least rechargeable batteries for this one.
Item arrived quickly. This was a gift purchase- have two other sets. Headlamp has four settings a bright and a dimmer incandescent setting, as well as two settings for the two leds, one constantly on and one blinking. The bright incandescent setting provides good lighting for night rides, but is not to be mistaken for one of the expensive headlamps which light up the roadway. Batts are 4 AA and they last approx an hour on the brightest setting with rechargables and then defaults to the LED continuously on setting. This setting stays on for over 24 hours. Provides enough light to see your way home, as well as being seen.Tail lamp uses AAA batts and has multiple settings for constant on as well as different blink modes. Only flaw is that the tail lamp assembly can work loose in the housing, particularly if you have a seat pack. That said a piece of tape keeps it from coming out. Battery life is great, still on the original set after many night rides. Light is bright and shows up well.Can't beat this set for the price. Alkaline batts seem to last longer, I carry a spare set.
This is the standard for most cycles I've seen.  Every feature is well designed and it works as I hoped for.  My only concern was when the tensioning required to keep the front lamp handlebar mount broke the clamp, I discovered the clamp is not sold separately I had to buy the entire set in order to replace it.
I rarely ride at night but there have been a couple of bicycle/vehicle accidents in my town recently and I figured a little visibility is worth 15 bucks if it prevents me from an accident. The directions are not very detailed and it took me a few minutes to figure out how to install the batteries (4-AA for the head lamp and 2-AAA for the tail light). They both work great, both have multiple functions to suit the type of riding you are doing. It took some finagling to get the head lamp mounted because of the front reflector and mySchwinn 17-Function Bike Computer. I was a little disappointed in the back light for two reasons: (1) myTopeak Explorer Bike Rackhas a mounting plate for a light, but this one comes with a seat-post mount and (2) the tab you push down to release the light from the bracket broke the first time I tried to separate the pieces. So now I have no mount and a tail light I can't attach to my bike (yet). A great concept set though and I would still buy it again!
For the price, this light is hard to beat. Over the years, I have used approximately twenty different bicycle lights by brands such as Cateye, Cygolite and Planet Bike. While some of these were significantly better than the Bell, they were also three to ten times as expensive. If you don't mind the large mass of four AA batteries on your handlebars and have under twenty dollars to spend, the Bell Night Trail bicycle light is the way to go.The real downside to having the batteries in the enclosure is the hazard created when the housing becomes dislodged during an impact. While this has not happened with the Bell light, it did occur with a Planet Bike light while riding through traffic in NYC. The distraction was extremely dangerous. Losing half of the batteries was not fun either.Fortunately, the Bell light has a sturdy enclosure where the top half slides backwards to open. This makes it almost impervious to front and vertical impacts.  However, the internal latches never quite give you a clear indication that it is closed. Rather, you must squeeze the top downward and push forward simultaneously until you can't move it further.Much like the headlight, the taillight compares well to more expensive lights. Similar to competing products, it has various blinking modes as a well as an always-on setting. Due to the design of the lens, light escapes from the sides and top of the light. Such side lighting is crucial for riding in urban areas.The build quality is good but not on par with the $100+ lighting systems. But again, the selling point of this light is overall value. Some of the nicer features include a bright Xenon bulb paired with miserly LED lights that can blink for hours. Unlike some of the MR11-based bulbs (parabolic track lighting bulbs), the lens assembly has two ports on the right and left sides. This spreads light perpendicularly to the path of travel, which is a nice feature when in traffic. These features combined with a very modest price make this light an excellent choice for the budget conscious.ProsValueBrightnessCombination of LED and Xenon modesDecent build qualitySide lighting on headlightConsQuestionable design of battery compartment (top half of headlight)BulkyLEDs could be brighter
The pump works fine. Filled the bed in about a minute. But if I need another (or a replacement) I'd get one that works on household AC power.  This needs 4 D cells.  Since I expect to use it only occasionally, the batteries might be dead by then.Of course, running on batteries is better during a power outage ... but, come to think of it, I don't need any power to sleep in my bed. (Just to get up, some mornings.)Since I've only used it once, I can't attest to relaibility.
I bought this to go with a group of items to be used in a camping basket.  I didn't personally use the item.
I would give this 5 stars if there was some sort of space on the charger where you can store the extra heads.  I'm pleased this product is not excessively loud, I live in an apartment and don't feel self-conscious about blowing up my guest beds.  Also, it works super fast, my twin coleman quickbed mattresses blow up in less than a minute.  I recommend purchasing this product.
Ok, I bought the pump to blow up the pontoons on my personal fishing craft...and I found out it didn't have enough force to open the valve to fill the pontoons...BUT...if I was just filling items where air velocity isn't important I'd be very happy with it...so...long story short...I had no issues with it working...put's out lots of air...easy to manipulate...but...if you're looking for more air velocity...look elsewhere.
Very very powerful. It blows all kinds of air products in just a minute. I cut one star because it is just too much noisy. Maybe in that powerful mode it can't be lower noise. Anyway it is embarrassing if your air mattress leaks during midnight. It will wake up a few friends, let alone your family on the mattress.The battery lasts very long. It brings another side effect of heavier overall weight to other products.But I still recommend this to you. Never buy those 4 x D battery pumps.
I have a Coleman mattress and for years I was trying to get by using the cheapo pumps. They worked, but I had to hold them on my mattress just right, otherwise they would just blow everywhere. This one, on the other hand, fits right into the mattress and inflates in the blink of an eye, hands-free. I would have given it 5 stars if it had a tie or something with which to attach the nozzles to the pump, to avoid losing them. I wound up using one of the twist ties that came in the box, but come on; there has to be a better solution.
this pump had no problem charging so I could use it on my airbed when I have guest over at my house
This is loud, but it does the job and sure beats manual pumps! It takes a few hours to charge, though. So if you're going camping, charge this over night, the night before you leave for your camp site. That way you can have up to two separate pumps to pump your air mattress (if you're going camping without any outlets).
Can't say too much besides the fact it's a handy pump. It is slightly bulky compared to other pumps but that's not really a big deal. Part of what you get with a rechargeable battery that is actually decent. I actually bought this almost a year ago now when I went camping with my girlfriend, only charged it that one time. After we got back from camping it has just been sitting on my shelf. I haven't used it since and I just went to check and see if it still has any juice left before I started writing this review. It turned on like I just unplugged it from charging.
These larger goggles are far superior to the smaller, two-piece style. Your child gets a wider field of view, allowing them to see much more, especially for pool sports other than swimming.We've bought three pairs of these over the last four years. They would last longer, but they've gotten scratched in handling (not in use).Recommended, but we wish they didn't scratch. Four stars.
Great little knife with useful attachments as are all swiss army knives.  I hadn't seen it in person and was surprised how thick it is.  I think its great, but it hasn't made it to my keychain for that very reason.
First, this has everything but a manicurist, BUT THIS DOES NOT HAVE A TOOTHPICK! It says that that's one of the tools, but it ain't. And toothpicks can be used for things other than picking teeth.***I have five Swiss Army Knives, from the next to smallest to one that is about 4" long and has 12 blades. All have a scissors and, of course, one primary knife blade, but there are two that I carry with me most often. This is the second handiest because it is still small and unobtrusive, and has the basic tools that I use most often: small blade, emergency blade, cut and picker blade, scissors, nail file with cleaner, ruler with screwdriver, cuticle pusher, tweezers, and retractable pen,To be honest, I got this because of the retractable pen which I wanted for "emergencies" such as writing down a phone number while on a walk or trek. However, although years ago I never would have thought of using the toothpick, I really miss it and it was replaced by the pen. Hey, I'm older. Food gets stuck, and the toothpick is there. Can't get it out with the pen. I wish they had left out the cuticle pusher. Pushing cuticles can wait till I get home. In fact, I don't remember ever pushing a cuticle...I suppose I should have complained about the loss of the toothpick - especially after Amazon lists it in the "tools" - but I have used the pen once. Wrote the number on my palm for the owner of a lost cat that I happened to find. (Funny thing was that I had my Sony MP3 player with me, but forgot that it also records so the pen is actually superfluous.) The cat and owner were appreciative, and I turned down the reward although I could have bout the smaller knife.I carry the smaller knife (don't know which one, but it has two blades - no pen - and is about 2/3rds the size of this one, lies flatter in my pocket, and has the one blade I use daily: it's either what they're calling the cut and picker blade or the emergency blade, and I use it as a letter opener. The "larger" "normal" blade I use for opening cartons and heavier envelopes. This knife, which I bought 15 years ago at the Mall of America (well, I had to come home with SOME souvenir) is perfect. Sorry, folks, I can't find the name of it.I'll apologize for this review, but if you can find this knife in a store, then look for one without the pen, with a toothpick, about an eighth of an inch thinner, and you have my 5 star favorite. And while you're at it, but a pocket knife sharpener. (It looks like a pen, but it's a baby sharpener life you'd use at Thanksgiving.) It's similar to the "Executive." Maybe it's a small Executive, but what kind of executive is peeling oranges in his or her office (the executive's "extra" blade that somebody in Switzerland must have thought was essential for army execs).All I can tell you is that they packed a whole lot of tools into this knife - some that I'll never use but you never know. After all, I use the scissors once or twice a week, and the tweezers have gotten thistle and splinters and lord-knows-what-else out of my fingers over the years.
They love these scooters. Even with the single digit cold spell going on they want to go outside and ride them. The foot board is wide and forgiving enough for the cautions rider. The scooter collapses and stows away easily and doesn't take up much room in the garage.
Daughter's first Big girl scooter (4) She was happy to get this and it put a big smile on her face when she got to try it. She can hang with her older Bro now. Good Razor quality, easy to fold  for transport/ storage..
This scooter folds up easily into a fairly compact form factor. It rides smooth and has taken a beating without any issues. The step brake works ok but is hard for younger children to master the use of. As such, I wish this had a bicycle-style handle bar brake.
Bought this scooter for my younger nephew in green and he really loves it so far. It's too small for adults like myself, but for kids 4-12 it really does the trick. It rides a little rough on the street, but it's great on freshly paved surfaces and side walks. Do note that the wheels are on the smaller side, so they feel every single bump and road imperfection. Small loose rocks can stop the scooter if driven over at the wrong angle. Definitely make sure you purchase a helmet and pads along with this scooter if you have inexperienced little ones.One issue I did not like about Amazon is the constant price changing they do. When I first added this scooter to my cart, it was priced at $25, then about a hour later, when I was nearing completion of my shopping, the price went up to $30. Be weary, and pay attention to the price listings.
I bought this for my 4 year old daughter. She loves it. Good quality, no complaints. I would purchase another.
The seven-year-old is on this all the time. We "customized" it with some colorful neon animal print duct tape for easy identification, since the local Brooklyn park we frequent has DOZENS of these things lying around.The steering column and front wheel have slid out of alignment a couple times, but were easily fixed. Just keep an eye out for it.
I needed 3 of these for my boys, and of course they had to have their favourite colour.  These scooters arrived at my Post office in less than a week at a overseas military address.  Scooters were exactly as described.  Adjustable height for the handle bars.  Capable of folding up to a relatively small size for stowage, or travel.  Why the 4 stars as opposed to 5?  This is because the handle bar shaft fits somewhat loosely in the neck of the scooter.  I would expect it to be of a tighter fit. Every Razor scooter I have ever seen or handled demonstrated this looseness in the neck.  Other than that they are great!
I remember having a Razor A Kick Scooter about a decade ago when the original first came out, and it was pretty handy for traveling short distances (e.g. to/from school or neighbor's house) when a bike wasn't necessary. It was a fun, easy, and convenient to ride...until someone borrowed mine indefinitely. Now, as a college student, I wanted a scooter as a means of transportation to grab lunch and run errands off campus without the hassle of driving my car.I must say that this A Kick Scooter is just as awesome as the original I had a decade ago:+ looks pretty much the same+ conveniently folds up the same+ rides smoothly just as before+ no annoying wheelie bar+ different colors to choose from+ brakes on back wheelSimilarly, it still has the same problems as before:- the brakes don't slow the scooter down fast enough- the wheels are too small- no suspension- not designed for the bigger and heavier kidsNote that it's a very basic scooter offered at a very affordable price, so don't expect to use this for doing tricks. The fact that it folds is all ready a good enough reason not to take this to a skate park. Since it has no suspension, I would avoid riding this on bumpy and/or uneven grounds. Even as a small adult (4'11", 105 lbs), I feel as if I'm about to bounce right off the scooter whenever I'm going down a bumpy road or sidewalk. Also take note of the weight limit. It would definitely benefit from a suspension system and slightly bigger wheels, but at the same time, remember that this is a classic kid's toy. If you're an advanced scooter rider, and adult, or you're anywhere close to the weight limit or above it, I would recommend getting a different model that has a higher weight capacity, bigger wheels, and a suspension systemRazor Pro Model Scooter. My bf, who is 6' and about 180 lbs, can barely move my scooter. If you walk around a college campus and see a rather "pudgy" college kid riding one of these, you'll notice it's all ready squeaking for help.Overall, I recommend this specific model for kids and small adults for basic use. If you're an average sized adult, go for thePro.
This was a Christmas gift for my 9 year old grandniece last year.  She loved it, especially the fancy tassels, but I could see that the wheels were not as large as the other kids' scooters which is somewhat of a disadvantage.
TheRazor A Kick Scooteris a very good value as far as scooters go.  If you're looking for the lightest scooter out there, this is it.  This guy is priced very well and has a variety of color options.  Most importantly, the aluminum construction is light and durable.  This thing can fold up to a very sleek flat size that will probably fit in a larger gym bag.But because it is so sleek, the foot rest is rather thin.  The handle bars are also somewhat light and narrow.  So it's perfect for younger kids and kids who are lighter or have smaller hands and feet.  But as your kids age, they will outgrow this.The wheels have ABEC-5 bearings, which any skater will tell you are capable of going relatively high speeds.  Not to mention, it's so light this thing could pick up speed quickly. It's worth the time to train your kids on safety before you give this to them.  Because of some of these features, they should not be going downhill at high speeds because the brake is not designed for stopping under those conditions.This guy is also missing a kickstand, but since it folds flat that's not a really big deal.  The rear brake is also somewhat *bare bones* but once again probably perfect for the size.If you use this scooter right, it's probably the perfect starter.  For kids up to 10 years old, this will probably be enough, but if your kids are older you should step up to one of the bigger and better models.I have been looking into a variety of the scooters on the market for the Christmas holiday, and so far I'm pretty impressed with theFuzion Asphalt Ultimate Carving Machine ScooterandFuzion Carbon 4 Wheeled Carving Scooter.  Those guys have a much wider base and a more stable 4 wheel structure.So this Razor A Kick is still a great value and a very nice unit.  Just make sure it's the right fit for your kids based upon age and height.Enjoy.
For kids who aren't old enough to handle a skateboard, but still want to be out rolling along with the neighborhood kids, this is your answer.  The `Razor A Kick Scooter' is perfect for those 5 and older.  Made of aircraft-grade aluminum, with 4" heavy-duty urethane wheels, adjustable comfortable handlebars, and a patented rear fender brake, this little scooter will make any youngster mobile and happy.  It comes in several colors and folds up into a six-pound storable package.  Scooters are almost an American tradition and kids love the feel of freedom when playing around the neighborhood or playground.
Bought this for my 3.5 year old for Christmas, and she loves it. Comes preassembled, breaks down to a compact size for transport, is lightweight, is easy to adjust the handlebar height when the time comes. Brake feature isn't being used yet, but once my daughter gets the hang of riding it, I'm sure she'll utilize. Overall a quality, well designed scooter. McFly would have loved this thing!
Very nice, love the red and my nephew loves it a lot and uses it a lot. No complaints from that side.
After my neighbor went and got one, my 4 yo begged for one.  I figured it would be good exercise, so I got her one.  It didn't take her long to figure it out.  My son, who is nervous about balancing on two wheels, saw my daughter having so much fun, he tried it out and they both fought over it.  So, I had to go out and buy one the same day.  Okay, I didn't have to, but it's worth it to see my kids want to go out and get some physical activity.The construction is solid.  I had it unfolded and ready to ride in seconds.  The wheels glide smoothly.  I am impressed with the quality.
The scooter looks to be in Good Condition, how ever, the box was demolished, or I would have given it a five star rating.
Got this for my 4 and 6 year old kids to ride.It is very sturdy and better than the previous generation model.The scooter folds up easier than before for storage and carrying. The wheels spin smoothly and the scooter can hold more than the recommended weight (i'm around 185lbs and it doesn't even bend it).The height of the handlebars is way too short for anyone over 5'8".When I need to ride this thing, by back ends up getting sore from having to bend down to grab the handlebars.
Anyone with kids has probably gone through a few of these. I picked this up on sale for $19.00 during the holidays and it is your classic well built and useable razor scooter.
I rated Razor A2 kick scooter 4 stars because it is easy and fun to use. I like the adjustable handle and light weight. It goes fast with little push and is a nice green color.Overall, happy with this scooter but don't leave it outside in the sun/rain because it will rust.
My son loves this scooter.  My only complaint is that he has been on it 4 or 5 times and there is already a loud sound coming from the back wheel so I'm not sure ho long it is made to last.
Very comfortable.  The gel pad has taken away all pain and made riding quite enjoyable.However, after about 200 - 300 miles, the seam came apart and shows some of the gel.  Not really a complaint, but it would be great if this lasted longer.  I still consider this a good deal for $[...]
I did a search on Amazon for bicycle seat cover. I saw the picture for this and the price and it looked perfect. Unfortunately, I scanned the reviews too quickly. What I thought I read was that it was a bit too tight so I was thinking this would be perfect for a road bike. But in reality it apparently is perfect for a STATIONARY bike. One of those with the huge seat on it. For a bicycle this thing is too big, at least for standard seats.I rated it for the quality and price which is good. The description is misleading.
It was not the easiest thing to assemble, and it does what I wanted for the most part.  I'm still not very proficient with this machine, but I'm hoping being on it more will help with that.  I do like the non-jarring motion and I'm hoping for better results as I continue to build my time on the machine.  Not as easy as Tony portrays it.
OK.So no doubt the title caught your eye and you're curious - what does he mean?  I mean some of the reviews here are a little inaccurate, and I intend to respond to some of these comments.  But first, let me give my personal thoughts on this machine.Background: I'm currently in the process of getting my body back into the shape it used to be in during high school.  I have a Bowflex which does great for the strength training and muscle development, but regardless of what the commercials say, it's NOT designed to help you lose weight.  So I decided to get the Gazelle Freestyle.First thing I noticed was that the parts are very sturdy and thick, definitely not as cheap as it looks in the pictures.  They're hollow piping, so the whole deal is not too heavy; less than 60lbs.  There also aren't that many parts to assemble, however I was not happy with the assembly process, for many reasons.First, the parts had some bolts pre-screwed into final holes which irritated me.  It means you have to unscrew, find a place for them, then re-screw them after you connect the parts which, incidentally, might not happen until the end of the assembly.  It's just an irritant; I'd rather just have the standard board of bolts and parts that comes with stuff today and let me attach it when it's good and ready.Second, the instructions aren't clear and the pictures are ambiguous.  It makes it extremely difficult to know how things should be laid out - additionally, one of the steps is wrong.  It shows a picture of the foot rests upside down, yet if you install it that way, it'll be wrong.Third is a symptom of the second one above.  The steps in the instructions tell you to do things the wrong way - literally, assemble it in the wrong direction.  If you do it in reverse, the assembly will go a LOT quicker and you'll realize that it's actually nowhere near as complex as it's made out to be.  It's quite simple, really consisting of three steps instead of the 7-8 that the instructions have you believe.Ok, so now that the bad news is out of the way, onto the actual experience (and my responses to the other reviews).Squeaks: Haven't noticed any.  It makes a tiny noise as moving parts will, but it's nothing deal breaking.  If you get some regular grease and add a bit to the axle bar, you won't even notice it.  It does come pre-greased, but again, if the squeaking bothers you so much....Ineffective:  Uh, what?  I'm in decent shape and I was able to get a decent workout from this thing.  I think some of these guys had super-high expectations based on Tony Little jumping around like an idiot.  You're not going to start sweating on this thing after a minute of moving, even if you do it rapidly.  There's a reason for this, and it's a good reason if you think about it: merely moving doesn't cause you to sweat.  Impact causes you to sweat, even if you don't actually come in contact with something.  That's why if you were shadow boxing, you'll get a good workout, because you're actually making impacts with the air, sharp hits that actually exert your muscles.  This machine doesn't actually exert your muscles beyond normal range of motion, which is why it shouldn't be used for any strength or endurance training.  It will, however, give you a good cardio workout after a time.  NOT A MINUTE.  That said, I did the workout all through a 10-minute WWE match, and by the end of it I was at the beginning stages of sweating, and started to feel a little fatigue; comparable to what you would feel after having walked rapidly for two miles, but with less muscle exertion.  I took a break, and got the feeling in my legs where it seemed as though I was still going through the motion.Heart Monitor: I think this device is not useful.  I'm serious.  I mean if I were actually running or walking then I would pay attention, but as I mentioned before, there is no true exertion on this device which would really push your heart muscle.  To me, a heart monitor is more useful on a treadmill or even an elliptical, not on this.  If you use it, great...I didn't even bother installing it, therefore I can't review it.So, do I recommend it?  Yes...as long as you don't have any misconceptions about performance.  It's not going to cause you to start sweating after a minute of use.  You really need to work it for at least 10 minutes, consistently, changing speed and angle.  If you lean forward, you add some resistance and will feel it.
Yes its true, it has high and real high, that's okay with me. I got it to make coffee and cook food, not simmer stuff. Other than that it works great, its replacing a 30 year old Coleman hope this one last half as long.
this is a classic we had the older version and as we could get a repair kit for it we just bought the new model.  Well made and good value we use it car camping and have found it to work well the hardest thing is getting it to simmer as when you turn the burner down it creeps back up to a higher flame.
I used to use these way back when. Anyhow, for car camping this stove is all you need. Easy to carry and clean.
This is a good stove. The two things I wish it had are an easy place to store the extension you screw into the stove and the propane tank and I wish the knobs that control the propane flow weren't so sensitive. I'd move the knob a tiny bit and the flow would increase a lot.
A good camping stove is essential to any good camping trip and I think this product fills that roll pretty well. It is simple to set up and use, and there is enough space to fit two decent sized pots next to each other. Unfortunately like others mentioned the temperature control is lacking which is my biggest complaint.Pros:-Easy to set up and use-Easy to find refill canisters-Packs small-Boils water quicklyCons:-Temperature control is poor, its impossible to simmer. It takes some practice finishing both meals at the same time and keeping everything warm-Quality, I suspect some of the rivets may break. I think there is a difference between light weight and cheap and this item is right on the lineConclusion: This stove is certainly not perfect but it serves a very utilitarian purpose. I don't think you could cook gourmet meals with this stove but you can certainly make eggs and bacon or pasta with sauteed vegetables. I would recommend this product to others however I would caution them that it isn't the same as their stove at home, which in some ways adds to the fun of camping.Note: I found I needed a case to keep the propane cylinders from rolling around the car and to keep everything together, I purchased theColeman Stove Carry Case, I'll let you know how it fits after it arrives and I actually get to field test it some.
Hey guys, I camp and hunt a lot with many friends. My job is to cook for hungery people and the stove has worked great for that.  I use the fitting for re-filling the little 1pound tanks, off bulk tanks.  1LB will last a long time, many cooks.  I took one star away becasue some of the sheet metel is getting cought in the lid, so when I try to open it, I need to find something to pry it open. The second thing is it can be hard to turn the burner on low, it junps back to middle heat when I take my hand off the knob, but it will do it, I just have to try several times.  All in all a great stove! I'd buy it again!!!
Stove is great for cooking while camping. If you can have a fire or not, the stove is there to make tasty meals!
The 6 piece set was more than I actuallly needed, but I didn't know where I was going to mount the speed bag and so I got the whole kit.  The speed bag is really good quality and the swivel is better than I thought it was going to be.  It is nice to have both the wrap and the gloves if you are a beginner because you may find that one suits you better than the other.  I did not end up using the platform but the frame leads me to believe that it is very sturdy.  The jump rope, ah, the jump rope is a nice touch and it is nice to have, but i's nothing special.If you are looking for a fun and challenging arm workout the speed bag is a lot of fun to learn. It is not about punching something as hard as you can it is about controlling your punch.  I like it, it's fun and it's a really good outlet on very bad days.
My 16 year old son is interested in boxing so I thought this might be a nice starter kit for him to practice with.  The boxing gloves aren't that great, but they serve their purpose.  The bag and platform are fine....I had enough sense to know it wouldn't come with screws and stuff, so we bought what we needed before installing it.  Found a strong beam in the wall in the garage and it was up and ready to go in 20 minutes.  He really enjoys using it (as does my husband) and so far, it appears to be of decent quality and perfect for what we wanted - a home speed bag set that wouldn't break the bank, but wouldn't break during use either.
this is a great kit to get all the items you need for a speed bag set. there is one bad thing about this set, but there is an easy fix. the swivel shown in the picture is NOT the one included in set. the one included in set is a cheap plastic base, with a plastic ball bearing, and a small metal i hook glued into the bearing, with a small spring clip attached to hang tour bag on. of course that wasn't going to fly so i upgraded to the Everlast Professional Speedbag Swivel and it made things great. the next thing after you get good at it is to upgrade to a smaller bag. the bag included is way to big. after you upgrade these two things its a great set and well worth the money.
Gloves seem to be holding gpod but are difficult for child to get on. My grandson is enjoying the gloves, he's using them for martial arts.
This is a wonderfully well-made mat. The stitching is solid and the mat material feels very durable and high-quality, as is usually the case with Everlast items. The 1 5/8" thickness also makes the mat very comfortable and shock-absorbent -- I imagine it'd be great for tumbling and/or doing any kind of ab workout where you sit a lot.However, I originally bought this mat for Insanity, and I found two drawbacks with it for that program: (1) The thickness of the mat makes it a bit unstable for quick lateral movements and floor holds, which are HUGE parts of the Insanity workouts. (2) The smooth material gets very slick with sweat, which makes it a bit treacherous (at one point I slipped over sideways doing a 1-2-3 Heisman... but at least the thickness of the mat padded my fall!). I was also using this mat on top of a carpet and found that it tended to slide around, though I think it'd stay in place better on wood.In short: The mat itself is great quality, but it's probably best suited to certain kinds of workouts. (I eventually wound up getting an oversized yoga mat for Insanity because it has better traction and is a bit more stable for sideways movements and push-ups/planks.)
Good material, easy to store but thinner than I expected. I do recommend this mat to those looking for a smaller mat that's easy to use.
This is actually my second purchase of the same item. Really good exercise mat and it is good enough to use it as guest for sleep over.
This was exactly as described it came on time and it works great... it is well made i would expect it to last a long time
I gotta say that I felt like I was rolling the dice on this, because I was not sure if it would be firm enough.  It is soft, but also firm, but not as firm as the commercial type blue mats used for things like gymnastics.  Really that is OK though since for a exercise and stretching mat it does not need to be that firm, and this mat is a good balance.  I think the quality is OK and there was only the faintest of odor up close which is not a minus, just an observation.  The size is also good, I doubt many people would need something bigger.
I purchased this mat for my daughter to use under her balance beam. I understand what others are saying that it could be a little bit firmer, but for the money, I don't think you can beat it!
Everlast is a well known name and they make good products.  I wanted something cushy for my exercise class so something a bit more thicker than a yoga mat.  This is definitely thick and cushy.  But.... it's kind of bulky and heavy to carry.  It does have handles but it is still kind of cumbersome and I am pretty strong.  It was not worth returning so I will deal with it.  But if I had to do it over, I'd buy the yoga mat.
It's ok for home use, I just wish it was a little thicker, as I have it on the concrete floor of my basement.
This is a great mat for the price. Enough cushion for floor exercise, easy to clean and carry. The one drawback is the fluffy nature of the foam. It isn't dense foam. So despite its thickness, it bottoms out pretty easily. making this a good mat for soft and slow moves, but wholly inadequate for anything that might involve impact. I used this for my prenatal yoga floor work and loved the cushy support for my aching hips and back. Overall, better than a typical extra thick yoga mat, but don't expect yoga mat density/quality.
We had these when we were kids although the foot design is different.  This one should last longer than those of 55 years ago and might be safer to boot.
I bought this for my 4 year old niece. I haven't heard any complaints from my sister about it so I'm assuming it has worked out great! She will be able to grow with it, obviously, so that was one of the main reasons I bought it.
My 5 yr old daughter got this for Christmas. It is very challenging for her to use, but she keeps trying to master it, so I guess it is still fun even if it is hard for her. She is small and light for her age, so I expect she'll get plenty of use out of it. My son who is 8 has tried it a few times too and finds it challenging as well. It's good exercise!
Got this ball for my 7 and 9 year old sons who have loved this ball. It is great out of the box and is a great weight. They boys have been playing with this ball outside all over the neighborhood for weeks now and the grip is still great and the ball is still inflated.Worth it.
My daughter had been in desperate need of a basketball for her outdoor hoop, so we decided to give this one a try. The surface has a good, slightly textured feel that was a little bit tacky, which made for a nice contrast to the cheaper rubber basketball she'd previously been using, which had been worn nearly smooth.We've had the basketball for some time, and it's survived nicely in our garage over the course of the change of seasons. Unlike a lot of the other sports balls we have, this one holds air well. It has a good bounce, and the surface is still in good shape after all this time. Being bounced against the cement on our driveway hasn't left it any worse for the wear. I can't say how it might function in an actual court, but it's a good choice for some outdoor basketball.
This Spalding Tack Basketball is very tacky. It makes it easy to palm the ball and provides a light soft touch. Using the ball mainly on indoor courts, it holds up well. I'm doutbful that the texture could withstand a lot of use on an outdoor court, but after a few uses outside, it is still in perfect condition.I like this ball a lot, but I only gave it 4 stars, because I noticed that whenever we pick the "game ball" for our pickup games, everyone shies away from these balls.
This is the perfect ball for a family game of 2-on-2. While it's the standard size for a basketball, the softness is very nice, especially when playing with little children. They seem to be able to handle this ball a bit better than the harder basketball that we own. It's quite easy to palm this ball compared to our other ball as well. The color is a rich, dark orange and quite a bit darker than the standard ball. I recommend this product for many hours of fun!
The main feature of this ball is a tacky surface that makes the ball easier to grip.  This feature works really well.  This ball has a noticeably better grip than the Wilson indoor/outdoor ball that I have been using for casual driveway basketball.  Otherwise, it is a typical indoor/outdoor ball.  It is well made and keeps inflated.  One interesting fact about this tacky ball is that when wet it becomes much slicker than a standard ball, which grips about the same when playing on a wet driveway.
This is an excellent basketball for both outdoor and indoor use, although it will keep its grip much longer if used only indoors.The super grip gives the ball handler excellent control when making cuts and crossovers plus it is much easier to palm!This goes for pretty much every basketball but remember to bring your ball in to your garage or a shaded area after playing. Otherwise, the ball will start to split at the seams if left out in the sun.This ball would have gotten the coveted 5 star rating but the price is a little high compared to similar balls out there. They need to knock $5 off the price. Otherwise, it does the job and the grip is awesome.
Overall, good ball for the price. Looks and feels great straight from the box. Nice tacky surface that is great for grip. Does what you would expect from a new basket ball. This ball is marked for indoor/outdoor play. But the tacky surface feels artificial and won't last long outdoors. It will lose the grippiness after picking up too much dirt and dust and the it will feel worn out. Keep it clean, play indoors and the ball should last a while.
This is a fairly nice basketball,plenty of tact creates a good grip and the size seems to work well for all of us. As a family we have played with this basketball at the court club we belong too (indoors) and so far so good. The tact is still just fine although if and when that changes I will update my review. We have used this basketball everyday since we've gotten it and its still as inflated as the day I got it.I will also mention that the ball doesn't have much protection inside its shipping box so I recommend using caution when opening the box so you don't end up slicing the ball.This particular basketball  overall seems to be a great value based on the selling price,  I would recommend this ball for beginners and intermediate players alike!
I'm still feeling out the grip of this ball and what I think about it.  Change can be hard, and I sometimes want to stick with the traditional grip.  However I have to admit that it is nice to be able to grip the ball better.  I also need to evaluate how well this ball will handle usage.  I play mostly outside which can cause more wear and tear on the ball than indoor courts.  This is probably the most important factor for me, and I'll try to come back and edit my review over time.  I am also still evaluating how the ball behaves around the rim.  So far I haven't seen too much difference in that regard -- I'm trying not to blame the ball for my misses.  :)  The ball has kept its air well note.  I'd say that if you are on the fence with this ball, just go ahead and drop the few dollars and try it out yourself.
Nice grippable surface.  A good ball for younger players. Good price too. Recommended for light play ... not a pro quality ball but fine for most.
I ordered this 29.5" basketball with the only intention of playing with my young son. Having said that, I was not too worried about getting a more professional ball.For starters I could not play with it out of the package as it did not have enough air in it, so we had to wait until I could have it inflated (unfortunately I do not have the needed tools at home) The ball looks really cool, it is light and has a nice grip.We have had it for a little over a week and we like it so far, again, I am not playing professionally or anything like that, it is a basket ball I am using to teach my young son how to play so, works great for me!
Great basketball if you are using indoors.  It was packaged well and needed a bit of air to get going.  We have been using it on a asphalt driveway for about 2 weeks now and it is showing wear.I have no doubt that it will last for a long time to come, but it will lose its grip and eventually have to be replaced.  That being said it is an excellent quality ball with very deep seems and a perfect gripping surface.4/5 stars for us - my only real complaint is that it is priced quite high.  It would also be nice if they could rate the ball for indoor or outdoor with some specifics so that a buyer knew what to expect after regular use.
I occasionally swim at the gym and these have worked fine for me. I don't need anything fancy and these generally do keep the water out. I readjust them a few times each swim. Leakage will all depend on your face shape, depth of eyes, etc.
Pros:They have a solid nose piece.They act as sunglasses.They are comfortable.They barely leak at all.They form a great seal.Cons:The anti-fog coating wears off after about two weeks.They are a little hard to adjust.
The goggles seem to be high quality, but the bridge could be a bit longer.  The goggles don't appear to have a size, so it seems that they would all be this way.  But they fit well enough.
Bought these for an Easter present for my oldest son, he used them yesterday all day and they worked great!
I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea, and this product was part of my pack.  They lasted the entire year, and there's only a few minor scratches on the lenses.  They do what they were intended to do, keep the water out of your eyes, and they fit well on my face.  I'm sure this pair will last at least another few years of regular use.
I wasn't that familiar with goggles when I bought these but they work well. They are the &#34;over the eye&#34; kind as opposed to fitting &#34;within the eye socket&#34; kind. So a little water comes in at your eyebrows b/c it can't get a good suction. But not enough to bother me yet.
My son prefers googles with one-piece eyes.  These are sturdy and holder their shape well.  Nothing fancy, but they work.
Having tried a number of generic and even other Speedo swim goggles, I'm happy I found this model as it fits my facial structure better than the others.  Still tends to fog up and I'll try some of the "home-remedies" when I swim again soon.  You know, rub a raw potato inside the goggles; smear and thin layer of non-gel toothpaste in the goggles; spit in the goggles, etc.
These have worked very well.  They fog just a little.  But the main reason I got these were cost and other reviews.  Other than the occasional leak due to me putting them on my head/eyes wrong, these work just fine for me.  I'd recommend these for splashing around in the pool with your kids or swimming laps at your local rec center/pool.

OKAY! As experienced parents,we know that the multi-use items, never do one thing- really well. The 3,4,5 in 1's never quite do all that they claim. And this is no different. The "rocker" feature is just really stupid. It doesn't do anything. As a push trike, it will fit the bill, for sure. It has respectable durability, and is gender neutral. So for me, it's a great great value. I have toddler, boy and girl. As a stand alone trike, this is a perfect "starter" big wheel. The assembly was straight forward, just follow the directions to the letter, all 14 of the steps- do really matter. You need to understand the mechanics of the bike, to really "get" how to convert. Once you are all set, you have a quick and inexpensive alternative, to a metal bike. For a starter bike, this will do just fine, for your little one(s). The price was good, for the value.
I got this for my two year old.  He already has a rocking horse (which he loves!), so I didn't bother with the rocking mode of this trike.  I set it up as pictured - as a trike with the tall handle.  My little guy loves it, and rides it all around the house.  The only trouble is that even with the seat ALL the way forward, he can still only reach one pedal at a time.  When we get better weather, we'll try it outside.  My biggest concern with using it as a parent-pushed, riding toy, is that I'm not sure he'll keep his feet on the footrest -- I'm afraid he'll get a foot under it, and get his ankle twisted or jammed underneath.  But, I guess we'll find out when spring comes!
this is such a cute little tricycle, but the front wheel is completely worn through after only 1 year. i wish the front wheel were more durable.
Some of the pieces could have been put together before it was put in a box for consumers....The red bar for mom to push, for example. It came in two pieces. Really? ... The pedals were a royal pain to properly hold in place and push the plastic holder pieces in. And the foot rest for the baby? I'm still not sure I have it in right. It moves, and I don't think it should.That being said... Everything but the foot rest works on my bike. My toddler loves it! So, success.
This is the first trike that we bought for our eldest child. We also tried the metal Schwinn tricycle, but preferred this one. It is easy for the kids to get moving and has a handy handle to help steer the kids. I am 5'11" and this height of the handle is a bit low, but not unbearable - I would have preferred 1-2" taller. My wife (5') likes the height. The wheels are supper noisy and a bit annoying but the kids don't seem to notice. I should point out that shorter kids may have difficulty pushing the pedals. My son had difficulty when he was 33" or 34" tall and had no difficulty by the time he reached 35" or 36".The trike has held up well, we have had it for about 2/2.5 years and it gets used several times a week (during good weather). We keep it outside and it power washes clean with no problems.
This bottle is a little pricy. But it does what it claims. It preserves hot water temperature very well. I didn't try the cold temperature. The construction is very solid for high impact resistent (good for portability). I have no doubt that it will last for many many years. In all, I am happy with the quality of this bottle. But, I will take 1 star out due to its premium price.
My wife and I purchased this as a gift for her 84 year old mom. Her old Stanley finally broke. She called the other day to say it is great. Keeps her coffee hot for hours. When the wife is happy...I am happy.
These are only $19 at Walmart. So why are they so much here? I think someone is gouging at this price!!
Living in south-central Texas and spending a good amount of my free time in the outdoors, having the ability to keep my beer cold is a top priority.  I purchased two of these Thermos "can insulators", one for me, and one for a friend.  They have not disappointed.  I've not done any scientific tests on the performance of these can insulators, but they keep a beer cold on a 100+ day as long as you'd need to drink it.Another benefit to the stainless steel construction of the Thermos can insulator when compared to a traditional foam "koozie" is that the Thermos can insulator is much easier to clean.  While a foam koozie will eventually get wet, and sometimes take on a moldy smell, the Thermos can insulator obviously doesn't absorb water, and can easily be washed in the sink with some soap and water.My only complaint about the Thermos can insulator is that the rubber ring around the top comes off quite easily.  So easily, in fact, that I ended up losing mine while dove hunting one day.  The can insulator still works in the absence of the rubber ring, but the can will flop around a bit more since it doesn't have a tight seal around the top.  I'd almost be tempted to use some electrical tape around the bottom of the ring to attach it to the stainless steel if I were to ever purchase another one.Overall, I'd recommend the Thermos can insulator to anyone wanting to keep a 12oz can cold.  Be prepared, though, since this thing is a bit of a conversation starter, and all your friends will want one too.
Thermos Stainless Steel Can Insulator 2700P, by Thermos.This insulated stainless can and bottle holder will keep your beers and sodas cold for at least an hour. Starting with a 12 ounce can of beer at 33 degrees, and a 16.9 ounce plastic bottle of soda also at 33 degrees, I put each of them in a room temperature 76 degree Thermos insulated holder, and left them unopened. After an hour, both the beer and soda had warmed up some, the bottle of Coca-Cola was at 48 degrees when opened, and the can of Budweiser beer was at 36 degrees when opened. I usually keep my holders upside down in the refrigerator, on top of soda bottles to save space. I also keep a gel insulated holder in the freezer, with the shape maintained by an empty beer can. Replacing the soda bottle cap will keep the fizz in the soda, but if a can of beer is left opened for more than an hour, it will start to lose its fizz and go flat. How many people leave a can of beer open for more than an hour if they plan on drinking it? In the hot sun, any drink is better than no drink, but indoors, you might just dump it and start over,-depending of course on how many beers you have already had. After a few beers, you may not even notice how cold the beer is. (-;In the future, I will update this review on how well the beer and soda stay cold when the holder is also stored in the refrigerator. This item is expensive, but well made. As a future improvement, I think that the rubber collar should be extended the length of the can, to improve the grip, and to further insulate the can by isolating the heat sink metal sides from the influence of warm hands. Four stars for this can holder.03/25/14 Update. Just for giggles, I tried the test again, this time with the holders kept in the door of the refrigerator, alongside the 12 oz. can of beer and the 16.9 oz. plastic bottle of Coca-Cola. They all started out in the refrigerator at a temperature of 33 degrees. After being placed in the holders, both of them sat unopened on a table for one hour at a room temperature of 76 degrees, and the opened can of beer was at 38 degrees, and the opened bottle of soda was at 51 degrees, probably due to the fact that the top 2 1/2" of the bottle and its soda were above the top of the insulating holder, while only 5/8" of the beer can was above its holder.Strange as it seems, the beer and soda both did a little better in a room temperature holder than in a refrigerated holder. Whodathunkit. This was not a controlled scientific experiment, but I tried to control the variables the best I could so that I could compare the results. If anyone can explain why this same thing happened with both the hard rubber holders I reviewed on 03/24/14, and these metal stainless steel holders as well, please leave a comment. The hard rubber holders had about a 2 degree difference between the can and bottle, while the stainless holders had a 12.5 degree(48&36;51&38) difference between the can and bottle. The difference between the hard rubber and stainless for the beer can was 11.5 degrees(48&36;49&38), while the average temperature for the bottle was 50 degrees (48,50,51,51) for both the hard rubber and the stainless holders. So for the plastic bottle, it doesn't seem to make a difference what type of holder you use. For the beer can, the stainless holder was a clear winner over the hard rubber holder, with an average temperature of 37(36,38) for the stainless holder and an average temperature of 48.5(48,49) for the hard rubber holder.A beer still cold at 37 degrees after an hour? Hard to beat that! These stainless holders are excellent.Next up, placing the holders in a freezer.04/18/14 Update. The freezer test. I started out with the stainless steel holders in a freezer at a temperature of -8 degrees. The 12 ounce can of Budweiser and the 16.9 ounce plastic bottle of Coca-Cola were in the refrigerator at 32 degrees, and the ambient room temperature was 76 degrees. After one hour of sitting unopened, the Budweiser was at 36 degrees, and the Coca-Cola was at 44 degrees. The soda was 4 degrees cooler than in the previous cooler at room temperature test, and the beer, at 36 degrees, was about the same as in previous tests, and exactly the same as the stainless cooler in the room temperature test. In this test, there was a 12 degree difference between the coldness of the beer and the soda, about the same as in previous tests. It does not appear that freezing or cooling the stainless cooler is any improvement over using a room temperature stainless cooler when keeping a can of beer cold, and at best, only a 4 degree improvement in keeping a plastic bottle of soda cold. I can't think of any more tests to run on this cooler, and about all there is left to say is: "buy it!"Sold by Corydor and Fulfilled by Amazon. Manufactured by: THERMOS L.L.C., 2550 W. Golf Rd., RM, IL 60008, USA; Web: thermos.com/ Canadian Thermos Products, Inc., 370 King Street West, Toronto, ON M5V 1J9, Canada; web: thermosbrand.ca07/09/14 Update.  I have noticed that the rubber ring around the top of the can has started to loosen up a bit.  I was thinking of adding some glue to keep it in place, but silicone glue might not dry without exposure to air, so I might use some rubber cement on both the can and rubber ring, let the glue dry, and then place the ring in its proper position. If anyone knows of a better glue to use, please leave a comment. Thermos should extend the rubber ring all the way to the bottom of the can, including the bottom as well, so the metal holder doesn't have any way of slipping out and landing on the floor.
This thermos definitely keeps a can cold.  Keep in mind that it fits standard cans, not skinny cans like the latest Coors cans.  Also, this thermos is pretty pricey.
I've had one of these for a number of years now and finally got around to ordering another one so my wife and I could both use one at the same time.They're great in winter when you don't want a cold soda can making your hand cold and great in summer at keeping your soda colder for longer.The bottom is rubber and does a great job of staying put.There's no sweating/condensation to worry about either.I really think these things are great and can't see not using them going forward but avoided giving it a 5 star rating only because of how expensive they are.I feel like you should get a two pack for the price one cost.
This Thermos works well, but with the open top, it's impossible to keep the 12oz drinks cool for an extended period of time, like the other Thermos products.  I'd say that it really only keep the drink cooler for a slightly longer period of time.  It's definitely better than one of those flimsy koosies, but not as good as I expected it to be.
Ive used this for several months and am very happy with it. It holds most cans very well. When I camp I usually leave it in the cooler to pre  cool it.
I think it is double walled and has no insulation. I keep it in the freezer and it keeps the drink cold while you're drinking it. It serves my purpose and I would buy it again.
Four arcs are joined to form the rim. Good: has 5 legs, elastic bands instead of metal springs, quiet bouncing, affordable, the size is suitable for kids, and indoor use. Bad: the joints in the rim could be more rigid, the rim changes shape, making the legs point in odd inward and outward directions. The legs have some risk of caving in, hence my recommendation is for kids only. A single person can assemble the trampoline, but once going past 120 degre angle towards 180 degree, there is no turning back, you have to finish the job in one sitting, or the rim will forcefully whack you in the face if you try to bail out. I doubt there is any safe way to disassemble this product.
If you want a mini-trampoline, I can recommend this one. It is built like a battleship, but assembly is non-trivial -- you need at least two adults (the instructions recommend three) to fight against the tension to pop everything in place. No big deal, but you are not going to put this together by yourself -- you can hurt yourself if something pops back due to the high tensions involved. The instruction book could use larger and clearer pictures. The legs screw on, and one of the legs in mine was slightly out-of-round, making for some stiff turning, but I got it on. There is an 800 number to call the manufacturer for any problems. I didn't need to call. We like this mini-trampoline.
I bought this trampoline for my kids to jump on when they are going crazy in the house but it's not nice enough to go outside.  For that purpose it works well.  It's not the perfect trampoline but I'm glad I purchased it.  The main difference between this and other trampolines is that this is based on rubber bands (wide, strong ones) instead of springs.The main things I like about this:===========================* Build quality was a little surprisingly good.  Everything seems pretty sturdy.* This is not just quiet, it's silent.  It makes no noise whatsoever while my kids jump on it.  I was not looking forward to hearing squeaky springs all the time while my kids jump.  So nice to have some peace and quiet.* Assembly was pretty quick and easy.  There is one step where it is nice/necessary to have someone else hold one side while you do the other.  The tension is a little scary at that point but then it pops into place and it's done.  I also messed it up because I put too many bands between two of the legs (make sure there are 5 bands between each pair of legs before the last stage in frame assembly).  I threaded a rope under and pulled and was able to get it over.* This trampoline is very lightweight.  Easy to move around.  I would have liked some fold-in legs or something.  These legs screw in but you can't have everything.Things I don't like:===============* It's not very bouncy.  That's my main issue with it.  I'm quite certain that spring-based trampolines are bouncier.  Not a problem because it's just for burning little kids' energy but I was expecting something a little more elevating.  Just be aware that this trampoline has a bit of a tendency to suck your bounce.  Probably that's good for working out.* This trampoline has a maximum weight of 200 pounds.  I weigh 180ish so I'm under but I still pretty much leave this to my kids.  Not so much for big people.  If you are a little 115 pound woman (or you want it for kids) this is a great trampoline.  A burly 6 foot tall man, not so much.* When it's on the floor it's fine and flat.  But when you put it up it changes from a ring to kind of a saddle shape.  It easy twists back to the way you want it.  Just be aware of that tendency.  It's not a problem once you know about it.* This trampoline stinks to high heaven.  There's some kind of really stinky lubricant in it.  When I first opened it up I couldn't keep it in the house for a couple of days because of the smell.  It has been getting better every day but I've had it two weeks and there's still some stank.  A temporary issue but one to be aware of.  The first few days of use you will need noseplugs.
The Good:Price: Priced cheaper than comparative models.Weight: The unit is pretty light and easy to move around. I have no issue having this hang from a hook in the wall to keep it out of the way when not in use.Neutral:Assembly: The unit goes together somewhat easily. Package included 2 bolts and washers with a wrench, six legs and the blue outer cover used to conceal the elastic bands.  The mat and four frame polls are partial assembled out of the box.  I was able to get the unit assembled by myself; however with the tension it may be necessary for some to have additional assistance.  I was able to assemble the trampoline in about 5-10 mins.Smell:  I didn't see any other reviews mention it but my unit had a strong plastic odor.  If you plan to keep this in a central living area or a bedroom you may have to have it air out because after weeks into owning it, the smell finally dissipated enough to keep it inside.The Bad:Design: I can't figure out if this is just an issue that affects some or if it's related to getting the elastic bands lined up properly, but the frame on my unit twists.  This only happens if the unit is lifted or moved, but if you set it down and jump a couple times, the frame evens out.  You can tell the frame is not set right when the legs are pointed really far in or out.  I check all the connections and tightened the bolts but still it tends to twist.  The frame is 4 parts to a circle.  Two of the parts connect by inserting a smooth crimped metal piece into a hole.  The other two connections are bolted.  I think the issue is the smooth crimped parts are not tight enough to hold the unit in flat position and the tension of the bands can cause the unit to get off centered.  I posted some pictures to the product image gallery to show these different type of connections.  Even though the unit does this, I have been able each time to straighten it out enough to use it and it works great.  I have no concerns about any safety issues resulting from this problem.Overall, for the price, I got exactly what I wanted and expected to get. I'm only marginally disappointed with the issues I have had with the unit. I have no intention of returning my unit or getting a replacement because most reviews point to the problem eventually turning up, for those reviewers who have updated their reviews.  After pulling out the legs and leveling the unit, it becomes a non-issue during use.
This tramp is not a very high-quality product, but given the price I paid on Amazon Prime, on the order of thirty dollars with shipping, it WAS a good value.Lots of people talking about how hard an install it was. I agree, it was tricky, but if you couldn't do this, then you simply are not handy. The manual calls for three people to build it. Ridiculous! I did it while watching in one episode of "The Daily Show", and I skipped the commercials. That's 22 minutes, and I'm just a handy, average strength, healthy man. Some force is required, but two feet and two hands did the trick.I am 210 lb, and sadly, am too heavy to get bounce on this. It seems to be good for 160lb or less.But the tramp, once assembled and all 2 bolts tightened, does not hold the disk form well. It occasionally warps when the kids jump on it or move it. Not much, but enough to make the legs a little wonky. It still works, but that's why I say the quality just isn't top notch.For the price, I still recommend it as a good value.
The only issue is if it's moved, I have to flip it upside down to 'straighten' it back out. It goes lopsided! But it works great when it's flat (and straightening it out isn't a huge deal). The main purpose was to get my kids something to jump on besides the couch, since that seemed to be a hidden passion of theirs. ;) They love to bounce on it, and so do it! Its a great leg workout. We're all happy for the purchase!
The assembly was relatively easy.  It does however stink to high-heaven until you air it out.  We left it outside overnight, and by the next morning one side had a rust stain on the blue cover.  I don't know how that happened, but oh well.  My daughter likes it, and does use it frequently.  It is a bit small, so you must put it somewhere with at least 3 feet perimeter for safety.  I still recommend it despite the horrible smell.
Got this to try and get the kids a little more active. They use it randomly when in the living room and watching TV...build quality is good, assembly was done by myself - though slightly tricky to &#34;unfold&#34; the unit with all the tension on it and make sure the blue cover was on correctly. The legs screw right in easily. Seems well built. No spring design which I like, less stuff to break or scrape your feet on.
I gave this a 4 star because the hard caps are larger than average pads out there but I took off a star because there's absolutely no padding beyond the hard caps when other pads out there have thick padding that extend beyond the hard caps. These pads are too small to fit over clothing. There good for shorts and t-shirts. Also good for wearing underneath clothing. I wore the knee pads under my snowboarding pants and they where hardly noticeable.
However did I survive without all this stuff, but given youngest grandson's first attempts at riding a bike, a good purchase! Matches the Razor helmet well! Cool means they'll more likely wear it when you're not standing over them!!
Fit my big 6 year old quite nicely. They are bulky, but seem to do the job without limiting mobility.
These pads are made nicely. I like how you can put on the pads without having to slide them up the limb. This helps if you already have the rollerblade on.The sizing is way too big for my 3 year old. The elbow pads barely fit my child's knees.The main drawback of this set is that it is missing wrist guards which I think are extremely important. The most likely fracture point is the wrists.Overall, I prefer theRollerblade Pro Junior In-Line Protective 3 Packwhich are smaller in size and come complete with wrist guards.
After reading the other reviews, I thought these would work perfectly for my 4 and 5 year old children.  I was wrong!  They are huge!  They kept falling down, and the kids weren't the least bit interested in wearing them, and they are truly very safety conscious.  After realizing they were way too big for them, I tried them on, and they fit me!  They are really nice knee pads, but definitely not for little kids.  The elbow pads could probably work for knee pads for them, if you don't care about elbow pads.  I wish I had only bought one pair instead of two.  I will say they are priced well, though, as long as they fit!
These pads can take on a 9 year old boy any day- now getting him to wear them regularly- that's another story.
They fit perfectly.  I'm a 5'3&#34; woman who is thin and the knee pads are wonderful.  I don't use the elbow pads.
These knee and elbow pad are perfect for kids getting there first skate boards or skates they are well padded and give protection kids need .I am happy with this purchase.
have a grand daughter who is not yet a balanced on her bike as she should be so protection is necessary, these do the job.delivered quickly
I complained when I saw only 2 pads but upon closer look, they were not the same size. So doing some actually thinking, I took the package apart and lo and behold, there were 4 nested in two pairs. They are small but should fit up to a typical 12 year old. Quality is only OK, but a good deal for the price. They are not real comfortable as I would have expected with gel pads, but fit is OK. I suspect they will chafe with long wear, but I expect they will be fine for my requirements.
I bought these pads for my 8 year old.  They fit him well and protect his knees/elbows well.  They aren't the highest quality pads I'd say, but they get the job done.If nothing else, get these pads to save skinned/scraped knees and elbows for your little riders!
They perform as described, serve their function, are not unattractive, and I would purchase from this line again. Good decision.
The other kids pads just seem like toys. The elastic on these is thick and the pads have gel on the inside. Not the nicest looking set, but more durable and functional than the alternatives.
Unless you are an adult the size and weight of an average 10 year old girl, don't buy these for yourself.  Luckily, I have a kid who can use them since they were too small for me.  However, they are well constructed and she seems very comfortable wearing them for several hours at a time.  They haven't been tested in an actual scootering fall yet, but by looking at them I am fairly certain they can take quite a hit and keep elbows and kneecaps from serious impact damage.  At least I hope so.  Also they are very cool to look at being deep black with orange buttons.
They fit both my small 8 year-old and 5 year-old grandkids nicely. They seemed to be well-padded and fit for the job of pprotecting their skinny joints. Price was right. They both liked the looks, and stood about posturing their superpowers.
There is nothing spectacular about these pads, light, small, and the quality seems okay. I wouldn't expect them to last under heavy abuse, but for added protection for a young kid that's not shredding I think they are fine.
I researched bike locking devices, and they can all be removed in high crime areas.  This chain and lock are okay, and would provide a god deterrent, but if they want your bike, nothing is going to stop them.
Feels solid, does its job. Pretty easy setup. The tire size was a bit annoying to calculate, but that's not the manufacturers fault.
I purchased one a couple of years ago the the wires got tangled a coupld of months back. The wire broke and there is no way to fix it. I bought these that are identical to the old one because I like the scan feature, the large numbers in the panel and the small size. It works well. If I can say something back is that the mounting only allows a handle bar position and it does not sit very tight on the base. My handle bar is not very large and even being small it takes space there. I also have my headlights in there and of course those have to be a the front. Sometimes, it will stop measuring if you touch it forward. It will not come off since there is a plastic stopper at the end but it will move out of the sensors and stop reading your ride. It has happened with me several times
Easy to install,  easy to read and easy to reset.  It goes well on our 1982 Schwinn Tandem.  Buttons are easy to use.
The only thing I don't like about this bike computer is that the red outline blocking the function symbol.
Bought this unit for my 8 year old son. Works fine. Not a lot of bells and whistles but you really don't need more than what is offered on this computer.
For so little money, hard to go wrong unless the product is defective.  It wasn't, worked as advertised and quite accurately.  Simple to install.  Fairly easy to use.Has a decel/accel (speed tendency) feature which isn't too good.  Has a little picture of a cyclist and wheels on it spin forward or backward to show when you are acclerating or decellerating.  But it is too small, and hard to see which way the wheels are spinning.  Much better would have been an easy to see arrow pointing forward or rearward.  Then again, I don't find much use for this, as you normally feel in the pedals if you are speeding up or slowing down.The plus or minus sign next to speed to show whether you are above or below your current average speed is sometimes nice to have.  Other than that, it has speed, average speed, max speed, and a totalizing odometer plus a scan mode which switches every four seconds.  I found it accurate especially after bothering to measure the distance in millimeters of one loaded wheel rotation.  Simple to input into the device once you have done the measurement. The  built in clock function is nice also.The unit only counts time on the timer when you are moving.  This is nice as it doesn't interfere with getting an average speed or riding time should you stop for a few moments.  Unit also switches off when wheel isn't moving to save the battery.I find it seems to do some time averaging of the speed readout which takes 3 seconds to fully even out.  Don't know if others similar products work that way, but really this doesn't interfere with the use of the product and is only the result of having a sensor that pulses once per wheel revolution.  It also doesn't read below about 2.4 mph which of course is slow enough you are barely able to stay upright anyway.I also noticed it sometimes double counts every few revolutions.  The distance will jump two thousands of a mile rather than one.  Maybe a rounding error or some such in the electronics.  I have counted rev's of the wheel over a known distance and it isn't counting twice the overal distance shown is accurate.  So probably a non-problem unless you compulsively watch the distance readout while riding.I haven't owned one of these before having only used simple mechanical speedo's and odometers in the past.  But this works great and is a handier more useful device.  Unless you need cadence or detailed pacing not sure what else you would want this device to do.  Cheap enough to replace if damaged, or buy multiples if you have several bikes.  Would rate it 4 and 1/2 stars.  Just not quite perfect or it would get 5 stars.
THIS LITTLE GUY WORKS GREAT ONCE YOU HAVE READ THE INSTRUCTION FIRST AND MAKING SURE THE SPOKE SENSER IS LESS THAN A HALF A INCH AWAY WHEN IT COME CLOSE TO THE RECEIVER IT WILL WORK JUST FINE, I TOOK IT FOR A 17 MILE BIKE TRIAL AND IT NEVER SKIPPED A BEAT.
Bought 2. 1 for a 26&#34; and 2nd for a 24&#34; bicycle. A little tricky to set the wiring and get the computer to exact tire size for accuracy but once done it's done. Display is easy to read. Did a 25 miler and compared units on both sized bikes. The was a slight mileage difference of about 1/2 a mile so I'll tweak the 24&#34; size a little more. Over all a good buy!
Over all I like this system, there is a magnet that attaches to your spokes and the sensor on the fork. Works very nicely and is removable so it doesn't get stolen. A couple of cons though, the front plastic is very easy to scratch and reflects everything so you get glare.
Bought this inexpensive bike computer at our local military store for just under ten dollars; it's available at WalMart for about the same price.  The unit I have has a mostly red face [the case color], otherwise, everything else is as described.I chose this Schwinn 12-function computer over the Cateye Velo 5-function computer [the only other option at the military store] mostly because of the display size...the Schwinn's is larger, and much more readable for most functions.  I use reading glasses, and was concerned about being able to read the small Cateye display.  As it turns out, it's difficult to interpret the "Speed Tendency" function while cycling [it uses a small bicycle in the top left corner of the display...its tiny wheels turn "forward" to show accelerations, and "backward" to show deceleration].  All other info is easy to read & interpret.You need to set in wheel circumference...there is a table provided, which includes the standard wheel sizes.  If you make an error, you can remove the battery to zero out the info, and start again.The components seem to be sturdy enough...the handlebar mounting bracket looks to be slightly redesigned [it is different from the operating manual illustrations].  The bracket's computer retention clip is still a bit puny.  The unit comes with thin white zip ties; they are difficult to cinch up tightly, so I recommend you use your own.I'll comment again later if I have problems with longevity.  For now, it's a good value, and works well.
We bought two - one for my bike and another for my son't bike. My son's unit works fine, but my unit quit working within two months. The part that goes on to the fork (sensor) isn't sensing any more. I know, it isn't expensive, but I hate to throw away the entire unit when the real computer is doing fine.The product is adequate for what it is intended for. It has more features than I was hoping for when I bought it. Installation is easy. Learning to use it is a little bit challenge due to the poor manual, but you'll quickly figure it out.I will certainly recommend it, but be prepared for it to die prematurely. In my case it died just before I was to venture on a training ride - not a good timing. You see, I depend heavily on this and my turn lists to figure out the training ride route. Without the distance assistance, I had to constantly check the street signs.I am seriously thinking of buying the same model to replace the broken one.
Put on a 29er mountain bike without an issue. Very light weight and OK quality. I purchased this only because I like the design. The others were just ugly. It works fine and closely matches my RunKeeper App for mileage. Not the best quality but I'm sure it will last a little while.
These watches go forever. If you do not use the light or stopwatch, the battery can last for years. The band is the only thing that has ever broken on mine and a band cost almost as much as the watchYou can wash your hands or get caught in the rain and not worry about the watch since it is water resistant
The band on this watch is very small.  I can barely get it on.  Other than that it seems fine.
I use the watch often and it functions well. The band is a thin flimsy plastic BUT strong enough that it hasn't broken on several work activities.  I have worn in the pouring rain and had it on when it was -5 F...and still works well. I paid about $10 and I would consider getting it again!
I am primarily using this product to time myself in intervals for strength training (powerlifting)The watch is simple and works fine. It was easy to configure and the stopwatch function works well.I noticed that the band is a little small. As somebody with small wrists, the watch fits fine. However, I would imagine that a person with a larger frame might not be able to fit this watch.
I have been wearing this for about 3 weeks now nonstop and for the price you cant beat it.  accurate time, has stop watch, alarm, beep at the top of the hour (can be turned off), 24hr time and 12hr time,  the only thing i wish it had is better night time lighting.
I prefer this stove to the propane tank version any day.  If your camping trip turns into a real life or death situation you can always siphon gas from your vehicle to power this and other dual fuel devices.  On a mellower note, carrying a can of camping fuel is much easier than a bunch of little propane tanks, especially if there is not a Walmart nearby to resupply.Coleman claims this unit has a 2 hour life at its maximum heat settings but I find that is more than you need.  With a moderate setting the fuel can easily last several weekend camping trips.The wind flaps are cheesy and this is a light weight product (some feel it feels cheap) but if you're having to carry gear long distances, light/portable is what you want.You can use two medium sized pots/pans on this unit but you can also use a Wok on it.  I have done this before to create a meal for a group of 10.I've never had any problems with this unit and highly recommend it.
I've had 2 of these now because they're just too much fun. I kept one at home and one at work (I work with middle school students at a summer camp/program) and both broke but regardless I still love this thing. Mine at least have been pretty easy to aim as it is pretty consistent. It is a little tough to pull but shouldn't be a problem for anyone older than 8. In high school one of my teachers had one just to shoot students who were falling asleep. Pure fun for any age! I think their average life is about a year and then the &#34;bag&#34; starts to rip. Assembly was quick and easy, it's just a fun product.
The AirZooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The AirZooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
Gave this to our son as a gift, was the hit of the party.  has a good 3 hours of fun.  Only lasted a few days, but was well worth it.  The plastic film will separate after extended use.  This thing packs a punch!
This full-sized lantern is a good choice for a shelter-in-place (SIP) scenario or campsite.  Backpackers or people walking to a bug out location (BOL) will probably want the much smaller/lighter eXponent lantern.This lantern lights easily and is quite bright.  I find the lighting holes acommodate the long grill lighters if you get the lighter angled up-down enought.  Remember that using Coleman fuel instead of unleaded will extend the life of the generator.  Use of unleaded exclusively may be a false economy, depending the price of (non-gasohol) unleaded and generators in your neck of the words.  Coleman fuel will also be considerably less stinky while running and particularly when starting and shutting off.The lantern does not come with a case but you can make one out of a pickle bucket.  Line the inside with larger bubblewrap to absorb shock.  There will be enough space inside for your long lighter, spare mantles, funnel/filler etc.
I have had a coleman lantern for years, back before they were dual fuel even,  I always burned dual fuel  or mogas as the army called it best add ons were a hard case, an amber  glass globe , and a spark starter so i didn't have to look for matches.  if you're careful you can get several uses out of the mantles but I always kept a few spares on hand in the bottom of the hard case.  These lanterns last forever with a little maintenance  mine was bought for me by my ex wife when we were first married I just wish our relationship had lasted as long as the lantern
I've had a few of these in my lifetime and even most every version I have seen the toothpick is lost! I really think they could refactor the design just a tad to make the toothpick stay better. Five-stars pending toothpick design change. Otherwise, you know this is a quality utility knife.
I buy this knife as a gift for my mom, she loves it. It is solid, handy and looks like good quality and will last long.
PROS: Light, easy and very quick to get attached and ready to ride! Easy access to storage area and opening and closing cover.CONS: My only complaint is the restraint system. It feels kid of cheap and looks uncomfortable for the kids riding. Straps need improvement.Overall I am glad about this purchase. Recommended.
I was concerned about quality with the price so low but this is very well built and works as advertised. Highly recommend.
We got this to use as both a bike carrier and a double stroller.  Putting it together was SUPER EASY since it comes mostly assembled.  It is bit tight for 2 kids though, a 4 year old and 2 year old. Because the seat is not firm they tend to slide together and then fight because they are pushed up against each other. It attaches easily to a bike but be warned there is alot of drag almost like pulling a parachute.  I am guessing every carrier would have this issue though.  As a stoller it is very easy to manuever and push. There is some storage behind the seat and that adds to its convenience.
It was very difficult to write a review for this product.  On one hand, it performs well and is well worth its price.  On the other hand, it has a cheap feel to it and it is a bit clumsy (inconvenient) to use.  Bottom line:  I wish I had paid the few extra dollars for the Omron HJ-112, which probably would have met my expectations better.
I (female) bought one for myself and one for my mother.  This pealess whistle is small and light weight, perfect to be added to my keyring.  I tried it and found it loud enough.Hopefully I will never have to use it to get help or rouse attention.  I just feel better having one with me.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of the Fox 40 Classic whistle. I mainly use these whistles while hiking or camping in the outdoors. Some of the features I like about it are...* 115 dB of sound- High pitched and designed to cut through other noises like crowds for coaches.Makes it seem very loud.* ABS plastic design- Free of Bisphenol A(BPA). The ABS plastic has proven very strong even in cold conditions* Pealess- No cork pea to collect moisture and germs. Does not lock up with excessive moisture. Makes cleaning easy.* Easy to clean- The whistle can be used in water etc, and it clears easily. Easy to rinse out and clean with some vinager and water or some anti-septic mouthwash. Especially useful after a camping trip with kids.* Variety of colors- You can find these whistles in just about every color, and even with favorite sport logos. I use the orange one most for visiblity purposes. But I also have a "gold" one which is actually tan.* Economical- The price point on these whistles allows me to have a few extras on lanyards around for each kid in the campsite. They are taught not to abuse them, and to blow them in three bursts if they should somehow get lost.A great whistle for search and rescue work, lifguards, coaches, hunters and hikers. Very versatile and strong. For everyday carry I would also recommendMicro WhistleorUltimate Survival Jetscream Whistle Ultimate Survivaldue to their flat designs and smaller profile. The Fox 40 classic is a great standard whistle meeting most needs.
I compared this to a standard whistle (the ones with the &#34;pea&#34; inside).  This is louder, so in an emergency, this can be heard from farther away.  However, it takes a lot more air to blow it.  Therefore, if an emergency includes you being injured or weakened in some way, you might not get much sound out of it.My suggestion is to have one of these, but also have the traditional (easier to blow) whistle in your pack or emergency bag.  If you have the energy to blow this, do so, if you can only blow the other one, even though it isn't as loud, it may still save your life.
If you blow moderately hard or softly, you are going to be disappointed with the amount of sound this puts out.  However, if you blow as hard as you can, you will find a marked increase in the volume and your ears will be ringing for a little while afterwards.  Great, loud emergency whistle when used properly.
The Tee worked relatively well, managing perspiration and keeping body cool and &#34;together&#34;.  Though it seemed easier to run / breath during running, the rest of the activities were neither hindered nor enhanced by the shirt (shirt was used in a Spartan race).Overall, I was pleased with the product, though expected the compression to be a bit more than what was achieved by the Tee.
like the other reviews state order size bigger...trust me I usually wear XL...I'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice. I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet. SO do order size up.
I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here. Good thing I did they fit great. The only thing I don't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt.
The ultimate necessity on the beach these are fun and they makes You feel Really Strong and Focused... They go very far, they are fun, they are easy to catch.... Classic!
Aerobie rings are awesome as for distance, though you have to have good control.  Otherwise, you may find it leaves your neighborhood.It's good for kids when learning, because it will still fly if they flub the toss.They don't hold up to UV and weather really well.  A year in the backyard and the plastic is faded and brittle.  YMMV, but it should last a long time if you bring it in when you're done with it.Be advised that while the image shows a three-pack, you get only one.  They're a little pricey, but not too bad if you're expecting it.
The Aerobie Pro Ring is a fun disc.  It generally flies very straight and very true if you throw it correctly.  Throwing it correctly is not hard.It also flies FAR.  So, make sure you have ample room, such as a field.  We tried playing with one near our house on a 1 acre lot and it got stuck on the roof quickly.Later, I took my 10-14 year old kids to a football field to throw it, and we were regularly getting 50 yards on modestly powered throws.  An adult throwing the ring with full effort can easily achieve 70-100 yards of distance.Also, chasing the disc while it's flying towards you provides good exercise.This disc makes "frisbees" fun again!  Buy one!  Find a field!  And, have fun!
The Flash is an inexpensive EDC assisted opener. Very light, great clip comes sharp out of the box. Mine had a little vertical and horizontal blade play. I reinforced the lock spring, lock-tited the blade screw and completely removed the lock and basically eliminated the blade play. Overall good knife, not great. I will post a video of my modifications on youtube just type AKmoxey in the search
Background:The Spyderco Tenacious and the SOG Flash II are popular choices and because I have both in half serrated, and they are in the same price range, I compare them both here. The flash II is more popular in stores and I think Wal-Mart even sell them.I have had and still have several Flash II's and one Spyderco Tenacious. I have carried both as EDC for extended periods in tough use, so thought I would add my experience with them. I currently carry the flash II and a SAK, but carried the Tenacious and SAK for about a year and still have it and prefer it in the woods. I have carried Benchmade's, but they are a little expensive and I fear loosing one. I fly the airlines a lot on spur of the moment notice and have given several knives including at least two Flash's to TSA having no time to go back and store/ship it or something. I gave one to some Mexicans doing drywall work in the terminal in front of TSA screening rather then give it to TSA. I try to keep a knife in my desk, boat, backpack, and a couple of cars. So more expensive knives haven't been indicated for me.I carry a folder clipped inside the pocket (clip outside), with the point down, weak hand side.Spyderco Tenacious:Pros:Solid construction. Feels better then the Flash in use (in the hand). It has Stainless Steel liners under the G10 scales. It is more conventional and probably stronger then the Flash.Good blade steel. Better then the Flash II IMO. The 8Cr13MoV sounds better when sharpening too. Ha. But, that may be due to the heaver construction of the whole knife, less dampening due to the aluminum sides under the G10, and the thinner blade near the edge (flat ground). So even though the edge is thinner, and I have put a finer angle edge on it, the Tenacious holds an edge better.Blade shape - really nice for a wide variety of tasks with a wide leaf shape. Leaves plenty of room to get your thumb against the spider hole to open the knife.Good lock up. I don't like liner locks much, but it locks solidly and secure.Size of the Blade. I like this size knife for EDC.Easy enough to open with either hand.The belt clip is more durable and versatile then the Flash. The Flash clip breaks at one of the multiple 90 bends. The Tenacious clip is lower profile, stronger, grips better in a pocket, and can be mounted up, down, left and right.Cons:Difficulty closing with one hand: I am not a big fan of liner locks, but I like them much better then spring detent locks like old school pocket knives. I pretty much cut a thumb pad off once with a Tenacious so maybe some of it is psychological. You can get your thumb caught and sliced in the blade trying to close it with one hand. Just pushing the liner lock in will will drop the blade against your thumb if you hold it in the wrong position. Not a problem with two hands using the other one to control the blade closing, but with a bolt lock on the side you can close it with one hand and never need to get your finger/thumb under where the blade goes. This doesn't happen with a assisted opening knife as the blade is always trying to open until almost closed.Heavy (this is not a big thing for me, but it is noticeably heaver then a flash due to partial aluminum sides under the G10).Made in China. But, quality and steel is very good in the case of this knife, so Made in China" is more about ethics and politics then quality in this case.SOG Flash IIPros:Assisted opening. Get it past 5 or 10 with light pressure on the thumb and it snaps open. Great one handed operation, even if injured. A little more wow, or cool, factor then the Tenacious.Light weight. Feels quite a bit lighter then the Spyderco. Perhaps even less then substantial (personal preference). The flash is all plastic actually glass-reinforced nylon (GRN). It has some kind of metal bushing between the blade and (GRN) sides.Size of the Blade. I like this size knife for EDC.Lock up is solid, as far as staying open/not closing. There is a little slop though when open in both directions. I have never tried to tighten it up. I have never worried about it closing on me in use.Safety. You can lock it so it wont open in your pocket.Easy to sharpen.Made in USACon's:Slop when open. Not bad, but not as tight as the Tenacious.Safety - I have had it come open in my pocket a couple of times in active situations. It wasn't locked when this happened. Pretty scary. I knew it was open, or partially open; in one case when I reached in my pocket and cut a fingers, and two other times when I felt the point sticking into the front of my hip. In the later two I stopped moving and then moved real slowly until I got it folded back up and under control. Front pocket, bad place for an open knife. For some reason a Benchmade Barrage assisted open has never come open in my pocket (even unlocked). Of course the Benchmade is a great knife, but at more then twice the cost. I think the flash lacks a tendency to stay closed. Better spring assisted knives seem to have more force toward closed until you pass the point where it springs toward open. It's not like the safety is a plus, so much as it is just plain needed, because of the tenancy to come open if the thumb nut is bumped in the pocket. However, the safety will come off, or turn on, in pocket. This further aggravates the above problem.Steel is softer then Tenacious and doesn't hold an edge nearly as well. Easy to ding and dull the edge. Supposed to be AUS-8, 56-58 Rockwell (same hardness as Tenacious's Chinese 8Cr13MoV, but I perceive all three Flashes to be softer than and not hold an edge as well as the Tenacious based on use and response when sharpening ).I have broken 2 belt clips. SOG replaced them for free though. There is a place on there web sight for this.Belt clip can be mounted for left or right but not up or down. It only mounts for point down (that is it will be point down if opened).Fairly complicated to disassemble if needed to clean. Goes with the territory for an assisted.The glass-reinforced nylon (GRN) frame may feel cheap to some. It doesn't have any metal liners, but is very strong and works well.Summary:I like both knives for different reasons.I give the edge to the Tenacious for the Blade design & hardness, build construction, and belt clip. Opening is good and easy but requires moving the blade all the way open, or a strong flip on a well broken in knife.The Flash II is lighter (may be good or bad). I like the bolt action lock better, mainly for ease of closing with one hand, and the spring assist opening it great. The flash has more pzazz.Both knives are about the same price $30 to $45 depending on options and seller at the time of this post, with the Spyderco starting on the lower end of the overlap price range and the Flash topping out the range.A cross between these with the Spyderco blade design and steel, assisted opening and an axis type lock like the Flash, would be real cool. Better then either one IMO. My Benchmade Barrage is the best of both worlds or better, and I like it better (who wouldn't), but too expensive for EDC for me.Conclusion:Even though this is my EDC knife, I have to say the Spyderco Tenacious may be the more practical and possibly a better choice for most applications. It has better steel, seems to be stronger, better blade shape, etc. I still carry the flash because of the assist, weight, and the safety issues. It's almost like it's not there.Best choice is to get them both.Hope this helps someone decide.
As a knife, the SOG Flash II is good.  Not great, but good.The grip feels too flimsy for you to trust it as a work-horse knife.  I certainly wouldn't want to use it for more than light utility, for fear of the handle coming apart.The blade is too thin to allow for much prying or to be used as a heavy-cutter (I would not, for example, want to use it as a survival knife; i.e. tapping on with a branch to wedge-cut kindling apart).  Though the partial serration works well for cutting most anything.But, of course, none of that is why you're buying the Flash II.  It's a combat-style tactical folder, and for that it's pretty dang solid.The assisted opening works well; shaving a few tens of a second off of the opening-time for other lock-blades of this type.The handle is shaped fine for all three standard knife-fighting grips (forward, reversed, and side-gripped with thumb on flat of blade)...though it lacks any kind of metal for breaking windows, etc.The blade itself holds an edge well, and has a shape conducive to both cuts and thrusts.  The ambidextrous thumb studs, and reversible belt-clip, make it good regardless of how you carry and open it.The lock is easily engaged for simple one-handed closing.All in all, it's a great tactical lock-blade for the price.
I like this knife for the following reasons. It is sharp, lightweight, cool looking, and rugged. This knife is easy to operate with one hand because of the assisted opening feature. I own the newest version of this model which now has the arc lock instead of the piston lock. With the arc lock it is much easier on the finger to unlock the blade when folding it up (huge upgrade). SOG has also added jimping to the finger groove area to get a better grip. A couple of things I do not like about this knife is the blade play from right to left when opened and in the locked position, you can tighten the pivot screw to get rid of this play. Also there is blade play up and down just slightly when in the locked position (can't do much about that). Finally SOG put's an electronic anti-theft stick plate on the inside of the handle which can be removed if you take the handle apart. Why they do this is beyond me because most manufacturers put those stickers on the inside of the packaging. Not a deal breaker but it can be annoying! Overall a great knife and I would recommend it knowing it needs a few tweaks to tighten the blade and lose the theft sticker.
So I'll throw my review out here.  I've been carrying the knife for a few months now, and I'm very happy with it.  I've had the typical issues that seem to crop up with this knife.  The belt clip can get a little loose and it does crack the handle, but I tightened it up and stopped carrying it in my pocket (it rides in my Maxpedition Jumbo).  I also had some sideways play in the blade and again tightening the thing worked well.The blade deploys quickly, but you need to "follow through".  Light pressure on the lug will result in the blade not opening all the way and not locking into place.  It's sharp and holds an edge reasonably well, the safety is a nice "peace of mind" feature, but is probably not strictly necessary.One thing to be mindful of is that if you pull this knife out and flip it open, it's large enough that it'll flip some people out.  I've had a few instances in which people have given me sideways glances when I use it to open boxes, etc.  If you find this to be an issue for you consider the Flash I or a non-assisted blade.I am enjoying the knife and it has served to interest me in other SOG products so, that's either an endorsement or a warning depending on the size of your pocketbook, I guess.Good Knife, Good Price, very useful.
All around this is a fantastic EDC knife (not the fan of serrations but it was cheap enough at retail that it didn't matter for me).  Knife is aus 8 which is decent steel, factory sharp, fairly thick steel.Pros:Steel is good quality for this price point of knife.  Much more durable (as far as holding an edge) than similar chinese kershaw 8cr13mov.  This isn't a chinese knife but it's an "assembled" in the US.  Based on the steel my guess is this is primarily taiwan (for the steel) and/or chinese for the rest.  Chinese knives are usually 8cr13 or 8cr14 that's why I say this.  Taiwan metal working is actually pretty good when it comes to tools nowadays (about 90% of professional American metal work with similar materials) so there's no real problem with it.Safety is great, works, and you will use it because of the action.Handle is well designed for non-optimal condition use (i.e. grease, soil, water, etc).Cons:Clip design isn't great for removing the knife from a pocket (have to grip the knife oddly to remove it).The "assisted" action of the knife is way too fast for this type of knife.  I'm not saying that it's dangerous but it has the potential to be if you're not paying attention.Blade lock is a bit goofy, it doesn't really lock in place when the blade is deployed.Altogether for the money I paid (20 bucks), this is a great knife.  Though the design doesn't match the proposed function.  This is supposed to be a general use (actually "contractor grade" from the package) knife and it's a bit too pseudo-tactical for my tastes.  I'd still give it 4.5 stars because it's well made, lifetime warranty, and the price was right.  For this price range (20-40) you won't be able to do any better and this is a full featured knife in my opinion.
I really put this knife through the ringer. I tend to abuse my knives and let me tell you this one can put up with it. I wrote another review on this knife and said it was like a toy. I now retract that statement. This is a real knife, and it will hold up to just about anything you can do to it. SOG, keep 'em comin'... I will buy more SOG knives. By the way, this knife is made in the USA! Not all SOGs are, but all of the assisted opening ones are. I know because I called the company and they said this to me. I really don't think they would lie about something like that. Do you?
I found an SOG flash 2 in the road last summer when I was bike riding, It had been ran over by several cars and was still in good condition.  The Flash series of SOG knives really are great, they flick open with ease, and are very small.  It is a great folder.  Only two things about this knife I dont like which are the slight steep pricing, and the handle quality.  Overall an excellent folder.
Ended up returning it and getting the Becker bk7 but it's really just personal preference vs any major flaws with this knife.  It is a whole different type of tool.  The Becker is massive, burly, tough, heavy duty and heavy.  The SOG is light, nimble, and low profile with a much smaller and thinner blade.  I just didn't care for the feel of it in my hand and I don't think it would make a good survivalist knife compared to the becker.  It's too fragile for chopping and hacking and prying.  Nice knife, just not what I needed.
The knife helped out on my needs. Very durable, awesome price. The metal is good also. I couldn't beat the price anywhere else. I use this knife daily and it has not failed me yet
Great knife.  Not sure about the mixed reviews on the sheath.  I optioned for the Nylon with a plastic insert (where the blade goes in).  Works great and feels like its built to last.The knife and blade are everything I was looking for.  Although it is a bit smaller that I thought it would be.  BUT I have no plans on returning it, just planning to pick up the full size version as well.I did shop around after deciding on this knife and by far Amazon has/had the best price
The Seal Pup is a great knife to have alongside your pistol. This rode next to my M9 on a Blackhawk Serpa and Omega holster. Held its edge, the grip was good if you were not wearing gloves and is made cutting chores easy. The 4 star rating is because the sheath was a bit cheap. Chunks got torn out of it. The blade finish also wears off. I ended up engraving mine a bit so it didn't look like everyone else's knife. Everyone seemed to be carrying these since they were cheap and sold locally. I would suggest these were serial numbered so you could at least ID yours from another one. Great buy and if you don't have a need for an M9 bayonet, this could be your fixed blade for travel and deployments.
I picked up one of these knives as a work knife for my hunting lease.  I used it all this past season and was impressed.  Very sharp, and so light it almost feels like a toy.  It cut burlap, canvas, camo netting, 550 cord and other assorted rope effortlessly.  It wouldn't be appropriate for chopping (too light), but it's definitely a cutter.  It would be great as a tackle box knife and I'm sure it would be satisfactory for self defense if necessary.  A few minor criticisms: the serrated edge portion of the blade is so small its essentially worthless.  I'm not a fan of serrated edges on knives to begin with; if I had it to do over again I'd buy the plain blade.  My other criticism is that the sheath feels flimsy, I would much prefer kydex or even leather.  This would be an ideal fixed blade knife for kids or adults with smaller hands.  I'm becoming more of a SOG fan than I ever expected to be. I prefer a heavier knife and bought a SOG Super Bowie 2.0 (fabulous blade!).  All in all, a great knife for the price.  I would recommend it.
The knife itself is well made and comes nice and sharp out of the box. My only minor quibbles are that it appears to not be a full-tang knife, and it also is lacking any sort of good strike surface on the butt. The only other downside is that the sheath that came with it (the nylon model with the integrated multi-tool pouch) isn't really that great in my opinion. It's rather bulky and I personally have no desire to store my multi-tool there, but I have a friend with the same sheath who loves it, so to each their own.That said, I have no qualms about my purchase and it's a solid, well-built knife that I anticipate will last me quite some time.
I paid 55 for it, and i'm fine with it. I think cold steel does better with AUS8 steel, but the knife is okay. It has rusted a bit, and doesn't hold an edge as well as my other aus 8 knives, but it is solid, cool looking, and stays sharp enough for long enough. I probably wouldn't buy it again as I feel I could do better for the money, but this is ONE of the better options for this type of knife.
I gave it 4 stars because really for recreational scuba diving IMO, a 7inch blade is too long. The Shorter "SEAL Pup" is a better knife. That said, this is a pretty tough knife. Not as strong as the Strider WB or TAC 10/11, but still strong enough for recreational scuba divers. Those other knives are also way more expensive, like 3x this one.  The sheath which isn't pictured here is very high tech. It holds the knife firmly, has lots of straps and loops for almost any carry position. So a better choice than those cheapy but flashy dive knives from US Divers.
I think this is a very nice knife of high quality. I think that the handle could be much more form fitting to your grip.
The SOG SEAL knife is a very good knife. The blade came with a decent edge on it. The sheath is very good quality. There is a plastic insert that the blade slides into. A couple things to mention...First, the knife is made in Taiwan. So if you want an American made knife skip this one. Second, the knife handle is a hard (Zytel). I don't know why, but I assumed the handle would have a little give to it. The checkering does help with the ability to grip the handle though. I'd like for the guard to be a little more prominent, just in case my hand ever slipped. The end of the tang meant for hammering won't help you out too much except for small things. It is only about a quarter inch thick. Overall this is a good knife that I would feel comfortable having with me in the field if I didn't have my KaBar.
Personally I like the thinner, think it's aluminium sided knife that's the same model. Couple buck more but worth it. It was though shipped quickly and well packed.
Overall a sturdy set of horseshoes.  They have rusted a bit over time, I suppose I should bring them in.  But all in all this is a great set of serious horseshoes for a recreational used.
My only experience with playing Horseshoes is when I was a kid with my Dad, so I wasn't quite sure what to look for when I got the whim to build a pit in our backyard.  I went to the local sporting store and looked at sets and they seemed kind of cheesy so I came on here to look up sets and found this one.  It was a little pricier than the ones in the store so I was hesitant to order, but after reading the reviews I did and after getting I them I found they are definitely worth the few extra bucks.  They are quality, well-constructed and Made in the USA.  They feel good in my hand and came with instructions to refresh me on how to play the game.  The paint has chipped some but that hasn't bothered me since it doesn't interfere in playing the game.  I would recommend this set to anyone interested in backyard games.
I love this griddle as it is such a convenient size. The heavy base means that you can cook your omelet on low flame and it would cook through nicely before you flip it. On lighter pans the omelets start burning on one side while the other side is still liquid. I make tortillas/ and Indian rotis and paranthas on it too. It works very well as you have to heat the griddle on high flame for perfect rotis and teflon coated girdles just get runied very quickly if you use them for high flame dry cooking. Cast iron is "non-stick" and you can take it to high heat without worries...and even use your metal spatulas on it.The only reason why it gets 4 stars is that the handle heats up too and you have to use a pot holder to move the girdle around and remember never to touch it while cooking. The other reason is that since it is made of cast iron you always have to hand wash it and wipe it dry to store. Other wise next time you need it you will be scraping off rust spots from the griddle. It also takes some time to reach a consistent temperature, so if I'm just making one quick omelet or fried egg I still bring out the old teflon. You may ask why would I deduct a star for these reasons as these points would apply to any cast iron cookware, but these factors make it a little less convenient to use this griddle often. And it loses a point when compared with other non-cast iron cookware.Overall though, this griddle is an invaluable addition to my kitchen, especially for my Indian breads.
I didn't give it a 5 star only because , when it got here it was already rusting, and not pre seasoned.  Still love the pan.  Pancakes are simply the best on a flat cast iron pan.
I bought two pieces of Logic cast-iron cookware for my wife as she had been talking about getting them for quite a while.  Based on the reviews and the price I thought it'd be hard to go wrong.Initially, even though we closely followed the instructions (no soap, oil after every use, etc) we found food stuck to the iron very, very easily.  In fact, the first couple times we used them we nearly gave up because they were so difficult to cook with and clean.  For example, we fried a couple of eggs and about half of the eggs remained glued to the cooking surface.We decided to buy a can of PAM non-stick spray and that helped A LOT.  Even though we continue to keep them well-oiled while they are in the cabinet and clean with a 3M abrasive pad, we now use PAM before we cook and we've had much better luck.The best thing I can tell about cast-iron is the heat conductivity and evenness.  They get hot very quickly and hold heat for a long time.  And for the price they are a steal.  But you really gotta be patient the first few times you use them and I *highly* recommend a non-stick spray.  It makes cooking and clean-up so much easier!
This is a terrific size.  I use it on my glass-top stove and the heat distribution is good.  It is big enough to cook a wide variety of items--my most frequent are eggs, grilled veggies, and French toast.  The seaoning it comes with is a good start but not nearly enough.  I've baked it several times with coconut oil (we're vegetarian, so no bacon or hamburger for us) which has helped, but it still isn't quite where I'd like it to be.  It will get there, though.I like that the handle doesn't get too hot at med-high temp, and I can still lift the pan off the burner without needing a mitt.  At high temp though, don't forget that mitt.When I clean, I wait until it's a little warm, then scrape them pan off with a Pampered chef nylon scraper It works great to get the rounded bits around the edges, then you can turn the scraper over and use the squared-off end for tougher spots on the pan.  After I rinse all that off, I use a Cell-O type scrubber to get the rest off.  Another quick rinse, a dry with a towel, and it's clean.  I give it a little spritz of oil and rub with a paper towel, and it's ready to go for next time.  Overall, I'm very pleased with this versatile pan.  Hard to imagine I've spent so many years paying big bucks for nonstick that only lasts a couple years when this will last forever and is healthier.
My mother always cooked in iron skillets and the food was wonderful. I had never had one myself. After reading some articles about it being a good thing I went for it. I love that it is made in the USA! Lodge Logic is proud too they have a special tag on the handle makes you feel good you bought American. Well for the skillet.It comes pre-seasoned. I rinsed in in hot water to clean it as you are not to use soap. I made french toast in it this morning and it did stick in spite of the fact I had butter in the griddle. It was not ruined though. I used a metal spatula and it turned okay. The difference came it the taste. It was better. Who knew?The clean up was easy I scraped it with the spatula under hot water dried immediately and put a light coat of oil on it while still warm. It stays warm a long time. I can remember my Mom making one skillet dinners and sitting the skillet on the table and it was hot for seconds.I am happy with the purchase, I must admit I am spoiled my nonstick but I will adjust as it does taste much better.
Cheap and relatively light for cast iron (relatively!), it's not the greatest, but it works. You do have to keep it seasoned, of course. We use it occasionally at our cabin, and it's fine for once-in-a-while use - blackening trout or salmon, for example.
I use this for camping. Cast iron can't be beat for durability. Just follow directions for the care of it and you'll never have a problem.
The edges of the handle are rough, which is only an issue when handling a cold pan. The rough edge might actually help to get a good grip with a potholder. Good? Bad? It is up in the air. But one star deducted nevertheless for less than smooth construction.Rating will be reduced to one star if my girlfriend tries to hit me with it. "I'm not upset with you, my darling........just go to sleep........"
I like this because it fits my cup holders well. I also don't notice too much taste, although there is a slight metallic taste to the water. I dislike how the finish will chip off the bottom easily.
I don't say the cap is odd because of it's built-in carabiner support, but because if you fill it just a tad too much, you'll inadvertently create a "bubble" underneath the cap for when you open it, will pop and leak fluid everywhere. I learned the hard way, and now only fill the bottle up a certain amount before putting the cap on.The bottle does keep liquids insulated nicely, but if you want liquids to stay hot/cold for longer, get an insulated sleeve that will fit this bottle.I like the integrated carabiner/clip loop, as it allows for the bottle to be properly secured to a bookbag, or anything that a hook can be hooked to.It feels like it was built with quality in mind, as I don't think I will be worrying about it falling & cracking or denting. It's easy to clean, doesn't leech into drinks, and is BPA free!
Originally I had bought the Howard Leight Impact Sports electronic muffs but had to return them due to fit. I bought these to replace them and I really like them. The fit is really nice and they are comfortable. The noise cancellation works well too in outdoor and indoor ranges. I didn't find the battery compartment too difficult to get in to using a flat head screw driver. The negative thing I found was that the on/off button knob fell off when I first turned them on. Perhaps putting some locktite might help there.
These are low-profile and work well. Not as well as a pair of non-electronic earpro, but still very well. The volume feature is nice and it does allow for normal or improved hearing when it's not dampening sound.Some caveats:1. The opening of the battery compartment was a bit difficult, but not insurmountably so. Best used with a tool, like a screwdriver.2. Do remember to turn these off when not using them!

These are great headsets for recreational shooting and the like.  I purchased them primarily for recreation, but gave them a try at work.  They fit well under a helmet, but I am still not quite sold on them for that purpose.  They are low profile and fit under an ACH easily enough, but I believe they are best suited for recreational use.The batteries are a real pain to get to, but they seem to last a good while.  I went through 3 full days worth of shooting with the volume turned all the way up, and they were still going strong when I was done.  It is easy to forget to turn these guys off, so you have to be very deliberate about it.  There is not automatic shut off as with other brands.They are comfortable.  The headband is relatively low profile and if you're not wearing a helmet.  They are easily adjustable for different head sizes.  They sound very good, and the wind doesn't seem to affect them much.  I don't know if that would change if the little foam covers came off the mics though.  Overall, they seem pretty tough.They sound good and speech is easy to understand while wearing them.  When shooting, there is no noticeable mute on/off with the electronic sound attenuation... it cuts off the sound and comes back so fast that it simply sounds like the shots aren't loud.  When having a conversation, you can't even notice them in action.  I've used some others that had a very noticeable mute effect with slow reaction time... very frustrating and distracting.Either way, after a couple months worth of use, they still work well and seem like a pretty solid product.
These are great for  my recreational shooting.  The volume level is perfect, and dampen noise perfectly when shooting.  Also they are fairly comfortable for a day of shooting.  Only gripe is no matter how often I check to make sure they're off, I will go to use them and notice the were turned on and the batteries are dead.  I have resorted to popping batteries out just to make sure.
The only issue I had with these was that if I had my sunglasses on while shooting, the sides of my head would start to ache as these pushed the frame of the sunglasses into it. My friend has a pair of Oakley's that are flat on the sides, rather than rounded like mine and he says he has no problems with it.Otherwise, these things are great. Crystal clear hearing, but blocks out anything dangerous. Would buy again.
My daughter let me borrow her pair at the firing range and I absolutely had to have a pair for myself. I was able to still hear my surroundings without having to lift up the ear piece every time. With these I could hear instructions clearly yet the firing of guns was sufficiently muffled.
have not been able to test these at the shooting range but it appears that these will hold up fairly well. however i see only two cons1. battery replacement is a major pain not a simple task and instructions are pretty pointless for it2. the cushioning on the piece had torn slightly will trying to replace the batteries. pretty bummed but overall wont affect the performance
I am very much pleased with these muffs!  This year I had so much trouble hunting.  I shoot a 7 mag, thats a loud mother but I always want to be able to hear. In the past I have kept my muffs pulled up above my ear slightly.  Problem there is, it starts to hurt your ear, it bends the ear's natural fold to where I can only hear whats directly beside me and you run the risk of scaring game when repositioning them. My fiance has sat with me to be extra eyes and ears and she wore no muffs, luckily I never took a shot.All those problems made me finally break down and say I'm going a new route.  I'm so pleased with the 97044s.  They look sleak, they feel sturdy and they fold up to a compact size.  They fit comfortable and tight.  The amplification of my hearing ability is awesome!  A real upper hand when hunting.  Battery life seems to be decent too.  I will agree with the review that said battery placement and changing is difficult and could have been better designed, but I've got it down now, so no more problems there.As for the dB rating, I can believe it.  When I first put them on, I did a series of hand claps and other noises in front of the mics.  Cut right out just as promised.  Confident with it I shot my 7 and my PLR-16 (which is ungodly loud with a muzzle break) and 100% satisfaction.  I've seen some reviews saying that the 97044s did not work well, I'm going to contribute it to maybe Peltor isn't consistant with product quality?As for the delay time after the cut out, who cares?  I don't take a shot and then carry on an important conversation immediately.  There is a few seconds delay but I mean come on, for general usage, is that really a problem?  It does not bother me in the least bit.I'm no expert on shooting muffs, but my range junkie buddies tell me there is a lot better quality protection out, but for the price these are outstanding muffs.  Thats why I didn't rate them a full 5 stars, because they have been improved upon.  But the quality I got for the price is unbeatable.  I will be ordering more for family and friends before this year's deer season.
This compass is just what you need if you're trying to navigate using maps. It's well made and very reasonably priced.The compass is easy to read and is well damped by the liquid inside.This isn't the type of compass you'd want to use for regular hiking, but it very well suited for use with maps and charts. Since it doesn't fold, you'd have a hard time putting it in your pocket.For normal hiking, I prefer a lensatic compass. It's very easy to shoot a bearing to a landmark. Brunton makes a pretty decent unit.
This is a good practical compass, about perfect for hiking. (It comes with a lanyard, not shown.)  It's a good value.  jt/VT
This an excellent, inexpensive compass which I use in the car for navigating. I understand that one needs a sighting mirror for serious work, but I just use it in the car. It has good visibility, is lightweight, accurate, and best of all, doesn't cost that much. It's cheap enough so that if I lose it, I can buy another one, and it's more than accurate enough for my needs. I like the green baseplate, which allows me to find it in low light if I drop it. The needle is quite responsive, and you don't have to jiggle the case to get it to move as in many cheap compasses. All in all a good, decent quality, inexpensive compass.
This is a decent compass. It was worth the price. I use it while hiking and it will point you in the right direction. Would make a good gift for a kid to play with because it's cheap but solid and functional.
It is what you would expect a official MLB Rawlings baseball. It comes in a cardboard box with a piece of tissue paper. The reason only 4 stars is one of the 2 balls i bought had a minor blemish right on the sweat spot. The spot was small enough and I was using the ball for a autograph right away so there wasn't anytime to replace it.There is another option that comes in a acrylic display case that you can find for about the same price if you look around which will save you buying a separate display case later if you plan on displaying the ball.If your buying this for a autograph you can't get better than a ROMLB but if your getting something signed maybe plan ahead so you get a flawless ball or buy one in a display case from a store so you can see it before you buy.
The Airzooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The Airzooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
I purchased one each for my niece and nephew. Almost ordered one for myself! I recalled when I was a child, something like this was out there & I recall being amazed and in general having a fun time all around. Who can resist shooting the dog with a puff of air or even more nefarious escapades ;-) ?!? Well, when I saw this, I decided that the younger generation should have some of the same fun, rather than just another video game (how in the world do you lovingly torment your pet with one of those??).Needless to say, the kids have had a BLAST (pun intended). Smiles all around!Issues include difficulty and frustration in assembly, large size (yes, I understand the reasons/physics for the size), and durability over the long haul.Still, when the snow is freshly fallen and you send a blast of air at a pile between yourself and your unsuspecting friend or family member--well what more needs to be said??!!
They love it and you cant hurt anything with it..but dont let them do it to the bird in the house..trust me on this one.
This thing is really pretty amazing.  I took it to work and annoyed people with it all day.  It will shoot an air-ball at least 20 feet or so.  My son uses it until we make him quit shooting his sisters with it.  The dog hates it.  It has been pretty durable as we have had ours more than two years.  The "sights" are decently accurate also if you use them correctly.I bought mine for $5.00 at a "dollar" type store.  At $15.00-20.00, I probably would not have bought it.  But now that I have it, I would say I have gotten at least $50.00 worth of fun out of it.Anyway, it is really nifty how this thing can shoot a ball of air across a room.
Fun toy that takes some getting used to. Plan to spend some time chasing this thing before you get the hang of it. Make sure to use this in WIDE open areas and on grass, turf or other soft grounded areas. Asphalt and sidewalks will tear it up pretty quickly and the gashes/chips can effect the boomerangs desired flight trajectory. Other than that it's a lot of fun to toss around. :-)
it took a little getting used to but it did start coming back. it has brief instructions on itself and more detailed ones on the packaging. it seems durable. it's cheap. and it's cool. it could be even better if you could choose colors and if it came with flashing LED lights. also, you will now hate trees, like a lot.
I did not expect a boomerang to be this shape. At first this toy can be frustrating to use because you have to figure out how to throw it properly. I highly recommend to use this toy in a large space because this thing flies up and around is a large loop. You may need to do some tweaking to the fins at the end to make the toy work properly.
This things work well but you need a lot of room to get a full swing. Its takes a little practice to throw it correctly but once you get the technique down its a lot of fun. It travels a long distance so you'll need a big open area to enjoy this little toy. Quality is good and it takes a hard crash well.
Product seems well made and arrived in good order. The only thing that I have found bad about it is the fan makes some pretty loud noise. I think it may bother me when I have it in a motel room (I also bought the AC adapter).I have some experience with this type cooler and the others I have used did not have as loud of fan.On the plus side: It fits where I wanted it behind my drivers seat, so my front seat passenger can reach back and open it easily. Quality feel to it and it is not too heavy.The instructions say only use in heat mode 'up to 45 minutes' if that makes a difference to anyone.
This is one tough case. Big enough for all my video stuff. Nice looking as well. It feels like it could fall out of an airplane and my gear would survive. I like that i can make the foam into whatever shape i need. Case latches are very good.
In a single stone sharpening a complete kit, I really like that it is compact and easy to carry what I do not like is its weight, to be as small heavy.
It sharpens knives, nuff said! Nice and compact sharpening surface fits into handle, light weight you get what you paid for. Though I don't recomend sharpening your knives/blades while drunk you may scratch up your blades lol like I did to one of my knives.
I got the DCS4 sharpened a few months ago not cause I needed a new sharpener, I already had a nice [and expensive] set of Arkansas stones, but because I needed to add $14 to an order so I figured why not. It sat for a few months unused and I didn't pay it much attention cause the handle is so large it effectively makes the surface shorter since your holding the knife at an angle that's lower than the handle is tall so you can't make full passes.Well just messing around the other day I removed the excess plastic so I had a flat 2-sides sharpener and made a wood base I could set it into giving me the correct height to use it as a bench stone and allowing me to use the full length since there's no handle to get in the way.Since I did that I've used this little sharpener to quickly tune up several blades I was having trouble with on my larger Arkansas stones, particularly a few recurve shape blades, this cheap little diamond sharpener put a shaving sharp (but still pretty coarse, [they're "fine" is only around 800 grit]) edge on S30V steel on my ZT 0350 and the 154CM steel on my Benchmade 555 in no time. I also touched up my wife's spyderco with VG-10 which it cut like butter, I could reprofile that blade with ONLY the fine side, that's how well it cuts.Don't expect to see yourself in your nicely polished edge, but its got no problem taking a dull knife to shaving arm hair cleanly in under 10 minutes. The ergonomics of the sharpener take away from its sharpening ability, a half hour in the workshop building a nice little base is time well spent for the amount of time this diamond sharpener will save over going up threw the grits on Arkansas stones, not to mention the large difference in initial cost and the continued cost of honing oil /WD40 when using Oil stones.Since being impressed with this just a few days ago I already placed an order for aDMT D6EF 6-Inch Dia-Sharp Double-Sided Extra-Fine/Fine Bench Stonecontinous diamond stone (2-sides:fine/extra fine) but not because the DCS-4 doesn't make a satisfactory working edge, I just happen to like a smoother lookin edge so I'm going up to a 1200 grit diamond stone with the D6EF as well as it being 6x2 vs the smaller DSC4 @ only 4x1. I highly recommend DMT stones, 2 weeks ago I was happy with my sharpening setup and not even thinking about replacing or changing anything, this $14 4" smiths DCS4 had made me COMPLETLY switch up my old tried-and-true sharpening technique. I would only give it 3* the ergonomics are so bad, but after giving it a chance and making the actual sharpening part of the sharpener into a usable device this one little thing impressed me so much I doubt I'll use an Arkansas stone again.
This sharpener is a pocket version of a boxed unit I keep in my shop.  The handle reverses to enclose the dual sharpening surfaces, making it a compact package to carry in your field back, if not in your pocket, as it is a little heavy to cart around in your pocket, in case you are bored and want to sharpen your knife.  But as an addition to your kit, it is ideal, and will keep or restore your knife's edge quickly and effective  Contrary to description, it is 9 inches open and 6 inches closed.
We use it for our camping knives...a long blade machete and a 4.5&#34; fixed blade knife. It keeps them nice and sharp. I also love that the cover snaps onto the stones to create a handle, therefore saving space...perfect for outdoor utility.As someone who works in a professional kitchen and has experience sharpening knives, I know that it's easy to wreck your blades if your not sharpening right. I wish this stone came with thorough instructions, but it doesn't so be sure to read up on the internet to make sure you're doing it right!
The product is exactly as described. The combination of the two grits, groove for tip sharpening, color coding, plastic/rubber construction, locking sheath, etc make this a very convenient, portable and durable sharpening tool. Its not going to get you razor sharp but it will keep your field tools sharp enough, do it quickly and take a butter knife to good enough skinning quality in no time. Its also light weight and requires little to no maintenance. The only "problems" I have with it is the width and no easy way to lay it level and supported. Both issues are easy to remedy but perhaps aspects for the manufacturer to look at for improvement.
It's good in a pinch and you can throw it just about anywhere and not worry about breaking it, but for a really sharp edge on the average knife that sees a lot of use you will want something better like a Spyderco triangle sharpmaker (or probably any triangle sharpener... I just happen to have the Spyderco) or learn to use a nice Japanese water stone setup.
I think this is a useful and practical sharpener, but tends to be a jack of all trades:  It offers flexibility but doesn't do one thing exceedingly well.  Here are some observations based on my experience:Pros:Combination of Coarseness:  I like that this tool comes with both a coarse and fine stone.  I have various knives and blades in various conditions:  Sometimes a fine stone is just not enough to bring back a neglected edge to where it should be and I find the coarse stone is just what I need.  While I think the descriptions are reasonably accurate, this stone does take a learning curve to master.  Initially, both sides act coarser than they should be, as the diamonds break and wear to a more consistent surface.  It will seem, then, that it quickly loses its effectiveness, when in reality it is just breaking in.Utility:  On both sides of the stones, there is a flat patch for very small blades, which is nice.  There is also a groove on both stones for sharpening points of, say, fish hooks or needles.  I'm not sure how often I'll be sharpening my fish hooks, but it's a thoughtful feature.  The cover turns around to form a handle and, though made of plastic, it has held up well and doesn't allow the stone to shift when sharpening.  Unlike a more traditional stone meant to sit flat on a surface, this one is best held at an angle, keeping the tip held on a surface with the handle.  This is how I've been using it and find that works best for me.  The relatively small size of this sharpener requires a different technique than having a large stone to work on, using both hands on the blade, when the stone sits on a flat surface.  Overall, this stone is able to sharpen a broad range of edges, whether on knives, wood carving tools, etc.Effectiveness:  I have found this stone to be effective sharpening a range of tools, from my high carbon kitchen knives, to my EDC folder, to my stainless multitool blades.  It works, and I've been happy with it.Cons:Size:  I'm not sure this is a con, but I find this tool somewhat awkward to use.  Ideally, I prefer sharpening my tools, whatever they are, in the comfort of my shop, using both hands, on a large stone.  With this, you just can't do that.  Ah, you say, it's not meant for that!  True... but I find myself, more often than not, sharpening my knives back at home after backpacking or camping, rather than on site where I can't do as good a job at it.  I like its versatility and I do think it works really well.  It's just that... this usually isn't the one I reach for.  Would I use this one when I'm at home versus the larger stones on my bench?  No.  Would I take this one backpacking?  No, because I'd be going into the back country with sharp blades to begin with and I'm certainly not going to carry something this heavy unless it's essential.  Would I keep it in my truck?  Mmmmm.... maybe, but 9 out of 10 times I'd be bringing my blades back home to sharpen anyway.  Would I want this if I had to bug out due to zombie attack?  Well, of course I would!!!  But that hasn't happened yet and I'm starting to wonder if it will...Other Thoughts:This is a good quality, multi-purpose, compact sharpener at a pretty decent value.  There are plenty of purists out there who would howl at the thought of allowing their blades to touch anything but crazy-expensive exotic water stones.  Whatever.  Unless you've just dropped your (or your kid's) college tuition on a blade that will never, ever be used for fear of getting a nick on the edge, this sharpener will work just fine and will give you a decent-to-near-scalpel edge if you use it properly.  (with or without stropping for you edge geeks)The question is, is this the right tool for you?  Personally, I find myself reaching for the stones that are dedicated to my bench top most often, and so this one ends up living in my camping gear.  If you are short on space, though, or find yourself with a more portable lifestyle, this sharpener may be for you.  Four stars for a quality sharpener at a great price.
These don't last long if you sharpen a good deal.  After a couple of months a significant amount of the grit is gone and you have to start seeking good spots on the sharpener, usu. top and bottom.  Same with my Lansky fine sharpener. When the grit goes, the holes (on either) start catching the edge--not good.  Still, even quality stones wear, and as I said, I just bought my 3rd one in 3 years, so there must be something right about it.  Basically, it is quick, gets a good--not great--I use Japanese water stones for my best knives--edge. Frequently, I have had friends admire whatever knife I am carrying and pull theirs out and this enables me to put a quick, easy edge on their blades and hand it back to them, tickled.
I have two, one in the shop & one in the kitchen. My son is a food snob & I purchased one for him at Christmas, unsure if he'd like, or even use it. He & his wife do nothing but rave about it. Compact, easy to store & easy to clean.
Only one thing i dont like ; the stick doesnt fit as tight as should in handle . sharpens well AND it maintains , so far , the surface integrity . MANY so-called "diamond hones" do not maintain and in one or two sharpenings still work , but are nearly smooth making shapening take much longer . still , all in all a good buy and may buy another .
Great and stone compacts inside the handle for smaller storage.  I bought this to sharpen my Cold Steel shovel and Trail Hawk while camping.  It's just the right size so you dont cut yourself while sharpening anything like a smaller stone.  It worked perfect,  this stone is better for sharpening items like shovels, axes and machete's than for a knife.  I have always been a fan of the verticle v shaped ceramic sticks for sharpening kinves and although this item would work,  its better for larger blades.
I put this on my Ruger Mark III Target and I am very happy. The multiple reticles would be more fun with larger targets, but at 50 yards, you only need the 3 MOA dot. Easy zeroing and not as heavy as expected, but then again, a Mark III Target is a beast of a .22 pistol. Don't buy the cheesy $20 red dot. Save your dough and buy this quality product. Aimpoints are GREAT, but over rated. If you don't mind the added weight, then this is a better buy.
Well if the item worked perfectly, without a doubt it would get 5 stars, so without being able to experience a perfect product, I give 4. The quality is very good. The polarized additional lens also is a nice touch. The 10 brightness setting work very well and the dot is easily visible in the brightest daylight. Mine however may have been tossed around a bit by the shipper because my dot looks like an exploding firework and the right side of the lens has an obtrusive Orange reflection or glare from the mal-aligned mirror inside. It might also just be a defective unit. I am pretty bummed that it is not in perfect shape, as I really like the sight. The glass is pretty clear and it also has a 1" extension tube for when the sun is going down. I have heard great things about Bushnell customer service so I will attempt to send it in for repair as the manual states lifetime warranty. My seller who was Earphones Plus, was excellent. The item arrived in a few days, and actually 5 days before the expected delivery. He was both cooperative and always responded to my emails to insure I got the product taken care of.Edit: Product was fixed and functions perfectly. Easy to zero, and holds zero very well. Happy as a pig in mud!
I liked my Bushnell Trophy 1x28 Red Dot Rifle scope so much that i bought another for my Remington 308.Very easy to sight in and i like the sun shield and 10 brightness settings.Good bang for the buck!
I mounted this to a 357 magnum, and the dot seems to stay zeroed even with some hot handloads.  It replaced a Tasco red dot which wouldn't stay zeroed with light 38 special rounds.  Its nowhere near as nice as $200 red dots, but for the money this works great.
for first looks n judgements its a pretty well built sight n is simply mean lookin, mounted it on my ak47 havent had a chance to shoot it n see how it holds zero, will update as soon as i put some rounds thro it
Here is the scoop. I did a bunch of comparison research.  I chose this optic because of its eye relief and rugged reputation. I mounted it on my cetme rifle. It is tough as nails. Zeroed just fine and is fast to pick up on low power and plenty powerful enough for100-200 yard shooting. The optics are clear and bright. Solid system. It does what it is suppose to do. Best quality scope in its power and cost bracket. Easily handles 308 load recoil. My first choice would be the Redfield 2-7 33 mm. The bushnell was half that cost. I use equipment hard and only use good proven stuff I can depend on to protect my world and put meat on the table. This optic system does both very well.
For the average shooer using the average 22 rifle you can't find a better bargain.I would give it 5 stars but I reserve that for the more expensive scopes.
I have this mounted onto a S&W; M&P; 15/22 rifle with Millett steel rings and a UTG high riser.I can look through it and see the target fine.  The unit is solid.  It's made in Korea, which surprised me.  I figured it would be Chinese.  I really don't have anything bad to say about it.  We will see how well it holds up.  I probably only have a few hundred rounds through it, but I don't expect 22LR to give it too much of a jarring.FWIW, I like more magnification than this, but I guess that's my own fault.  Now I know.  I also own the Bushnell Banner Dusk & Dawn 4-12 x 40 which I do prefer, but that's because I like more light and more magnification.
I finally decided I needed a scope for my 22 rifle. I had a peep sight before. This one is the best of many I looked at. Easy to mount and sight. Clear instructions and clear view of targets. I am glad I got it. Great product for the price.
Works great for the money. Have it mounted to my M&P15 556 and it holds zero nicely.  Works great up to about 125 yards, after all it is only a 3-9x40.
I got this for a remington 700 in .223 and its very clear at 4x but at 12x ita nothing special. it was only like $90 but i would spend the extra $50 and get a better scope. i will be replacing this soon.
I have this scope and a comparable Nikon Prostaff Target EFR 3-9x40 AO Matte Precision Reticle.  The Nikon wins hands down but is twice the money.  The Bushnell has very good optics and I only rate this scope down a notch for the reasons listed below.1. The turret knobs are very small, hard to read, and awkward to adjust one click at a time.  The comparable Nikon has larger knobs, resettable to zero, and easy to read. Minus one point here.2. The crosshairs on the Bushnell are thicker than I personally like.  For a target scope I prefer thin crosshairs and a target dot in the center.  This Banner model scope with the thicker crosshairs would be great for hunting even in low light conditions.  The comperable Nikon has thinner crosshairs and a very small dot in the middle which makes it very nice for target shooting!FOR THE MONEY, the Bushnell is a decent scope. I would buy it again but would prefer the Nikon.  The thinner crosshairs better suits my needs.  I use this Bushnell Banner scope on a Savage Model 93 series bolt action 22 mag rifle.
took to bass pro free bore sight took to range nice and tightcons no additional markings for longer ranges however price point too good to pass
I havn't tried every scope, and certainly not the expensive ones.  This scope does a fine job and does a very reasonable job in lower light conditions.
So far, so good.  Had to replace the scope on my deer rifle and went with this scope. Very bright, crisp and clear glass for the money.  Only reason I give it four stars is the location of the parallax adjustment.  I want it to sit as low as possible on the rifle and I had to raise it slightly to be able to adjust parallax.  Would prefer a turret adjustment for parallax.
Put this scope on top of my .300 WSM as a replacement for a Lupold with a broken cross hair turret knob. Optics are very crisp and clear at all yardages, percision windage and elevation adjustments. After bore sight I had scope dialed in at 200 yard zero in no time continued to hold true after 75 rounds. Target identfication at 500 yards was no problem on the x18 setting.I do not think I have ever owned a "bad" Bushnell scope, this one is no exception.
If you Want a decent scope that can stand the pounding it takes from a .308, then this is your scope. I previously bought a Barska scope that  shook to pieces after 12 shots.  After 3 hours of shooting, and more than 60 rounds, I shot my best pattern of the day at 100 yards, and I am not that great a shot ! The adjustments are not as smooth as a $4,000 scope, bit it is not a 4k scope, and bottom line is, it worked fine for me. Two thumbs up For Bushnell.
This scope has a fantastic field of view with the 50mm and great magnification, the dusk til dawn is wonderfull. I had this scope for one season and had trouble getting a zero out of it, but was close and hunted it anyways, got a nice Doe. The next year with hours and hours of fine tuning i still couldnt reach zero and sent it back to Bushnell for service/repair. They charged me like $50 totall and sent it back to me, the sheet stated they had made corrections and the scope was now good. I remounted and again spent hours trying to get a good zero, i couldnt keep it tight. and at that point i started noticing that the turrets were "grinding" and one click sometimes felt like 3 clicks.. weird, and the focus sounded like it had sand in it when adjusting. I had enuff, i removed the scope and broke out my note pad, for every problem i wrote it down and taped it to the scope and mailed it in. I also made mention in the note of ALOT of wasted time and ammo, as well as one servicing being done already.. within about two weeks i got a new Bushnell box via UPS and inside was a brand new scope.  The new scope has been very very good, i took another Doe durring muzzleloading season with it this year.  My experience was with defective scope, and iffy repair service, then a new scope and all was better. Im glad Bushnell decided to send me a new scope as i had lost all faith in my first one. I own 3 Banners and One Elite.. if you can afford the elite, i highly recomend them.I hope you found my review helpfull in your decision.
Really nice budget scope. The clamp part of the rings that go over the top did not line-up really well with the bottom mount so I dinged them 1 star. But, if you're using your own rings like I am ( Aim Sports 1 - Inch Rings 3/8 - Inch Dovetail-High (Small, Black)AIM SPORTS, see my review), then 5 stars for the scope.
Put this scope on my Ruger 10/22 and didn't take long to &#34;zero&#34; at 30 yards. One NEGATIVE is the rings on this scope will need to be replaced with a quality set. The rings that came with this scope would not stay put on my 10/22. Replace the rings and you will be fine.
I bought this for my Marlin 336w 30/30. Its a nice scope sans one caveat. I cant get the horizontal crosshair level. When you plumb the vertical the left side of the horizontal hair is crooked. Other than this issue the scope is awesome and it wont hurt anything, it just bugs me because im anal about that sort thing lol! Its pretty clear.. You have a little fuzz around the edges about 7x-9x. Again not a big deal. I wanted a budget scope so its cool. Im gonna hunt with it this season and I may step up to a Nikon.Honestly its impossible to get a great scope under $200. You have too many tradeoffs in quality below that price point. If you have a cheaper rifle or are under budget constraints this scope is hard to beat for the money. You will like it. I have no reservations that this scope will help put meat in the freezer.  Update 6/22/13.. I finally got the crosshairs plumb and level. I fought it with a plumb bob for a while but I got it. I am satisfied. I think it was more scope mounts than scope. It was a pain in the butt to get right! Im going to order one for my Marlin 1894 .44 mag for deer season in Indiana.
This Tasco scope came pre-mounted on a .308 caliber hunting rifle we recently bought and I have been impressed with the accuracy and quality of this bargain priced scope. The scope came "bore-sighted" so was on-paper at 100 yards and it was easy to get sighted in at 200 yards. The scope has held zero through multiple trips to the range and roughly 80 rounds or so. I really like the 3-9x zoom capability, which is perfect for the ranges this will be used.This is a good value for a reliable scope, recommended!CFH
If you are looking for a simple &#34;Silver&#34; scope with std crosshairs this is a good bet.  it is fairly easy to sight and will get the job done in a pinch if you are on a budget.
My son and I bought this gun to go on our 50 cal muzzle-loaders. It is clear and I could not see distortions in the glass. After 15 or so shots out of each gun the scope held its position and it adjusted easily.
Good quality scope for the money. I wouldn't compare this with a good Nikon or Leupold scope, but then again this scope is for an AK, and you wouldn't use a Nikon or a Leupold for a gun like that. 250 rounds throught rifle after mounting the scope, and no problems with zero at all. Easy to adjust, and it has "resetable" zero (if you want to fiddle with tiny scews, and washers).Over all a good product.
This is a good scope, certainly worth the money.  I do not know how well it will stand up to hard use, but it certainly looks well made, and it should do the job.
I have had the 'matte black' version of this scope for a few years, but never mounted it.  Recently I pulled out my Marlin Model 883 .22 WMR rifle and found that with my bifocal eyeglasses I can see the front sight and target fine, but the rear sight is too much of a blur to use.  I was afraid that this beautiful rifle would be useless to me, but then I remembered this scope.  Common sense told me that since any scope is focusable I should be able to adjust this scope to my eyeglasses/eyesight. Since I need glasses to even see the target before sighting in on it, I adjusted the focus for a clear view when wearing glasses.  WONDERFUL!  I can now shoot as well as when I was in my teens, although I just turned 62!The scope itself is very well made; I think the quality is excellent considering the price.The view is bright and reasonably clear, with no internal debris on the lenses (I say 'reasonably clear' because it is certainly good enough for hunting/target shooting, but not quite as sharp as a higher priced scope or a good binocular).The adjustment caps and focusing ring are rubber sealed.  Mine came with see-through lens caps, one is clear and the other has a yellow tint for cloudy conditions. I have not read reviews or descriptions mentioning the clear caps, so maybe they are no longer included.  Also, mine does not have the cheap looking gold trim of this later model.The 30/30 reticle serves as a distance estimater.  The 'thin' center section of the crosshairs span 30 inches at 100 yards with the scope set at 4X, but of course the scope itself shows a much wider view.  So, setting it to 8X produces  15 inch span of the thin section of the crosshairs at 100 yards, or at 50 yards with it set at 4X the span is 15 inches, etcetera, etcetera.  But first you must know the approximate size of the grizzly, buck, doe, jackrabbit, prairie dog, etc, in inches; then you can figure out how far away it is with this scope so you know how much to hold the crosshairs over the target for bullet drop.  The best thing though is to learn to estimate distances by eye, rather than wasting time and possibly missing a shot trying to do the math in your head.Changing the magnification does not affect focus or parallax as it does on some other inexpensive scopes.I do remember that when I first got the scope and was looking through it that parallax needed to be adjusted slightly for 100 yards so the target would not seem to move in relation to the crosshairs when I moved my head a little from side to side. This required the front lens element to be screwed in or out, which then required refocus. Other reviewers make no mention of this, so it may have been just MY scope.  I made the adjustments with the scope off the rifle, attached to a camera tripod with bungee cord, and got the adjustments as close to perfect as humanly possible I think, by focusing in on some small tree branch tips about 100 yards away.  I like to set parallax and focus for 100 yards, even on my .22 rifles.  That way parallax and focus will be spot on for distances from several yards out to infinity.  Focus is accomplished by turning the rear ring, and magnification is changed by turning a ring marked 3X through 9X just forward of the focusing ring. Be aware that the front bezel and rear focusing ring/lock ring both have thin o-rings that sort of fit down into the threads, so they must be moved by fingernail or a small tool so as not to be damaged by the bezel or focusing ring/lock ring being screwed over them.Concerning the claim that this scope is fogproof:  I don't see how at this price; this would require the scope to be nitrogen filled, and I see no claims of this in the description.  I think you would have to spend more for this feature, BUT I WILL RESERVE FINAL JUDGEMENT ON THIS UNTIL I TAKE THE SCOPE OUT INTO TRULY COLD WEATHER.  Back in my early teens I would hunt for several hours in snow up to my knees and temperatures below freezing (Wisconsin) and my non-nitrogen filled scopes always fogged up at some point.  I finally resorted to removing the scopes and using iron sights. I didn't get any squirrels in those weather conditions, they were smarter than me, they stayed inside!Based on my recent experiences, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this reasonably high quality, low cost scope! By the way, I see this scope is also sold on Amazon as 'Mauser', 'Mosin Nagant' and other brands and includes the clear lens covers I mentioned as well as rings, a mounting rail, and lens cleaner. One of those packages might be a better value if you have a rifle that will accept that package.NOTE!  I have a couple other rifles and I can use their iron sights fine with my eyeglasses. The difference is that they have lower combs that allow me to bring my eye lower to line up the sights so that I use the upper part of my bifocals to see both iron sights and a distant target with no problem.ADDED 12/3/11:  It is below freezing tonight, so I decided to see how 'fogproof' this scope is.  I put it outside for 2 hours, then checked it.  NO FOG.  I then brought it in to the warm house and it IMMEDIATELY FOGGED UP on the outside and inside of the lenses.  But less than 10 minutes later there was NO TRACE OF FOG.  It seems to me that if it does not fog up OUTSIDE in the cold, where I will be using it, it is at least fog resistant, if not fog proof.  But make your own conclusion.
Excellent clarity and light collection. My only peeve is that it is not rubber armored and offered in black or flat dark earth color.Please Tasco put rubber armor on these scopes. Great reticule. Now I just have to get some mounts and dial it in. It's a great spotting scope for now and worth the money just for that.
i looked and looked at this scope and compared different sites and found ol' wally world regular price of 39.99. i then stopped by local gun shop and they had it on sell for 34. do your shopping around. the quality i pretty good, not greatest eye relief though. still that said for value it is a good deal for what i paid, wasnt high expectations but was pleased beyond those expectations
I have these scopes installed on all my .22 long rifles and .17 hmr rifles. They all habe held zero for several years with no adjustments.
This is a very nice scope for the price. It is clear and has held zero, for less than $100. What more would you want.
got this for my savage fvsr .22lr ,first yess the poi changes with the zoom , but you can figure that out and hold over ...on mills to compensate for poi moving...example-if u got zeroed at 9x and take it down to 6x same shott would be low,vise versa if you zeroed  on 6x ...so with the scope holding off on mils  still able to get decent 1.5 in groups at 150yrds with 22.lr and 3$ammo !! go to rimfirecentral.com to see many of the targets ,yes the 9x is lil low on shooting  100yrd+ on paper but doable ...if they had a 500mm with 16x woulda been sweet
I have several other Tasco scopes. I am pleased with all of them. Lower price than many but for me they work just fine. This is mounted on a Mini 14. No problems so far. I will update this if anything comes up.
I got this rangefinder to use in an excutive par 3 golf course. I have the Swami golf rangefinder but this golf course is not in the Swami database.Seems simple to use, line up the base of the flag with the bottom of the grid and read off the distance at the top of the flag. Well, easier said than done. One has to have a steady hold on this gizmo to get a fairly accurate reading, but for the price it's reasonable. I give this 4 stars,
Ok, reading the other reviews makes me think of my grandmother, rest her soul, trying to program a VCR, only backwards.  Clearly, the 1 and 2 star ratings have 'old-knowledge' blinders, and don't understand how MOA (minutes of angle) work. Meanwhile, the 4 and 5 stars look at this scope as I do, a good way to measure distance.Oh, and for those saying "it only works for 50-to-200 yards/meters", well, that's not true...just 'double' or 'half' your image relative to the distance marks...or inversely, 'double-or-half' your distance.The technology involved on how this works is about 2000-years old. The marks in the lens is keyed to the idea that the golf pennant is 6-ft above the cup. So, if your pennant is 6-ft out of the cup, then you just base the bottom line on the bottom of the pole, at the cup, and the top line gives your distance reading.  Again, if you assume a deer is 3-ft tall at the shoulders, and an elk is 6-ft, then you can still use the monocular for hunting, too...even bow hunting! Just take that deer, put the bottom mark at the hooves, then at the shoulder blade you just take the reading...and then half it...since the deer is only HALF of 6-ft tall at the shoulders.  So, if that reading was 100yds, then he is really only 50-yds away. Simple.Nope, its not a laser unit...then again, I don't have to lose the trophy of a lifetime because my primo batteries just ran out, or my clumsy dropping of a 600-dollar unit into a stream in the high-country caused my super-special digital unit to stop working.It works, it works well, and its made well.  Learn how to take a distance-reading using size and angles, and you'll see how easy it actually is.  Knowing that it is calibrated to a 6-ft pennant is all you need to know...the rest is just a matter of scaling.
It will get you close to yardage hunting if you sort of know the height of your target.The scale in the scope is based on a 6 foot pin height, so anything less (like a three foot deer) requires somequick conversions to get yardage.
THIS IS A VERY POWERFUL SCOPE.  IT IS GREAT FOR SEARCHING FOR GAME AT A LONG DISTANCE. YOU MUST HOWEVER GET YOUR EYE VERY CLOSE TO THE EYEPIECE.IF NOT YOU WILL HAVE A VERY SMALL PICTURE.  I HAVE TO REMOVE MY GLASSES.  I LIKE THE SCOPE AND USE IT OFTEN.  JOHN
I have used this scope for 3 years now. You get what you pay for and this is an excellent scope for the money, but the eye relief is not very good, but if that is not a problem for you, this will work. you can easily make out 22 caliber holes at 100 yards. You have to put your eye right up to the lense to see.
good quality hat for a very good price! This is certainly not of the quality of the form fitted hats for MLB but make no mistake for the amount of money it is very good!! I like the adjustable fit in the back as well!!! Will recommend this hat and the seller was great! Fast delivery. Thanks
This purple Xertube offers extra-heavy resistance co--with approximately 20 pounds--and comes with a door attachment and exercise chart.However you can increase the by stepping closer to the handles. if you are going to do pull ups this is not going to add a lot of weight but just do the job of keeping you toned. this is a perfect band for someone who wants reasonable muscle tone and travels regularly.This band is perfect for those of you who do some recreational resistance or weight training and also travel regularly.  Make sure that all instructions for use are followed. as the bands are quite heavy and can snap back and hurt you causing serious injury.
I bought this specifically for the Jillian Michaels 90 day workout. I am about a month in, and it has been okay. It was the perfect size for weeks 1 and 2, and a little bit off for weeks 3 and 4. However, the quality of the band is excellent. It is very sturdy and the handles are comfortable in your hand. They have a lot of different levels of resistance, so you could probably make a good set with these varieties. I would suggest this band, but maybe not for the Jillian Michaels Body Revolution (unless you buy a few).
Everything arrived as advertised. I unpackaged and started using this product immediately.USE: while using the product takes a little time to figure out, it is generally easy. follow the workout charts they give you. the door attachment is a cool addition and is also generally easy to use, also widens the range of workouts available from the product. this level of resistance is perfect for me being a larger male, on some exercises it is a little weak so make sure you can estimate your strength before ordering. the door attachment can be tricky to install. make sure the door is CLOSED when you install it, otherwise could result in a flying object to the face.PRODUCT: in reading the reviews, some people have had the product break on them within the first several uses. I havent noticed any indication of weakness, seems to be well constructed but i will be looking out for this. MAKE SURE YOU INSTALL THE DOOR ATTACHMENT PROPERLY, if you do, you should have no problem with it flying at you face.OVERALL: satisfied. when you dont have time to go to the gym to do 45 minutes of strength training, this is a great way to sneak in a few sets at home, while you travel, even at the office. its extremely portable, easy to setup, use and its cheap - the ultimate combination!
If you are considering the "SPRI ES503R Xertube Resistence Band (Purple, Very Heavy)" as a substitute for your gym membership and for the gym's free weights, you may want to look elsewhere.  The Xertube Resistance Band is a very good way, for those of us pushing the "new 40," to maintain muscle strength; the Xertube will not transform you from a 98 lb. weakling into Adonis with a six-pack.It is also an excellent tool for travel since it is compact and light-weight.  My spouse has had no issues with the TSA questioning its being packed in his carry-on luggage. He has traveled with this type resistance band for a number of years after a physical therapist prescribed one for rotator cuff rehabilitation.The purple tube is 36 inches in length and seems to offer somewhere in the 25 - 30 lb. level of resistence.  I am basing this on its similarity to my ability to use that weight range on a Bowflex.  I am a petite woman, so individuals who are more robust and have greater upper body-strength may not be satisfied with this product.I would like to see a shorter version of this product or have some way to easily shorten its length other than putting a "knot' in it after  pulling it through the handles to achieve the desired length.  If you purchase the "SPRI ES503R Xertube Resistence Band (Purple, Very Heavy)" and do not expect it to substitute for your gym membership and the equipment available there, you should be satisfied with your purchase.
I bought the blue/heavy resistance band to use in two of my tube workouts. The band I had no longer provided enough resistance and it was time to upgrade.Two things to point out. The handles are not padded. Not a big deal.Secondly, this tube is about 6 inches shorter than what I was previously using. The measurements are in the description. I thought the bands were a standard length so I didn't pay attention to the length. In order to use this band in my workouts, I need to reposition my body/grip/whatever during some of the exercises due to the shorter length.The band is still a nice upgrade from what previously used. Just look at measurements if the band is going to be used as a replacement band.
I needed something to add to my workout routine. The resistance bands are pretty versatile and seem to be of good quality.
Bands are pretty strong and seem nice. Good band for the price. I just wish the handles were thicker and had a bit of padding on them.
This is a good product. The resistance is good, and it works if you put it on the top of a door. The only problem I have with it is that if you try to close it in on the side of the door, the door wont close and you can't use it. So if you wanted to use this for horizontal abduction and adduction arm exercises, you probably wont be able to unless you have someone to hold it for you.
The band is long enough to be versatile and after &#62;1 year it is still holding up (occasional use). I could use a band with more resistance though, it isn't &#34;very heavy&#34; to me but my girlfriend struggles with it.
I opted to order several variations of the SPRI Xertube bands as a cheaper alternative to paying hundreds of dollars for a weight set.  (This was for the P90X exercise program.)  I've completed the P90X program three times... unfortunately, I've had to order several of the bands multiple times... once each time I've done the 90 day program.So... be warned... if you're going to be REALLY working out with these bands for an extended period, you'll probably wear them out in a few months.  At first you'll notice little white areas where the rubber has begun to fail.  Once a hole develops, use care, because it doesn't take long from that point for the band to be in a position to snap during exercise.  I didn't heed my own better sense of judgement the first time I went through the program, and had a blue band snap on me mid rep.  This was my own fault as I KNEW I should have discontinued use.Why the four stars if I've had to replace them?  Because the bands work!  ... and they're a great value.  Free weights typically cost about a buck a pound.  So if you're capable of lifting large amounts, a suitable set of weights can set you back a fortune.  I'll continue to use (and order more) of these bands as I wear them out in the future.
This band is a good quality band.  I have only used it for a couple weeks and it has held up nice.  I prefer these plastic handles over the fatter cushioned ones.  The door attachment it comes with is nice but I am not 100 percent at ease while using it because the ball stopper on the strap that's supposed to keep it from snapping back at you should be bigger.  Maybe its ok, but if you use it with a door that does not close solid then it might find its way in your face or back.  Bottom line is just be smart about it.  Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and will purchase another resistance soon.
I bought the blue one recently to try to build up some strength because I've been trying to swim the last couple months to get back in shape and have been thinking about doing the swimming leg in some local triathalons so im trying to build up some strength. I bought it outside of amazon at a local retailer and had a hard time trying to decide between blue or red with from the package descriptions.  I'm not a super strong guy or weight lifter but Im in ok shape and went with the blue and I think that was a good fit for now.  It's a little light for me for some excercises so now I actually would have even thought about going purple, but you can usually make it harder or easier by widening or narrowing your stance, crouching a little, doing an excercise on your knees, etc. The door attachment anchors pretty well, I havent used it much because im worried about it damaging doors in which case id be in big trouble with the wife but ive inspected them after ive used it and haven't found any rub or gouge marks. I haven't had the tube long so cant speak for durability.I found this on the premium foam handle item description, im assuming the bands are the same just the handles are different:"Very Light Xertube (yellow) = approximately 3 pounds resistance * Light Xertube (green) = approximately 6 pounds resistance, 50% more resistance than Very Light (Yellow) * Medium Xertube (red) = approximately 10 pounds resistance, 40% more resistance than Light (Green) * Heavy Xertube (blue) = approximately 15 pounds resistance, 42% more resistance than Medium (Red) * Ultra Heavy Xertube (purple) = approximately 20 pounds resistance, 20% more resistance than Heavy (Blue)"seems pretty accurate for the curls, I did a curl with a 20lb dumbbell side by side against my blue xertube and it felt the same or little less, but like I said it all depends on your stance and how much play you have in the ropes
A good source of resistance to be used in your work outs. Match the resistance to your requirements. Excellent item which is very portable and can travel with you which weights often would present a challenge to do so.
Overall, this is a good product and the price was tough to beat (less than half the price of my local sporting goods store). The resistance is hardly what I would call "heavy", but this just forced me to be a bit more creative with my exercises. The latex smell takes some getting used to, but that is the case with most bands.
I bought a couple of these to keep my shoulders in shape for baseball.  They're pretty tough and last a while.  I've had mine for over 2 years now and I use them at least 3 times a week.  I also keep one in my baseball bag to warm up before throwing, so with the dust and abuse, it is still holding up fine.  The door attachment can harm your wooden door if you place it wrong, however, I don't even use it; most of the time I just hook the handles together through a stable beam or something.Good for the money.
Excellent product. Very heavy as described. Good grip too. I use these for exercising when I'm mobile on my work. Make good hotel-home workouts.Only complaint I have is it has this very heavy rubber smell (and if you touch any part of it you will smell like rubber for a couple of hours)
A very good product,is Inexpensive and I would buy again.A little cheaply made on the handles but it's all good.
It's not really to difficult to review an item like this resistance band. Basically what needs to be said is that it does what it advertises. It offers very heavy resistance. Its a strong band, with good hands, and good length. The only negative is that when you recieve it, once it comes out of the box it is covered in this strange white powder. I presume that it is meant to keep the rubber from sticking to itself however it rubs off on your clothes and is a bit of a pain to get off, as it comes off slowly over 3 to 5 uses, meaning multiple laundry trips for no other purpose. Regardless, its a good band that offers a good amount of resistance for a good price.
This product works well. There are so many move you can do with this product. It is also pretty durable
I returned this item only because I was able to purchase locally and get instant gratification. HOWEVER, the item I bought is the MaxxDry XL which is virtually identical to the DryGuy except it comes with two extension towers for tall boots. I'm very pleased with the FAN equipped boot dryer replacing the Peet 'Original' convection model.
I've only had this for a couple fo weeks, but it works fine and is very useful.  So far I have used it to dry out my hydration pack bladder -- works perfectly for that.  I am going to use it for work gloves this spring as well.  It is smaller than it appears in the photo -- it does not take up all that much room.
Purchased this boot/glove warmer/dryer in 2011. Third season of use, and still going strong.Hot or room temp air blown through your glove/boot with the volume of a small fan (only slightly louder than the fan from a desktop computer).Works great. Outlasted the Thermanator radiant heat boot dryer I purchased at the same time.Considering purchasing an additional unit.
I got a set of rack poles from a friend who had bought a new SUV and needed longer poles. He had busted up the old end caps sliding up his kayaks on and off the car.So I bought these new end caps and now my rack looks brand new.
I bought these for boots that are large on me. These thick socks do the job of filling out the footbed and keeping my toes warm.
I thought this product would be softer under foot, but it feels a bit rough. The color is good as it is impossible to find thicker blue socks. All in all this product is okay for me - might be better for you.
I agree with some of the other reviewers: the strap adjustment is not foolproof.  Once it becomes undone,not easy to figure out how to rethread, unless you are a mountaineer or former scout.  How about posting illustrated instructions on the Internet?The tension and the webbed texture hold the belt to the buckle, but when the belt is undone and is not on you, it's too easy for the belt to become undone from the belt.  Should have added velcro or something.Otherwise, great size (radio, wallet, blackberry and keys all fit in there), and nice idea to have mini pocket, MADE IN USA which is increasingly rare and nice  Does not bounce around.  The profile is so low that it looks OK when my tee shirt covers the belt.
Keeps my house key and iphone in place and tight against the body while running, without being uncomfortable. Bon apetite!
It is okay, just not right for my needs when I am walking the dogs. It is not big enough for smart phone, keys and some treats and a couple of poop bags.
Simple fanny pack for running and biking. Soft neoprene waist strap is adjustable and seems snug along the waist and back. Contents seem fairly stable and don't seem to flop around. Pretty good design. Fits iPhone, key, money. Can safety pin your race bib to the bottom of the pouch. Build quality decent for the price.
I am using my phone to run Couch to K and needed a place to put it.  This belt is just the right size and fits well.  Holds my phone just fine with a bit of spare room for the house key. The belt was a little long for me at a 36 inch waist but it is easy to cut and melt the ends how ever long you need it.
I bought this for running daily, along with running 5ks. I put my phone, house key, and my inhaler in it. I have a moderately sized android phone with a rubber case.The waist pack does it's just. However, make sure you tighten it so it is pretty snug, otherwise it will bounce and ride up.One problem I've noticed when using this pack in hot, humid weather is that my phone sometimes overheats. So long as you're not running in 90 degree weather, or maybe if your phone is a bit better than mine, it shouldn't end up being an issue.To deal with the extra straps, I wrapped hair ties around each side to keep the straps flat on band.
I try to stay prepared.  When I'm going camping, I try to have a lighter along.  Since I don't smoke, I often forget to see if my lighter has fluid in it.  Several times I've arrived at my site, and found my lighter wouldn't light.  I've had fair luck with other flint and steel fire starters, but this is the best of the ones I've tried.  A major advantage in my opinion, is that it can be operated with one hand, which could be useful if you were injured.  Another advantage is that you don't need to use a knife, which always carries some risk of personal injury.  This device also puts out more spark than I get with the other magnesium sparkers I've tried.It does seem a little bit like a gadget, and is more likely to break than a bar of magnesium with a flint on one side.  One the other hand, even if it broke (and mine still works great after lighting a dozen or so fires), you would at worst have an overpriced "normal" sparker.  If you're worried about price, I think a $3 magnesium and flint bar is a better value.  I keep a blast match in my emergency backpack (bug out bag), and in my Camelback hydration day pack.  In my glove box, my camping jacket, and a few other places, I have a cheap flint (and sometimes even a working lighter).  My friends that have seen me use the Blast Match are generally impressed, but none of them liked it enough to buy one.  I liked mine enough that I bought a second one, but I figured a fire might be worth $40 to me some time.*edit*I addition to putting out enough sparks to light dry cotton or pulverized wood; this actually gives off enough spark to light small chunks of a Duraflame log.  I carry about an ounce cut off a waxy instant fire log, to use as tinder.  A chunk of waxy wood the size of 4 stacked pennies, will burn for long enough, that you should be able to build a real fire around (above) it.  The blast match seems to light just about anything you could light with a match (assuming you can stab at the thing and not worry about knocking it over.)  You pretty much need to light some tinder, then build your fire over it.  You can't can't build a pile of wood, and stick the flame in the way you could with a match.
I have tried every alternate fire starter, and I find this one to be the best at getting the job done. Easy one hand operation, big sparks where you want em & not having to use a knife to scrape against. Seeing that you have to push down to operate this fire starter, its wise to find a small flat stone (or keep one with you), so you have something to push down on; and build your tinder around the stone. Another thing I found usefull is before use is pushing the scraper in lightly, just enough to make contact with the steel & scratch off the coating to save yourself time. Instead of a few strokes, you get sparks easily on first or second stroke. I would have given this fire starter 5 stars if the cap that holds it together in the closed position had some way of adding a way of being able to wear around the neck. It has a slot at the top, but not wide enough to put anything through that won't interfere with whilE this fire starter is in the open position.
I tried this product and it does what it suppose to. Just make sure you got hard surface and the right kind of tinder. It comes with only one. But not bad for the price. Another toy you might need to use some day, or not.
They started my campfire just fine.  Although it was damp and rainy the matches lit with no problems.  Worth purchasing.
After buying the Camp Chef SG90 Deluxe steel fry griddle, it took me much longer than I thought to find the associated carrying bag. The item description didn't say what size griddle it fit and there was another review that said the bag didn't fit right. I have a the Camp Chef SG90 2-burner steel griddle and this bag fits it perfectly with enough extra space that it'll fit thicker griddles too. After paying almost $90 for the griddle I can't see storing or transporting it without protecting it, and this bag does exactly that.
This bag seems very sturdy. It is made of heavy material. It is oversized for the Camp Chef CGG16 Cast Iron Griddle, which is what I bought to store in it. I like having a storage bag for the griddle because it keeps it separate from the rest of my camping gear.
It feels like heavy duty material.The griddle fits in it nicely.Using it to carry the griddle to camp
Very nice bag to hold the camp chef grill. It is a bit bigger than the grill itself, which is unnecessary and awkward, but hey, better than being a bit small. Got to have it if you have the two burner grill! You could include the grill cleaner and spatulas in the bag as well.
Fits cast iron single burner griddle, good quality, nice logo, strong zipper, strong carry handle, good protection for your griddle.
This case is definitely needed for the griddle top! The griddle is quite heavy and unweildly to carry. This case makes transporting the griddle top a breeze! It also does a great job of protecting the griddle surface during storage and transport.  The zipper is of very good quality.  This is a serious value for the cost!
Overall I like this trailer jack.  I love that it has a grease fitting.  I just hope it lasts.  My last one seized up, but it did not have the grease fitting.  I just wish the hardware were a little easier to use and came with washers.  The brackets are a pain to put on but well worth it.  I would buy again.
A little big for the stove I bought but its well made and easy to carry the stove in.
WELL MADE AND HANDY TO CARRY STOVE. CAMP CHEF STOVE ITSELF IS TO LARGE TO FIT IN ANY BOXES I USE WHEN CAMPING SO FOR ME THIS BAG IS WHAT I NEED. FRONT  POCKET SHOULD BE  ZIPPERED. RECOMMENDED.
I bought this to help break-in and maintain my Wilson A2K mitt.  Darkened the leather a bit,  but overall is a must to keeping your mitt looking and feeling good.
I only occasionally hand upside down which is why these are acceptable to me. I honestly would go for one of the nicer tables or the teeter boots if I were a more frequent inverter. These are solid and fine. I picked up for $60 or so on amazon warehouse. At that price, these are virtually the cheapest reasonable option to invert, and they really do get the job done.
I have had minor low-back problems for years, and occasionally thought about trying inversion therapy, but for some reason I just never could pull the trigger. Weird. Recently, though, I got yet another low-back sprain (for no reason at all!) and sciatic pain at the same time, and thought I should probably try something besides "benign neglect." I ordered the GIB2 boots and they arrived today. I'm sold already.Getting the boots to the bar was easy; my major concern was being able to get my hands back up to the bar to dismount (particularly after a very silly jerry-rigged inversion scheme that nearly backfired, no pun intended). I sort of "climbed up" my own legs and it wasn't a problem. As other commenters have mentioned, the boots tend to be uncomfortable around the ankles, but since my hanging intervals will probably be relatively short, I can deal with it.I have a neck traction device that I like to use, so I'm no stranger to the "lightening" feeling of spinal decompression. On my first full "hang," the decompression effect was immediately noticeable. About 30 minutes later I was feeling some minor new aches across my back, but I'm neither surprised nor worried. New movements often result in new minor aches and pains. (If they get worse, I'll start worrying.)The boots themselves are built like a tank. I particularly like the little "safety lever" on the latch that prevents them from opening at the wrong time. We'll see how they work in the long term, but for now I'm very satisfied.
I am a creature of the night. I hang from my ankles...and do crunches.and decompress my spine after some abusive runs with all sorts of gear and weight on.and just like letting the blood flow to my headNot sure if the more expensive models allow for longer hang times, but these can start to pull on your ankles. I'm about two bills and some change when I'm lifting so it's a bit of weight to put on one's ankles. I can get about 5-10 min of hang time. I have noticed better hangs when I have the hooks *behind* my calves, but they can be worn both ways. There is some additional packing foam included...keep it. I use it at times to supplement the padding on my ankle. I go barefoot as opposed to boots. I have big stocky calves from punishing runs and years of military hikes with more weight on my back than you want to think about. People with skinnier legs will want to wear boots with these.  Recommend you have some ropes (I use old Jujitsu belts from my lower ranks) rigged up on both sides of a bar to help you pull back up if you spend too long inverted or your arms are shot from other workouts.  Nothing worse than passing out upside-down when no one else is home and you're too shot to get off the bar.