This came in on time and I am veru happy with it, I haved used it already and it makes taking out the pins in my glock 32 very easy
I had a factory Glock tool that I was using for my Glock 26, 27, and 17.  I've since lost it and had needed another.  Since I've used Ghost products prior, and know that they are reliable, I had decided to order this one.  Sure enough, this is just as good as a factory tool.
Needed this tool to really break down my G22, and it works perfectly for that. No difference from OEM I suspect.However, had an added bonus when realizing that I needed a punch to properly disassemble the bolt carrier in my AR for a thorough cleaning, and this tool worked perfectly to push the carrier's retaining pin out and then back into place after the job was completed. Excellent! It is now in my range bag for safe keeping.
If u don't have it .. Get it. All you need to completely take down your glock. Any model any gen.
Light and laser torch work well, very bright. Just installed on trike, had it a week, but seems to be well built. Only time will tell.
Does everything it says it will do. I would like it so that the &#34;lane&#34; markings were a bit brighter on the ground. This does add a bit of safety to riding in the dark, as long as the motorists pay attention.
Mine arrived with only one of the lane-generating LEDs working. I don't care. For $11, I can order another one.
I love this light! I have two of these! It is very bright. I like the different blinking modes that the light offers. I recommend this to everyone who rides at night.
Bit bulky. One button is sticky. Works for now. Stars based on price point as well. I'll update if any significant changes occur. Very bright at this time!
it is bright and it has multiple settings for design and speeds. Assembling it to the bike is fast and simple.
My girlfriend is disabled and cant do high impact workouts. This band is great because she can go at her own pace, in any position and any retention she needs. A lifesaver for low impact needs.
I worked out once back in '08. I picked up some 40 lb weights and was like - &#34;too easy&#34;. So then I grabbed some resistance bands and almost broke them. Now I've been recommended Black Mountain products because they are very durable. I've had a set of the 25 lb red resistance bands for 3 months now and they look as good as when I first got them after an hour of use every day except Sunday.
I bought the purple one to add to my Strong Man Set of 6 to make it a Super Strong Man Set of 7. This is one tough band. Great for high intensity bicep curls and door anchor exercises, such as back rows and standing chest press. But too difficult for tricep kick backs. It came with a door anchor and an instruction pamphlet. There's no BMP logo on either handle just like their orange band. Overall I'm glad Black Mountain is going the direction of making their systems better and stronger. Keep up the good work.
Well I have had this band for about a month and its as good as when I got it so yeah I will be ordering another if this one snaps.
Works just as advertised. Great, soft, but rugged spongy handles. Great tension. Seems well built. The locking device for the door works perfectly.
This band works well, and has lasted a long time despite heavy use 3x a week. The company was a joy to work with during communication over questions I had. Have already ordered another band in a lighter pull weight for my wife.
These bands were as claimed all sizex and good for me a 5'7 inch 145 pder who loves to use them daily  They pkg was complete leg band good soft handles and door anchor  Great buy
If you are creative, you can do almost any exercise with these bands, and they all fit into a small tote bag.  Build quality is good -they are durable.
Love the wide variety of resistances you can combine. Because I don't have room for a weight set with bench, these bands and an exercise ball are perfect for my workout.
You can vary your workout and custom it to the part of the body you want to work. It is high quality equipment that can be used for a toning workout or a tough muscle building set.
the bands are great the services is great, when can you make a call  and get the owner on the phone what more could you ask for, great bands  great price great services that saids it all
I absolutely love these resistance bands! You have every amount of resistance you could need, and bands can be easily added together to get your perfect resistance. The handles are comfortable, and the door anchor does stay in the door. I was a little scared to try the door anchor because I was afraid it was going to come flying out and hit me in the face, but I tested it using a long broom lol. I do love using resistance bands instead of weights because you get lean muscle instead of bulky muscle like from free weights. This is a great set, and I highly recommend them.
My wife and I use these and they work great! No problems so far. I would definitely buy another set.
This was a great surprise for the money.  I looked at resistance band workouts on YouTube and decided to try it out. At this price why not?  I really feel like I had a good workout after my first try.  The door anchor worked great.  I'm 71 and keeping big equipment around the house is just not possible.  This I just keep in my night stand and any time I've got some extra minutes I do a little workout.  Pleasantly surprised and pleased.  I highly recommend.
took this on vacation, worked great. got through the airport ok. now i use this at home. the bands are strong. you can exercise most of the major muscle groups, might be a few gaps but not many. holds itself in the door just fine for the exercises that need it. I personally like to have it pull towards having the door shut, i don't trust it pulling towards the door open unless there is a dead bolt.
I bought these along with a recumbent bike and wanted to wrap them around the front to work my arms while I pedal away on the bike at the same time.  Work perfectly and I could not be more satisfied with the quality of these bands.~ Ben Donley
It was a gift for a friend who had shoulder problems. When I saw her a week later, she raved about it. So even though i never looked at it, I would have to give it two thumbs up, just on her say so.
They work really well you can use them in any way they even work out with pull-up bars and can attach it bench and use for reverse push-ups
Personally, I don't think Resistance Bands get enough good press.  If your wanting to tone, trim, and sculpt your physic, rehab injuries...this band set will do it!  Pay a annual membership to a gym or spend $30 one time.  Your choice!  Worth every penny!
Upon opening, it looks like a Boston Strangler's equipment kit. Seriously...they are perfect for all around resistance rehab or training. Workable for retired folks, too.
Compared to other brands, where each band is its own resistance, here you can combine multiple bands to increase your resistance as you need it. That was a huge plus for me. The little accessories like the detachable ankle strap and door anchor are great add ons, and on top of that there is a nice little bag to keep them all organized.I have just had them for a short period of time, but look forward to using them alot.
This is a great set of resistance bands. It comes with a variety of bands equaling different amounts of pound resistance. It also comes with the ankle straps if you want to use the bands to do leg exercises as well 2 handles to clip the band(s) onto for arm exercises. There is a bag if you care to store them in the bag and a small paper booklet giving you some examples of different exercises you can do.  These are a good alternative to free weights or weight machines. You can do so many different exercises with them and work a variety of muscles.  Keep in mind, if one band doesn't satisfy your weight resistance desire, you can double or triple them up, just hook them onto the handle or ankle strap and work with the combined resistance. I have been using these for a little over a month and stretching them pretty good during my use, and I see no signs of wear or tear.  Anyone looking to add a little variety to their workout or for an alternative to weights or machines, I would definitely give these a try.
Love these resistance bands as they have hooks to change handles and increase weights, easy to use over the traditional ones with out the hook fasteners.  Recommend.
I've only had these for a little while and I did end up buying extra handles (different company though because the handles I got received better reviews and they definitely are better)...I ordered enough handles for all the bands but the strongest since I'm not at that point yet.  I had my husband hang a hook on the back of my door to store the bands and install two different heavy duty hooks on the wall (one at waist level and one at over the door level).  I use these bands on these hooks to work different muscles.  I also ordered the FitDeck (I think that's what their called) for resistance bands and it gives me ideas on how to use these bands best.  I looked on youtube too for some ideas.  These bands are actually fun to use.  I have to figure out a certain routine for myself still but I do like them and they seem pretty sturdy.  I store them up on the back of the door so the cats (I have two) don't get at them.  They love things that hang and they attack (ugh).  I would recommend these as long as they don't break easy...if they do, I'll update.
Just workin on my fitness!  These bands and the various anchors work great.  I like being able to double and triple the bands depending on how much resistance I want.
This set of exercise bands etc. is a great buy. I use them often and they are handy and versatile enough to make adjustments.
I am really big fan of Lifeline products and was about to buy similar product by them. But, I decided to get these as this was 10 times cheaper. I am so glad I did; I am sure lifeline are great. But, these are also awesome! really nice. I will be buying another set for a friend. Sorry Lifeline, but, these killed you and a lot cheaper.
I used to bodybuild and from lifting heavy weight my joints started to hurt. So I bought these resistance bands and they work great. They are not heavy but after so my repitions you can feel the burn. I work out home, work, and on the go. I a gym in the bag.
I bought these bands for some rehab at home after having surgery on a severe tendon tear in my shoulder.  The easier bands are all I have been able to use thus far, however, I'm looking forward to using the heavier blue and black ones once my strength comes back.  I also happen to be a Certified Personal Fitness Trainer and would definitely use this equipment if I was working with a beginner or intermediate (male or female) at their home or office.  VERY VERSATILE equipment that allows for an incredible range of motion/movements.  The clips are easy to attach/detach and the door anchor allows a full range of positioning.  There are probably 50 different exercises (maybe more) you can do with these bands.One word of caution - even the toughest band wouldn't be enough for an extremely strong person, so if you bench 400 and do 150 lbs on tricep pull-downs, you may have outgrown some of this equipment or will be bored with it.  However, even for the biggest person, there are some neat balance exercises and small muscle groups you could work on.I really like this set so far.  Quality seems excellent, however if I have any problems with it, I will update my review.
If you like to lift, enjoy having some definition, but hate the gym and lack the space for larger weight sets... Buy this!
I have been working out with weights for nearly 30 years.  But there were a number of exercises I could not do well due to shoulder, tennis elbow irritations, and kinks in the knee.  I couldn't do shoulder presses, any type of dumbbell presses or flies, tricep pullovers, preacher curls, bench press, rear deltoid flies, barbell squats, etc. Upon switching to the resistance bands I have been able to do all of these exercises and more with no problems whatsoever.  And I have been doing very heavy resistance with the bands.  After having a bad shoulder for over 20 years, I never dreamed this kind of intense workouts would be possible again. the resistance bands have strengthened my shoulder.  I am stronger now than I have been in a long, long time.the bands are strong and sturdy.  I have no problems lifting them overhead, clipping on 3 and 4 bands at a time.  I did buy some loop bands from discount-bands.com, which seems to be a part of Amazon.  they are unbreakable.  I do squats, shrugs, and heavy stuff with the loop bands.  the squats are great with the loop bands, with less stress on the back than a barbell.  Not much need for iron weights and the gym any more.  But I have not lost any muscle strength. with some thought, there is no muscle that resistance bands cannot work in a very effective way.
Plenty of different band widths, and since you can combine multiple bands on handles, you have a large variety of resistances.Comes with two nice handles, a strong velcro wraparound, and a carry bag.
These bands are great, I started using them after dislocating a shoulder again and I really like them.  At 5'6" I have no height issues with the band length and find them as versatile as my imagination for exercises.  As a gymnastics coach, I have a pretty good imagination when it comes to exercises.  the door anchor and ankle strap are both good quality.The bands, although not a substitute for gymnastics rings, high bar and the like are really really great for a whole bunch of exercises.  Using one of the band combinations with the door anchor I got a couple of really good ab exercise and some good pullovers (for muscle ups).  Sure today I was able to do some levers so but these exercises are really helping me stay strong through injury and I can see them going way beyond.  Far better and more versatile than weights, these band are fun and create exercises that require small muscle stabilization far better then weight machines.For the price you could do far worse.  If you're one of those folks in a DVD program, start to improvise, do what feels good.  Yes I have push up bars, I use them for handstand practice, really good stuff.  Get them and enjoy.  If you're a serious pump monkey, keep these around for vacations or while watching tv.I have since purchased some of the new heavier pull bands, this product is now an exercise stable for a gymnastics coach.  The nature of them makes them better than free weights and the versatility of exercises is amazing.  I have a pull up bar identical to the one Black Mountain sells, you can do some really cool stuff, limited only by strength and imagination.As an aside, the Black Mountain guys are really nice and answer all questions.  All bands and handles are reasonably priced.
My husband drives and only really walks as exercise. His cab is cramped and doesn't have room for weight or other things. So on a whim I bought this one day for him. Although he hasn't been &#34;motivated&#34; lately to exercise he did give these a try and likes them. He now uses them quite often as they are so convenient and he can do it regardless of the weather.
My wife and I both use these, and they are great.If you have a good DVD routine or even check out YouTube you can use these to their full advantage.You're not going to get super bulky using these, but they do work you out.I've found that I can double up on different bands to get more resistance,and my wife can just use one or two at a time to get less resistance.We really like them, and I'm sure you will to.
My arms are burning as I try to type this review. I wasn't looking for a muscle building as much as a muscle defining device and this is the best on a budget with not much room to put much else. Between these and a jump rope you have everything you need to tone up and stay in shape! They seem well constructed but only time will tell how they hold up. I'll revisit this review in a couple months to give a accurate update on exactly they held up.
For the price and what you get i love it, bands like this shouldn't cost you an arm or a leg and should last and not rip when you put strain on them. these live up to my expectations with repeated use. good buy
I used to be a personal trainer and I needed something to fill in on the days I couldn't make it to the gym.  This was great quality esp for the cash
i purchased these to help with a shoulder injury and now that that's healed up they're great for everyday training/ traveling. Just throw them in your bag and you don't have to worry about the hotels gym.
This resistance band set is great. In fact, I like it so much that I'm ordering another set! I love the ability to add weight by attaching another band, instead of having to deal with two handles in my hand (like the bands that have permanently attached handles). The door anchor, and ankle strap work perfectly, and the carrying bag is a nice touch, as well.
I was a little skeptical at first wondering how I could get a real good workout with bands but that skepticism has vanished after just one workout with these. I was always in the mindset of you have to have barbells,  dumbbells and machines for a workout but now my whole gym fits into a bag.
I travel with these and it don't add a lot weight like dumbbells do. I go online and get workout ideas since the pamphlet that came with it is not that great. Overall great product.
These bands are some of the most well constructed I have seen.  They also have clips on the ends which allows them to be used in tandem, so the red, black, green, blue, and yellow can all be used together for extra resistance, which is a major plus for athletes who need more resistance.  The door anchor included is a very simple design, but it works well.  All of the bands also have a lifetime warranty, just call them and they will ship you a new one (you have to pay shipping though).  The handles are well constructed, and the wrap around handle is pretty standard universal gym type stuff.  Will buy from this company again.
This is a nice assortment of workout bands--the first I've purchased or used.  They connect to the handles quite easily and I love the bag that stores everything nicely.  The single most important item in the kit is the paper that tells you what strength the bands are!  It would have been nice if they included a laminated card with this information, but it's really no big deal.  I am at a lower strength band am anticipating working my way up to the stronger ones eventually.  NOTE:  I have not used the ankle strap or the door anchor, just the handles.
I primarily use these attached to the door, I am emulating pull ups, trying to gain strength. I use them all at once, figure if I do 10 or so a day it will help to gain strength in those muscles. I have a different set I use for workouts. Only because of the handles, they are great when you want to use several different bands together to increase the resistance, but for a workout you want to be able to grab something quick, not have to to stop and put the handle on the right band. Great product and it does come with the door attachment.
I have bad knees. They often hurt a LOT and I have a hard time walking for long periods of time. I saw the doctor and to avoid a long and unnecessary story, therapeutic exercise was the best suggestion. I compromised on what exercises I was willing to do (I was given a list of knee exercises 3 pages long) and selected four.I already exercise so I added the four knee exercises to my lower-body days. I use only one band (the red one) to basically move each leg in all four directions, exercising the muscles around my knees. My knees have been MUCH better.Another ankle band would have been nice. I had to buy one from another vendor. Switching the hook from one band to the other is much faster than taking off the cuff and placing it on my other ankle constantly.I like the bands and they are a great price. I recommend them to anyone. I just haven't used them for enough different exercises to know how well they work for other things.
I currently use these bands for my P90x!Pros:You can use multiple bands as they clip onto the grip.Included ankle strapIncluded door strap (for pull ups/etc) **this saved me from having to put a hook into the stud of my wallComes with a nice carry bagCons:They dont tell you that you could also get a FREE ORANGE BAND!!! with FREE SHIPPING! lol...I called them up because there was a little paper inside and he said just leave your feedback, anonymous or not &#34;we dont check it&#34; and call us back, we would be glad to send you an orange band free of shipping. We do this for about 10% of our kits.Why complain? Right?...Keep up the good work!-Mike ReedDallas,TX
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set based on the positive reviews I've read here on the product and the customer service. Fortunately I have not had to use the customer service. But the product is as advertised. I wanted to hold off on writing the review until I got to use the bands for a little while. I have been using it for my P90X workouts along with dumbbells and it has performed flawlessly. The quality of the bands are excellent and when you think about the cost it is a real bargain. Rarely does a product exceed my expectations but this one has. I highly recommend these bands.
I bought this band set just over 2 years ago and I guess I've been too busy using them to write a proper review.  I take these bands with me literally everywhere.  They live in my bag and when I get bored or need a quick stress reliever, I pop them out and enjoy a little workout.  The build quality on these bands is really top notch.  The rubber has not weathered at all in the two years I have owned them and I cannot see any cracking of any kind.  The handles have good foam padding that shows little to no signs of wear from daily use.Warranty - Well I finally was able to break one of the bands, the one I use most often.  I emailed the company and Rich, the customer service representative, had a new band out to me in less than 24 hours.  No questions asked, no issue, no worries.  This as to be the best warranty experience I've had with any company.  I will continue to give my business to Black Mountain and recommend them to my friends.
I bought one set for my wife and my mother in law came over and tried them out so i irdered a set for her. They work great.
Everything a beginner to resistance bands needs, has different strengths of bands handles, door uses. I just strapped the ankle strap around the support pole in my basement and it worked fine. Love them
I looked around and compared item and price and the best deal was here.  This is a small family company and their products hold there own against the more expensive ones.  Unless you are a workout crazyman or don't take care of them, these bands will last years.
What you see in the photo is what you get along with a guide for the resistance of each band or combo of bands.  It took a while to get this item delivered.  Ordered on the 23rd of May and didn't get it until the 3rd of June.  Seemed like a longer that usual time to get it to my home mail box.  Snail mail was indeed snail mail in this instance.I got these bands to facilitate some rehab exercises for my back post surgery.  I think they are a great value for all that you get and they seem to be very well constructed.  I looked around before I got these bands and there are really a lot of choices out there.  I think this set is one of the best values for the money.  They would also work well for travel as an exercise system in a very small bag that comes with the kit.  I really like the adaptor that allows you to hook into a door jamb v. having to us a door knob.  Also the ankle piece is nice to have as well.
easy to use, easy to change out parts.  colors make it easy to determine strength of band and easy to grab which one i want.
This set of resistance bands is complete with everything you need for a light workout.  I bought them to help with my shoulder workout.  This is a really nice system.  You get handles, carabiners, ankle strap, and door anchor, along with 5 different resistant bands.  I purchased the wall-mount, 5 position exercise station to use with these, so I am ready for rehab after my upcoming shoulder surgery.
I have free weights, but I don't want to lug them all over the house to work out.  And for the most part I don't use them where they are stored.  These really help out if I want to move to a different room or even when I'm on the go.
I was looking for resistance bands to help with strength and conditioning for taekwondo.  These really fit my needs quite well since the package comes with a door attachment and ankle strap that allows me to train without a partner.  The tubes clip to the handles/ankle strap/door attachment with spring loaded clips rather than just sliding into some fitted slot, and they seem very secure.  I wasn't too sure I would like the metal clips at first, but they are very secure.  I've not seen the door attachment on other products, but this accessory is pretty slick, at least for my purposes.  Rather than attach to the doorknob or under the door, the attachment consists of a nylon strap with a ball inserted into one end.  The strap is then inserted between the door jamb and the door and is secured in place when you close the door.  What makes this work so well for me is that I can adjust the height of the anchor; low for kicking drills and higher for hand techniques.  The variety of tubing is also more useful than I thought.  I had anticipated needing only one heavy band for my training, but my 8 year old son and wife also like the bands and use lower resistance than I do.  All in all, a very neat little package for the price.
These bands are great.  The only room for improvement would be better carabiners/clips.  The carabiner like things have sticky springs and have sharp edges which could potentially cut through the bands.  It is nice to be able to attach the bands to other things and I have used a bit of rope to tie them off to poles and trees.  Use a bowline around the tree and a linemans loop to secure an additional carabiner to.  This set comes with an exercise guide.  These bands are good when paired with the BMP exercise ball because you can focus on muscle groups.  Isolate the hips for those ab exercises!  Have fun, mix it up!
full workout in a bag! This set is well made and very versatile. I could carry this on a trip to get a great workout. This is my first tension band set , but I am very satisfied.
&#8230;.and said they're a great value. Son loves working out, this gives him a lot of choices. Good set of workout bands.
een using these for a few days and so far I'm very happy with them. Good all metal connectors, removable handles allow for lots of variability on tension. Ankle and door accessories nice. Storage bag is a nice extra. Overall, I dont think I could have bought a better kit for more money!
This was one gift that will give back, great tension and feels strong, A good work out for all.I'm going to get me one next time.
BACKGROUNDCurrently, I am in the process of starting my second round withP90X: Tony Horton's 90-Day Extreme Home Fitness Workout DVD Program. The exercises call for some equipment to be utilized. If you lack that equipment, the program shows those preforming the exercises utilizing alternative methods to complete the routine. I thought it would be nice to mix up the different methods for something different.REVIEW:The purchased showed up with everything included in the photo. There was the carrying case, an instruction manual that was brief but explained what the combination of colors would add up to, an ankle/soft grip strap, and a door anchor.The resistant bands are of a higher quality. I tried out the resistant bands in the store and felt that the material making up the bands including the clips were very cheap. These feel durable and have held up quite well through vigorous usage during this second round of P90X.I know it states one size fits all. Myself, I am 5'8, these bands are perfect. If you are shorter and have slack, you are able to adjust. If you are a taller male, you might have some issues preforming the exercises to their full extend since they will not stretch the distance you need them to.PRO:++ Durable material. Built to last++ Includes everything needed in one set up plus extras to complete exercise routines++ Great for any exercise routine as well as physical therapy if lifting weights is too great but need natural resistanceCON:++ Only one set of handles included. Annoying to continuously switch bands during work out routine++ Need labels on bands so I can remember the weight strengthCONCLUSION:These are a great addition to anyones work out gear collection. They are durable and able to fill a variety of roles from additional exercise routines to aiding with physical therapy. A recommended purchase.
Not exactly ripped, but prettttay toned.  It's been a couple of years since I bought this, but they still work great and use them almost weekly when I travel to hotels with my work.
I love this product!  The ability to mix and match different tensions to create the desired pressure is awesome... I use this a lot at home to increase the weight on me for using pushups and other sorts of exercises at home.  They are very durable and come with a lot of attachments which makes this so useful.
I have arthritis in my hands and these high-quality resistance bands allow me to do a lot of exercises I can't do with free weights.  Highly recommended.
These bands arrived promptly. They were in mint condition. They were a gift and the person who received them was thrilled with them. They loved the selection of levels of difficulty the bands offer as well as the bag since she travels with them. Thank you!
I bought this for my husband who has a free weight set upstairs which he loves, but he said he likes the bands better and the freedom to use them anywhere he wants.  Total score!
These are very useful and are just as pictured in their add. I have used them and they are really user friendly.
My new triathlon coach started integrating &#34;tubing&#34; into my workouts to help build strength for swimming. I purchase these instead of the company's $30 price for only 1 resistance band (aka tube). This has several high quality bands and there is a strap to use in doors and another one that will likely be useful if I want to use it at the gym.I was really impressed with the quality and the bag.
Very pleased with product, build quality just as expected and top notch. Been using daily for weeks, strength and durability seem to be very good, and resistance levels are MORE then adequate for most any exercise. Also QUITE enjoy the versatility of being able to manipulate the different resistance levels by adding/removing the different bands from the primary hand grip ring, very easy and quick to use.... Very helpful in adding that extra element to any fitness routine!
You can combine these bands to get a wide range of tensions and between the wrist strap, handles and door piece they can be used in a variety of ways.
I couldn't be happier.  These were a great price, made in USA, and are high quality.  I'd definitely buy these again and recommend them to a friend.
These bands are made of good latex. The carrying case is nice. I like how you can attach multiple bands to the handles to create a custom resistance level. The door anchor works well also.
This is one of the best resistance band systems I have seen.  Love the clips changes are very easily, you can adjust for different exercises.  The door hook works great, and the selection of bands let you get a great workout.
I love this set of exercise bands.  I purchased them on a recommendation from my personal trainer for use when I stay at hotels without a full gym.  Any hotel room with a door will allow me to do 90% of the exercises I normally do.  All these bands roll up into a nice bag for travel and the whole kit is fairly lightweight.I think the lighter gauge bands are pretty useless for strength training unless you are a petite woman, child, or doing some rehabilitative work.  I'm not exactly sure who uses a 2lb band.  Maybe for stretching?  But the red and black bands are heavier gauge and excellent for male strength training.There are a lot of reviews here on Amazon complaining that the bands eventually wear-out or break.  They are supposed to.  They stretch and, after repeated stretching, yes, they will wear out.  Good.  That means you are using them and your muscles are getting a workout.  Quit whining.  Buy a few more replacement bands.  Wear them out too.The company that makes these bands appears pretty solid.  In the package I received, there was a coupon for a free extra orange band which was even a heavier gauge than the black band.  I'm looking forward to receiving it, and I think the company offering it at no charge was a very nice touch.
I highly recommend theses bands! I love the door anchor that comes with this set also! I previously used a cheap set of resistance bands (Gold's Gym, I think) and these are so much better. Such a good workout with these!!
We bought two of these for our sons.  The kits have all the attachments that are needed to clean a variety of guns--both rifles and pistols.  It is nice that each attachment has its own spot to snap into, and there are additional spots to accommodate additional things like solvent and patches.
This is my first cleaning kit.  So glad I went with this one.  Has everything I need and some.  I previously had a otis kit but don't think i'll be using that anymore.
This is a great little kit that provides everything you need to take care of your handgun except the oil.  You won't be disappointed with this product.
i bought this cleaning kit to keep in my car when i go to the range.comes in very handy for a quick cleaning at the range
My regular gun cleaning kit is the size of a foot locker and too bulky to take on trips in a small car. So I wanted something more transportable. This is a nice kit, it's got everything the average shooter would need with multiple calibers. There's even a couple spots inside for other things. One holds Hoppes #9 quite well but I can't get the bottle of gun oil to fit in it. Still I would recommend this for home or travel.
This has everything you need for every gun. Plus stuff you might never use. Looks like it will be good for all guns and years of use.
These kits are amazing if you have multiple guns and calibers to clean.  It has everything you need in terms of brushes and jags.  I also buy these to refill my larger unit since it is cheaper ordering it this way than individual brushes and rods.
This 62 piece gun cleaning comes with copper brushes and mops of all sizes ti ft any caliber handgun, rifle and shotgun.  It does work great and you can eye which item you need to clean your firearm because the items in the cleaning kit are not marked for what caliber that it is for.  It is not a deal breaker but it would be nice if it was labeled.  Other wise a must have for cleaning.
This product came with everything it advertised. I did have a bit of a problem, but they made good on the sale.
I sincerely hope anyone who thinks about buying these uses common sense when reading the two DUBIOUS posts that gave these 1 star.  In my opinion....they are bogus posts.  I have these....and here are my findings.1.  They are awkward at first, as with any new skill you try when lifting weights.2.  Someone said he couldn't use his "normal" weight when doing incline press.....if you can do 90 lb incline press WITH DUMBBELLS then these hooks will NOT hamper your ability in doing incline presses with the same weight.  That doesn't even make sense.  However....if you never or rarely do certain exercises with dumbbells then yes, you will have to lower the weight...at first.  Anyone who lifts knows if you go from a bar to dumbbells then you will have to take time to get used to each arm lifting independently.3.  Yes....it will take a few times to get used to placing your bench just right under the bar that holds the hooks for you.  I do not bump the bar when using these.  And just like lifting on your own, without a spotter, with a barbell.....it's no different with dumbbells.  You need to be able to muscle them back up to hook the bar.4.  They are NOT made to be dropped!!!  They are made to hook on the bar when your set is done.  I read a review on here that complained that they get banged up or something when you drop the dumbbells.  Duh!  You wouldn't throw your barbell on the floor when you got done bench pressing, would you?  No....then why would you think you would throw these on the floor?  It doesn't make sense.  These hooks are designed to be placed BACK on the bar after your set...NOT thrown on the floor.5.  They are comfortable...to me.  Unless you don't find padded material comfortable, you will find them comfortable too.  Someone actually said that if you have big hands then you can't use these.  What?????  They fit ON THE HANDLE!  If your hands don't fit around a dumbbell handle then it's not the hooks fault.  They take up ZERO space on the handle, other than adding just a few centimeters in thickness around the handle.6.  In my opinion....they also help prevent shoulder injuries from trying to muscle up the dumbbells to their position.  There are a few videos on youtube demonstrating these hooks.  There is also one that shows how to use chains hanging from a power cage or from rafters in your basement hooked on to these as a spotting system in case you can't muscle them back up to rehang them back on the bar.  I have the chains hanging from the top of my power cage and attached to the hooks so I can go to exhaustion on my last set without the worry of dropping the weights on the floor.
This is really an excellent accessory to improved dumbbell training at Home, or you can even bring then to the gym.The power hooks provides the user with a method to perform and accomplish heavier dumbbell training procedures safer and easier, resulting in maximum training benefits from your pair of dumbbells, reducing the risk of injury when handling heavy weights.Each power hook comes with a leather strap that attaches the power hook to the dumbbell bar. This way for example you can position your loaded dumbbells in the overhead barbell, lay in the bench, and grab the dumbbells that are already positioned in a convenient way to perform presses or flies without the risk of injuring yourself when to try to take the heavy dumbbells from the flour to the starting position for a dumbbell bench press or fly.I bought mines about six months ago, and I love them. They allow me to handle heavy weights safely when there no one near to help you with the weights. This is even more convenient if you train alone at home.
these  barbell  hooks  work  great ! just  be  careful  when  returning  to  bar  when  through with  set  if  your  working  out  alone  ! you  could  miss the  bar !
I don't know why I waited so long to get these.  They go on and off easily and work great. Great accessory!
This was a hit at a 4yr old birthday party.  The perfect size for a few kids and adults and super sturdy; we had some future s/he-mans yanking on the handles with all their might.  Play some music and do freeze dance, have the kids try to all run under before it goes down, are they fast enough?  Other fun games - through some ball on top and don't let them bounce off.  There are probably many more ideas out there if you search the world wide web of fun.  Now I am waiting for another turn where we have enough people over to use it.
Played with this today in fact in our living room.  My kids love to make forts out of it with our dining chairs.  I think the fabric quality is good, and was what I expected.  It has a little vent in the middle so that kids can put it all the way to the floor sitting in it and the air won't get stuffy.  The 10 feet doesn't seem like much until you actually get it out, it's a surprising nice size.
Use this at pre school and a 2 year olds bday party.  Is always a hit.  Don't even need balls with it.
What do you do when you have 4 or more kids of the same age in your house. Here take this parachute and go outside. Putting a ball on the top and letting them bounce it out is a fun game. Or bouncing the ball and trying to keep it on the parachute for a more difficult game. This one is not quite big enough to walk under and pull it down while you are inside. Well it would work for small kids, not with an adult in the group.
I bought this toy for my almost 2 and 3 year old boys, as well as for a gift for a girls' 3rd b-day. I admit that it's not as easy or as fun to use unless you have at least 3 people holding the chute. It will be a big hit at any party, playgroup, or get together. All ages are drawn to playing with a parachute and all have a blast. It also fosters group creativity and dynamic play; turn taking, cooperation, and collective participation. I love the bright colors that just add to the fun and festivity of play. Get outside and have a blast!
This parachute is a lot of fun!  Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it, but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down.  He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.This one is bigger than I thought it would be, which is a good thing, but unfortunately we actually don't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home.  If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around.  But if you have only 3 people to play with, while it still works, it's more fun with more people.  But I guess that's the way all games/toys should be!Definitely recommend this for outdoor (or indoor with a lot of room) activities with lots of kids!
My friend has this for her son, and her new puppy fell in love with it, so I thought I might try it for my new girl. So, I bought this for my 10 week old puppy - she just loves it. It took her a minute to get used to it, but now she'll go out of her way to run through it. So far its held up quite nicely to puppy chewing, running etc. What I really love is that is sooo easy to fold up. I can put it away in a minute and when she's ready to play I can just pop it open. So much fun - plus its big enough that she'll be able to play with it long into her growing stages. Very fun toy! Not sure if kids of the human variety enjoy it as much as the furry ones, but I recommend it if you have a playful puppy!
I originally bought this on the advice of people who train puppies in agility skills. Their suggestion was to not buy agility tunnels, but instead, find a decent & afforable tunnel in kid toys. I went with this tunnel based in other buyer reviews and now it's time I add my own review.I have a now 26 week old pup and didn't want to invest too much in materials if agility ended up not being her cup of tea. As I said, this tunnel came with good reviews for durability and the price was right.Well, turns out she loves training to go through this tunnel, so I just ordered a second one to extend the length. I love that option! and it's one of the main reasons I went with this particular tunnel.Now, to be real:  I never leave the tunnel out for her to just play with. I am sure she would ruin it ... after all, she is still a pup with a big chew & destroy drive. Fortunately, this tunnel is easy to set up & take down.So for those of you thinking about dog agility training - or not - this product worked out well for me and I can recommend it.
My dog loved his agility class. Once it was over I wanted to get some agility items for our yard so he could continue trainig, but the kits made especially for this were a bit expensive for what you got. We got this for the tunnel and our dog loves using it for agility exercise.
My one year old son loves it and my dogs also seems to like running in and out of it.
My daughter is qualified to play in the Junior Golf World Championship and she uses putting greens like this to practice at home.  I have 5 different models of these electric return putting greens and in my observation, it seems like they are all very similar in quality and construction.  The speed on all of them are a little slow, and the plastic is a little cheap and thin. But they do work as far as getting  some practice on the tempo and direction of your putt.  For the price it is being sold, it is a good deal.  Please do not try to compare this to the quality of putting greens 5 times its price.  If you want to get one that is an excellent and accurate analog of a real green, expect to pay that much more.I have the professional type of putting which I had ordered and it cost me $230 for almost the same dimension as this, and it did not come with an electric ball return.
For years we have had putting machines that kick the ball back to you.  Great for practice putting when you are bored with everything else.  However, putting on your living room carpet is not at all like putting on an undulating green with grass on the course.  It is hard to maintain interest for even a avid golfer.The Club Champ Super Sized Electric Putt N' Hazzard Putting Mat changes that dramatically.  First off, it comes with carpet of its own similar to what you find on mini-golf courses, so you don't have the irregularities of the house carpet textures.  It is about 9 feet long so it gives you an opportunity to truly practice.  There are 3 destinations the putted ball can reach...the hole itself, a water hazard (no water), and a sand trap (no sand).  If it goes in any of the 3, the ball is kicked back to you, and it comes back with sufficient force to bring it back the full 9' distance.We found that by placing small objects under one or both edges you can make the putting more difficult by requiring the player to take the angles into account so it is not a straight putt any longer.  Also, we made the 9' runner into small hills to putt over...all the different layouts made it a fun game for the entire family.It comes with a &#34;&#34;3D&#34; background of trees, is simple to assemble, and high quality materials.  No clubs or balls included.Fun game for ages 4 to 94 (our household and relatives who have played this in the last few days).
Bought this for my son in law for xmas. The guys spent hours practicing in the livingroom . Setup is easy and stores away out of site.
Sure this thing has a fun water and sand hazard as well as a flag.  It was meant to be fun.  Doesn't mean you can't use this seriously to practice your stroke.  The mat is nice and long but does take a while to flatten itself down from it's initial rolled packaging condition.  Unlike other electric putting set, this one has a nice background.  I have loads of fun with this thing.
One of the two best multi-tools on the market today. (the other being the Leatherman SuperTool 200)PROS:1) Strong pliers with comfortable grip2) All blades can open while pliers are closed and all blades lock3) Useful Chisel blade4) Anti-rust finish5) Heavy Duty steelCONS:1) The file on the "X" model seems to be made of aluminum. After some use the "steel" plating chipped off. The Leatherman file is much tougher and can be used on wood or metal.2) You might break your nails trying to open the blades.*UPDATE*>> I sold sold the "X" model and purchased the "RS" model thereby trading the cheap file for a curved serrated blade. I like this tool much better now.
This tool functions better than the &#34;Leatherman&#34; series - the implements extend, lock, unlock and reseat smoothly and the steel sharpens and keeps an edge better.
What first struck me was this thing is heavy compared to 20-30 dollar multi tools I have.  Everything fits with surgical precision.  The tools snap in place and are steady as a rock.  Quality like none other.
this tool is awesome and can do most anything, snip wire take anything apart and even a good hammer.I have had mine for a long time and just sent it off to be fixed under warranty gotta love it.this eviscerates the leather man devours the little gerber toys and laughs at the boker 125 years experience makes a perfect tool.
In my humble opinion, the best supertool around, and I own probably two dozen of them that I've collected over the years. The tool exhibits a fit and finish better than anything else out there, and one great feature is that the tools fold out from the outside of the handle. It featured a positive locking mechanism when most of the other tools still had yet to offer it, including the famous Leatherman. Even with all the innovative multitools of recent years with each new one trying to outdo the other, this took remains head and shoulders above the rest. Next to this, as with a previous reviewer, I would rate the Leatherman Supertool as best.
I have carried one of these for about seven years and it has proven it's worth. Recently I lost it and am replacing it with the Spirit version. I want the scissors instead of a serrated knife blade.
I have carried one of these on my belt for over 25 years and recently left mine on the tailgate of my pickup and drove off without thinking. I lasted three days bare of my Victorinox and couldn't go any longer. The price is a little spendy but trust me you won't even give it a second thought after you use this tool for a month. It is extremely well made, engineered to near perfection and handier than the zipper on you pants. I don't go 24 hours that I don't use this tool at least a half dozen times. It has it all and then some. The steel in the blades is exquisite. The knife blades hold their edges well and the file and saw actually work andstay sharp. I am forever using the leather punch to start a screw in hard wood or punching one of my cigars for a smooth draw. Spend the extra bucks and get the real deal tool of your lifetime.
I bought this tool around 10 years ago to replace my Leatherman Wave. The wave was fine, but after four years of intermittent use the pliers began to loosen and while the blades on the outside began to feel very sticky. After trying to clean it multiple times with various solvents and re-oiling it never felt too good. I have also used a gerber multi-tool but I didn't like it near as much as my Wave.Once I replaced my Wave I felt the Victorinox was just a slightly more expensive tool, but it has proven to be much more. I have used it at least twice a week (many times much more often) for the past ten years and it still feels great. The tool closes and stays closed all the blades still lock and are easy enough to remove. The driver set still works great, though many of the bits have been replaced due to wear and tear. The nylon pouch is tearing and is almost ready to be replaced, but this is to be expected after ten years of wearing this tool on my belt. The only problem I have with this tool is that many of the tools are difficult to unfold due to their recessed fit, but this is negligible especially in most cases since this is the tool to use when you don't have access to real tools. It has saved me on many occasions when my bike breaks down away from home, or anything else that needs a quick tweak. This tool also comes with a lifetime warranty.If you are in the market for a multi-tool I cannot recommend this one enough. I also recommend buying one with the extra tools, these ones are easier to use in moments notice and the bits are easily replaced as they are worn out.
I own several brands of multitools but Victorinox continues to top my list for its funtionality, smooth deployment, craftsmanship, and durability. Although Leatherman is a far second, I put my trust more in the Victorinox. I have one that Ive owned since 1983 and to this day, its main blade is sharp enough to slice paper floating down in air. Premium grade carbon stainless steel used in making Japanese swords! The wood saw in it also cuts through lead pipes. Put it this way, if I were lost in the thick jungles of South America, I would choose to have the SwissTool (rather than any Leatherman and Gerber) stuck to my belt. Maybe that's why MacGuyver favors Victorinox.
Like many of you, I've been using Victorinox swiss army knives since I was a lad. My grandpa brought back my first one from Switzerland in the early 1980s. At that time, Victorinox swiss army knives were not to be found stateside. The quality blew away anything we had in the states at the time.Before I got this, I got an original Leatherman, figuring I'd give my fellow countrymen a chance before looking to imports. This tool simply blows the Leatherman away in every category except one: weight. It is an absolute brute compared to the original Leatherman.Closed, it is 4-1/2". It seems to weigh about half a pound. Mine came with a belt sheath that can be worn either horizontally (yay) or vertically. (yawn)Coming from a Leatherman, the first thing I noticed is the high-gloss finish Victorinox put on this baby. It is the same as is on their knives. Just top quality througout. Don't get bent out of shape because it takes fingerprints so easily. It doesn't matter, because it WILL NOT rust. (this is unconditional with Victorinox, unlike with many others)The next thing I noticed was the larger bulk. After that, I noticed that ALL the tools lock, and lock solidly; not just locked from closing on one's fingers.After that, I noticed that all tools except the pliers are on the outside of the knife when it is in the closed position. Therefore, when one needs a tool besides the pliers, there is not even the need to open the pliers. (unlike with the original Leatherman)This is the real handyman's multi-tool. Much beefier pliers than the original Leatherman. There are no one-handed blades, like on the newer Leatherman Waves, but that is not what this knife is about. (it should also be noted that the one-handed opening blades on the Leatherman Waves are not actually that fast to open, as they are so tight & with small opening slots)Most of the tools are simply the same or a bit larger than on typical swiss army knives. Tools that I was pleasantly surprised with:- #2 Phillips screwdriver: is long enough to be useful- Small flathead screwdriver: it was a surprise to see this little gem on such a big tool- Metal file: Can be surprisingly useful for fine-tuning the fit on things, whether plastic or metal. The metal saw is a last resort kind of thing. The file is also useful for deburring sharp edges off of things.- Chisel: While I don't use the chisel much, this tool also has two sharp wire stripping notches in its base. These are not the joke wire strippers like are included on the bottle openers. These are for real.- Bottle opener/flathead screwdriver: This has been lengthened to make it feel more like a real screwdriver and less like a bottle opener.- Large flathead screwdriver: This is truly large and sturdy enough to be used on the biggest flathead screws. It feels sturdy enough that one could probably do some real prying with it.- Wood saw: I rarely cut wood with this, but it is also useful for cutting plastic. I cut more plastic these days than wood.- Scissors: As many of you already know, this tool is second only to the blade for usefulness. I'm glad Victorinox didn't gyp us out of this.The only thing to watch out for on this tool is the size & weight. Be sure you're willing to carry a big, beefy tool. The big quality and functionality are there too. If you don't want to carry a big, beefy tool, I recommend getting a medium sized swiss army knife with the pliers blade, and realize that it is for comparatively light duty.
The victor inbox Multi-Tool is an excellent tool. Every function of this tool is well made ( Quality) and very useable.
I was given this tool some 11 years ago by my wife on the day she announced i was to be a Father, she gave it to me in a box with my daughters name on it to me... Im a Director Of Engineering at a property, been in this industry for over 25 years. I own more tools than my garage can hold, but i will say this once you feel this tool in your hand and feel the weight and quality and design, youll agree that its WELL made and very well crafted. I have tried Gerbers, and Lethermen but they never hold up for me. This tool is NEVER away from me, I use it and this is no joke, but I use this tool at least 5 times a day. I plan to retire this one real soon due to the '' value '' of it to me personally and Im getting the exact same one again. If I can get over 11 years use out of any tool its a hell of a deal...
I love this tool. Yes it is heavy. Yes you can wear it on your belt and no one will notice. Really. And yes, you get a great amount of tools. I already always carry a Swiss Army Knife on me, so I went with this model to get the serrated blade, and not the scissors.It is perfectly aligned, buttery smooth, nicer than my Leatherman Rebar, and yes, bigger and heavier. The tools come out on the outside, and lock with a satisfying &#34;snick.&#34; The release is easier to use than the Leatherman Rebar. Which itself is a nice tool, I carry that in my daily work messenger bag.The pliers are strong and super easy. One nice touch -- the ruler, inches/centimeters, is far easier to read than the Leatherman. The result I think of the brightly polished steel.
This is a very big water cooler that is handy to have around for gatherings and outdoor events. I fill it with ice tea for BBQ's in my backyard and have gotten a lot of good use out of it. Build quality is excellent and construction is sturdy. A grown adult can even sit on this with no problem. It's a nice, attractive bright orange color that's fun to look at and easy to spot. The side has a cup holder, but I never use it as it's clumsy to keep attached.The spigot is easy to push and automatically shuts off when its released. It enables one-handed operation: use your fingers to grip the cup and your thumb to push the spigot, important when you're trying to juggle several things at once. The spigot does not leak or drip. Because the spigot is positioned low on the unit, you do have to place the cooler on the edge of a table or other raised surface so you can get a cup under it. Gravity draws liquid out.I'm very satisfied with this cooler.
It holds everything from drinks to ice. The build quality is nice, and I have had no issues with my cooler.
Very durable construction. Just like I remember as a kid at soccer games this cooler will be for my kids to drink out of at their soccer games. The spout is so easy to operate my 5 year old can use it. Will probably buy some more of these for camping.
Works well, no problems.  I like that the cap screws on and stays on.  It does not spill in the car.
I was thinking of buying a pool float to use as my camping mat and I found a great deal.  $10 for an air mattress SOLD!  Luckily for me I have an air pump with me when i go canoe camping because my canoe is inflatable.  If I didn't i would Not get this, as it is VERY hard to inflate.  Because I have a foot pump it takes me 5-10 minutes to pump this up and for $10 it works for me.If you have a pump then this will do for your camping or pool needs.  If you don't then I would not get it as it is VERY hard to inflate.Others said its also hard to deflate, i found if you cut/puncture the inner seal and just let it deflate on its own its fine.
This is a great pool float.  Floats very well.  It's big enough for an adult to use comfortably.  It folds up a lot easier when deflated then others too.  Great for taking with you!
These pool floats are the best design by far. Wide enough that it's easy to climb off and on in the deepest water, extremely stable in operation. All around a great product. Unfortunately, like all of these plastic floats they eventually spring a leak and are very difficult to repair. The provided repair kits are practically useless. But great while it lasts.
Bought 3 of these for the pool and they are very well made and best part is WIDE. You should have an inflater though to fill these. Love the way they roll up even when inflated unlike others that are stiff. They are thin but this allows water to enter the top of raft for cooling and roll up for storage without deflating.
I camp out a lot and needed something lightweight and portable and not nearly as thick and heavy as an air mattress, but more comfortable on an aging back than a self-inflater or a foam pad.It's not terribly easy to inflate or deflate based on the way the cells link together, but comfort is outstanding and width is greater than with a pint sized mat (29 vs. 20 inches, and that nine inches makes a great difference). I wish it was sold AS an outdoor mattress and had a quick release valve, but it's a small price to pay for light weight, portability and comfort. If it were sold as an outdoor mat, I suspect color variations and a quick release would make their way onto the product. After all, neon pink raises some eyebrows as it rides with my bed kit on the back of my kayak, but for the comfort, it can't be beaten. Maybe the next one will end up being blue when it comes in...
EXCELLENT SIZE easy to get on and get off of, and surprisingly good construction and feel. Much better than the normal faire at the local big box stores.
I bought this for my 8 year old son last year for his birthday, and it's been a ton of fun.  First, I had my first trac ball set in the early to mid 80s so I never experienced the styrofoam balls some are discussing.  So, while the balls from my old set looked very similar - textured, hollow yellow plastic - they weighed quite a bit less than these modern versions.The hardest part to get across to my kids is that you need to be pretty agressive in putting spin on the ball in order for it to curve or "float".  But my kids love it and I still find it a ton of fun.  THe quality seems pretty much the same as the old set, which is nice to see.  The "raquets" are plastic and it would be pretty easy to break them if you don't take care of them.On a side note:  this goes back a few years, but did any other Trac Ball fans notice a raquet (painted silver) in The Phantom Menace - hanging in the shop on Tattooine where Anakin worked?  I think that says something about the thought and imagination that went into TPM, but I'll leave it at that.
Trac Ball is just as much fun today as you remember it as a kid.While growing up my friends and I developed dozens of Trac Ball related games. Some were like LaCrosse while others were like a stationary version of Hockey (two people and two goals). We developed new techniques for putting spin on the ball and created ball flights that seemed to defy the laws of physics.It is now 20 years later and I have found that my wife and I still enjoy Trac Ball as a way to get some exercise. Unlike baseball or football it is easy to play catch with Trac Ball and not worry about giving your significant other a black eye!Pros -- Easy to learn- Maintains its "fun" by the number of ways you can learn to curve the ball.- Very easy to "invent" games- Safe - the ball is lightweight plastic- Fun for all ages - I have been playing since I was about 5 years old- Everything is plastic so it is completely water proof... fun for the beach, unless the ball floats away in the water.Final tally - 5 stars
Bought to put in the RV for camping toys, but use it in the yard often.  May need to buy a second set.  That ball flies and curves like no bodies business!
I had this set as a kid and loved it.  Once I had children old enough, I wanted to purchase a set for them to play with.  I am so glad I did.  It has been a blast teaching them how to curve the ball and how to throw in general.  We can play for hours.  They are great for park outings with your family or with any group you may belong to.  We take them to our scout picnics and this is always a hit.  We have 3 sets so there are plenty to go around.  It does take a little bit of practice to get used to it, but once you have it you are in for a great time.  Just be patient and take the time to try it out before you get frustrated.  If you have a family get this.  It is so nice to have stuff like this to do rather than be stuck inside with the electronics that do not allow for interaction.HAVE FUN!!!
I love this game and its even more fun with 4 people.  Great product.  Surprised no one has hurt them selves with it and got it banned:)
This is a simple, but fun, game.  It's also very durable.  We bought a similar-looking game (not Wham-o brand) from the 99 cent store and it literally lasted about 30 minutes before both rackets and the ball were all cracked/broke.  So far we haven't had that problem with this Wham-o one.
This net is great!  It is well made with a strong tube steel, adjustable frame.  It launches balls back at you and makes goal shot practice a snap.  I bought this for my son but have been using it more than him lately!
I bought this for my daughter's birthday. It took a bit of time to set up, but it was worth it. She practices for hours with this rebounding net. A set of metal stakes keeps it securely in the ground for kick after kick. This might just be my favorite purchase of the year.
It doesn't look super quality but it's been very good for several months in the garden. it gets the sprinklers every night and no sign of damage to it. I hope it lasts a long time
I bought this item for my 5 year old nephew as a Christmas present. The setup of the net was relatively easy, I would recommend using a partner just for the sheer size of the rebounder. The only semi-difficult part was stretching the rebounder net to attach it to the frame. This took some strength which was not a problem for me, but I could see some smaller people having issues with it(I am not bragging or a chauvinist, just saying I am a big man and have more strength than most).  My nephew loves this item and it appears that it will last a long time. I am very please with this item and would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I cannot recommend this grill/griddle enough, since it is so versatile and easy to use and clean.  It makes a whole breakfast from bacon and eggs and pancakes. Flip it over and it is an excellent grill for meats and fish.  And it works well on gas and charcoal cook surfaces as well as electric.  I has a gas stove and am always in awe whenever I use it since it makes cooking so much fun.  And the price is excellent.  I have scads of cast iron from this grill/griddle, to fry pans of all sizes, and cornbread pans and other items.  Stuff never wears out and gets handed down generation to generation.
I just received this item a few days ago and it's well on its way toward being a kitchen favorite.  I followed the directions for seasoning, cooked some eggs on it this morning and they did not stick!  It was great to do scrambled eggs on one end and over-easy on the other.  Around 25 years ago, I got my first cast iron fry pan.  What an ordeal to season it!  This is already performing beautifully and can only get better!
I have a cheap gas stove and I always wanted one of those expensive versions. (You know the one's on everyone's TV kitchen) ... This griddle cooks pancakes, french toast, cheese sandwiches and eggs on the smooth side wonderfully. Just kick the burners on high, let it warm up, knock them back to medium until its hot evenly and throw the food on. Don't worry about heating an empty pan, Cast iron can take it. When a water droplet bounces and its not smoking its ready. (Smoking is too hot, duh!)The other great use is to put it in the oven, turn the broiler/oven on and let it heat up. Then toss on the steaks, ribs, or fish! Yum!The Lodge seasoning is ok for that first time cooking. You do need to wash off the manufacturing dirt, and a good coat of oil is a good way to start that carbon buildup.On the down side, the burner grates on my stove instersect with the indented handle slots. There is a slight lip on the pan so that it rests directly on the grate. If you slide the pan down just slightly and to the center of the stove, it sets in just right. But I could see that on not all stoves it would fit as well. The alternative would be to get two of the open cast iron rings that fit on the stove grates and put the griddle on top of them. (These rings are normally designed to aid in holding a small pot over a larger more open gas stove grate) (I got two cast iron grates from the hardware store. I think they were "storm" grates. In an outside fire I burnt the paint off them and now they work fine holding the griddle up off the stove. Also Lodge has a 8" castiron trivet which looks like it should work as well.)It is heavy, yup. It doesn't fit in my sink very well, but then if you've ever watched the guy at the bar & grill clean his grill, he does it right on the stove. So while the giddle is hot, give it a good scrape with the spatula, and wipe it with a paper towel. You'll get 90% of the food/grease off the pan. Then a quick rinse when it cools down gets the rest. (In the sink put a large sponge under the edge and one behind it to avoid scratching things.)Also if you cook bacon, or other high fat food, it splatters. Since the lip is low, it doesn't catch the grease spatters the way a good fry pan does. More stove cleanup...While it grills ok on the stove top, It's not a replacement for the charcoal cooker. You will need a good vent hood to catch the smoke. (Well yeah)Also if you plan on using it inside your oven, measure first! Not all ovens are 20" wide inside.(I have much older cast iron fry pans and everything that's been said about them becoming smooth and non stick is true. Took about 5 years of off and on cooking to do it, and 10 to become perfect. Grandma's pans went to my mother so I had to season my own pans myself. This pan because of the dual sided cooking only took about a month to equal that old fry pan.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SOME REVIEWERS ARE USED TO- BUT I'VE FOUND THESE BINOCS TO BE IDEAL FOR MY PURPOSES..I BOUGHT THEM FOR A FUTURE CRUISE AND HAVE NOT FOUND ANYTHING CLOSE IN PRICE/QUALITY. THESE ARE MORE COMPACT-HAVE A BETTER FIELD OF VIEW-AND ARE AT LEAST HALF THE COST OF OTHER BRANDS. I CAN SEE CACTUS NEEDLES AT 50+ YARDS. SOMEONE NEEDS TO CONVINCE ME THAT HIGHER PRICED OPTICS ARE SUPERIOR IN PERFORMANCE...THEN MAYBE I'LL RISK DROPPING THEM OVERBOARD.
I ordered these because I wanted a pair to carry in my vehicle that were small, but powerful enough to be useful.  The glass quality is very good considering the price and is appropriate for what I wanted them for.  Obviously the glass is not comparable to higher end optics, but these are great if you want a small pair that are reasonably price.
I have been a photographer for over 45 years and am very familiar with the quality of Nikon's optics. However, I own both the Nikon 10x25 and the Bushnell 12x25 binoculars and in terms of clarity I find no discernible difference between the two, except the Bushnell has a bit more power. The Bushnell's are also much smaller than the Nikon so they take up less space when you are packing for a trip. Considering they cost $30 less than Nikon's, and are stronger, the choice is clear...buy the Bushnell every time. A great pair of small binoculars.
I have nothing bad to say about these binoculars.I use them at work to watch ships movements in and out of the bay.They are light, easy to handle, and are clear during bad weather.Good optics. You can't go wrong.I have dropped them once. A fall of about 3 feet - all is well!
It does the job and the price is right. It's kind of wide so it wouldn't work inside a custom fitted case.
Requied in Calif for all firearm purchases and trasnportation. If you live in a &#34;Nanny State&#34;, this is the exact thing you'll need.Price was right.Would buy from this seller again. A+.
I give this product a 5 Star rating because it's of excellent quality. All handgun owners should be buying this product or one like it. I personally use this with a gun safe and hidden where even I have a hard time getting to it. When I'm in the Desert or up in the Mtns. is the only time I &#34;unlock and load&#34;. I'm a US Marine and know what I'm talking about. Be responsible and buy this product. I would highly recommend it.
Wow, for the price I was expecting total crap.I was really surprised by how heavy duty this thing is, and how well made the keys are. When this thing is on you're gonna have a pretty tough time getting it off if you don't have a key.One thing I'll note though (and this is not related to this product) but a design flaw with these is that if you attach one you're not 100% in the clear as it literally takes 1 minute to unscrew the trigger guard from most guns re-exposing the trigger. This is definitely the case for my Remington 700 as anyone who actually wants to shoot the gun but doesn't have the key can just unscrew the hinged floor plate assembly and reattach a new one without this thing on it. That's why I also got one of those long locks that goes through the action.
Just what I needed to feel confident with the grand kids running around the house poking their nose into everything.
Not a substitute for a proper locker or safe, but an excellent backup and transportation measure. Secure, simple, won't scratch your finish, won't take up unnecessary space. And if you find it easier to remember a few numbers than it is to keep track of a bunch of little keys, this is a must.
Does exactly what is is supposed to. Fits my S&W 1911 without marring the finish. Well constructed and easy to operate. I needed a hacksaw and a blowtorch to open the package though. This is a great value for 10 smackers.
I buy these for all my firearms and they fit them all just fine. It comes with instructions on how to use and set a new combination. It's a very strong and sturdy lock that will defiantly prevent the trigger being pulled when properly installed. For me the only con is that it doesn't perfectly fit my 10/22 carbine, but fits well enough to keep it safe.
I've been an NRA Instructor since '94 and I'd like to start by saying that this is a personal opinion and not one reflected by the NRA entity. I am a firm believer that the BEST "safety" is a well trained and disciplined shooter. I happen to like this product for a few specific uses. When traveling it may be good to have to have an extra layer or margin of security on the trigger. Yes, in some cases a firearm may still be fired with this on, and yes ALL locks are defeatable. BUT if the firearm in question is not going to be in a situation where an individual can fiddle with defeating this lock for a period of time it may be for you. Will it prevent theft? Probably not. Does it hinder use when in a heightened threat level, Yes. I personally like to travel with a steel lock box to stow away a loaded at-the-ready firearm. But depending on an individuals comfort and perceived threat situation this will vary. Once again, this is a personal opinion and hopefully you will take it for what it is...additional information. As far as the build quality and ease of use go it is a very good value for the money that is why I am giving it 5 stars. I know that some reviewers have given it lower due to personal use philosophy which I'm not going to do since that is an individual variable.
I liked this better than a keyed lock because you can literally grab it and run! No need to try and look for a tiny key. In an emergency you want to be able to get to it fast and this way anyone can unlock it- only if they have the combination.I bought a 6pack and my buddy and I split them. Now we both have our guns locked and safe.I let me brother use my gun a little while ago- he called and asked what the code was and I told him... THAT EASY! good thing there was a code and not a key because I had forgot to tell him initially. Would have sucked to go out to the range and not have a key!No lost key or anything- this is a great purchase and I would recommend it over a cable or keyed trigger lock any day!
Great trigger lock. I keep it on my gun at all times. I can get this off in a matter of seconds if  I need to.You can change the combination very easily. Well made item. I don't see how you would be able to break this off or open without combination.Keeps your gun safe but ready for quick action if needed. Nuff said.
I used this to lock the BB gun I have on the wall. I remember what it's like to be a kid.
This is a great product. I didn't realize how much I would like the combo lock. Nice to have to keep track of keys.
For people who haven't seen one of these: it's pretty darn awesome. The picture makes it look plastic, but this is solid metal. Sturdy. Heavy. I put this on my Mossberg and even though it won't fit behind the trigger, it still locks on there tight. Adjusting it to my own combo was difficult because the last dial was difficult to turn when I was putting in the new combo. With a little persistence, I was able to get the right number.NOTES ON GUN SAFETY: Better to pay $10 now for this product than thousands in court fees (or worse) down the road.
I use this for my home defense pistol.  Hardly any play once it's tightened down, but you will need to give it some good force to tighten.  Works great!
I got multiple of this for more then one gun and set the code to the same. easy to set and remove in a pinch
Heavy, seems very well made and fits nicely.  Setting your own combination is easy once I found something that fit the pinhole.
It works great and conforms to many different shapes and sizes of firearms.  Works perfect and easy to use.
I'm very impressed with the Master Lock 3-digit combination trigger lock. It fits well on the various firearms I own, without any tendency to scratch or mar my expensive weapons.As a test, I took one of these and tried to pry it open using pliers and various other tools (of course, not when it was attached to one of my firearms!). Only way I found to open it was using a large diamond tipped drill bit to punch through the side of the unit. Still, I suspect that when attached to a firearm, the weapon would definitely be damaged by this sort of forced removal. Compared to the typical locks shipped by gun manufacturers, I'd say it's at least as secure.Otherwise, I found it easy to set whatever code I want, and to operate the lock. I could get it on or off my firearms in just a few moments, with one hand if I needed to. Feels to me that Master Lock has the right combination of security and accessibility here.Definitely recommended.
Work great on the shotgun and is a lot easier to use over the cables you normally buy to look through the receiver. If you need a lock this is the one to get! (plus I never have to worry about losing a key anymore with a combination)
Fits great on wasr.Grabs trigger guard firmly, doesn't allow lock to move around.If you don't want to fuss with keys but want peace of mind with quick access, this is a great choice.
Awesome gun lock.
These look nice, are well made and it is great having a combination vs. having to carry around a little key.  I definately recommend them as it works well.
Exactly what I wanted and expected!Fits and locks both my 12-gauge and my full size .45.....great price for a quality product, and shipment came quickly! Highly recommended!
It is one more safety to be added to you home weapons. This in a must if you have young kids at home and you cannot afford a safe.
I had one for my XD and now have a few more items I wish to keep SAFE from others using.  Not only a great price they are awesome to use and easy to change the codes for locking/unlocking.  I had lost the directions form my years ago one and nor have the easy instructions to change the codes.  Insert a pin into the opening and change the codes, how easier can it be, I could of had a V8 moment when I saw this....Silly me for forgetting...
A must if you need to safeguard your weapon, no need to fumble looking for keys especially in an emergency.
I don't have anything amazing to say about this.  It does what it is intended to do with no problems.  I gave it 5 stars because I have nothing bad to say about it and the price was good.
I bought these locks with combos. So in an emergency if I could not get to the keys I could do the combo. But in the dark you can't see the numbers maybe a light up lock combo would be better
These are perfect for any firearm in a gun cabinet, such as a Homak or Stack-On.  Even if someone is able to break into the cabinet, it would take up to 1000 tries in order to defeat the trigger lock.  I like the fact you don't need a key and can set your own combination.  The locks are a little bigger than the keyed version of the Master trigger lock, but worth the trade off.
Fits HK USP & P220 well. Seems sturdy and locking mechanism is smooth. Would consider this in the future for other models.
I ordered a few of these and they work great. They fit all different sizes of guns. I have them on pistols as well as rifles and shot guns. Definitely worth the money.
fits almost all my firearms in one way or another (from one side or the other). easy to set combos great quality good solid feel and fit. much safer then keys that can be lost. i keep some of my firearms at my mothers house and now she can feel safe and still have access to them when needed. i have them on almost all my firearms. not cheap but nothing thats worth buying is. buy more then one and the shipping is worth it as the shipping is a flat rate for anything from one item to 100.
If you leave your firearms in a drawer or easily accessible, then I would highly recommend this product.  For $11 you certainly can't go wrong.  It is a small investment too if you consider the damage it could prevent if a child find your firearm.  However, keep in mind that a chambered gun may still discharge with this trigger lock, so be careful how you store your weapons
well made product - just what I needed to make me feel secure with my purchases. first time gun owner.
great price and locks work great with the weapons I use them on.  I wonder if criminals use gun locks at home?
Great combo lock, provides all my 1911's and .40cal's perfectly. virtually tamper-proof, a must have when you don't like having keys to lose.
Much better than a keyed lock. Simple to set or change the combination.  Locks and opens quickly.  If you need a trigger lock this is a good choice.
These are great to use if you have a few guns, as you can change the combination on all of them to the same number, and you wont be chasing around for a bunch of different keys, or worse lose a key, or get your keyed locks mixed up while having several out at the range or in the field.
This is a quality lock and I like the combo feature.  No need to go searching or fumble for keys.  The lock is easy to use and fits my weapons without issues.  I would absolutely recommend this product.
This lock is easy to install and remove. better than the keyed version. Also the changeable combination is a plus. I will definitely recomend this lock to my friends.
Solidly made and easy to use.  The process for picking a combo is straight forward and it will fit on everything from my .22 pistol to my 12 GA shotgun.  The tumblers are smooth and feel solid in the housing for the price you can't beat this little lock to keep any unwanted hands off your trigger.  I take mine out when we go to the range to keep kids and moron's from shotting each other while I'm shooting or working with another shooter and don't have eyes on my weapons.  Plus with the combo you don't have to worry about forgetting/not finding keys when you need them.
I would recommend this item if you have fire arms.  It works on hand guns and rifles. No need for a key and it's quick remove, when needed. It is very sturdy.
This is a must have if you have kids at home... quick and easy on and off and fits perfect.  Great price too.
I have a them on all my firearms and am very please with them no key to worry about or lose
Got this for my remington 870 tactical shotgun. I switched out the trigger lock that came witht he gun since I changed the stock to a mesa tactical stock with pistol grip and the OEM lock wouldn't fit anymore.  Easy combo lock, better than using a key in my opinion.  Sits a bit loose but it'll do its job, doesn't hit the safety that is on the trigger guard.  it should work fine for rifles and pistols.
This lock gets harder and harder to find in stores.  I remember picking up one from Cabela's last year, and ended up loving it so much I went back to buy a few more; they were gone.  I made a few trips back and forth a a few other stores in the area over the next few months and all I could find was the keyed version of this lock.  Went to Amazon, and there it was for the same price and ordered a few more.  I highly recommend these, but also hope you use your own personal judgment as far as gun safety and security.  I am not really good at keeping up with extra keys, so I opted for these as it would allow me to unlock them in the event that I ever lost the keys.  For home security, I have a weapon that is more readily accessible to me, and I use these locks on guns that I store away.
I bought several of these because I'd moved onto base housing. That required me to either have a trigger lock or a locked case to transport a weapon on and off base. These were cheap, they are easy to set the combo and they are solid. A trigger lock is just that, its not offer the speed of the quick release lock boxes or the safety of an actual safe. But they do add a degree of safety by locking the movement of the trigger on most weapons. Keep in mind there are weapons this will not work well on like lever action rifles, ARs with folding trigger guards and the like. As mentioned I went with these because Master Lock makes good locks and because I could set the combo to what I wanted. That means all the combos can be set to something easy to remember and changed later if I wish. The price is very good and there is nothing I can really complain about. A good product that works well if it fits your need.
I keep one loaded firearm at my house for any emergency that may occur. This lock allows me to keep it secured from being used by any intruders/ children while still allowing me to quickly access it without having to search for any keys when a speedy response may be critical. I plan on eventually purchasing more for all of my firearms just for the convenience.
Ok if someone gets into your home they cant shoot you with your own weapon.Not to mention if you have kids around. I can access this without a key which could be lost and found by someone else.
This is a simple secure lock with no keys to lose.  The combination is easy to set so you can set them all the same.Fits the  rifles and hand guns I have tried to use it on.It is a great deal better than the cable locks provided with many weapons.Not sure how well hardened the shaft is, only three digits so this will not stop a determined thief that has already taken your fire arm.  But that is not the purpose of a trigger lock.  It will deter children and mothers in law.Please be safe and use multiple layers of protection when storing and transporting your fire arms.In summary, I plan to buy more of these.
Best trigger lock available in the market.  Highly recommended for all shooters.  I have it on my all of my firearm.
I love it so much I bought more. It is a great combination lock works on all type of firearms. Safety, safety. You can't go wrong, great price, for a great product.
I purchased two locks to provide an additional level of security on both a full size rifle and a Ruger 10/22.  I selected the Master Lock combination model because it will allow me to keep firearms secured without having to keep track of a key.  For those gun owners who want to balance the always-never dilemma (always have ready access but never allow unauthorized users access), this product works extremely well.  Despite customer complaints about setting the locks, I the process to be extraordinarily easy.  I had both locks reset and on their respective rifles in just a couple minutes.I will continue to use these locks for any firearm which is not already secured in a suitably locked hard-case.
this is an great product to secure and make safe your pistol against unauthorized use specially buy minors. this is excellent for those who keep pistol beside their bed.
I love this lock. No more worrying about losing keys. I've used this on a number of different types of firearms without any issues. In short it's worked for my needs.
Well, if someone grabs your stuff and wants to spend some quality hacksaw time ... there's nothing to stop that.These locks are easy to use and fit a good range of guns. I was pleasantly surprised to find these fit clunky XD's and skinny PPK's alike. I wouldn't consider these "defensive" locks, since they're clutzy to handle in a hurry. What I really do like is that I can keep one in the drawer and if the gun isn't on me, it's either in the safe or "muzzled" with one of these.We don't have kids around, and nothing is ever left accessible when anyone else is around. Still, there are times ... quick trip to the store, etc. ... when clanking with the safe is a pain. These make the decision pretty easy.May take some juggling to find the exact right position. You can probably find ways to install these and still move the trigger ... a good sign that more experimentibg is called for.Cable locks? When I saw a TV spot that showed how you could slap some of them on the floor, and they'd pop open, I thought ... nah. Then I tried it. Half of mine popped open. Wow.These seem pretty solid.
I like the combination and it works real smooth.  Don't like having to carry around keys.  For a few more dollors it's worth it.
I bought this for my brother as he was always complaining about losing the key to his trigger lock. It fits very nicely on his Remington 870 express. It performs flawlessly with ease and it's nice to have one less key to worry about. I will be buying this lock again, no question about it.
I bought the Master Lock 94DSPT 3-Digit Combination Gun Lock for all my firearms and they work on all the handguns, rifles and shotguns plus my High Powered Pellet Rifle and BB Gun. I wrote to Master Lock to get this lock DOJ approved and if they can it would be the best bang for buck in protecting your firearms. As always Amazon was priced competitive with on time delivery.
the lock pulls and connects from the back of it and it fits nice and snug over the trigger and guard. and the setting your own number works fine as well. easy to understand instructions and good weight and quality of product.
Excellent lock, great price. Got it for my Mossberg 500A that I use for home defense. Wanted it close to the bed, but not exposed where my little one can access it. Goes off and on in seconds. Great peace of mind
Quality gun lock that I can feel confident about.  Purchased one for a Remington shotgun and one for an M&P9 pistol.  Easy to set combination and stay secure and tight on firearms.
This was purchased for my S&W; M&P; .40 handgun. It can take a little bit to get it on JUST RIGHT, but once you find that perfect position, it's gold. Numbers aren't the smoothest, but it does what it is intended to do. Like I said, just take a little bit of time to set it up.Overall, I'm pleased with the extra level of safety I now have when transporting it in the car, and you just can't beat the price and fast shipping!
I use these combo lock trigger locks on a lot of guns.  Really like them. Fit well.  Easy to set combination.  And you never have a key to lose.  Works on handguns, rifles, shotguns, assault rifles.  Happy with it.
I bought 3 of these to replace the key locks on my weapons.  No more having to look for the key or need to turn on the light.  If you preset the combo off open, you can open this in the dark.  I also like the rubberized center contacts that prevent scratching the finish.
Kids find keys. A scary enterprise for sure. Can't shoot the gun even if you do find my key. Easy enough to use reset and keep out kids
Protect your children, friends and strangers from temptation and curiosity.  These should be a legal requirement. When I consider all the shootings by children using their parent's guns, the law should prosecute the parents as well.
Does its thing as it's supposed to.  Fits easily in the trigger guard and securely fastens.  Would take some effort to pry it off so that's good.
Very good lock to pare with the lock-box that I also purchased here on Amazon. I like to for the access do to not having to have a key on hand
Very simple to use.  Locks the trigger housing securely on an M1911A1, Ruger P-series, and Glock.  In fairness it is a little trick to set the custom combination but I figure I'll only do that once.  Otherwise I find it far superior to a keyed model. (I've got too many keys already!)It IS a little bulky/wide but I don't mind that so much.
This protects you gun from firing. I know the warnings say otherwise but I hammered at the thing trying to get my shotgun trigger to click and it never budged. Perfect for home defense (my reason) as I need no key, no one else can get my key (kids etc) and I can access my gun when needed. Combination is the way to go, why worry about getting an expensive case or safe if unless you have a collection.
Initially bought 2 of these about a year ago and now have 6 of them.  Fit on all my rifles (AR, SIG)and pistols (1911's, Sig, CZ, Beretta).  Pricing was fair and delivery, swift.  Master Lock high build quality, makes this a recommended item for any shooter.
I don't have a gun safe, but needed something to keep my rifles secure in case little curious hands found them. NOTE: my ammo is locked away in a fireproof safe so I've got that covered.  This combo lock seems to have done the trick.  The lock is on nice and tight which prevents unintended use. I tried pulling the trigger but the lock will not budge one bit. I chose this over the keyed version because I have enough keys to worry about. I'm using this on my Marlin 795 and even my Crossman 1377 carbine.  Yep, I'm not taking any chances with a little one in the house and the combo lock fits the bill.
Lock works very well, fits my over-under fine. Use it when traveling and for airline travel. Would purchase it again.
Well, it does what it's supposed to do.  I love it and it will protect from my little ones shooting my gun so that's all I care about.  Great construction though...very sturdy.  This is one investment that should last you a long time....if not a lifetime.
I'm very pleased with my choice to buy this lock, Sturdy construction with smooth edges so my rifle/ trigger guard won't get scratched. Wouldn't hesitate to by again.
This lock fit my mauser just right. It was easy enough to set the combination and get the rifle secured. As far as I can tell, this lock will completely secure the rifle from use while attached. I cant imagine the kids could break it, but given long enough, and through process of elimination they could guess the combo.
going to get two more, great for locking up in the home or on the move in the car, easy to use and easy to remove don't have to find another key,
The lock combination can be set by the user.  I bought 6 of them, and set the combination the same on all of them to make it easy for me to remember (I only have to remember one combination, and I do not have to worry about loosing any keys).  This is an excellent feature.I also like that it fits on my shotguns, pistols, and rifles.  You can not see it in the picture, but when you separate the two sides of the lock, there are pressure pins that catch the trigger mechanism to ensure a tight and secure closure on the trigger.  Very good design at a great price.
This Combination Gun Lock gives me some piece of mind by enabling me to lock my shotgun knowing that I can access it and be ready to use it at ant time without keys. Fits securely with Master Lock quality.
I bought these to ensure just in the unlikely event that one of kids got into my gun cabinet they could shoot themselves or anyone else. These gun locks are very sturdy, once locked WILL NOT come apart if you don't know the combination. I highly recommend these to anyone needing to ensure their firearms are safe around kids or anyone for that matter.
So easy to use and fast to remove.
Love these things! Got lots of guns around the house, kids too so these things are very necessary. Good price and solid as a rock. Initially got 3 and I liked em so much I got 3 more. Changeable combo with a lock lever. Fits rifles, shotguns and pistols.
This product does an excellent job of what it was designed to do . . . namely, prevent a child or a person not yet trained in the proper use or handling of a handgun from being able to accidentally pull the trigger.  It should go without saying that the handgun should not be loaded with live ammunition when this lock is in place.  Once you move the lock around, with the lock bar positioned behind the trigger, and try a few different positions for the lock, it is easy to find the most secure position for this lock on your specific firearm.  The three-digit combination is simple to use, easy to re-set to a new combination, if needed, and there are no keys to lose or find on an already over-crowded key ring.  The lock case and lock bar are very strong and well-made, yet the inside of the lock that touches your handgun's finish is soft and non-marking.  All in all, it is an excellent product, and I recommend it highly -- for its intended use.
Used these all over the country this year putting on clinics for kids. Lots of sliding and stomping on, throwing in and out of a support vehicle... they held up to the challenge. They are just flat and flimsy, but serve the purpose of providing bases for your game.
These hold up well. they don't remain white for long, at least if left outside they yellow a bit. but they hold up well. Have had them for a season and there's no obvious deterioration or ripping of the bases so far.
Very good quality item that will last for several years. My grandson loves it and uses it often. You will not be disappointed.
Nice heavy duty base set. Couldn't believe they were as well made as they are. I was expecting something a bit cheeper, but was pleased when they arrived. The kids love them!
We've only had these for 6 practices and one game. They've been holding up great with all those little cleats running over them. I like that they are thicker & heavier than other brands I considered. However, I wouldn't use metal cleats on a rubber product. Really, for the same price there are many products which are inferior as far as thickness & durability go. Also, the &#34;tread&#34; on the bottom helps keep the bases in place. Obviously, if the grass is wet or the dirt is dry, they're going to slip...these aren't designed to compare to a secured base. Don't have unrealistic expectations. Still, I'm loving our set & think it should make it through the season. They fit in one of my baseball gear bags, but then it becomes too heavy & no room for helmets or catcher's gear. Got a collapsable wagon for the bases, tee, net, & gear bag.  Some have complained about not having a pitchers mound.  It'd be a nice inclusion, but for tee ball, we don't need it. Besides, temporary mound rubber would only mark distance, not give a push off point. I'd like one, but it doesn't seem real necessary for the price.
These are a great buy - very weighted down so they don't slide too easily but light enough for kids to easily transport themselves.  These are our favorite bases, I highly recommend them.
I use these with a team of 13 little leaguers that are 7-8 years old. We use these before every game and every practice and the boys run around them 4 times per event. So, that's about 50 touches per event. We've had about 30 practices and games so that's about 1500 touches so far. They're getting real dirty but they aren't breaking and I'm very pleased with them. They're quite heavy but that's necessary to make them last. I am very happy with them. They make a great warm-up station. Have your kids run around them and practice their base rounding technique, checking for signs from the 3B coach as they run, etc... I like being able to set them at a shorter distance so we don't tire the kids. We're just warming up. After two round trips we do a full round trip doing shuffle steps and then we finish w/ a &#34;4 step combo&#34; which is a run to first, shuffle to 2B, back pedal to 3B and criss-cross to home. It is far better than running out and touching the outfield fence.
We use these all the time for travel and rec baseball.  I've used them indoors and at the park for practices, these are a must have as they are heavy solid construction.  Buy these over any of the light weight $20 base sets.
These bases are very nice for the price, even if they were cost a little more.They are very thick rubber, with a waffle design on the bottom. i coach my sons baseball team, and these have held up very well for 2 seasons of practices. These are MUCH nicer than the thinner version of these bases, which tear after a couple practices with kids running on them with cleates.
I've used this for a few weeks with my T-Ball team.  The bases have held up really well.  They seem to be constructed of durable material and should last a long time as long as you're not using metal spikes.
I love this line. I generally buy 8-10 pounds and it is strong enough for any fishing I am doing. I generally bass fish in 20 ft of water.For night fishing I use the line that shows on black light. For day fishing I use the crystal line.I caught a 5 lb smallmouth on Dale Hollow with the 8 pound line. Last year using another line we broke off on several fish. This year I took my own gear and used the Crystal 8 lb line, and had no fear of the line breaking and that confidence was wonderful.This line casts extemelly well. Just remeber this is one strong line. Some buy 20 pound line or higher and that is a huge mistake as the line does not cast as well and is way too powerful for normal bass fishing.With 8-10 pound line when you get hung you are pretty much hung as the line is so strong.I will forever use this line and not waste time trying any other line.
Both my girlfriend and I use Fireline on our weekly outing to the Sacramento River. We use the 8lb. Fireline paired up with the 6lb. P-Line CFX fluorocarbon for a leader. This past week she caught a 20 pound king salmon with a 1/2oz. Kastmaster and the setup held up without a problem for nearly 30 minutes (the time it took to bring the fish in). The fish was released being it was out of season, but this line will forever be kept on our reels. I've snagged my treble hooked lures many times and been able to pull it free, only to find out the hook is bent downward, and that's with 8lb. Fireline. If it's strong enough to bend a hook before the line breaks, it's strong enough to bring in nice sized fish. We've tried PowerPro and find the stuff to be junk. As others have noted, the stuff breaks when you least expect it. Even a normal cast and your lure will fly into oblivion while you stand there with an O-face and think "wtf!" Also, wind knots seem to be much more prominent with that stuff. Nothing good ever came out of that line for us. Fireline is the braid of choice for us and with a proper leader, it can make a deadly setup.
I haven't used theBerkley Fireline 125-Yard Fishing Linein the 6/2-Pound Smoke for fishing yet, but it is the best for beading projects, particularly those with faceted beads like crystals or stones.  I double the line and first wipe it through a paper towel, then run it through beeswax after threading my needle.  I never knot this superline when beading, but use silk or nylon thread in those cases.  Amazon sells this product for much less than any other source I've found.  I also can recommend theBerkley Hot Line Cutterwhich does an outstanding job of cutting and melting the fireline when a project is completed.
I've been using Fireline in my beading projects for about eight years, and it works great for when you're using Swarovski crystals or beads that have sharp edges.The 6-pound count is nice for beads that are heavier and projects that have more weight to them.You just need to be really careful not to knot your projects; quite a few beading instructors have been warning that knots will break with this, and I've seen it happen when they demonstrate it.The smoke color will leave a grey residue on your fingers, but I rub it through a piece of Kleenex to take it off before I wax my thread, and have no problems.I was so happy to find this on Amazon since it's much cheaper to buy it here than from a beading store or beading website!
Simple review; I LOVE IT! Believe me, I looked all over the internet, looked at all those Youtube reviews etc etc. This is what I found and what I purchased. It 's the best!. Buy it, no hassle, easy to use, comes in a handy bag with all the goodies. The steady view (IS) is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's like a digital camera that you focus.
10 power and stabilized. Yes, you press and hold a button (top middle) to stabilize the image and release it when not needed. Stabilization is quick and the press to hold button saves battery life.  You can still see fine and use them as regular binoculars with out pressing the stabilization button and I like having a choice. One tip, use the stabilization when you Initially adjust your right and left eye once. It's easier than non-stabilized.Love these things for bird watching!
Another poster mentioned only a 1 year warranty but the box (purchased on Amazon) has a sticker that says 3 years and the warranty card in the box confirmed it. I've been using a good pair of zoom binoculars for watching boats and they are fine if I have a tripod. This Canon Image Stabilization (IS) 10x30 solves the problem beautifully. They are far more useful than standard binoculars because you can concentrate on the details of whatever you're watching without straining to hold them steady. They are very comfortable to hold as they are compact and light weight. Everybody who tries them breaks into a big smile when they press the IS button!
These kick ass, they work as described I just wish they had more magnification, the stead button is a major bonus, just wish they had color action like fde, desert tan
I chose this rating because the binoculars are as they were described. They work well and were at a price I was willing to spend. These certainly are expensive enough.
I've had these bino's for a few years and they continue to impress me.  They were a bit expensive but the image stabilization was worth it.  I estimate they allow me to see objects clearly of unit with double the power.  I use them at auto races, birdwatching, and other sporting events.  Highly recommended.
Canon makes the best stuff and now these are my favorite Binoculars. They work GREAT! I always see a lot of unsteadiness when I hold a pair of Binoculars for any period of time while zooming in as far as possible. These though have a button on them which engages a gyroscope (That's what the documentation says) of some sort and totally steadied the image. I walked around using them and they work GREAT! I have yet to try them aboard and boat of from a moving land vehicle, but as the Documentation also states there are apt to be problems with that sort of use. I totally recommend these as being Fantastic Binoculars. Canon always seems to cos more than other devices. I also own a few of their Cameras and Lenses, but you get what you pay for. I have come to like Canon products very much and plan on using their products in the future.
Very quality glass,  Crystal clear.  I use these for hunting and bird watching.  They are incredibly stable when using the IS mode.
Bought these as a gift for my mom. She still goes on about how great they are. In her backyard it's like watching a documentary on birds with the auto stabilization on. What did people do before IS?! Thinking about buying a second pair for myself!
Love these replica balls!  We use them for our interactive arcade attraction.  The users appreciate the replica ball and it adds a sense of realism to the game.  Very durable.
This is the perfect size for a toddler and is of great quality. There's some really cheapo small footballs and this one is NOT one of them.
Good for kids and adults with small hands I guess. We enjoy the football. Good size, not too big not too small.
Every kid has a tricycle, don't they? Well, it's such a standard toy it almost seems so. My boy just had his third birthday so I got him a trike. It was a Radio Flyer Classic and  was all decked out in red, white and chrome. Nice toy. Just as I remember from my own childhood. I got it at Toys "R' Us. Too bad I didn't check Amazon as I could have saved twenty bucks plus tax.The Trike came in a box and took about 10 minutes to assemble. Real simple. When he first saw it he was afraid. That didn't last long. I rang the bell a couple times and his interest was piqued. The next day we went to a neighborhood playground and tested it. First, the trike was a little too big for him. It specified 2 1/2 to ?, but his legs weren't quite long enough. With the seat all the way down, his feet won't stand flat on the ground and with his feet on the pedals, they aren't quite long enough. No major problem. He'll grow. It's just a matter of a couple more months. I sat him on the seat and put his feet on the pedals and pushed him around the basketball court. He loved it, although his steering is going to take some training. In any case, it was a success and he wanted more.The trike is quite handsome and well built. I would j/udge that it would last and last. Some people complain about stability and I can understand. That just seems inherent in trikes. There's going to be a certain amount of bruises and scuffs. That's just part of childhood, isn't it?Gary Peterson
Our three year old has one of these. It is by far his favorite riding toy. He must have spent 50 hours riding it in the past year. It is very well built with strong materials. Other than a little wear it looks like new. It has been kept outside under the patio cover about 1/2 the time and the other 1/2 in the garage.He parked it behind our boat trailer a couple of weeks ago and I backed the trailer and bent the rear wheel. I was able to easily order a new wheel from Radio Flyer and had it fixed in a few minutes after the wheel arrived.Great product.
Found the tricycle to be fairly easy to assemble.  Should not be a problem for anyone with a hammer, wrench, and screwdriver.  Once assembled, the unit is quite sturdy.  My older grandchild was standing on the rear platform while the younger one pedaled.  Not a problem.  Also looks very sharp.  Just tighten the seat bolt well.  Highly recommended....
This is the best knife I ever had.I wasn't certain spending so much on a pocket knife would be worth it but it was.It is solid and large. It flicks open easily and locks up firmly.  The blade stays sharp.  It continues to work like and look like new.  You can easily operate it with one hand while you hold what you are cutting in the other.The sharpened tip proves very useful for opening packages.  The serrated part of the blade is good for cutting plastic ties.
this knive is a great knife, solid lockup--THIS is the original with the arc-sog lock. beware, lots of currently made sogs are taiwan (mine was seki); the new sogs are S***. they are shoddy metal and plastic, and the lockup is  now linear, which is weak and flimsy. would not recommend a new one. get an old one like the one i got a few yrs ago
I own several other SOG knives. This is the largest I have. It should be noted that the smaller knives have the fast spring "flip out" operation. This model is not the fast spring loaded type like some of the others. But the blade and the way this is designed still makes it fast with one hand. It is a quality looking knife.As usual with all SOG knives, the steel holds a very sharp edge and is strong. The handle has a good feel to the grip and everything about it is quality.I love the lifetime warranty and am sure I won't need it. If I should need it however, it's nice to know this is a company that stands behind their products. This is a more "handsome" looking knife than the majority of their black coated blades, but they are all handsome and I have yet to have one fail on me or come up short in any manner.
INTROI needed a utility knife for deployments, and since I went to Haiti, I found this to be the perfect tool.  The knife clip is secure and is stable on my web belt (It is reversible, if you are a left handed user).  The weight of this knife is evenly balanced.CONSTRUCTION AND USEThe blade has a serrated edge for cutting through hard material very easily.  The Shark Tooth Tip adds to its potential use for defense, as well as for its ability to cut anything with ease.  This looks like a double edged knife, but it is not - only the tip is.  The knife is razor sharp and resists corrosion.  The matte finish is useful to eliminate glare or for avoiding bringing attention to its user, if unsheathed.  The handle is durable, textured and feels comfortable in my hand.Action of the blade is smooth, and allows for quick one-handed operation.  The lock is secure and given the smooth action of the mechanism, it allows for one handed closure, also.  I can open this knife one-handed in about 1 second.PROSQuickly opensShark tooth tipGreat balanceLifetime warrantySerrated edge for tough materials to cutCONSNone, in my opinionSUMMARYOne of the best utility/tactical knives in the market.  Highly recommend.
These two are like cousins.  The handles are exactly alike and you don't know which one is which until you open them.  The blades are both VG-10 steel, which is very sharp and holds an edge fairly well.  They make a nice set and are both superb knives.  The Pentagon Elite is serrated and has a dagger like appearance.  Open easily and looks fierce.  I prefer the 4 inch blades since the 5 inch are illegal to carry in most areas.
I originally purchased this knife as a backup or emergency use knife but it has been an EDC knife for about a month now and performed extremely well.  The steel holds its edge very well and out of the box I only touched it up with a leather strap to polish the edge a little.  I have yet to perform harsh tasks or try to abuse it but the steel eats everything I throw at it.  In comparison the Cold Steel Hold Out III started to dull after opening 15-20 envelopes where as the Pentagon Elite didn't start to loose its edge until 45 envelopes and breaking down three boxes.  The edge only lost its super fine edge and it only took a few minutes on a leather strap to get it back.The steel used in this knife has me sold and I will never purchase a knife with anything less AUS8 is terrible compared to this.
Great knife.  I think it's skirting the lines of legality in my state because you can flip it open, but it's not a "gravity knife" -- it holds itself closed and it has a locking mechanism to hold the blade open, so it seems to fit within the letter of the law.The "shark tooth" tip is a neat design idea that gives it a VERY sharp point, there are serrated edges towards the handle that help out if you're trying to cut through something like twine or wires, it has a belt clip if you're toting it around as a utility knife but is also small enough to easily fit within your pocket.If you're looking for a good utility "buck knife" you might as well get something like this.  The flipping action and one-finger lock disengage means you can easily use it one handed and it seems rugged enough for everyday use in the tool belt.  No more dropping what you're doing so you can pry the blade out or safely close it, just a little wrist and thumb action will do it.Edit:I've had this knife for almost 2 years now and I still like it.  I use it frequently (primarily for cutting open boxes from Amazon... *cough*) and can't get enough of the wrist action on it.  It's so nice to be able to open and close it without having to pry the blade out 2-handed style like other utility knives.  Can't say I can really comment on the whole "knife fighting" aspect other reviewers mention (don't do much knife fighting myself... you know... busy busy...) but as a simple utility knife, it's hard to beat.  Still sharp, too.Edit 2 (Dec 2007) --Still have the knife.  Still like it.  Another reviewer said this knife was double bladed (I assume that means "sharp on both sides") but it's not.  You might think it was from looking at the picture, but mine, which I ordered from this page a few years ago, is only sharp on the bottom, with the exception of the "shark tooth" tip, which is sharp on both sides, but only for a distance of like 1/8" or so (the very sharp tip is great for getting started on those highly annoying, nearly invulnerable hard plastic packages everything comes in these days).
The action is smooth and one handed, the blade is razor sharp.  The blade is rock solid when in extended position, no wobble.  The pocket clip is rock solid, unlike other knives I have owned.  I literally shaved my leg with it, no razor burn!!!  Now I walk around with a bald spot on my leg.  I also own the big brother of this knife, the pentagon elite II, they are the best folding knives I've ever owned.  I would recommend them with enthusiasm.
Whether you're working in the yard, the garage, at work or in the field, having a tool kit is essential.  This set has a multitude of tools to get a majority of minor jobs completed.The body and handles are made of a matte finished stainless steel.The needle nosed pliers allow for a one-handed release.  A crimping tool is integrated into the pliers for stripping cables and cutting small wire.  An 8 cm and 3" ruler are integrated into the handles.  The file, screwdrivers, bottle opener, Phillips screwdriver, and knife are all easy to access and operate.  A plastic lock allows for safe use of the tools.  For the price and the number of tools, this still sets the standard for multipurpose tool kits.The nylon sheath is rugged and allows for a vertical carry.Other Products Tried:Leatherman ToolkitOverall, I am pleased with the Tool Kit.
This is a great tool. I have had these Gerbers for year, and only had one failure ( I was definately not using it as directed ) This has a great multi-purpose saw and bit set. I have already used it quite a bit with no complaints.
always been a fan of Gerber multi-tools, and this is no exception. a great multi-tool and plenty of tools. the bits that come with it is an awesome addition, makes this tool VERY useful. would definitely buy it again. have not had any problems with my tool, although admittedly i don't use it all the time like some might, i have one for my B.O.B. and for random stuff around the house, and it works great.
use it all the time-every day-great to have the bits right with it-very well made -should last a very long time
I bought this knife a while back and have used it for a few years now.  It is one of my blades that tasted my flesh.  I cut myself opening a back of Gatorade.  This knife has done some carving, fishing, gutting, food prepping, etc.  It is a neat little folder I use at home and outdoors.  The only recommendation I'd make would be to have the sheath velcro be replaced with a button.  Then I would feel better about carrying the knife on my belt.  Just saying if Gerber is listening.  This blade design just works.  Never slips when wet.  And I love how it just feels in my hands.
Great knife for the money. I recommend this to anyone. Tightest lockup I've ever seen and a grippy handle. Buy it.
Gerber (A Fiskars Company) put out some of the best knives for the money in the market.  Fiskars is my favorite scissors company and everything I've used of their stuff is top notch - so this is a good combo.I have this knife in the partially serrated version.  It is 8.75" long when open, 5" when closed, and the blade is 3.75".  If you have the serrated model, the first 1.5" is serrated.  The remaining smooth blade hones nicely and stays sharp.  Gerber 650 &Portland;, OR U.S.A are printed on either side of the blade.The grip is exceptional.  The Kraton handle is very tough and offers superior traction and grip with it's rubbery feeling alligator finish.  It has a notch for the index finger and the butt curves down to fit your other fingers very comfortably.  It feels like a part of your hand when you hold it and is balanced nicely for a folder.  It simply stays in your hand when you want it there.The lock is solid with a lever-lock cog/pin system in the backside.  The cordura/nylon belt sheath has a velcro closure that has some adjustability to it.  Mine is several years old now and I still love this knife.  For this price, it's an amazing buy.  There are knives that cost 3 or 4 times as much that don't feel nearly as good.  The steel could be a little harder, but it holds its edge admirably.They came out with this over a decade ago and you can still find it and it's popular.  I think that says a lot.  I haven't used the ones with the hook point (sinew cutter for hunting, cutting rope etc.) but they seem virtually identical.The only thing this knife is missing is an ambidextrous notch for quick opening.  I give it 4.5 stars, rounding up for price/performance ratio and fantastic quality and grip.
I have a pretty decent knife collection and love Benchmade and Spyderco knives which I use for various purposes and when I carry a largish knife in my pocket, it is usually an old style Griptilian since it is light. But I always have the Gator in my backpack or pocket when I am in the woods. I don't even remember how old it is - at least 10 years. It gets more rugged use than any other since it is functional, strong, easy to sharpen, comfortable, and inexpensive. I am not afraid to use it as a tiny machete or pound a rock on it to cut through a branch or small tree or even make a spear. And the handle is comfortable enough for tedious jobs and whittling. I much prefer the Gator's back lock to liner locks, which most other knives in this range have. If you keep it oiled and cleaned, and practice, you can sling out the blade in a fraction of a second as well as easily close and stow it with one hand. If I could only have one knife, it would be a hard choice between this one and the Griptilian. If I could have one knife that cost less than a hundred bucks, it would be the Gator. And it's way less than that!
i owned this knife the week it hit the market years ago i loved the handle and the shape of the blade this knife can skin 3 deer back to back and steal fill razor sharp the steel is awsome the handle is made out of this rubber that just wont slip even when covered in blood or mud i wish it had a pocket clip but it does come with a nice nylon case this is a great buy
I'm not sure what is meant in the description listed for this knife with the word "box" at the end, but the box it came in was cardboard,nothing unusual.However, this knife is a good quality knife for the money and the grip is perfect for those occasions where your hands may be wet and you need to cut through something tough using the serrated part of the knife blade.  Your hand will NOT slip on this "gator" grip!  The overal demensions are great, about 1/8 inch longer than a similar Gerber straight edged knife I have from Gerber (but it has a different handle).  I am very satisfied with the 3 Gerber knives I've bought thusfar, including THIS kinife, the smaller straight-edged (e.g. non-serrated) one I already had before this purchase, and the Gerber Prodigy (survival) knife I bought recently.
As usual Gerber does not disappoint.  I had a similar Gerber knife many years ago and loved it. Quality appears to have remained very high. the grip is comfortable and the locking mechanism seems solid. extremely sharp.  I have not had it long enough to comment on how well it holds its edge.  I would buy again and recommend it
This is a really nice knife. The rubber handle is a bit bulky in your pocket. Blade has staid shape for 7 months.  Broke the tip finally.  I abuse this knife and it's held up.
A little too big for me to carry everyday in my pocket (I wear slacks to work).  But I just repurposed it for camping and fishing and it is perfect.  High quality at a low price and made in the USA.  Cant lose with this one.
this knife is rock solid when open and its grip is second to none even in the snow and freezing wet conditions. ive used this knife for everything from carving my name into lean-to's on rainy days to opening cans and as said in previous reviews it doesnt hold an edge for long but thats why you carry a small stone or just hone it up before each trip. for the price i dont know why everyone doesnt own atleast one!
I've had this for a week now so I can't speak to its longevity but it seems like an excellent knife. It's light enough for everyday carry in jeans or dress slacks, but It's a good sized knife so be sure to measure so you know what you are getting because it does take up some room if your pockets are small.Grip: excellentLanyard clip: NoneOne-hand opening: Not possible so far (though I suspect a little silicone spray might make it possible)Lock: seems excellentBlade: I'm not a knife fanatic so I can't tell you about the quality of materials in the blade but I can tell you that the blade is very sharp out of the box! Also, I love the angled tip for ripping packing tape (on boxes) so I don't have to use the blade side.Knife made in United States. The case is made in China.If anything changes quality wise I will be sure to update this review. So far I'm VERY happy with it.
The best feature of this Gerber is its rubber grip. It is so comfortable in your hand. Wet or dry it does not slip in your hand. The steel is not very easy to sharpen but it holds its edge extremely well. You really cannot find a better general use pocket knife. If you're using this where there is a lot of moisture you will absolutely love the grip.There are only two things that I would like to have seen built into the Gator.1) a thumb "pin" so that you can open this one handed.2) a hole in the handle for a lanyard.I find myself turning to my Gator more than I do my Spyederco's, other Gerbers, CRKT's, Ka Bar's and Sog's. It's my absolute favorite utility knife.
Great knife. I lost the first one and had to get the same ASAP.This is like a Mini Rambo survival knife.And I do  say it is a great tool, not weapon..I carry it all day everywhere I go, except airports and court.
I have been using a Gerber E-Z out knife for about 15 years.  I have lots of knives, as I'm a collector but this is my go-to blade for just about anything from fishing to cutting up boxes.  For the price, it's hard to get a better knife.  I still use my old one after 15 years, even though my wife bought me this new one last Christmas.  There's no reason to ever second guess whether or not you should buy this knife.  It's a no brainer.  The newer one changed ever so slightly, but for all practical purposes it's the same one I've been using all these years.  Just get it.......trust me!
I have gone through 3 of these over the course of 15 years and I am about to order number 4.  I had one of the older ones with the solid blade, not the skeleton type.  I liked that one best and wish they still made that type.  I lost it in a movie theater 10 years ago and I still miss it to this day.  I bought another one and lost it somewhere in Appalachia.  I bought a third one and loaned it to a friend who offered to sharpen it for me before returning it.  When I got it back the handle was severely damaged, like he had tried to pry it apart or something, but I got another 5 years of use out of it before it finally broke.  Even so, the blade is still in excellent condition, razor sharp, and I will keep it for spare parts.It's one of the most useful tools I have ever owned.  I never feel right without one.  It is slender and sits nice and flat in your pocket, which means it's comfortable enough go everywhere with you, which means you will always have your knife when you need it.  It flips out smoothly, locks tightly, and keeps a nice edge.  Every other comparable folder I have tried has been too bulky or heavy compared to the E-Z Out.  This knife just feels "right" and I highly recommend it.
I have carried a knife of this design for over 17 years.  It is an outstanding quality knife and my oldest one (A model Gerber 450, 1995 Production Run) looks new after 17 years of carrying it.  Gerber stainless is the best and the knife holds an edge well.  I like the easy open one hand design using the thumb oval hole in the blade and you can open it with either hand.  I have big hands and the handle is large enough that I can securely hold it when working and I like the Kraton rubber inserts that improve your grip.Locking blade knives are the safest as the blade will not accidently close on your hand while you are working.  I love the serrated edge to cut tough items but yet you still have the smooth edge of the knife for more precision work.  I carry mine in my pocket but it does have a stainless steel belt clip on it.The 3  inch blade is the right size to work in the yard, garage, hiking or hunting with and yet still carry in inconspicuously in your pocket.  It is lightweight but big enough to get the job done when you need a full size knife.
I am not a knife guru, but I've owned about 6 throughout the last 10 years. This knife is the best I've bought in the price range. Sharp enough out of the box to cut up small game without frustration and can make short work of a deer. I recently bought another so I could keep one in my car and truck, for the price its justifiable to buy one to leave in the vehicle for emergency use.Happy to say it puts a great edge back on, I actually use an Accusharp knife sharpener for the straight edge, and picked up a "Smith's PP1 Pocket Pal Multifunction Sharpener" to handle the serrated edge (both on Amazon). I'm pleased with both of those products as well, I usually just use a stone to sharpen but these do a better job in less time.I purchased a straight Buck knife for around $70, and have found that it does a better job in cutting up larger game. If you are an avid hunter, I would recommend looking into a Buck, as it does noticeably cut my time and work down in the field. For rabbits, squirrels and the like I always go to this knife.
I spent quite some time researching and trying to find a pocket knife that I liked that was made in the USA.  Unfortunately the information about that is very sketchy online.  This one doesn't say it anywhere, so I took a chance and got lucky that it had the Portland, OR stamp on the blade.  I have been using it for several months now and have absolutely no complaints about it.  I love the cut outs on the blade for one handed opening vs. the typical thumb posts.  It fits in my pocket very well and was extremely well sharpened when it arrived.
This was my first knife, (the original version with only one thumb hole), and it's served me well for the past ten years. I loved it so much that a couple of years ago I bought the fine edge skeleton model. This knife is perfect for everyday carry. It's light, and the name "EZ out" fits it perfectly. My original one has been worked with for a decade, so it opens faster than I can describe, but the second one I bought came out of the box, and since I knew what I'm was doing this time,could open it just as quickly.It's light, has a comfortable grip, and a sturdy easy to use pocket clip. (It's not one of those you have to force like my wife's Buck Bantam, it just slides into place and holds securely there). The skeleton model is even easier to open with one hand than the original which only had one thumb hole. This knife is great when you need quick access and one handed opening capability. Perfect pocket knife, and razor sharp out of the box. Plus this is one of the few Gerber knives still made in America.But it's also tough enough to handle field dressing. I've gutted deer with this, and had no trouble at all. I've since switched to the Gerber Gator 2 with a gut hook since I'm now able to afford a few knives, but the EZ out was a great starter blade. I still carry my first one on small game hunts, and the second one clips onto the shoulder strap of my backpack/camelbak during hikes in case I need a quick weapon to fight off a bear.If I had use for a third one I'd buy it in a heartbeat. It will be the first knife my sons carry.
Awesome Sharp knife. Had the old version for about 10 years and never needed to sharpen. It was not the skeleton like this but they do not make the non-skeleton version anymore of this. My old Gerber disappeared one day and I was sick about it, had a lot of memories tied to that knife. LOL...So decided to get this updated version of the model called the e-z out skeleton that they are selling now. SHARP, HOLDS an Edge and just kicks bottom. Took about a week to get use to flipping the blade out with one hand and thumb but now have that mastered.Love this knife so much keep it beside the bed at night and it is the first thing I look for when getting dressed in the morning.
I went to a knife fighting school in 1993 or so.  This knife was recommended then.  I have been through about ten of them since then.  I always have it with me and believe me when I say it is extremely easy out.  With training and practice, it is the fastest out-of-pocket inexpensive knife on the market.
I own several pocket knives, and was looking for a relatively inexpensive one to carry with me (in checked luggage) when I travel. This Gerber Skeleton pocketknife is very light compared to my others and came very sharp. Seems to be well-made, and I was glad to buy an American-made product.
I bought the DMT diamond sharpening rod (fine) for a Henckels 8" serrated bread knife, it fits the curvature of gullets (i.e., the serrations) perfectly, also quickly sharpens a regular straight blade knife easily. Made in USA!
Had a Henckels International sharpening steel that came in a set with 6 or 7 other blades and a block.  It never seemed to keep things sharp, and in fact, I swear it made some newly sharpened knives worse.  Our son wants to be a chef and is currently a line cook, and when he saw our steel, he said it was so coarse that it was almost a joke.  He tried to fix up our Henckels International knives with his own steel, but the knives were too far gone.  I got the DMT diamond steel and it still has not done much with our Henckels International blades, made them better for sure, but has really ressurected som old Victorinox and Chicago Cutlery knives I took out of the basement.  Also fixed up my swiss army knife and Columbia River Knife and Tool pocket knife blades.  Worked so well I got a DMT serrated blade steel to go along with this item.
Just back and forward 5 or 6 times once every 2 or 3 weeks (depending usage) and it stays sharp.  This is better than using the brick.  After my research this product is worth the money and Amazon has the best price.
My wife and I cook a lot, using kitchen knives regularly.  Our GO-TO every day knife sharpening system is our DMT diamond steels.  I still use my water stones from time to time but it's hard to beat the edge I get from DMT products.  I bought two DMT diamond steels - Fine and Extra Fine.
This sharpening instrument should be used alongside its brothers, the extra fine and the ceramic.  Together they represent the best possible tools if the objective is to provide the sharpest possible edge on knives such as kitchen knives or large pocket knives.  If properly taken care of, they should last a lifetime to boot.  Use is not as easy as drag through carbide sharpeners, but it's not excessively difficult either.  Very good instructional videos are provided by the manufacturer.
Cheap, easy to use, TINY, no excuse not to throw in your gear to always have with you when you're in the field.  Perhaps should have gone with a medium instead, as I use it to bring back a quick edge when away from home but it works great as is.
This works really well and is perfect for my smaller 'emergency' bag. Definetly would recommend  it for its size and usability
I got this to keep in my day pack while hunting, The size is perfect, it folds flat and takes no space but when it is open it is large enough to sharpen my any of my knives easily, My everyday clip knife gets abused, and I was able to quickly get it back to a sharp edge in short order with this. A lightweight American made product that sharpens knives well, it will be in my day pack all the time now. A must have for western elk hunters quartering up an elk.
I bought a couple of these in different grits. They are really handy for keeping a keen edge on a working blade. My family is in construction, and I'm the only one who seems interested in doing much if any knife maintenance. I got this for my brother though so I don't have to resharpen the knives he uses as often, and it let's him keep safe sharp knives instead of dangerous dull ones. I may have to get a few more for other family members and then I might only have to sharpen my own knives.
Great sharpener, I keep it in my toolbox for work, saves my razor knife blades. Works great on my pocket knifes too, as I use both types, at work. Buy this item, and you'll be very pleased.
Even "fine" is a bit on the course side, but it can't be beat as a general purpose, compact sharpener--especially if you don't like the carbide "draw-through" type. Slim, light-weight, durable, and reasonably priced, hence recommended.
For years I've been &#34;sharpening&#34; my knives with those handheld sharpeners that have the &#34;V&#34;. I thought they were sharp until I tried this diamond sharpener. All I can say is WOW! It gets a very fine and sharp edge on any blade. Buy with confidence.
I carry this product with my camping/survival knife.. I played with it a bit after I got it, then packed it away in a travel box and that is where it lives.. Lucky for me I have not needed for it to work, but I think it will if I need it....
The fine grade sharpener is ideal for touching up blades.  Very handy to reapply edge at work site.  Size is perfect for the working person who require a sharp edge.
The DMT family of knife sharpening products are top shelf kit.  I use them in the kitchen and in the garage, from sharpening a shovel (yes, it really works better when the edge is sharp) to sharpening steak knives.  These were purchased to add to my truck tool box, small, easy to stow away.  They work very well, just remember to let the sharpening edge do the work for you, do NOT press down hard, you will just remove the diamond media and ruin the surface.
Good product. Great small set to put in a pack and use in the woods. Not really user friendly on bigger knife but it will get the job done. I wish they came double sided so I could carry just on but this is a great product non the less.
Great little stone set... These make a colorful gift and I keep a set of these with my luggage when I travel because they are lightweight and only need water for lubrication...
Fit in my ski sharpener tool and are excellent for honing a fine edge.  Use water sprayed on them and the ski, though, to lengthen life and increase effectiveness.
I've really come around to diamond sharpeners, and most especially to the DMT products.  All the DMT stuff is great.  These sharpeners are small enough to pack into a survival tin and I use them for field touch-ups of all my bladed tools. They stack one on another and you can wrap that with cordage, rubber bands, etc. There are no handles, you'll need to prop the sharpening stones against a flat surface, or, hold the stone as you would a file and move the stone across the blade (a good solution for a machete or large field knife).  A knife is considered essential for bushcraft, survival, and to me, everyday life.  Keeping that knife sharp is just important as having it in the first place. Don't get these as your first DMT sharpener, but get them for your 'always with you' bag soon.  Water clean-up, water to cool and clear the blade during sharpening.  Break-in consists of light use, but use normally, for a dozen or so times.  Keep rinsing and working the blade.  If the sharpeners need to get cleaned, sprinkle on baking soda and scrub with a brush and rinse.  No oil.  Ever.Clean, light, easy to use and keep up, small, essential.  Made in USA.
DMT need i say anymore. Flawless. Custom knife shapening . Highly recomend their products
A great little set of honing stones.  Use water rather than oil, does not require a lot of pressure.  Leaves a good edge, worth the money.
I have a decent collection of knives and swords, all of which I maintain regularly, in addition to a set of chisels and hatchets. These are a bit on the small side, but they are very portable, are easy to clean, and don't require oil for use. I threw a set in with a spare knife in my EDK, no regrets.
packs small so its easy to keep it where you might need it. diamond sharpener works with water adding to its portability. cuts fast, be careful.
In my opinion this is the best 'pocket' sharpening tool available.  The coarse and fine sides can handle just about any field sharpening chore and it provides enough sharpening surface to handle even medium sized sheath knives.  Highly recommended!
Over the years I've used oil stones and water stones, ceramics, electric sharpeners, Wusthof and other sharpening gadgets.This item beats them all. Four strokes of the coarse followed by four of the fine restores the knife edge to a sharpness I've never achieved before.
I've been using the DMT diamond "stones" for 15 years or so. Even when they appear to be "worn down" they still work just fine. They are my go-to for both house and field sharpening.The double sided F/EF is a great solution for a longer knife sheath accessory pouch, such as the Spec-Ops (which is 4" deep)Having a double sided grit sharpener like this is a huge benefit in the field over a traditional stone (especially if you have room for the handles). The red side works as a medium grit and the green side works as a fine grit; allowing you to quickly bring back an edge on the fly. The compact nature of the double sided/sandwiched system is what really shines for a limited space load-out such as in a long accessory pouch on a knife sheath or compact gear pouch. In it's original configuration, the double-sided Diafold is great, but if you need to conserve maximum space like I do, here's a little tip: remove the handles using a punch on the roll-pins. That will take the width down by 1/3... from 3/8" to 1/4". That might not sound like much, but it makes a huge difference when packing in micro storage areas like a knife sheath. For my use in the Spec-Ops sheath (Mini), due to the top flair of the inner kydex liner, I also remove the 1/2" handle attachment area (which otherwise works great to hold onto while sharpening). This results in the ability to store the sharpening system fully flat & flush in the 4" pouch, along with all my other critical gear  (a big fire-steel, a magnesium block, and a "smalls" Altoids tin full of micro-repair gear). Note: the small and large Spec-Ops sheaths are mounted lower than on the Mini model, so this cut-down mod is not necessary.)Summary:if you are space limited but want dual stone versatility, then buy THIS folding sharpener, and reduce it in size as needed.Highly Recommended!
Found this as I was looking around for a better sharpener for my EDC and other knives/tools.  This thing sharpened my Benchmade Pardue to be sharper than its been since it came new after half a dozen passes on the red and green each.  I definitely recommend this sharpener!
Keeps everything sharp that you might require personally utilize the red more than the blue but eh what are you going to do.
What can I say... It will sharpen your knife pretty well as long as it is under 5 inches. Also, I have had this for probably around a year and put a lot of miles on it and it seems as good as new. I do wash it off after each sharpening. This is really all you need but most people like to use finer grits to finish off their knife. Also, a strop is very helpful for maximizing sharpness. I would reccomend this product.
Its a sharpener. Very light and useful. Works seamlessly and i wouldn't hesitate to buy again. These sharpeners are a million times better than pull through sharpeners. I really have no complaints at all. The handle is cheaper plastic but i don't mind. Great product and better seller
Seems to work alright, fast and easy. A little tricky sharpening curves on certain blades, but this seems a little easier than other methods
I have used a lot of knifes over the years and always keep a pocket knife in my pocket. I never leave the house with out it and I always sharpen it.This sharpener is absolutely incredible. 3 slides on each side 3 times and flip it over to the fine side and 3 times on each side and it is razor sharp.Thank you for an awesome product!
I was looking for a small compact knife sharpener i could put in my pack for hiking and normal outdoor chores (hunting, fishing, bushcrafting, ect)... Well i just foung it. This thing is pretty amazing considering ive never been a fan of diamond sharpeners. I have a old school Remington 9" hunting knife that ive had for years, that was a pain in the ass to sharpen up until now. After a few mins of working it on both sides, the knife has made it out of my drawer and back into my rotation. It even had a small "nick" towards the end of the blade that i worked out with no effort. Ive brought alot of my old knives back to life because of this product due to the short time it takes to sharpen them. Now for me the edge it puts on the blade is perfect for what i use my knives for, but i do intend on getting the Extra fine Diaflod just to see how good it works. SO, if your looking for a good pack sharpener thats lightweight and works, you may wanna try this one out. Hope this helps...
I highly recommend this product!  DMT always makes extremely good quality very consistent products!  They are also made in the USA!This sharpener gets a lot of use around my home.  Definitely recommended!
I got 2 - 1 for the kitchen one for my 72 hour bag.The sharpener folds up nicely and is lightweight. I've sharpened kitchen paring knives, steak knives, multi-tool blades and my ESEE RC5 bushcraft/survival knife. This is simply a must-have for the kitchen and/or outdoor blade maintenance.
The DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse  is absolutely superb, it's carried (EDC) in my backpack every day.6 to 10 passes using light pressure with a few drops of water (or dry) and that's it... razor sharp.I never went back to 'ceramic' rods or time consuming Water Stones' after discovering DMT sharpening systems.I have been using DMT sharpening systems for several years.Products I own:1- For home use:DMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with BaseDMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with Base2- For EDC in my back pack:DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / CoarseDMT FWFC  Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse3- For my serrations:DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineDMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineI had an minor issue with my last item, a recently purchased 'DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener', after just'one' phone call to DMT's customer service four days ago, today I received a new replacement DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener.AND... along with it, a &#34;complimentary&#34; DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card Sized.DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card SizedAND... a &#34;&#34;complimentary&#34; DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone, Fine.DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone Kit of C, F, EThat in my opinion exemplifies a stellar &#34;customer service&#34; experience with DMT.
I recently purchased this sharpener and instantly put it to use.I have a CRKT Zytel M16 knife that the steel is so hard I could not sharpen to my liking.I stroked both sides of the blade with the coarse side a few times and switched to the fine side,its worked great,the knife is now very sharp with minimum of honing.In my opinion this is the best knife sharpener I have used,and I have a few-coarse Arkansas and fine,also a Lansky system and I find this the fastest and easiest to use.I give it a +1,buy it you wont regret the purchase.
Awesome little stone to have, fits in your tool kit, car, or backpack.  Use it a lot out in the field to touch up my knives.
best knife sharpener. buy the magna guide, you won't be disappointed.
Fast and efficient. Like most hunters and knife guys, I have a dozen different sharpening tools, but this is by far the fastest and easiest, and gets the job done.
This is a compact, handy, well made tool.  I debated giving it 4 stars because the handle material seems thin and perhaps a bit fragile, but, so far it holds up great and takes up very little space, all things considered. I also have a few Smith's diamond sharpeners and the DMT beats them all.  The folding design protects the surface when closed and provides a handle when open.  Tip: when using this as a typical bench whetstone, lean the far end of the sharpener on the table top.  Only add water or use it dry - anything else will gum it up.  Although this angles the stone, it steadies it, making for solid grining angle and surface.  I've sharpened a collection of knives and even got a really good edge on some scissors I was debating tossing - fist time sharpening scissors.  Look out edged tools!This is one of those tools I'd buy again to have a back-up.  MADE IN USA.
works great, my knife has a super sharp edge thanks to this thing.  fun/easy to use and are very compact
This sharpener is ideal for those seeking a quick, trouble free alternative to standard drag through carbide sharpeners or ordinary sharpening stones.  It is easy to use and actually performs better with time.  The coarse grain will set the edge rapidly, and the fine grain will set most knives to optimal sharpness.
This is a great sharpener, the coarse side will take away any chips or folds and the fine side allows you to get a fairly sharp edge. It's not as nice as some stones, but it's small and portable, which means I can use it while I'm out camping.
the red color side defineitely works. the green side? I think it works. anyways this sharpener will not give you hair popping sharpness. you need something finer than this. but this is very good buy it will give you working edge.also i do not recommand buying dmt extra extra fine stone. I have one of those but they don't work ... i thinkbut this one works
I have a quite a few knives in my collection, ranging from spyderco's, benchmade, cold steel, ka bar to name a few, and this sharpener puts an extremely sharp and fine edge on all of them. It even makes cheap Chinese made knives hair shaving sharp. The DMT is by far the best and most simple to use sharpening stone I have ever come by, basically no skill is required to sharpen a knife with it. And hey it's made in the USA right in Massachusetts so u get good American quality. Don't think about it, just buy it!!
So far it is sharpening my knives faster and sharper than the wet stones I previously used. Loving the stone.
These stones are the real deal. works better than I had expected! Just a few passes on each side brings back your blade, As long as it don't need major work. if it needs a lot of work, Like a really dull blade, the coarse single sided diafold will be a big help. I couldn't be more pleased in this purchase. Thanks DMT and amazon..  Pitbullman216
I have a saying.  "Give me your dullest knives, and I'll make them duller!"  I stink at sharpening knives.  Always have.  But since I purchased the DMT I've been able to keep all my blades in shaving sharp condition.  It does the job fast, and thats cool, because I can be impatient.  I have found that the fine side does most of the sharpening, and is adequate for most needs.  The lite, small, compactness of it makes it great for any trip where regular sharpening is required, ie. camping fishing, backpacking.  So for all you unskilled types (like me), you will be happy buying the DMT diafold sharpener.
Before this purchase my idea of sharpening knives are sliding the blade thru an electric sharpener made by chef mate.While it does the job well i totally ruined a Cold steel Recon tanto knife.I purchased this because of the reviews and the video.And after playing around with it i got to sharpen my Cold steel knife back to the way it came...well almost but its really sharp.My observation specially with the folding knife is the coarse actually provide a better edge than the fine.Like i mentioned its my first time doing it and so far im really happy with it.Now im looking around the house finding something to sharpen LOL.Bottom line if you want a sharpener thats easy to use look no further.Im going to order another one for camping and the other one stays in the kitchen.
I bought this as my wife had a diamond sharpener and her carving knifes are sharper than mine even though I used a whetstone and file. When it came from Amazon I sharpened my Beretta 2.5 inch, VG10 stainless, folding pocket knife,Trident modelin about 2 minutes.  The small depressions in the sharpener, are there for the purpose of catching the metal dust and filings and keeping the surface clean so theDiamonds in the surface can do their work. That was an excellent idea. The blade was so sharp, that drawing it across my forearm, the hair was cut clean to the surface. You won't go wrong with buying this sharpener.
I have owned this sharpener for some time now and use it to sharpen camping and kitchen knives.  It worked great.  Also, I would like to point out that DMT is a responsible vendor and respects its customers.  I had an issue with another product of theirs and once I asked a question on how I can remedy the defect.  They immediately responded same day with offer to send me a replacement, even though I didn't even ask for it.  Thanks guys.
I was new to sharpening. I sharpened my first knife with this, and really got hooked. I obsessed over getting all my knives to slice through paper... and I accomplished it lol.It took some practice, and patience, but I even straightened out an uneven grind on an Ontario SP 10 with this little guy lol!Bigger would obviously be better... but I won't use it enough to justify, and this thing gets the job done!
Really Liked this sharpener, quickly put a razor edge on all my backpacking blades.  Kukri, Leatherman Mutt, and my CKRT as well as 3 other camping knives.  The compactness is nice.
It is what it is a sharpener a very good sharpener if I do say so for myself. It can get a dull knife back form 30% to a good 90% in just a few seconds. I like it you should buy one of these instead of a cheap ceramic and steel handheld sharpener.
Diamond Machining Technology Inc. (DMT) has a patent on true crystalline diamond coatings for their sharpeners.  While others advertise diamonds, DMT's diamonds are truly sharp - making them the best functioning diamond sharpening tools available.  You can read more about this and how to use the products at their web site[...].  Never use oil on diamonds as it can clog the grit - simply use then dry or with a little water.  Use gentle pressure as the diamonds will do the work.  I consider this double-sided unit to be the best all-around "starter" sharpener with course (blue) and fine (red).  These two grits will meet most basic needs when used as directed.  To establish a truly keen edge, consider their alignment system which holds the blade and stones at a constantly perfect angle, ensuring a perfectly angled and level sharpened edge[...]- noting it may cost several times more as it comes with several more grits.  If you prefer a more universal power sharpener, consider the Work Sharp WSKTS motorized sharpener which is highly portable and flexible in its uses.  Finally, sometimes a good old metal file ("Bastard" type) is the best way to put a quick initial edge on larger items like shovels and axes.  Wear gloves and eye protection - and avoid breathing fine metal dust - be safe!
I like to put VERY sharp edges on my tools and weapons.  This makes that very easy and possible.  I had an old hatchet that I ground a rough edge on my bench grinder, then took it all the way down to a razor edge with this tool.  This can be used to sharpen everything from axe heads down to your kitchen knives.  I can vouch for this.
Sharpener  is  very  easy  to  use,  and  puts  a  fantastic  edge  on  knives,  tools,and  hatchets  in  short  order.  Easy  to  kleep  clean....just  rinse  off  and  dry!Keep  one  handy  in  your  shooting  emergency  bag  at  all  times!
I didn't want to spend around thirty bucks to buy a small sharpener but I did... and it works the best so far. I have a few of them no skill type sharpeners like the fur ozitech or whatever its called and that doesn't work very good at all, but this sharpener works wonderfully. It is a little slower and harder to master but it allowed me to sharpen a few knives to shaving sharp, which is exactly what I wanted and couldn't do...until now. Just buy one! I bought the fine xtra-fine because I didn't want to buy 2 and I wanted to be able to shave with the knife when done sharpening. If your knife is dull it may take longer to get it to sharp but it will eventually.
I've been using this sharpener for about a month and it is pretty good.  It has held up surprisingly well and when it gets dirty from extensive use, just wash it in the sink with dish washing liquid.  I had only a basic knowledge of knife sharpening before buying this sharpener and I can now make a blade "hair-popping" sharp using it, no BS.
I guess I could lay the DiaSharp stones on the bench, or maybe on a rubber mat, but the convenience of this base is well worth the $16 it cost.  I use mine at least weekly.
I first purchased two Diamond whetstones and they worked great. However the whetstone didn't always just sit there and not move during sharpening -- I purchased this whetstone base to hold my whetstone and allow me to use both hands to hold a large kitchen knife while sharping. It is so much easier now using this whetstone base.
This is a no-brainer.  If you purchase the bench stone, you absolutely need the base, otherwise I am not sure how you would even use the stone.
does what it says and nothing to shout about. Can fit 10-in and 8-in places, and 6-in DMT whetstones too.
DMT B8250 DuoSharp DuoBase - bench stone base is a no-brainer for sharpening knives with your multiple whetstone collection. This is a solid stand with the flexibility to hold stones of a wide size range. Recommended.
I love this base!  I use it with my new DMT sharpening stones and it provides a very sturdy and usable base for those stones.  Makes sharpening a LOT easier.  Easy to set up and easy to use.  I'm satisfied.  :-)
I toyed with the idea of making this myself out of PVC, b/c thats all it really is. but in the end it was worth the price and much easier. took 3 mins to put together.  and comes with two sticks and a ball!!!
This is a very nice street hockey set.  The sticks are very durable and they assemble fast with a phillips screwdriver.  The net is assembled by pressing the PVC tubes into the corner joints; Easy to do!  Both sticks work for left or right handers: Only slightly can you notice that one is for left and the other is for right.  However, we have all kinds of neighbor kids use them and they NEVER are concerned about the &#34;proper&#34; fitting of the stick.  They just use them....PERIOD!  Again, a great product and price.
I was impressed with the quality.  The kids love it.  So far, it appears it will last much longer than their usual toys like this.
This is a great hockey net for the kids to use on the street or driveway. It's very sturdy and still light enough for my 8 year old to carry it around easily. The netting, the posts, and the sticks are all great quality for this price. This has a lot of bang for the buck. I liked it so much, I thought I was ordering two more (to keep at the in-laws) but instead I accidentally ordered  Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White which has these flimsy little posts and I know it'll end up broken in no time. At least I have one solid net to rely on and two crappy ones as spares. I HIGHLY recommend getting this one over the Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White!!
In 1895, Karl Elsener thought of manufacturing quality Swiss Army Knives (SAK) to be used by Swiss Army, as he was irritated to see the Swiss using a German multipurpose knives during the military operations. What makes Victorinox stand apart from other (so called) manufacturers of SAKs are that it was formed by none other than Elsener himself. For almost a centuary, only two manufacturers ruled the SAK market they were: Victorinox, and Wenger. In April 2005, Wenger was acquired by Victorinox. Now the Victorinox has monopoly in supplying  SAK to Swiss Army, and to the retail civilian market.I am currently using the Victorinox Forester, and the Explorer, but my favorite is the Explorer, as it is comes very handy in your everyday's work. The most used features by me are: Philips screwdriver, scissors, magnifying glass, and of course the large blade.I am using Swiss Army knives since last 5 years. I tried Wenger (before it was acquired by Victorinox), and I was surprised to see the difference in quality. No doubt, Victorinox came out as the winner here. Exceptional high quality and attention to detail makes them the world's best Swiss Army Knife manufacturer. Don't even think of buying the cheap (made in China) SAK, you will just waste your money. So, the Victorinox is your best bet!
I have carried a Victornox knife for years with me for more than 5 years. I use that at work, home and on the road. There are many models I have, but when in doubt, I carry the Explorer. Simply because it have all tools needed for many different situations, with no fancy or out of purpose tools that will increase the size just to be there and not to be used.Victorinox has extreme good luck when designed this model, that is the all we need for 99% of the situations, and those 1% that Explorer will not fit, probably will need specific tools for the job.For me the main tools are the straight Phillips screwdriver and the scissors. The T shape Phillips screwdriver of the Thinker based models are not long enough to reach some deeper screws. The magnifier glass is handy for me to inspect some electronic boards and circuits. The corkscrew is the less used tool. I spent 1 more buck on a small screwdriver to put on it, so I have another function and make my knife better to the eyes.  It is not too heavy but not too light. It is perfect for jeans pockets.It is stylish, handy and useful on day-by-day. For those who need a really helper and companion for urban life, it is the best deal you can bet, by far.
Everyone knows Victorinox is the best...and in my opinion, as an all-around pocket knife, this is the perfect blend of functionality, affordability and moderate size.  Mine is in my pocket every single day.  I have kept a Victorinox on my person every day for the past (almost) forty years!  This one is probably my fourth or fifth.The pluses that distinguish this from other lesser knives.+ The Phillips head screwdriver is ON THE END- like a screwdriver...instead of a T-handle like so many others.+ Ball appoint pen.  I use it probably every week when I cannot find a pen in the car or when you just NEED to write something- even on your hand+ Scissors- other knives have them too, but they work well and I'm happy they are on this knife+ Magnifying glass.  It works.  Use it to examine splinters, plants (is it mites or dust?), used to use it to look at photographic negatives...+ Big blade for general use- small bade kept very sharp for when you REALLY need sharp+ Pin.  In the end under the corkscrew.  Useful for splinter removal and other things+ Tiny slot screwdriver resides inside the corkscrew.  When you need it, there it is!It's as if you left a SAK to evolve in the wild and reproduce if successful...THIS would be the survival of the fittest.If there were just a small pliers...One other improvement, I wish that one of the red side plastic pieces was solid magnesium with a flint rod.  In a survival situation, you could removed the handle side, scrape magnesium shavings and use the knife to strike a spark and start a fire.  (similar to Doan fire starter) I think would be a smart upgrade for Victorinox to consider.Hey, maybe they could even add a small knife sharpener as the other red "side" of the knife.  Wouldn't that be perfect?
I've had my Explorer now for about 23 years. My mom's boyfriend at the time was going to treat my brother and I each to any Swiss Army Knife of our choosing. My brother foolishly chose the Swisschamp. I say foolishly because it is too thick to pocket carry, and too thick for a comfortable grip. One gives up ergonomics for the ultimate tool set.I, in my infinite wisdom, chose the explorer. Even then, before the internet took off, I knew I didn't want one that was too thick, because I wanted the option of pocket carry. That is not without qualifications. This knife is 4 layers thick, so it does look a bit goofy if pocket carried in dress pants. But in jeans, carpenter's pants, or cargo pants, it is fine.The tool set is ideal for the typical urban or suburban person with an indoor desk job. Here are my thoughts on each tool.- Knife blades: Some folks use this as the all-around blade, and use the small blade as a sharp back-up. Others, save this one as a "clean  blade" for food prep, and use the small blade as the general purpose utility blade.- Can opener: Works smashingly well for opening cans. Better than the can openers on any other Swiss Army-type knife. More importantly for everyday use, is the small flat head screwdriver on the tip. Not only does it fit small flat head screws, but it can also be pressed into service as a #2 Phillips. (not important on this knife, since it already has a dedicated inline Phillips)- Bottle opener: Works very well. It will usually open a beer bottle cap in one try, and if not, two tries. I use the large flat screwdriver tip much more often, both for screws and as a little pry bar. The wire stripper toward the base is NOT useless. One simply has to cut a ring around the outside of the insulation of the wire with a knife blade first. Then, bend the wire over a bit, put it in this slot, hold the end with one's thumb, and pull. A wonderful tool.- Inline Phillips: (as opposed to a T-handle Phillips on the back of many Victorinox SAKs) Great tool. The fact that it is inline means that it is loads more useful than a T-handle version, because if the screw is right up against something, one can still use the inline Phillips. It also has a stop at 90 degrees, for extra torque.- Magnifier: A great tool, when needed. Some have pointed out that it can be used to start fires on a sunny day. Others like it as a tool to read small print. It even works well to really get a good look at that splinter or thorn tip that is buried in my finger before proceeding to "operate" with the tweezers.- Scissors: Wonderful. Probably the most-used tool on my Explorer. I use mine to de-tag new clothing, snip threads, and cutting out newspaper and magazine articles. You will likely find a load of other uses for it.- Reamer w/sewing eye: Very useful. I've used mine to punch and widen new holes on my leather belts and as an awl to start the hole where I will drill a hole in wood. The edge is sharp too, so it can be used as a general scraping and poking tool. Victorinox's reamer is much better than Wenger's. It's sharper on the tip, and it is sharpened on the side.- Corkscrew: This is another implement that some folks consider useless, as they don't drink wine, or they always seem to have a real corkscrew at hand when drinking wine. However, if one keeps an open mind, then one will realize that it is an EXCELLENT substitute for a marlin spike to help untie knots.- Hook: This is a tool that my pre-1991 Explorer doesn't have. However, my Super Tinker has it, so I will comment. Some folks consider this useless, as Victorinox calls it a "parcel hook." We don't really wrap parcels with twine any more, so it is useless for that. However, keep in mind that it is just a general purpose hook, that can be used to pull wires, strings, etc. from tight places, where one's fingers cannot fit it. Just remember you have it, and it will come in handy one day.- Keyring: Not really for attaching to one's keys, as this knife would overwhelm the keys and make it too clunky. I consider this as more of a lanyard ring. To those who find this knife too thick for pocket carry, a short lanyard comes in handy to pull it out of a belt pouch. Or, if one is out in the field, where fashion is secondary, fit a long lanyard, which can be attached to one's belt or belt loop.All that said, I would recommend you go for the new Explorer Plus, as opposed to this original model. The Plus model adds a straight pin, an eyeglass screwdriver for the corkscrew, and a pressurized ballpoint pen for the scales. These implements are well worth the extra ten bucks or so. The straight pin, especially, is useful when paired with the tweezers for removing those tricky splinters. The ballpoint pen works really well, and has saved me a trip on foot more times than I can count. (on another knife, since my old Explorer doesn't have it) I don't use the eyeglass screwdriver often, as I don't wear glasses.  However, it also has the side effect of smoothing out the profile of the corkscrew; it makes the knife more comfortable overall to grip, especially when using tools that hinge on that side of the knife.If you are a whittler, camper, etc. you may want to give up the inline phillips and magnifier for a saw, and get the Fieldmaster or something.Just so you know, I have probably 20 other Swiss Army Knives, and this one is my overall favorite, just edging out the Super Tinker. I also have a Tinker, Compact, Sportsman, Adventurer, '61 Soldier, '07 Soldier, Electrician, Classic, Minichamp, Rambler, Recruit, CyberTool 34, Hiker, Spartan Lite, Wenger EvoGrip S16, Spartan, and many others I can't recall right now.Update, October 16, 2013: Some folks complain about the magnifier being flimsy. It is thinner than the one on my Explorer, but not flimsy. It's just molded out of one piece, instead of two or three pieces like they used to be. Optically, it is about the same. It is strong enough to do its job, and was not intended to be super strong, like the large screwdriver, for example.I've been carrying this knife more in my pocket. One gets used to the four-layer bulk after a while.To clean pocket lint of of it: carefully open all implements, blades last, so you don't cut yourself. Blow out all the loose lint with your mouth. Get an old toothbrush or gun cleaning brush in there to get out the stubborn bits from the nooks and crannies. Close all the implements. Then, dunk it under soapy dish water, and open and close the implements, one by one, operating them several times each. Remove from the soapy water and rinse thoroughly with fresh tap water. Shake out all the loose water. Set it out somewhere to drip-dry for a day or two. Lastly, consider whether you want to add a tiny droplet of oil to each joint. The upside is that everything will work more smoothly; for a while. If you carry your Explorer on a belt pouch, this is probably the way to go. If you carry it in your pocket, the oil will attract lint, which will necessitate that you clean it pretty frequently.They work fine without oil. They just have a more satisfying *snap* when they are clean and oiled. ;)
Cuts well, all tools work well, though I cut myself accidentally when I first opened it, but it's alright.
I have had one of these on my key chain for over 15 years now; it's only been replaced 3 times and I use it almost daily. It comes with a removable plastic toothpick and tweezers. I love having a toothpick handy after eating out somewhere and the tweezers work very well. The tweezers do not have the strongest grip because they are very thin and therefore a bit flexible, but I have never had them fail to work and they have very sharp edges for getting out the finest hair and/or splinter.The knife and fingernail file/screwdriver are obviously useful in many instances; the only problem I've ever had is that if you are trying to remove/loosen a very tight screw it might close on you if you press too hard. The implements do not 'lock' into place, so you have to use some caution.The scissors were originally my primary reason for purchasing these and are fine enough to help trim your cuticles and strong enough for smaller cuts. They are definitely not super strong but definitely cut paper and thin plastic easily.Overall, these are a terrific gift for just about anyone and a great purchase for yourself. I've seen them in the store for upwards of $14 but you can get these for less frequently on sale at Amazon.
I bought a few of these for my family.  I think I still prefer the rally over this model since it gets rid of the scissors and adds a screwdriver instead.  Still, there is a reason why this is a &#34;classic&#34;!  You won't be disappointed with this small keychain knife.  I would suggest adding an extra keyring so the knife sits flush with your keys.  The one keyring it comes with will cause the knife to sit perpendicular to your keys, adding bulk.
I have had and used a Swiss army Knife for almost 40 years. They are wonderful -- I still have and proudly use the one I bought 35 yrs ago -- it's in fine condition (well, the scissors spring is another story...)And for FOURTEEN years I carried a little Swiss Army Knife in my pocket -- the little blade so sharp that even after 14 yrs I could stil slit open boxes and take them apart with this small but mighty vorpal sword. No matter that the scissors spring broke - that has happened on all of mine, and the scissors always worked, with or without spring -- but the rest of the knife stayed intact -- the toothpick rescuing me from awkward situations and the tweezer plucking an errant eyebrow, holding a small part like a mini vise, or rescuing the cotton ball in my ears that sometimes decided that it wanted to meet the other cotton ball halfway (kids, don't try this at home!)I rarely use the lttle screwdriver/file combo, but when I do, it delivers. I like to hold the plastic body of the knife and the bottom edge of the screwdriver at the same time while I am torquing up some screws as I feel that this way I will be delivering an equal amount of energy to a bigger area of the whole unit, thus putting less of a strain on the screwdriver blade.I loved mini-knife #1 -- and almost lost it a number if times, but this time, alas, it is gone..... and I can only hope someone found it and will cherish it as much as I did. How did I lose it? I bought a pair of pants from (NOT Amazon) .... and they were so horrible that the pockets literally tried to regurgitate their contents. I no longer wear those pants, as I almost lost my work ID and bus pass too.Yes I will always miss Mini-Knife #1, and am sad that my faithful friend is gone but I am so happy that I was able to get a replacement - Long Live Swiss Army Knives!!!
Bought this knife for a friend, the price was good, and it shipped quickly, I have no worries about the quality as I have carried the same one on my key ring for the past seventeen years, and its still going strong.
I received this knife as a gift a few years ago, and it's been a nearly constant companion of mine ever since.  It's not too big, bulky, or heavy to carry in my pants pocket, and it's extremely useful.It's got two cutting blades - a long one and a short one, it has a can opener/small standard screw-driver, a bottle opener/larger std screwdriver, a punch, a phillips-head screwdriver, a built in pair of tweezers, and a plastic tooth pick.  I've used the tweezers several times while hiking or camping to remove splinters, etc.This would be a great knife for a boy scout, an adult scouter, or anyone that likes having a pocket knife handy.The steel is high quality, it holds an edge nicely, and sharpens up quite quickly.All in all I have found my knife to be a top-notch item.  I'd certainly buy another one if this one were lost, and I'd choose this as a gift for a close friend.5 stars!
I will always have a Victornox Swiss in my pocket. They are small, sharp and they have a toothpick and tweezers. Couldn't ask for more. For what I need a pcoket knife for these are fantastic, fairly durable, at least for my uses. If I were doing anything more heavy duty I would carry an Old Timer. But the size of the Victornox and the functionality, I have kids, makes this a sweet tool for me.
I got these as stocking stuffers for my step-kids (they're adults, actually). All of them loved the knife and more than one told me how handy it was and wondered how they got along without them.
If you carry one of these, you'll forget you have it.  The Alox are extremely thin.  High quality.
Made a great gift to the girlfriend who never had a pocket knife. Now she finds reasons to use it all the time.I should have gotten it in pink, I was told.Great quality product at a reasonable price.
Baby McGyver all the way baby.  No need for a big clunky knife when this little one does it just as good.  Bonus is that if I lose it then it is inexpensive to replace.  Still haven't destroyed or broken one of these.  My biggest trouble is forgetting I have it in my pocket when I go to the airport.  A few airport security guards now have one nice knife in their pocket.
Always there for you in a pinch! Also, I love the scissors for trimming my nails and snipping the occasional hangnail. One belongs on every key-ring.
I have had these for many years.They are always dependable little pocket knives.I have one on every key chain in the household.
Obviously if you do a lot of cutting or need a companion on the trail, this is not the knive for you.If you need an easy to carry companion for every day use and something light for the office, this is for you.I can't tell you how many times I've 'spruced up' before a meeting, needed to put out a splinter, etc.  I've had mine for years!  It's a great investment.
I didn't know they made white ones until my friend showed me his.Victorinox may be rivaled, but never equaled or beaten!!This is the EDC size including knife and scissors if you wear a suit and can't carry anything bigger.
Got it today, way quicker than I expected or was said, it's so cute, it's tiny, got it as a gift for my fathers b-day who has all mac stuff, laptop, phone and think ipod, so this goes along with his style, didn't take it out of the box so as not to finger print it up, though it is really cute and think he will like it.  Has toothpick and tweezers.  Assuming like my old faithful swiss is sharp as can be though won't find out till he gets it.
I love these things!!  This one was bought as a gift for a niece and I hope she loves hers as much as I love mine.  It is really handy.  I keep it on my key chain.  I don't know what I'd do without it.
We own three of these little Victorinox Swiss Army Knives, two of them on our car key rings and another one for my son. This knife has a good collection of tools, including a very good pair of mini-scissors (really!), a nail file and small flat head screwdriver, tweezers, plastic toothpick, and knife.The knife blades were a little duller than I expected, but a few quick passes with my sharpenerAccuSharp 001 Knife Sharpenerput a very good edge on them.We also have several of the larger Victorinox knives as well (includingVictorinox Swiss Army Champion Plus Pocket Knife) and have never been disappointed with any of their products.Highly Recommended!CFH
Just like my other knives I keep one in each car and in my pocket at all times.  Love it.
A marvel of compact utility (3/4 oz. -- 2-1/4" long). Put it on your key chain. Except when going through airport security.All handy, especially the toothpick and knife blade. The scissors makes a good nail trimmer in a pinch.Somehow mine is extremely sharp after years of use.- - - Pricing - - -An amazing deal for 11 bucks. Compare alternate amazon listings for the best deal.
I wear this on my keychain. It has come in handy so many times that I can not count them all. What cracks me up is when, from time to time, someone at the office will ask if I happen to have any scissors, not expecting me to say &#34;yes.&#34;
Would make a great first pocketknife for your young ones, or for the car, or maybe even a keychain. Quality product as you would expect from Victorinox. Knife comes really sharp (non-locking), and scissors are surprisingly sharp as well. Highly recommend!
Bought this as a joke/gift for my girlfriend. Yes, it is a bright, hot pink, not a more subdued tone. It is surprisingly small - no longer than two inches in length. I personally own a Swiss Army One-Hand Trekker Lockblade, though, so this may be why I expected a larger tool. The blades are very sharp, and the knife works beautifully, My girlfriend and I are both pleased with this knife.
this is so far the best knife i have owned in my entire life. this is a great knife to go camping or fishing with. this is also an awesome knife for EDC and self defense. i feel prepared and safe with this knife in my pocket.my favorite thing about is that it's made in Switzerland. this is the best knife you will ever own!!!
Quality Product. Simple, Non-Bulky (Great for putting on keys). Whenever I have to open a package from Amazon, I use this. The box is no match for the knife.
I've owned a couple of these over the years and recently received a new one for Christmas. They are excellent and I carry it on my key chain every day. It's lite, small, well crafted and offers a variety of very useful tools for everyday tasks. And at around $12 they're basically giving them away. For me, it's the perfect key chain tool.
I bought this little knife as a birthday gift for one of my son's friends. The boy is about 12 and loves this knife. I believe that most boys of that age love pocketknives and this innocuous liitle knife fits him perfectly. One of the nice things about giving this knife as a gift was the nostalgic reminder of my own experiences at that age. Now let's hope he's less accident prone than yours truly...
Great gift for an outdoor kind of girl who happens to be part Irish. I got it for a friend of mine for Christmas, and she loved it. It's a good price for a quality SAK from Victorinox too. Either way, there's nothing like a Swiss Army Knife with or without the shamrock.
These little tools are the absolute best thing you can keep in your pocket for everyday use (but don't bring it with when flying).  I have had them for years and they continue to work as if they were brand new.  I keep a few handy for gifts as well.  They are well worth the money.  Highly recommended.
This is a great girlie knife.  It has the same tools/functionality as the classic Swiss small army knife but looks much nicer.  It is clear medium pink translucent with opaque pastel pink and medium lavendar color camo spots.  I have not kept it in my pocket, so I can't comment on how the design holds up while rubbing against keys.  I keep it on my desk to open boxes or use the other tools when needed.  The knife is super sharp, at least when new.
I was on a tour bus in Bavaria with 40 of my closest friends when a woman said, "Ouch, I broke a nail!"  I grabbed my Swiss Army Classic, flipped open the nail file and offered it to her saying, "This should help."  And it did - she was happy but it took about 30 minutes to get it back.  That's because someone else used the screw driver to fix his glasses. Another person used the tweezer to pick at a splinter. A fourth person used the scissors to cut some threads and so on throughout the bus.  Over the rest of the week, I must have loaned my classic to nearly everyone on the tour.I used to be able to bring it along when I flew, but those days are gone. Now, when I check luggage, I pack it with my toiletries - otherwise, it's always with me. I must use mine every day for something or other. I especially love the scissors.  They are sharp and work great at opening CDs, cutting articles out of the paper and snipping loose threads.  What else in the world is so good and so inexpensive?  Note, I didn't say cheap - because this knife is definitely not cheap.
This is the best keychain pocket knife you can buy. All the basic tools on it are very useful everyday , the scissors are probably the most useful, especially in a office environment.
For many years now, I have carried one of these small Swiss Army knives on each of my two key rings - one for work and one for home. Barely a day goes by when I do not take one of them out of my pocket to use once or twice - to quickly file down a broken nail, to tweeze out a small splinter, to cut open a small item with the scissor of something larger by cutting the wrapping tape with the knife blade - the toothpick is used daily! I cannot imagine being without one. Of course, I own larger and more multi-purpose knives, but when it comes to carrying something this handy on a key chain or ring, you just can't beat them!There are two major (authorized) manufacturers of Swiss Army knives: Victorinox, the maker of this particular favorite of mine and Wenger, a reliable alternative brand that makes many similar and some even nearly identical models. I have used both over the years and have found there to be absolutely no appreciable differences in the quality, durability or pricing of the knives. With so many models to choose from, it probably makes sense to decide which features you need and then shop both brands for the best price you can find. But back to the knife at hand, the SA Classic SD Pocket Knife.This is the one of the smallest knives in the Victorinox line. Measuring only about 2 1/4" long and about 1/4" wide, it adds little by way of heft to a key ring. It is a compact knife containing a total of 6 equally compact tools. This is not for the big things. This is a small knife with small tools to deal with small things. With expectations appropriately set, it is unsurpassed in it's usefulness as a basic daily tool.The ToolsThere are compartments on the outer casing of knife - each containing a small appliance. One is home to a small white toothpick that I have found to be entirely satisfactory - except that after a year or two of use, I seem to lose them. I think the molded shape wears a bit over time and repeated use and no longer holds itself snugly in the allotted compartment. They can be easily and inexpensively replaced though at any fully stocked retailer of the knives. On the opposite side of the knife is a compartment housing a micro-tweezer. Because it is so very small and light, it cannot be used as a regular tweezer, but only for light-duty needs. These include, I am pleased to report, removing small splinters and picking up objects too small for my increasingly clumsy fingers!There are three tools that fold into the knife itself, one of which has two uses - actually providing a total of four useful mini-tools. These include 1) a flat spring loaded scissor, a regular blade and a nail file (which, as a guitar picker, I use almost daily) topped with the fourth tool, a screw driver head, small enough to be used for either flat screws or Phillips head screws - providing that they are small enough. Don't misunderstand - the smallness of the tools does not render them either token or useless, but their size is a factor in their usability in real day-to-day life.MaintenanceThis is nearly a non sequitor, but in the interests of completeness, I will briefly address it.Years have gone by before anything beyond simple removal of dust and cleaning the instruments is required. One time, a blade seemed to be sticking just a tad and a quick and very short burst of WD40 took care of it - permanently. The knife is build to last until you decide you no longer want or need it.ValueThere are few things in life built for frequent use without planned obsolescence being figured into their design. This little pocket tool set is, happily, among them. For somewhere around $9., you can have something actually skillfully made that will serve you well and for a good long time. How many things can any of us really say that about?I love mine and would feel not only unprepared, but somehow naked - or at least disabled - were I to leave home without one.
I have been carrying a Swiss Army knife on my key rung and backpack for as long as I can remember.There is hardly a day that goes by when I do not need the scissor or the knife.The quality is excellent and I expect to be carrying one forever!
This is a true Victorinox knife -- great quality, very handy, and I carry it almost every day as long as I've got pockets. The scissors are nice and sharp. Really I use everything on this little knife -- blade, file with scredriver-ish tip, tweezers, scissors, even the toothpick.
a cute little pocket knife.had one before lost it didnt even get a chance to use it, in red color.so i got me another one in white this time,looks cool and cute put it on my keychain that i hook onto my chain on my wallet so i wont lose it .i hope i get a chance to use it this time .will come in handy when i need it.
The aluminum case is thinner than the plastic Classics.  I prefer that.  Its knurled surface makes it easy to hold.  And it's classy.
I got one of this knife as free item from Swiss army gift pack. I gave it to my 10 years old daughter who is a town boy loves it. It's very easy for her to use and carry it with her. Most likely she use it for craft work. Then she wants her friends to have it, so I bought all different colors for other daughters as birthday gift, even very girlish girl (she got pink one) likes the knife too. It's a very cute and excellent tool.
I love this little tool. Very useful and cool. Very high quality as is ALL of the Swiss Army products. Would highly recommend.
I wanted a small pocket knife and this is perfect. The quality is great and the tools are all useful... except the file.
now TSA approved, these are the best. I have a knife collection, and I carry a SOG Flashback, a Gerber Dime, and this knife daily. I rarely break out the SOG, the Dime only gets use due to its excellent package opener, but the Classic is in constant use. Mostly, I use the tweezers, toothpick, and screwdriver. I bought one for everyone I know!
I've been carrying one of these for about 20 years now. I wonder how I ever got along without it before! I gave one to my father-in-law, and he just rolled his eyes a bit. Now, he doesn't go anywhere without it. Knife, scissors, screwdriver, tweezers....covers just about every pesky little need that comes up and no other tools are available.
IBefore I lost my last one I have had several of these little Victorinox knives--I especially like the scisssors and the blade is really sharp and stays sharp. Wish there was some way to prevent losing them.
It's a Swiss Army Classic. It's designed to hang on your keychain. You may read some reviews complaining the scissors or blade aren't very &#34;robust&#34; or it doesn't have this or that. If you want any of that they make SAKs for that. This is if you need a few basic functions on your key chain for cutting tags (knife), trimming loose threads (scissors), eliminating a stray hair (tweezers) or getting lunch out of your teeth (toothpick).Now that the rant on unrealistic expectations out of the way, I can get back to the product. Victorinox continues to do a nice job with the Classic. Quality is what I expect from an SAK, small and functional little knife. I carry it every day just like my Dad taught me.
we purchased this product for my son for his first knife to be used on his scouting campout. he loved it. he still carries it around in his pocket and he used it when he can. it's perfect and a must for everyday use.
I love Victorinox army knives. I carry it on my keychain and it always comes in handy. It's small, but has everything I need in it.
i have used one of these for twenty years with no problem except i tried to cut some thick wire with the scissors and messed them up.. otherwise this is the best tool ever
I love these things.  Perfect for a keychain.  Has exactly the tools you need, and nothing more.  Small as you can get to have the tools you need.Funny story, I always have one of these on my keychain and I forgot to take it off when I was getting on a plane.  It was confiscated, so I used my phone on the way to the terminal to order a new one with Amazon Prime, and it was waiting at my doorstep when I got home.  I heart capitalism.
Better than a pocket in a shirt.
Irish/Celtic Swiss Army pocket knife. I carry it at all times. Never leave home without it. Always have a use for it, it so versatile.
I have had one of these for 20 years, of course, not the same one as with all it's versatility and usefulness they get lost or broken (when not used properly).  Great for gifts, too.
For a keyring I want as small as possible, and this has exactly the minimum set of features I need.  Squeeze a bottle opener in there and it'd be even better (double up with the file?).  Also, why not have a double-sided file?Still, this is a great little knife and much nicer IMO than the standard ones with the thick plastic handles.
practical, basic, good little thing to have on your key chain.  Lots of flavors to choose from.  Scissors, although small, work well.  I have  one on my keys  and recently bought another to give as a gift item.  It was well received.  Excellent gift item.
I have bought these at Target, Walmart, Amazon, and probably other places - I've bought so many I can't remember.  My last several have been from Amazon and have been very happy with the service.All I need is a little pen knife and I appreciate the size and the tools that are included.  I sharpen the blade when it gets dull and eventually I replace the whole knife when I lose it (like happened the last time) or just starts looking too worn out from being in my pocket with my keys, etc.I expect that I'll keep buying them for the rest of my life.
Each year, I give these little classic knives as gifts to an assortment of people.  With the restrictions on knives on aircraft now, they are always appreciated.  Since owning and using these on a daily basis for many years, I have yet to have one break or be problematic.  I do oil the hinges every year or so at least, more when the knife is used often.  It's the most basic knife without bells and whistles and I love it.  They are offered in a wide variety of colors and patterns and usually can be found for $10 or less.  The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is the best in it's class and at the low cost, it's not heartbreaking when one is lost.  It's also nice to have a couple on hand in the gift box for the times when someone compliments mine -- I give it away and know that I have a replacement at home.
I love these little seven function knives which are made in Switzerland.  It fits easily in any pocket even attached to a keychain.  The tools are: knife, nail file, screwdriver, scissors, tweezers, toothpick, and key ring. Although it's not big, I have found that it can be adapted to do many things. The knife you have &#34;with you&#34; is much better than the bigger one you left at home.  The scissors and the knife blade are quite sharp and are made from good steel.  A friend that I gave one to discovered a new use.  If you pluck the tweezers like a tuning fork it makes a musical note.  Great if you can sing. The white color is very nice looking.
First of all, great price. This is the classic small Swiss Army knife, only 2 1/4 inches long, but comes with the most basic tools you need: a knife, scissors, file, tweezers and pick. The best thing about it is it's small and not bulky. You can keep it in your car or office for small emergencies. Both the knife and the scissors are sharp. This is a very well made knife, high quality everything, and a keeper.
I love this tiny little SAK. It's manufactured with very good quality and is super handy to have on your keys.Not a single complaint!
Great build quality, functions like a victor inbox should but with a beautiful royal blue color. I would not hesitate to replace it if I ever lost it.
To me, these knives are like socks in the dryer. Every so often I just lose one. But like socks, I use this knife daily. Not as a knife proper, but to pick on things, open this or that, fasten or tighten a screw. I finally learned not to use my teeth to rip on packages and find this knife in my pocket instead. The small jeans pocket. This should be a standard issue, everybody should have one and the TSA should lay off. Nobody is going to highjack a plane with this one.
I have been carrying one of these as long as I can remember, at least 20 years.  It is the most usefult single thing I have.  My wife always raises an eyebrow when I say that.  I call it my WMD (Weapon of Minimal Destruction).This is the Victorinox version.  There is also a version made by Wenger.  As I understand it, Victorinox and Wenger are at odds about who is the "original" swiss army knife.  I don't care who is right about that, but I think the Victorinox version of the knife is nicer.  It's a bit thinner, operates more smoothly, and is finished a little nicer.
I have owned many different Swiss Army and leatherman knives.  In the end, the only things you really end up using are the scissors and the blade.  This has both of them - although they are quite small.  This is not one of the full size knives.  This is more of a "keychain" knife.  Although you will need to be careful not to take this to the airport.  I keep one of these in my desk drawer at work and another near the front door (for use opening packages.)
I've owned several of these knives some I've lost, and some I have given away to friends. I am one of those guys that is never without a knife.  I can't always carry a full size pocket knife as a nurse, so when I'm at work this is my blade of choice. It is a simple but functional item. I have used every feature on the knife and they all work like champs! Even when I do carry a full size pocket knife, I still keep this one in my pocket. Bigger blades can be nice but often they are overkill for the average task. It is small, light, non-bulky, non-threatening, and super functional. I don't know any person that wouldn't benefit from this classic little pocket knife. ALWAYS the perfect gift. If you want thinner, go for the alloy one without the toothpick/tweezers.
I put this on my keychain and use it a lot more than I thought I would.  The little knife and scissors are great.  The tweezers are handy too.  Read the description, this is a small knife, but because of that I can keep it with me and actually use it.  I think it was a good purchase.
just like the title says.  this is an authentic victorinox product and it's a classic.  star of david just makes it personal.
And I already lost it before I could give it away for Xmas.  Nonetheless, I took it out and played with it a little and it's a perfect little knife for a key chain.
Keeps on ticking.  Had my wife's knife confiscated by the TSA recently. This is a replacement.  I am sure it will continue to provide great service until lost or confiscated by the TSA again!
This little knife and pocket tool certainly eternalizes its name, classic.  It is what every young kid strived for when then were young and for good reason, it is useful, compact and lightweight, and affordable.  This triple threat makes the Victorinox Classic a truly useful blade.The blade itself came to me legitamately SHAVING sharp.  It will pass the paper cut test with flying colors and will hold an edge for a fairly decent amount of time.  I have had mine for a number of months and it still continues to shave.  However, keep in mind, my use has been limited and only for small tasks.  After all, this knife is TINY.  That being said, we must choose realistic jobs for this knife, such as opening mail and small boxes, opening packaging, and cutting that stray strand of string hanging off your t-shirt.  The 420 stainless steel blade still will dull, but its easy enough to sharpen with a wetstone or ceramic rod.Next, we need to look at an excellent nail file and screwdriver combination.  The file itself works well, not being too gritty as to hurt your finger and not being too soft as to not serve a purpose.  It finds that happy medium of comfort and effectivness.  The screwdriver tip proves most handy.  I actually used this screwdriver on a Phillips that fell out of the inside trim of my truck.  Its a '95 F150, so its old and the entire side panel on the door fell off.  I located the screw on the ground and inserted it back into the hole and screwed it back in with ease.  I would not recomend really putting too much strain on a job like this, but it will offer a temporary solution to an unexpected issue.  This tool leaves you prepared!The scissors are also a handy item included with this knife.  They are extremely sharp and will precisely chew through paper and other managable materials.  Once again, this is small tool that can do SMALL, everyday jobs.  Do not try to cut through a chained link fence with this thing.  Choose your battles wisely.Like most Victorinox Swiss Amry Knives, this tool includes the reliable and famous tweezers and toothpick.  The tweezers are of high quality but do not have precision accuracy as seen with other more expensive pairs of tweezes.  But with practice, you'll be able to master the art of splinter removal.  The toothpick is essential for those nights out at the restaurant after a nice steak consummution, leaving stringing remains in your bicuspids.  This thing will dig 'em out no problem.Overall, this Classic is excellent for a keychain edc knife.  Sure, the handles will get beat up and scratched but it only gives the knife more character.  Over the past few months I have felt reliant on this handy micro tool and do not plan on removing it from my EDC (everyday carry).  The tools are of the reknowned Victorinox quality and will withstand the test of time. I am sure ANYONE would find some sort of use for this tiny, but powerful knife from an excellent company.
I love this mini swiss army. I carry it everyday and I use it almost everyday. It is super small and skinny so you don't even notice it in your pocket. I have actually dropped one out of my pocket and lost it before so that can be an issue for others. But I think everybody should carry one of these on them at all times. Highly recommend!
I purchased three of these, one for my keychain and two for gifts. They took quite some time to come but arrived in near perfect condition. The only defect was that one of them had a deformed but still usable key ring. This is easily replaced. The blades are extremely sharp and smooth. I use mine almost every day and have been completely satisfied with the purchase.
Elk Lake, Oregon is one of the major re-supply places for hikers on the Pacific Crest Trail. Every year, a handful of through hikers will attempt to walk border-to-border on the trail. They generally start in Mexico in April, and start trickling in to the Elk Lake Resort about August. They need to get to the Canadian border before the snow flies.I was eating lunch at the resort two years ago, and noticed a young lady trekker at a picnic table. She was loading her pack for the next section. She had opened her re-supply box, sliced a chunk of cheese, opened several large packages and cut a shoelace, all with her tiny, Classic Swiss Army knife.The Classic had been her only knife for nearly three months on the trail."It's all you need," she commented. "I have to go lightweight and I don't carry an ounce that isn't needed."For lightweight hikers, who go long distances with minimal equipment, a Classic may be a reasonable choice. On a trail like the Pacific Crest or Appalachian, you'll seldom be isolated from other hikers for very long if you need help.If you're out on a dayhike with a large group of well-prepared hikers, you may not use a knife at all. But (DANGER!!! DANGER!!! SURVIVAL COMMON SENSE ALERT!!!) that doesn't mean you don't need a knife.Get separated from the group, off the beaten path in the backcountry, or in some sort of wilderness survival situation and you may desperately need a real survival knife.Calling a Classic a survival knife is quite a stretch, and I'd never carry that knife as my only survival tool. But it doesn't matter where I am, or what I'm doing, if it is legal, I have a Classic with me.In most areas, it is socially unacceptable to wear a sheath survival knife with your dress or business suit. But at 2-1/2 inches long, a Classic is virtually un-noticeable. (Don't try to take one on an airplane or into a courthouse ! The Classic does show up on metal detectors!)If an emergency develops in an urban, business office environment, maybe all you'll have are the survival tools on you. And I'd much rather have atiny knife, than no knife at all. A Classic can be an important part of your survival gear.Here's what you get with a Classic:The best tweezers in the world: The value of this is easily seen when you get a sliver in your finger gathering firewood. If you go outdoors with kids, this feature alone makes the knife worth owning!Toothpick: Removes annoying food debris from your teeth.Scissors: Great for cutting anything. I've used mine at weddings, in the office, on campouts and for trimming unruly facial hairs. I've used the tiny scissors to cut bicycle tubes, Moleskin, ribbons on packages, duct tape and bandages.Blade: The 1-1/2 inch blade can be sharpened easily, and cuts well for its size and design. In an emergency, the tiny blade will probably work much better than a sharp piece of glass, broken beer bottle, or jagged rock cutting tool that you have to improvise.Fingernail File: For a survival situation manicure? Actually, tear the corner of a fingernail in the backcountry and you'll be really glad you have some way of filing off that jagged edge!Low cost: A Classic is cheap. In Hawaii, I bought a Classic for $12 and used it for a week. I presented it to the baggage handler as we boarded the plane for the mainland. At one post-Christmas sale at a major department store, Classics were going for $3 each. I bought all they had. Watch for sales and you can get really good deals. Classics make great gifts, and could be a great prepper barter item.Here's a tip to add one more tool. Take a Dremel tool and grind the end of the file so it fits the hinge screw of your glasses. Nobody ever has a glasses screwdriver when you need one!Outdoors, depending on the terrain and activity, I may take several different knives that are used for special tasks. As an overall survival and big game hunting knife, I use a Cold Steel SRK.For upland and small game hunting and cleaning fish; camp chores such as whittling wiener sticks, spreading peanut butter, peeling potatoes and chopping onions, and other mundane tasks, I generally carry a Frost Mora knife.For everyday carry, either in my pocket or a belt pouch, I prefer a thin, two-layer thickness knife with multiple tools, such as a Swiss Army Tinker.Occasionally, I'll take along a multi-tool. My favorite over the last ten years has proven to be the Leatherman Wave.When it comes to weight, the Classic is the lightweight champ, tipping the postal scales at one ounce. The Swiss Army Tinker weighs 2.5 ounces; a Frost Mora also weighs about 2.5 ounces (5 ounces with the six feet of duct tape wrapped around the sheath) and the SRK is 8 ounces, with 2.5 ounces of duct tape on the sheath.Carry a Classic in addition to any of these larger knives, and you have an effective multi-tool set. In and of itself, the Classic is an inadequate survival knife. But combined with a larger knife, the knife will prove to be worth its weight in gold.So get a Classic and add it to your survival or prepping gear. As happened to me, you'll go from wondering what good the dinky little knife could be, to wondering how you got along without it.(Leon Pantenburg is the author of SurvivalCommonSense.com and an avid outdoorsman.)
I have the Victorinox Classic SD in both the alox and plastic scales. It goes without saying that both knives offer a useful assortment of tools and high build quality in a very small and lightweight package. The question is which version should you buy, and I will list the advantages of each model below, based on my experience.Alox version:* Scales are more durable and will not scratch or crack* Solid scales means the knife is easier to clean and dry off* Slightly lighter and slimmer, will fit into tighter spacePlastic version:* Has toothpick and tweezers* Smooth scales have better traction* Wider handle provides a better grip and more control of the knife while cutting* Doesn't make as much noise when bumping against other items on the keychain* Is typically cheaperThe verdict:Plastic version is the winner. The wider, smoother handle provides a noticeably better control and grip of the knife in tasks that are more demanding than opening envelopes - for example, peeling and cutting an apple (yes, the little blade can do it). It gets scratched against keys, but it's no big deal, and I haven't had one crack on me yet.I also have the Victorinox Rambler, and that one offers several advantages over the Classic - mainly the extra tool and a key ring positioned at the opposite side of the blade. That one is my preferred model out of the three.
I am unable to imagine myself going somewhere without my Swiss Army knife (except a plane, of course).  This 2 1/4 inch all-purpose tool is always on my key ring, and is useful for about 70 or 80% of those cases where you need some sort of tool but the tool box is inaccessible.This gem has a tooth pick, a pair of tweezers, a sharp knife, a nail file, a screwdriver formed on the end of the nail file, and a pair of scissors.  I have probably used the knife and the scissors more than any other tools.The knife and the tweezers are useful for splinters and thorns, and thus the tweezers often become the third most useful tool.  I must admit that occasionally I use the toothpick, particularly when real toothpicks are not available.The screwdriver is small enough that it can also fit into a Phillips head screw.  I have even been able to use the flat blade on some small hex head screws.The difficulty with carrying tools is that they can fill your pocket very quickly.  This small Swiss Army knife is small enough to fit into a purse or a pocket and yet large enough to be useful.  While the larger Swiss Army knives have even more and larger tools and blades, they are also harder to carry.  Of course this particular knife will not replace a tool box, but I find it amazing how many tasks I can accomplish with the simple tools available in this gem.
i have one of these and my girlfriend wanted one for valentines day. I found this one in pink and it is the real deal, just in pink. We both use ours all the time. Having this on your keychain comes in handy very often. Its small enough to put on your keys, but sharp and durable enough to cut open stuff with all the time. And you never know when  you are gonna need a toothpick!
Outstanding pocket knife. Very sharp Very handy.
Fits right in your pocket without much notice, and it never ceases to amaze me at how often I call upon its tools.
I purchased this for my father's birthday presenthe loves itIt is the bare minimum thobut still nice
I was looking for a long time for a small knife to carry on my keychain.  I like my keychain SMALL .. I cannot stand bulk.  Prior to this knife, i had 2 keys and the keyfob from my car - that's it.  Most other &#34;keychain&#34; tools are huge/heavy/bulky.So, after I got this thing, I'm impressed at its overall length and weight.  The length is maybe 1/4&#34; larger than your typical house key and the weight is negligible. The tools work well for nail maintenance and small tasks you'd use a tiny knife for.  The alox scales are awesome and seem like they'll stand up to abuse for years. One thing to know if you've never had a real Swiss Army Knife but only knockoffs.  The construction is a LOT better.  For instance, the scissors are tight, sharp and the rivet holding them in place seems very tight.  The other advantage of alox is that the knife is thinner than the plastic-handled equivalent.
This is a very small, basic function knife, perfect for carrying in my road bike bag. It comes with scissors and tweezers build in, as well as a super sharp blade. A perfect mate to my biking tool for long rides. I'm very happy with the purchase
I just picked up another one of these timeless Classics yesterday in the BLACK version. This was my very first pocket knife (RED VERSION), when I was a kid. This is by far the most familiar pocket knife truly known the world over by millions of people. I love tradition and VICTORINOX is one of the very few companies left today that survives because of tradition. At this price, for this quality, I think everyone should have at least one of these outstanding Classics. I can not think of a single negative thing to say about this perfect little knife. I want to get every single color and variation of the VICTORINOX Classic Swiss Army knife. I have other VICTORINOX models and they ALL are excellent in every way and I love them. For some reason this little Classic is honestly my favorite. I even have it with me now as I am typing this review and it's big Brother the VICTORINOX SPARTAN. I really need to purchase the Classic in the PINK version for my Daughter. This will be her very first pocket knife as well and I know she will never forget the day she got it.
Very handy little tool,or should I say tools.  I had one before and after many years of service broke. Now received it for Christmas and will have it for many years to come.
When I opened up the package, I was astonished but very pleasantly surprised to find out how *small* this is! The red housing measures 2-1/4" x 1/2" (dimensions exclude protrusions from the tools contained within the housing). This makes it real handy to take along with you on camping trips or on hikes. It is small enough to attach to your key chain (it has a ring for that purpose).I'm simply amazed at the quality of the craftsmanship. The ruby red plastic (I picked the ruby red version of this knife) is transparent, not opaque like the housing of a classic Swiss Army knife. It contains some of the most essential tools for a survival toolkit and then some:1) Scissors2) Knife3) Tweezers4) Screwdriver (Flathead)5) File6) Toothpick - Eew! Gross!The knife and scissors are EXTREMELY sharp. The tweezers come in very handy if you ever need to extract a thorn or a stinger from a bee from the flesh. The tip of the file is a 1/8" flathead screwdriver. As for the toothpick... use a disposable toothpick for chrissake!---The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife contains many indispensable tools for when you're out camping or hiking. The built-in key ring makes it easy to attach it to your key chain so that you can bring it along everywhere you go. Highly recommended!
I use this knife at least once everyday:1. Open mail and packages with knife in a flash, no paper cuts.2. Use scissors to trim sleeping baby's nails, so sharp they work perfectly and do not create ragged edges like baby nail clippers did.  Also, they fit perfectly in my hand for highest precision trimming, I've never nipped her ever.3. Tiny screwdriver is a life saver!  I used it to fix our towel rack in bathroom and it is perfect for opening battery hatches on baby's toys.4. The tweezers are very good, I use them to keep my eyebrows groomed when I have a free minute anywhere.5. I use the toothpick all the time.6. All tools help keep natural nails groomed.7. Perfect to trim stray threads and such when out of the house.8. Have used blade to cut flowers (with approval) to bring home while out on walks.9. Have used screwdriver/file to pry out spent car fuse while out.10. I keep these with me all the time on my key chain with a clasp, instant removal for ease of use.I recommend having a knife like this with you at all times, you never know what will come up and it is so nice to be a bit prepared.
We use the scissors all the time.  This model is noticeably thinner than the regular plastic scale versions, which I like.
I'm liking this little guy. I have tried so many keychain tools,..the Gerber Shard was my last experiment, but finally got tired of poking my leg when in the pocket, or jabbing my fingers when reaching into the pocket for it.  I'm not sure if I'll ever use the scissors, but they sure are sweet to play with! The blade is so tiny it's hard to call it a knife, but...so far it's sliced it's way into my heart, metaphorically speaking, of course, otherwise I'd probably be in ER instead of writing this review,..
Another of my pocket knives became the property of the TSA (didn't see the extension of the &#34;no pocket knife&#34; rule for flying).  Consequently, I was in the market for a replacement.  Why mess with perfection?  I've had a dozen Victorinox knives over time and have never been disappointed.  My new one is no exception.  Highly recommended.
Small and lightweight. Weighs approximately 0.6 oz...perfect for the keychain. If you only need basic tools, I can highly recommended this Swiss army knife.
I ordered this knife to replace one I've had for a good while. It is just as nice as the original knife. I like these flat little victorinox pocket knives.
A light weight well-made medium duty knife with lots of handy uses - what's not to love!With a price like this, you could stash these in your house and car/truck for the price of a pizza - two thumbs up!
I purchased this a year ago when my husband lost his. He's owned about 4 and has never had a problem with any of them. Unfortunately, he's lost all the rest. So, I bought him the new one and, of course, he loves it.
Good knife, easy to carry in a pocket, small enough to go lots of places, we always use the scissors at family holiday gift opening.
Stocking stuffer for my son.  Cool to find the Shamrock one as his birthday is St Patty's day.  Glad they come in something other than red now.
Kidding,  I've had the Classic SD for about 2 weeks now and am in love with it.  I bought it as a set along with the larger Tinker.  All tools function well.  My favorite is the toothpick.  The fingernale file comes in at a close second.  the little blade is sharp and workes well for its size.  This would be a usefull peice to add to a first aid kit, but this one travels in my pocket as my mini EDC.  Funny how quickly a small multi tool can become indespensible.  I rotate all my other blades, but this one is my constant companion.  Now if only they would add a corkscrew.
It's very thin and a bit smaller than expected, but I think it will do a fine job for what I bought it for.  I just wanted a simple knife to cut open Amazon (hah!) packages at work and to file any rough nails from snagging on drawers and such.  I'm sure the scissors will come in handy too.
I carried one of these for years and mostly took it for granted. That is, until I lost it, and then realized just how often I used it and for how many things. This new one is exactly the same (minus some scars and dings) and I feel like I have my old friend back. Arrived very quickly and exactly as described.
Bought this for the wife, she loves it. She thought I was nuts because it comes with a toothpick but she uses it everyday, and what woman doesn't use tweezers?
It's funny to me that this Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is actually labeled a "knife."  Like other Swiss army knives, there are multiple functions.  I've used the scissors more than anything, but the single slim knife blade does come in handy.  Unless the TSA takes it away,  eventually the spring for the scissors will eventually break, and you'll lose the toothpick, the tweezers, or both.  Then, perhaps, it's time for a replacement.  Until then, however, you have a fabulous mini utility tool to help you with your life functions!
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriends birthday, and she really liked it. It's just as functional as the normal classic, but with a camouflage coat that assures you will not be spotted while hiding in cotton candy. ;) The knife is sharp and perfect for simple tasks, the scissors are sharp and well designed, and the nail file/screwdriver does its job. Comes in a simple package and is the perfect size to put on a keychain.
I have a number of Swiss Army knives - but they're all the bigger, bulkier sets. They are awesome, but as a girl, and at work, they're not always convenient or welcomed by others. I use the little scissors all the time. Unlike knock-off brands, the scissor blades touch and actually do real cutting where you want it.
You need this tool.  The sharpness of the scissors is incredible and it will last for years.  I have had mine for 10 years.  Still works great.
It is not because I wear them out. Victorinox Classics are like the bulk pens we bought for school as kids; we ALWAYS lose them before they are used-up. I've lost two to the TSA, because I forgot to take it off my keychain, prior to getting to the airport for a carry-on only trip.The two before that, I carried strictly as pocket knives. I even ground off the nubs to which the key rings were attached. These are so small, thin, and light, I just don't notice when they fall out of my pants pocket. I carried them as pocket knives because when they are on a keychain, they are much harder to use, especially the tools nearest the keyring.Nevertheless, I like them so much, I keep buying them. If you are happy with the tool selection on these, they are hard to beat. If you want a bit more tools without much additional weight or bulk, check out the Rambler or Manager models. The Rambler adds a combo tool with #1 phillips screwdriver and a bottle opener. The Manager is like the Rambler, but with a retractable pressurized ballpoint pen built into the handle. (it is a super useful, high quality pen too) The only problem is that those models cost about double the price of the venerable Classic. Since I keep losing them, it is better to just make do without the bottle opener and get the cheaper Classics.If you keep your eyes peeled, you can score these for $10, but only with the red handles.I highly recommend this product, and never leave the house without one. Everyone in my family has one of these on their keys, and the ladies even like them. (nail file and scissors are the most-often used tools by the ladies)
I get these for gifts all the time, especially for the women and girls in my life. Like all other Swiss Army knives, this little gem comes shaving sharp right out of the box; the scissors are also razor sharp.
It turned out to be a lot smaller than i expected. I had a bigger one before but someone stole it :-( So I went ahead and bought this one. Comes in real handy.
My girlfriend was elated and pronounced the knife &#34;cute&#34;.  She was amazed at the sharpness of the knife blade and the precision fit of the scissor. Victor has been making unequaled knives for a long time, and this is one.
I buy one of these gems whenever I see them on sale for a good price (anything below $15).  These knives are an indispensable part of my "life equipment", they hold their edge, scissors are strong, sharp, tweezers are precise and strong.  I only speak for the Victorinox brand, altho Wenger runs a close second.  Forget the knock-offs, the original is an excellent buy at any price.  Victorinox has made a high quality product for as long as I can remember.  I believe they are the original Swiss army Knife brand.  They come in all sorts of colors and w/all kinds of logos.  Whatever style Vic you buy, you won't be disappointed.8-12-11I wouldn't recommend it, but i've even used the scissor and blade to cut speaker wire....not a ding on the blades.  I used one of their (Victorinox) pocket tools to cut thru 3/8"steeel cable in an emergency sailing accident.  It wrecked the saw blade, which of course wasn't intended for cutting steel cable. Had no choice....but it did it once, and that was enough.
perfect, small knife with several nice additional blades; the Swiss Army people manufacture these and many other to consistently high standards
I like to have this small one in my pocket for daily use.  It's small enough so it is less bulky than my car key and alarm bob.  It has the basic knife, combination screwdriver and nail file, and a small scissor; everything I've needed in a pinch when at work or out-and-about.  There's a pull out tweezer and toothpick, but I rarely use those.  Unfortunately, I had to give my last one to TSA at the airport.  I've gotten so used to slipping it into my pocket, it's hard to purposely not take it along.
A small, sharp knife, combination file and small screwdriver, tweezer, toothpick, and small scissors, all in one package that can go on your keyring. What could be cooler? You'll be surprised at how often you use the Classic.The only question is, should you get the Classic, or the Rally, which is the identical pocket knife, but with a combination small philips head screwdriver / bottle opener instead of the scissor?It's a matter of which you get the most use out of; I have both but prefer the Rally for the bottle opener. Most people have the Classic, perhaps because the Rally is newer and isn't as well-known.Have a look at the Rally before you decide; it is on the Amazon website for the same price.
It's great to have with you at all times and the aluminum finish looks great.  Whether to cut a loose string from your clothes, open a package, tighten a screw or filing down your nails this knife works great.  It's so small yet feels really sturdy.  Giving up the tweezers and toothpick is a trade off but it's so slim you barely notice it in your pocket.
Just so nobody gets confused here, this is a very small pocket knife. To be worn on a key chain. Nothing remotely what is considered EDC (every day carry). But here is why I got it: You get a small blade which is good enough to cut open little packages/string/etc. Scissors, a nail file and what I like the best....tweezers and a toothpick. None of the high priced Leatherman etc. multitools have tweezers, and if you ever had a nasty splinter you know how important tweezers can be.
I'll never forget the first time I saw a Victorinox knife,my grandmother kept one in her purse and I always asked if I could see it...as a kid I thought it was the neatest thing in the world.Moving on when I got older I turned to multi-tools:they were more compact,sturdy stainless steel,and they were more comfortable to carry than a thick Swiss Army Knife loaded with everything but the kitchen sink(and pliers).But to the patient individual who can carry an SAK in their pocket everyday I can only say it's level of handyness really depends on what you get...but let's get to the classic SD.So what's so great about the SD model?it's nice to have something useful on your keychain and this knife is it!Think about it:the knife is only two layers so it's reasonably thin.Doesn't weight much so it's not a bother on your keychain.And don't forget the tools...for something this size efficient and useful your keyring is practically naked without it.Being that the SD is smaller in size it's more for light-duty tasks or uses where intricate use is involved and though it doesn't seem like much you'll find it to be handy when you least expect it.Take the tools for instance...*Scissors:Now and then I'll get behind on cutting my fingernails and mine have a tedency to grow fast,I deal with the public alot as a technician so appearance is important.I just whip these little scissors out on the way to a service call(not while driving) and since their small they do make nice and small clips more in tune with a nail clipper...a real timesaver.Using them for cutting things?well you can but you've also got the knife.*File/Small Slotted Screwdriver:As a guy I don't really file my nails as a routine function but I do work with my hands alot and my nails get chipped or torn,I can deal with that except when they snag on your pants pocket,your work shirt,or heck even a blanket in bed... then it's annoying.But the file's right there and it does the trick so I'm not ragging on guys who file their nails but it's nice to have the file on a 'as needed' basis.The small slotted screwdriver gets an odd use for me-I use it to get out the lint that collects in my fans during the summer.Or when I'm cleaning one of the service vehicles and there's cigarette ash or dried out soda that collected in those little gaps in the consoles...that tip really helps get it out.*Toothpick/Tweezers:As you might have guessed they serve their simple purpose and there is the most common flaw...the toothpick is proned to fall out.The only thing I can mention to you for preventing that is don't force the toothpick into it's slot,there's is a machined notch on the plastic surface that secures the toothpick and by shoving it in your'e wearing down that notch.Beyond that the two implements serve their purpose.*The Knife:It's a reasonably sharp and thin blade and of course it's cheap versus a dedicated knife...but it comes handy in a pinch.I usually never forget my personal carry knife so this little blade gets seldom use but after years of owning my first SD it finally needed a light sharpening...two or three passes on a stone and it was sharp again...gotta love soft steel.So that wraps it up on the tools with only one word of advice:use rubbing alcohol and wipe down the tools you use for sanitary reasons then wipe off the alcohol and dry.The tools are polished stainless and fight off rust quite well but wipe the alcohol completely from the tools...if it sits on the steel for extended periods of time it will eat into the finish.The Handles:Plastics can do two things for a consumer-they can win someone over and prove their worth or they can break and dissapoint someone...Victorinox just uses a basic plastic and nothing specialized like delrin or zytel for the handle scales.But I've tossed my keys on the kitchen table countless times and I've dropped my keys on concrete a good share of times and both my old SD and my new one have never cracked or shattered,only scratches.The handle colors have changed over the years,first time I bought one they were only available in Red or Black and the colors seem to vary throughout the years...my new one was in Forest Green(seems discontinued in that color).Final Thoughts:I'm sure many other reviewers have said this but it is the most handy thing in a compact form on your keyring-it doesn't take up space and it's truthfully useful.The tool selection may seem limited to some but I think for it's size the Victorinox Classic SD brings alot to the table...5-stars!*File:
Good buy and a handy little tool to have in your purse.Don't leave home without it!
Great to always have a knife and scissors and nail file AND tweezer handy. Very rugged, last for years.  Had one for a longgg time, but forgot and tried to take it through airport security.  So I bought another one. Indispensible!
Great size and very functional.  I had one on my main keyring for several years but lost it when out in the woods years ago.  So this was a replacement.  If I loose this one, I'll buy another.  Very good little knife.
This knife is so handy. When I first received it I thought it was so small that I would loose it. I thought I would have to replace it right away. I am amazed that I have not lost it. The blade is very sharp. The scissors are very sharp too.The thing I use this the most for is opening packages in the car, after purchasing something in the store. It is a very sharp, sturdy for it's size and just a great little knife. I have had this knife about a year now and it is still in like-new condition. I highly recommend this knife.
This is the perfect keychain Swiss Army knife. The scissors work well and are probably the most useful tool, for me. I have owned these for years, but one got confiscated at the airport and my second said a company name on it, so I wanted a plain black one.
He lost his old one and I found the same one to replace it. Great product for the price. Love the color too.
A nice little knife with a few basics to always have on you.  Fits well on the key chain, sharp, good quality.I have noticed that the shinny scales scuff much easier than the older swiss army knives.  2 weeks riding around in my bag and my new knife looks as warn as my 15 year old camping swiss army knife.  Doesn't affect use though.
I have these knives in all of my survival kits and emergency kits.  They are small and contain several useful tools that could make life easier in a situation that is far from &#34;easy&#34;.  reliable and worthy of your purchase!
It was a christmas gift for my husband. perfect size, he keeps in his car as a quick go to tool.
What else can be said. A must for anyone that wants to be prepared. I keep it on my key chain and reach for it fairly often.
Victorinox Swiss Army Classic SD Pocket Knife (Blue) is so compact and cute; It is so convenient to carry on.
elegant. thin. lightweight. perfect fit and finish. great knife.  I have quite a few variations of the Classic SD.  This is the sexiest.
My son has long admired my Swiss Army Knife.  I finally got him this little guy for Christmas, and he has barely put it down since.