Sorry, can't review the song because the dam n thing won't download . . . no matter how many hoops I jump through.  Won't ever buy anything again from Amazon.  Rip off!
Something seems wrong here. This cd does not have Al Jarreau singing on it. Seems amazon goofed. This is not Al Jarreau.
I made the mistake of thinking a tribute band could somehow capture the magic of an original artist-at least to some degree.This is the most slicked-down drool anyone can offer.It has all the spirit of a barbershop quartet.Its a completely safe re-creation of W.C Handy's original songs.If the Mills brothers were your thing,maybe this would work for you.If you want a package that best captures the soulful snap of the master himself,get an original package.
This recording was obviously made from the audience, because after every song, this big, goofy handclapping is right next to the microphone, drowning out every other sound. Charly legends...who's Charly? the guy who recorded it using a portable tape recorder? Actually, the sound overall isn't too bad for a bootleg and King delivers a great performance, but it has those same issues where if an instrument is suddenly loud for a second, all the other instruments are squashed. Just cheap, man. Shame on you, Amazon! THIS IS A TOTAL RIPOFF. It's not worth $7.99, get real! I would demand a refund, but I know Amazon won't give it to me. JUST WATCH OUT WHAT YOU BUY ON HERE. Amazon is great overall, and I've used them for years, but not everything they sell at normal prices is going to be legitimate...beware!
The download version has some major problems with some of the audio files.  It's not the normal pops, clicks, and hiss you'll hear from material dubbed from 78s.  Several of the tunes have a sort of phasing effect similar to what happens when somemone has applied electronic noise reduction too heavily.  It's too bad.  This is some great music.  Martin is a gem.  Because of the audio problems I would have rated this no stars if the option were available.
more like R+B POP not BLUES very disappointed after sampling songs would not list this as blues I don`t hear it
I listened to a few of the samples and they sound like they're played by a beginning student on an out of tune guitar.  Plus the recording quality is terrible - it sounds like a home recording.  The titles make no sense - is this some kind of joke?
The time length is listed as 34 min , but after approx. 3 min of song it sounds as if the record skips for 30 mins . what a rip off . you can't tell it either from the crappy sample they provided .
We are Document Records and a customer has brought to our attention that the CD being offered here is a "fake" or pirated copy. Document do not press to demand .We use our bona fide USA distributors Allegro Music who supply Amazon direct. We are awaiting to hear Amazon's response about this unacceptable situation. Please contact us if you purchase a fake..they will have virtually no sleeve notes and the notes will be on wafer thin paper and goodness knows what the sound quality is like.
No Hammond organs were harmed, or even used, in the making of this album.  These tracks were not even cut with a keyboard designed to emulate a Hammond organ.  They sound like they were cut with a cheesy organ sample on a home keyboard from the late 90's.  So, in short, the title is a lie.
If you're an enthusiast and lover of the sound and essence of the Hammond B-3 Organ, Then AVOID this CD at all costs. It's a shameless rip-off of REAL organ music. Jimmy Smith & Charles Earland would do somersaults in their grave if they heard this bovine escatology of a &#34;performance&#34; I'm even more disappointed that we're not allowed to give negative stars for a rating because this deserves a negative -50 at the least.
How did this ever make it onto Amazon.com?? I guess I am not aware that anybody can put up music for sale without regards to it's quality. Live and learn. And use a picture of a B3 next time on an album with "B3" in the title.
I like Lil Rev but Amazon seems to have trouble with delivering the product. If you try to download it will crash and not complete the download process leaving you with nothing. I tried it twice but with no luck. You will still get charged for it however and amazon will send you a nice message saying."As indicated on the product detail page, at the time of purchase, and in the Amazon MP3 Music Downloads Terms of Use, music downloads are not returnable once they have been purchased.Best regards,DaneAmazon.com"
Worse Of Of The Blues!!!!!!!!!Don't Buy It!Low Quality Sound Of 60'sDon't Buy It!Don't Buy It!Don't Buy It!
Also avoid another album called "Empty Time". This guy should change his band name or something to avoid confusion, its just simple pop vocal music.
Unfortunately, the audio quality on a few of these songs are so poor that I cannot even listen to them, namely "Bright Lights". It is too bad because it is a great song.
WARNING....This is NOT the Danny Wright album named Black & White.  This album is actually named "White Chocolate" and it is by the Urban artist Danny, NOT the pianist Danny Wright.
I bought two cd's - one for me, one for a gift.  My copy skips on two songs.  I hope the gift is okay.  I just is a pain to send it back to Amazon.  I will buy at a store in the future.
With Joanne's debut being so amazing, I figured this album would be a guaranteed favorite.  I was so wrong.  This album lacks the hook of the debut, and frankly, after 4 listens, I'm not sure I'll ever return to even a single song from it.  The promise of "White Sugar" is wasted as "Diamonds In The Dirt" disappoints with ever song.
I forgot how much Savoy Brown changed from the Kim Simmonds, Chris Youlden days of old.  The British blues band evolved in to a Metallic wannabe band.  Aerosmith claims to have roots in blues and a couple of their tunes demonstrate that position.  Savoy Brown, is less of a blues, boogie band than Aerosmith or White Snake.  I wish I had not purchased this recording.  I can't even think of anyone to pawn it off on.
I probably should not rate it. I did not mean to purchase it. One of the drawbacks of one click purchasing
Might be Southern, but doesn't seem to have much soul. To my (ancient) ears, sounds more like common top 40 crap than Otis Redding or Sam Cooke or Robert Cray. Disco crap, y'all.
You cant download this like regular MP3s.You have to use their player, which I don't want.Please sell this as a regular CD, and I will re- review.
Several of these tracks are defective; they sound much the same as a record skipping. Consequently, they're difficult to practice with.
What was wrong with the MP3 downloader? It worked great. Then along came this abomination called the cloud player and I cannot download anything. This poor rating is not for Samantha Fish it is directed to Amazon.
Dude, get back to your roots. This is like a cross between Boz Scaggs and Muzac Steppin Out is so watered down--I'm speechless
First of all, I have to say that the actual backing track was pretty good quality, and enough dynamic changes to actually feel like I was playing with a band. So for it's own purpose, it's pretty spectacular.I don't think I've ever given a one star rating for anything but:I can't just loop this thing and play it because there is a 23 second advertisement for a website at the beginning of the track. A really annoying car-dealership-commercial sounding advertisement. So on an mp3 track that I just purchased, I have to put the thing into Audacity and cut off the first 23 seconds, save it as new mp3. That is mind boggling and annoying. And there was no warning for me, because there were no reviews.I would love to give the Play Along Jam Band MORE money for MORE tracks, if I were guaranteed that I wouldn't have to listen to an advertisement.And I'll be honest, if the ad were three seconds, I wouldn't be complaining, I would just be giving four stars and moving along.
the first and last song are very good.  the rest lack a lot, a whole lot of content and style.  you can save your self money and purchase the two mp3's or even just not buy the cd.  when he did a blues song you can see he probably can sing the blues but his band sounds like crap.  this kid needs to go check with sue foley or delbert mcclinton before he does a blues song again