Yawn. Not the original "hit" recordings (although many of these songs were not close to being hits). These are slick, glossy re-recordings, many not even by the original artist.Mind you, these aren't bad ... but they're not great, either. If you know and love -- or even appreciate -- the original recordings, then keep moving on. These ain't for you.If you like the versions here, then go for it. Just don't be disappointed when you hear (in several cases) the superior original recording.
The Michael Packer Blues Band recorded 3 albums from 2003 to 2006. Featured here on the `Best Of' are tracks from "No Use Running From The Blues" and the highly acclaimed "Bleecker - Bowery" CD. Also included are tracks from the "Sweet Rhythm" CD recorded in live performance on February 1, 2006 in NYC, featuring singer-songwriter/guitarist Michael Packer, Jimmy Vivino, guitar (Conan O'Brien), David Maxwell, piano (James Cotton), Lou Marini, sax (Blues Brothers) and Felix Cabrera on harmonica. Michael Packer, born in New York City, recorded 4 albums for major labels including, Atlantic, RCA and Buddah Records in the 70's with his groups, Free Beer and Papa Nebo. The albums were produced, as is this compilation by Alan Lorber, and are also currently available on the Iris Music Group label.  Michael's new albums include "Michael Packer Blues Band  Live At Lucille's New York City" and its companion CD,  "Michael  Packer/Sandy Allen - Reunion Live at Lucille's New York City".
Amazon imported reviews for some full version, but that's not what you get on the MP3 purchase. You get two songs. I guess that's why it costs less than $2.The two songs are good, though.
While this album isn't bad, several of the songs also exist on the Everything I Need album.  I own both and in my opinion, the Everything I Need versions of these songs are much better.
an alright CD at best in my humble opinion . Sound quality is good for a live recording and there is a large variety of music and a fair selection of artists on this particular disc but personally , there were only 2 artist i've ever heard of and only 3 on the whole cd that i liked but thats just me
Classic music from one of the greats in country blues but these digital recordings are not good quality.  These are old recordings and transferred from old vinyl...so you can expect  some distortion....but given that they claim they are remastered....your general expectation would be that they are better than usual....NOT the case.  At times the noise overpowers the music so much that u can barely hear it.  Save your money or better yet try this set "Blind Lemon Jefferson, Vol. 1-4".  They still have the rough sound due to the age and equipment that they were recorded on but the music is much more clear.  This series is just dissapointing.
Classic music from one of the greats in country blues but these digital recordings are not good quality.  These are old recordings and transferred from old vinyl...so you can expect a some distortion....but given that they claim that they are remastered....your general expectation would be that they are better than usual....NOT the case.  At times the noise overpowers the music so much that u can barely hear it.  Save your money or better yet try this set "Blind Lemon Jefferson, Vol. 1-4".  They still have the rough sound due to the age and equipment that they were recorded on but the music is much more clear.  This series is just dissapointing.
Not his voice and not his band. He is the band with his bro and Mom Bybee Debra James which he sang on 1 track on her CD. It is availabe on MP3.
LOL don't be retarded like me.  I was on a standup comedy buying spree and saw this was from Craig Ferguson... I was thinking comedy, I got soothing instrumental acoustic music.
This one needs to be remixed.  The quality is so poor it is difficult to hear all the words.  I only gave a &#34;2&#34; rating out of courtesy to these fine gentlemen.
BUYER BEWARE! None of the deeply essential original liner notes and session documentation are included with this CD-R. It's especially frustrating because there is printing inside the 4 page cover booklet that comes with the disc, so it wouldn't have cost the manufacturer any more to include some annotation. A disappointingly lazy reissue of a historic collection...
Dont waste yer time or $. A neat collection of Songs; Great idea BUT poorly executed! Subpar Studio & Live Performances with Poor Sound. Whadya expect...never heard of Goldenlane Records before-where did 'dey come from? One can probably piece together the same or better Blues Classics compilation by perusing amazon's Mp3 dloads for ORIGINAL recordings by same artists.
Am a big fan of this group, having bought all their prior albums and seeing them live. Sadly this latest album is not their best effort. Track 11-Bad Reputation, has been issued before and appears to be inserted as an album filler here. The only tracks worthwhile, in my opinion, are 10-Real Bad Woman and 7-Black Eyed Mary; tracks consistent with their style of blues.Will hope their next effort will be better. In the meantime I'll just be content to listen to their "old" stuff; great house-rockin' dancing blues.
I question some of the sources of these recordings. The last track on Vol1 has a brief audio snatch of Dr Demento making a comment of some sort. Also it cuts off abruptly at the end. I wonder about these other tracks as well. The tracks sound ok but there could be a problem here. I also got Vol2 so I'll review that shortly. Caveat emptor is most appropriate.
This album is full of old time blues music.  It's really just to Jazzy for me. The sound quality could be better too.
As of Sept 2012, Amazon has confused the issue and put a cover art and music for the GOSPEL/RAP artist Danny Wright...this is not the pianist Danny Wright's Black & White Album, so double check before ordering that it's been corrected.  The reviews below ARE for the piano album, but the art and music that Amazon switched in here is not.
Quinn Sullivan is a young guitar prodigy. Quinn is just 12 years old but has already an experience of numerous gigs with Buddy Guy who has taken him under his wing since he was eight (the story of how this happened is told in "Buddy's Blues").Buddy Guy made a remark once that if this boy can do the half of what SRV did, future of the Blues is secured. We have to give an ear to Master's opinion. What this guy was doing on stage was a miracle but when it came to studio recording, situation changed. He is not as hot and fiery axe burner on the album as he is on stage. Perhaps this is what producers wanted. Although this is not an album to found hopes on or to ascertain the forthcomings but one thing is for sure: this guy has a big future but considering just this work I'm far from thinking this is the guy to secure future of the Blues. Individuals like Stevie Ray Vaughan come and act on their own, in a different, sometimes crazy way.Personnel: Quinn Sullivan - vocals, guitar; Rob McNelley - guitar; Jefferson Jarvis - keyboards; Tom Hambridge - drums, tambourine, percussion, background vocals.pastblues.com
I did not like this cd, was very disappointed.  I like Lara's other two albums, &#34;faces of the Blues&#34; and &#34;I Got News&#34;.  Both albums were rock/blues, this one is more pop/folk.  I like the old Lara better, and the blues albums.
I was excpcting  more acoustic blues than  what was on the cd,I had based this on the song  that I had heard
JST's live performance is riveting.  really enjoy her as a performer.  she really gets into her guitar playing, and its a pleasure.  the performance didn't translate to the recording for me.  The writing was better than her last CD so I think she is growing as an artist.
Art Pepper is one of my real heroes and his Galaxy, Tampa and Contemporary records are pure gold and will always be. But this is kind of release do not bring any more to that story than for real collectors, that want everything that is spelled Art Pepper. If you are one of them, it is probably 5 stars. But for me, it does not make the day. The sound is also very poor.
Sorry. This album is not nearly as great as "Runaway."The songs are not as good. The production is WAY below par. Flat sonics, muddy mixes, weak dynamics.The whole album has a routine blues character. I've heard a million of them. One song stands out... It is a standard from Howling Wolf.Too bad; "Runaway" was a very special album.Playing live is Samantha Fish's forte. After hearing "Runaway" I thought that maybe she would be a major recording artist. I'll probably buy her next album, but with less enthusiasm than this one.
It wasn't anything like I wanted. Others might enjoy it, I just didn't. ON my rating I'd make it 2.