These recordings present opportunities to hear Handy's work - but I doubt they will inspire others to perform those lesser known tunes.
For whatever reasons, America likes to make fun of the peoples of eastern Asia. Whether from China, Korea, Japan, etc... it doesn't make much difference. So here we have a band where the core member is a Japanese blues musician, and the album title, "We Pray the Brooze" is an obvious play on some of those jokes. Maybe you're thinking okay this will be goofball novelty music. The kind of thing that is funny or clever once, but wears thin after a few listens.That's not The Fujii.Here, The Fujii is Koichi Fujishima on vocals and National single cone, Shimaky Fumica on violin and Paul Shearsmith on pocket trumpet, tuned gas main, baliphone and Amazonian hand flute.We Pray the Brooze: Of the 2 albums, this one comes in 2nd place, for me. I enjoy it but oftentimes I kinda bail out on it before it ends. Something about it loses steam, or maybe I should say it just doesn't hold me riveted like the first album.Anyway What Time Did You Get Up This Morning: (5 stars from me) - Every blues fan should hear this album. This isn't stagnant, post-War Chicago Blues thumping. Koichi Fujishima has carved out a space where he's gloriously Japanese but also as deeply a Delta musician as anyone else we'd like to name. New Ancient Blues. All I can say here is that one needs to hear Anyway What Time to know for themselves. Listing possible influences may make the review look nicer but it won't do justice to Fuji's music. He's not a clone, or another one of these people who think any mention of pre-war music has to entail stuff from Robert Johnson.As far as I'm concerned, he has the greatest voice in the blues of the past... decades. I've never heard anyone else like him. He's everything I love about the inherent potential of blues, and nothing I grew to hate of the largely trite, cliched blues of the past 50 years, yet he sounds like no one of the pre-war era. This dude totally moves me.The label's website seemed to die a year or 2 ago so if you want Anyway What Time, it's at (CD)(Baby)dot(kom)... obfuscated so as to slip it into the review. We Pray is also available there on cd, for those who don't want mp3s. We Pray has some very good stuff but also some misses, some of the time. Anyway What Time always grabs me from start to finish.Fujii's music is his own. As with the pre-war greats, it's music of rugged individualism, and sometimes hypnotic, ethereal or trance-inducing beauty. This is blues of a person's inner spirit and vision, not just another tired adherence to form.
I thought bootlegs were illegal. When I saw "Bootleg" on the title, I thought it was just a tongue-in-cheek way of saying that it was a live album. But no, it's literally a bootleg unfortunately, soundwise anyway. Who knows what kind of arrangement was made with the "bootlegger" in Devon obtaining this recording. Why did Devon and Honeytribe allow this to be released as a legitimate album? The recording was obviously made by a fan using a portable device. I would have preferred that Honeytribe employ the proper equipment and technicians to make a live album. It doesn't cost an arm and a leg in order to do that these days. The sound quality is no better than your average bootleg. Very disappointed. If I were Devon, I would have thrown this recording in the garbage after forcing the bootlegger to hand it over!That said, the performances are fantastic! Devon really lets it loose and wails, and his vocals are truly outstanding. He doesn't try to imitate his father's singing, which is a good idea, of course. Then again, during his vocal delivery of B.B. King's "Sweet Little Angel," you can hear some of Gregg in the ends of the vocal phrases--really cool! He leads a good tight band, too. The demo tracks feature considerably better sound quality, obviously, since they are from the studio. And actually, the last live track, "Mahalo," sounds pretty good--a lot better in quality than the rest of the live tracks. So all in all, I'm still glad I bought this download album. I'm also glad Amazon chose to reduce the price somewhat to $6.99 (I'm assuming $8.99 or $9.99 is a more common price for this kind of product. iTunes is selling this same download album for $9.99--shame on them!). I would give one star for the quality of most of the live tracks, but the performances bring this review up to 3 stars overall. The sound quality on the bootleg part isn't HORRIBLE--you can hear everything pretty well, but it's just distant and somewhat muffled, obviously, since it was recorded from the audience seating area. My main point is that the quality doesn't do any hi-fi stereo or ipod justice.Boy, if this performance was recorded using REAL equipment, this album would be really something. Too bad they cheapened it like this with the bootleg quality.Let's have a REAL live album, now, Devon!!! Looking forward to it.....
I think this is a good album, but I have to warn potential buyers that it was recorded live, and in my humble opinion, Doug takes a little too much "artistic liberty" with the songs.  Some of them are scarcely recognizable from the originals! If I could do it over, I  would probably buy an album with Doug's studio recorded material instead.
teardrops on my pillow is really teardrops from my eyes, and not the 53 hit by gale.
Very good music muddled by background noise, pops and scratches.  If you have a high tolerance for these defects, go ahead and buy.  I am okay with a certain amount of noise and ended up saving 11 tracks.  The rest went to the recycling bin.  These must have been transferred from the original 78's.  It's a shame that these aren't available in remastered version with some noise reduction.  I know music purists hate this technology, but if these songs had been remastered and cleaned-up, I'd keep all the tracks.
Great Maceo Merriweather influenced deep and non-tiring Chicago Blues piano at its best performed by the artist who backed Muddy Waters and Elmore James. All tracks are Blues classics performed classically. After listening Johnny Jones we can just express regret why this exceptionally talented pianist was not recorded to a greater extent.Modest assistance is provided by harpist Billy Boy Arnold.Recorded live at the Fickle Pickle, Chicago, Illinois on June 25, 1963.Personnel: Johnny Jones (vocals, piano, keyboards); Billy Boy Arnold (vocals, harmonica).pastblues.com
Just needed it for an event.  Not really my kind of music. Would I get it again?  Probably not again.
The Blues Sessions was the 2nd cd that I heard from Otis Grand (the first was Blues 65) and for some reason I wasn't immediately hooked as I had been before.  When I look at the ratings of others, this cd should be as good as the other . . . so maybe I just need to let it 'grow' on me.  In my experience, mood is everything when it comes to loving or hating a new piece of music, and sometimes when the mood changes so does my opinion of the music.
Greg Hale Jones has overlaid instrumental rhythmic background on old Southern folk recordings.  Many (if not all) of the original recordings were in the late 1930s as part of various projects to record American culture in the deep south, and are part of the Treasury of Library of Congress Field Recordings.  The songs were all a capella when recorded, but Mr. Jones' tweaking makes them much more enjoyable.
Disappointing, the richness from the Dance CD, simply it was a let down. But I am still OK with the CD in my library.
I laughed when I saw the [Explicit] tag on my album here. Almost all the music is instrumental, with no words at all, and what few they are don't include any foul language that I noticed during the recording, mixing, or mastering process. But hey, maybe there's something evil in there when you play it backwards, and maybe it will sell more copies!I've given it a 3-star review so I don't skew things either way. I am a tad biased, you know.
I received this album as a gift.  It is not the best Lightning Hopkins recording I have ever heard, but it certainly captures what makes him great.  Since I love the guy, that is not a big problem.  One warning. All the songs are mislabeled.  The disc 1 labels are for disc 2 and the disc 2 labels are for disk one. So `One Kind Favor' is labeled `Shining Moon' and `Shining Moon'  is labeled `One Kind Favor.'
You can find many kinds of blues here. This eclectic work from rising star on blues scene offers deep delta blues, fiery boogie, soulful blues etc. Songs are performed both on electric and acoustic guitars. Elam himself describes his music as &#34;Roots Blues&#34;. Whether these are his own songs (which count to majority) or covers, (Robert Johnson's &#34;Terraplane Blues&#34; and traditional &#34;Devil Got Religion&#34;) the feeling is all the same: raw blues. Elam is equally good on both electric and acoustic guitars.He is a sound songwriter too. Seven of 12 songs (actually of nine songs since three of them are repeated) are originals. Among them &#34;Sugar Cane&#34; has to be emphasized particularly. Soulful pearl in the delta wilderness. Keep an eye open on this guy!Personnel: Elam McKnight - guitar & vocals; Zack Reynolds - harp; Ronnie Godfrey - piano; Cedric Burnside - drums.pastblues.com
"Dogs & Cats", "Yellow Cadillac" are played fiercely and quite entertaining lyrically.  Some of the other stuff has a left over, throw it the pot for the hell of it kind of feel..  "Rise Again" is cool too - kind of a classic disco meets Grateful Dead "Shake Down Street" vibe..
BIBC is a duet of guitar players out of Florida. That means their music takes an automatic bend toward the tropics. And that isn't a bad thing. Rather than trying to mimic Jimmy Buffett they take a more laid back approach with harmonies. While some of the lyrics are weak, there are a couple good songs. "No Redeeming Features" has a good sound and storyline. The standout is "And the Women" which should be a staple for any parrothead and is good enough for radio in its own right. You can't really go wrong with this one.
I had listened to this on Rhapsody and absolutely loved it.  I had noticed on Rhapsody the song was 2 min, 13 sec, and seemed to end abruptly.I decided I wanted it, and purchased this at Amazon.  Sadly though, the song I purchased was also 2 min, 13 seconds, and ended abruptly, just as it did on Rhapsody.I realize Amazon had nothing to do with the song production, but I was very disappointed in having only what appears to be half a song.  So, I only gave this 3 stars.  The song itself is a strong 5, but the product I now own barely qualifies for 3 stars.
I'm an amateur bassist and blues organist.  I heard Labor of Shame on XM and was intrigued by the bass line.  So I bought the mp3 album.  I liked what I heard in the bass.  Some fine lines there.  Some tasty chops on the guitar, too.  But overall it's a little too sweet for the type of blues that I prefer.  Some of the tracks are nice, but there are some that are just...well, cheesy.  There's a little bit of an Indigenous flavor to the overall sound, which is good, but I think that this misses the blues mark.
Professor Longhair did a pretty good piano bookie style, but only pretty good, to my taste.  I'd rather listen to Dr. John All By Hisself (in particular) or many other choices of Dr. John piano boogie music, all available from Amazon.  That said, if you're trying to pick up some boogie or rock piano licks Professor Longhair had plenty of them.
This is a fun album but I would have enjoyed it more if it had been remastered. These recordings are very old and most do not appear to be from well preserved materials. Not to change the sound but just to give the recordings a little boost for today's audio systems and to make them a bit clearer without destroying their original state. As an audio engineer I did just that and you would not believe how much more sound there is to this collection. Laziness on the producer's part. But a great buy as is too.
This CD has blues music that is very old in style, but not as exciting to play for an audience. You would need to be close to one hundred years of age to really appreciate the music.
...you don't want to play a lot of the tunes with little ones in the room unless they are very perverted. Some of the tunes suffer from a bad case of crude creeping crud.
My only feedback is that I wished they remastered the music. They are all classics that's a must have in your collection.
This is an alright recording. All the songs sound real familiar and singing voice very average. I got a Michael Burks at the same time and love it.
The Storyville String Band of New Orleans recorded its new release live at the Pavilion of Two Sisters in City Park in September 2009. It was a very well-received performance, as the CD documents. There's applause between tracks, and sometimes after solos that's more raucous than we might expect from the Friday evening crowd at a traditional string band performance.The band earns that applause repeatedly. It explores material from the Louis Armstrong standby "Struttin' with Some Barbeque" to the gospel classic "Old Rugged Cross," to steel guitar player and bandleader Seva Venet's original composition "City Park Strut" (which, the recording captures someone saying on the bandstand, "just needs vocals"). John Parker (rhythm guitar), Matt Rhody (mandolin), and Kerry Lewis (bass) keep the music chugging along, and the melody instruments swing throughout. The different melodies intertwine and interact with each other as the songs progress. Rhody, pulling double duty as usual, deserves mention for his violin work. He develops ideas distinctly his own while staying remarkably faithful to the aesthetic and the sound of the tradition within which he's working.Venet includes liner notes that describe each song, and a rather extensive essay on Manuel "Fess" Manetta and string band jazz on Basin Street in the first two decades of the 20th Century. For all the band's historical acumen in both theory and practice, though, the arrangements on Seva Venet Presents... aren't quite what we would expect from a string band recording. Because they were performed live, the tracks all clock in over three minutes, and some get up towards six. That stretching affords the soloists room to breathe and makes room that didn't always exist for individual creativity in what can be a tradition-bound genre.--OffBeat Magazine, July 2010 issue
Sorry for the rage but why would you mix a beautiful song like Don't Owe you a thang, Please Come home and Outro with The Life, Things are changing and Breakdown?...Just when I was getting used to the style of music, it does a 360 haha...Oh well great artist without a doubt! I only bought the good songs I like and not the whole album.
I've lived and hung around in N'Awlins since 1978 but never heard of AJF until a recent visit when WWOZ played him. I've been known to hang out on Frenchmen Street, probably saw his name in Offbeat or whatever but didn't know who he was. The cut they played was better than the samples from this CD but I suspect he's better in person with a party atmosph
After White Sugar this CD is only ok at best.  I do really like Joanne and looked forward to this CD.  For me there is nothing that stands out, most songs sound more or less the same.  Hopefully her third CD will pick up where her first one left.
I wish to say that there is an absence of the blues here. I love White Sugar. This one is good too. But it lacks the blues. A very good cd, but not what I expected......
Taylor is a great young blues guitarist / singer / songwriter that came out of the UK with her debut album in 2009.  "Diamonds" is her follow-up to that effort and although it is a good album, she suffers from a bit of a sophomore slump with this one.  The songwriting is ok, but not quite as strong as her first one in my opinion with lyrics that tackle typical blues themes, but nothing really original.  The decision to fade out several of the tracks, just as the guitar is really kicking in, is puzzling to me as well.  Obviously it was a conscious decision, but where on the first album the guitar solos were a highlight on this one many of the solos never seem to get the chance to really take flight.  One could argue that this album is more focused than the first one, and depending on your perspective this may be a valid point, but to my ears things are reined in a bit too much here.  I realize I am being pretty negative, and I really do not want to imply that this is a bad album, but compared to the promise of her debut this one is a slight step backwards to my ears.  It probably comes down more to personal taste as I imagine there are people who will like this one better than her first one, depending on what the listeners personal taste in his or her blues records.  Taylor is still a great young talent that deserves as much exposure as she can get, but I still feel slightly let down by this release.
If you like your Blues with a serious twist of Jazz, and a dash of Soul, and a steady back fill of funk and gospel then Ms. Jean Shy should be on your list of artists. A sensation in Europe, where the press has bathed her in superlatives - we can see their reasoning in this generous fifteen cut release.Setting the stage with title track 'Blow Top Blues'  Ms. Shy lets us know the bad news that this morning she discovered that her wig was about to blow. Yes-siree, and she goes on to describe this more than common situation in a jazzy strut that we shake our heads in syncopation to the tune and ride the waves of horns and snappy guitar work.A smokey, sultry version of 'Willow Weep For Me'  recalls the halcyon days of my old neighborhood, Harlem, and it's clubs, patrons and fantastic female vocalists. She follows that song with an upbeat treatment of  'The Night Time Is The Right Time'  where the guitar playing is allowed to overtake the horns for a fine solo before retreating to it's proper position as part of the band.To me, the standout cut is 'Wouldn't Wanna Be You', a stunning sounding song who's message is dark and foreboding for the fly about to enter into the spider's web. I had the hardest time getting this song out of my head, with it's sparse but effective percussion and flanged guitar work in tandem with a serious infectious almost reggae beat. Killah !A very satisfying release by Ms. Shy, I think this style of Blues would serve well as a way to get more people into our tent. Not overly guitar'd, thoughtful music that plays easy on the ears but is packed with the force and snap of a good left jab just before the other fighter falls to the canvas - it is a winner and should be back to move up in class and the next level.the blues is the roots, everything else is just the fruits, attributed to Willie Dixon learn more at blues411.com
John Lee Hooker/House of the Blues:  I am a big fan of John Lee Hooker but this is not one of his better efforts.  The songs on this album were all recorded in the early 1950's and some of the sides lean a little too hard on reverb (and echo tricks) which will certainly irritate a few listeners.  No, this is not his best album but it remains an interesting piece of his development.
A good selection of Cajun Music, More Cajun vocals would improve the album. The family group itself is very good. I have seen a number of videos with the Savoy family.
If this review were just based on his guitar playing, it'd be a four-star. If it was for what his guitar playing ability will be in the future: 5 stars. However, his voice needs mature, and the vocals end up sounding like they are (they are!!) from a kid.
I am not buying this album only because of the singing on it.  The kid is going to be a great blues guitarist but it is very hard listening to him sing...he sounds like what he is which is a little boy....had the album been all blues guitar I would buy it.
Some nice music here  but not something  I'd play constantly.Entertaining  but not a classic. Not bad  for  a  starter intro.
This was my first taste of Grady Champion. It was decent but not particularly brilliant.  I would like to hear other cds of his to see  if this was typical of his work or just  a cd that was not that exciting.
Remember Delta Highway? Power Blues Band of a few years ago, well they went the way of so many promising young blues bands unfortunately. Yet good things come of break-ups, after all this is the Blues.So that harp player/vocalist, the big guy with the hat, always smiling like he dug it as much as we did, yep him, that dude is - Brandon Santini. This is his aptly titled release 'Songs of Love, Money and Misery', and from what I know of him and the last few years he should be right at home in making this presentation to you.Drawn to the shuffle of 'She's Sweet Like Honey' we get a taste of just how sweet the band can sound when they a re hitting on all cylinders. Featuring Elliot Sowell on some sweet guitar work, and Brandon's matter of fact stated lyrics plus his fine harp playing make this a fun song to listen to.'Leaving New York'  is a well written (from a NY Point of view) saturnine composition that one seems to have heard before, and works well in a 'film noir' sense of time and space.  On 'Tomcattin'we are treated to Mr. Santini's fluid motions on his harp over top of drummer, Joe Meyer's 'What I'd Say' styled percussion. It's a nice thing to hear the guys just hanging out and playing for the fun of playing.I must mention that Mr. Victor Wainwright and his guitar player, Greg Gumpel appear on this release to add their own brand of Memphis soul to the release. Remiss I would be, if I did not mention The Evil One playing bass and holding the bottom way down in the alley.This release is a good place for Mr. Santini to re-orient his musical journey. A solid release that's showcases his growing mastery of the blues harp, both diatonic and chromatic, and reinforces his solid vocal presentations. The band is solid, mature and capable of giving him the support he needs while challenging him to make it even better. PS I just have to give a shout out to his label Old Lonesome Me Records LOL !blues411.com is the spot to view reviews, chats ups and even more - come on over and sit a spell we are happy so have ya.
We heard/saw them at the Tempe Art Festival. Don't know why, but the download has a number of skips. Wish the albums had more of the tenor sax guy. As an ex tenor sax man I really thought he was great!
Hott Soss Cummings is an amazing guitarist. Hott Soss worked with Brian McKnight for about 5 years in his earlier years. Hott Soss Cummings is currently Ms. Pattie LaBelle's lead guitarist and has been playing with her for a decade now. Although Hott Soss is playing with Ms. Pattie  Hott Soss Cummings has begun stretching his wings by putting out his current cd titled &#34;KING DINGALING&#34;. Hott Soss Cummings will rock the world as soon as he finds his creative partner who will understand his vision of being a guitar God with the his undeniable  gift of guitar play. Hott Soss Cummings is and will be considered the closest thing to Jimi Hendrix!! Fact is he is Jimi Hendrix re-encarnated!! Take a listen and you will see for yourself. This CD is only the beginning to a legend in the making!!!
This release returns Ms. Hart to her 'blues' sensibilities. Having grown up in Chicago and opened for the likes of Junior Wells and Koko Taylor her roots are strong and they are shown off very well here.Opening with the title track 'Congratulations' we have a nice shuffle that at once introduces Ms. Harts' voice and song writing talents. Dealing with bottom of the barrel life situations termed as hitting the jackpot, and shooting the moon which leads to the road to redemption by getting the blues.Another interesting topic is 'Put Me Back' a rhythmic prayer to the Lord to Put Me Back together right this time. Penned as an every woman "dilemma, she is scattered on the carpet, sprinkled on the floor and other domestic situations. Kids are screaming, dog has up and died, baby's started drinkin' and when he does he likes to fight". This is done to with a steady beat, that has a rock-a-billy meets the blues edge to it. Another fine display of her songwriting abilities and feel for the subject.'Rich Ass Daddy' is a rockin' statement that states outright that she needs a big fat rich ass daddy to take care of her and the young buck broke-assed punks should let her be. It harkens to a phrase my daddy once told me before passing, 'it's just as easy to fall in love with a rich girl as it is with a poor girl, so choose wisely'. HAH ! A fun upbeat song that I can see becoming a theme of sorts for the women in the audiences as she tours.This is a fine release of ten well-written with songs dressed up nicely and ready to be seen marching in the cotillion through the streets and clubs along Blues Street. Stop and give them a listen and get a feel for what goes on inside the heart and soul of Ms. Hart, and when you are through, offer her congratulations on a very tasty release.want to know more about the blues, visit us at blues411.com
Awesome music.  Always have loved jazz guitar.  Judge Stewart presided over a case I investigated recently [I am a detective].  It wasn't until afterward I found out he is a brilliant guitarist.  Who knew!
I read the review of this album on Sal's excellent "Burning Wood" blog and it sounded like something I'd like a lot. I'm a big fan of the old Graham Parker and the Rumour albums, plus I really enjoyed the albums The Rumour made on their own. But I gotta say that I was quite disappointed with "Shotgun." Pardon the bad clich&eacute;, but it just didn't blow me away. By no means is it awful. Andrews and his buddies are obviously great musicians and there is no knocking their enthusiasm when they play these songs. If you just want to hear a tight band, this is more than fine. But I thought the material could have been much stronger. Overall, I just wasn't hooked by many of the songs, and a few of them sounded like rehashes of stale blues-rock that too many guys "of a certain age" seem to love playing. Songs like "Hit Me with a Bus" and "Man in the Man Position" just scream clich&eacute;. To me, Andrews sounds better on pub-rock fare like "Local Lover" or the gritty, atmospheric "Black Alligators." The closing two tracks, "Around the Corner" and "Only Lovers Do", are also quite nice, overflowing with graceful melody. Again, this is far from a bad album, but after the glowing reviews I read, I was truly hoping for something "fresh, edgy, and innovative", or at least something that would really grab me. Sorry, but I just couldn't hear the magic.
I like Eric Burdon but some of the songs here are not outstanding. worth having, yes but he has much better.
Don't get me wrong, Del Rey is a great musician but this album just has too much of the same type of song, it's really hard to listen to the whole album without becoming bored.
I am a big fan of Joanne Shaw Taylor and of the genre in general. Her first two CD's blew me away so I was eagerly anticipating the third. I have to say it is quite a let down for me. The tone of the whole CD is rather depressing (Yeah, I know, it's blues) and monotonous. The songs seems to have just been put on a cd to satisfy some contract requirement or something. They are, for the most part, second rate to much of her prior stuff. Had I had a good listen before buying it I would have passed on this CD. Hope the next one returns to the quality of music that I know she is capable of.
I have her 2 prior albums via downloading and with this third I've come to the conclusion she's gone backwards. I downloaded my 3 favorites, "Piece of the Sky", "Beautifully Broken" and "Almost Always Never". This may be a case, much as her sophomore effort, where her music wears on me and I end up downloading the rest of the album, but time will tell. Personally she's got to get off the repetitive vocal cliches and pickup the speed and return to the likes of her first album, which was a 5-Star outing. Too much organ based background to be up front and not enough guitar based riffs and leads, which she is absolutely great at, even if she has to double track her leads and rhythms. I can take her monotone vocals because they fit so perfectly with her guitar work, but this album is a carbon copy of her 2nd album. Sorry, better luck next time.
I love the blues and  found JTS throught her first CD on which she preformed some really raw songs like she had been around for much longer. To me this is has a much more produced sound and she lost some her raw appeal I really liked. Still some good blues tunes.
I have all three of her CDs. In my mind the first is the only one I get excited about. I am a blues purist and really don't care for metal guitar. Get her first but don't buy 2 or 3 without a good listen
I've enjoyed most of the songs.  Not really enought that I listen to the album regularly.  I got tired of it within two days.
Good sampler collection. I am a blues lover and love the anthology type collections to get a wide variety of great artists. Sure there is a Howlin' Wolf track and Koko Taylor, but some lesser known artists are collected here as well. Rev. Gary Davis makes an appearance, Lonnie Mack as well, if there were ever an underappreciated guitarist, it's him. I believe he played that killer bass line on The Doors "Roadhouse Blues". I had only heard of the Kinsey Report until this collection and the song they have here is a good one. So some covers of standards by some lesser known artists. If you want a decent sampler to get into the blues or just are a blues lover, this is a pretty fair one.
This is probably due to the age of the recordings but the quality issue is noticeable.  It has great songs though.
I bought this for the song 'Your dress is too short' which is one of my favorite blues tunes.  Some of the other songs are pretty good as well.
low bit rate here @ Amazon Plus no catalog # for Aligator Records to buy the real CD that might be better but ASIN: B00CE30FDS is a made cat# so there you go buy here and it's crap or @ Aligator Records if you know the catalog # (that Amazon will not release)
I was really disappointed in this album, because I'm so use to his album being very upbeat, and it really made me feel happy and alive. I couldn't feel the emotion and work he has put into this album. Outside of Booty Pop & Let's Straight it out, this album to me was just ok to me. Don't mean any disrespect.
I was a little disappointed to find that Otis had laryngitis on the evening this was recorded. I like Lucille's voice in much of this record I don't feel it was her strongest performance. Vocals were generally weak throughout this recording. On the other hand, that rolling blues piano of Otis is very good throughout this record.
First off, I'm a big fan.  I still think Samantha has a definite potential for greatness.  This album, however, falls pretty far short.  Her song writing is strong as always, but the production value of this album is pretty terrible.  The sound is very flat, and if you like getting into the music with a decent system or set of cans, you'll notice there is NO sound stage.  Everything is mixed 100/100 split between left and right.  It's like listening to a mono track in both ears. The end result is that Samantha's voice is subdued; it doesn't jump out at all.  Neither does her guitar playing.  Everything seems on the same level all the time.The woman can play, but we don't get to hear a lot of that in this album.  It seems bent on open tuned slide grinds and power chords.  Which is fine and all on a few songs, but every electric song seems to be written that way.I was really looking forward to this album, and upon first listening, I thought it might grow on me.  But the opposite happened.  I've heard her play live a handful of times, and this isn't representative of her abilities.  Hopefully we'll hear some better production value in the next album, as well as a little more musicality.
Great cd but skipped on song tried cleaning several times but didn't make a difference. Nobodys fault but CD was defective.  Love samantha fish
we did not like her new material as much as her older material. sorry Samantha. but you rock it at live shows and this just doesn't do you justice. you are awesome!
I heard a track from this CD on internet radio and liked it. I listened to excerpts of the rest of the CD on over the internet with headphones (through my computer) and thought it sounded interesting so I bought it. When I bought it I thought this would be once of those CDs that I play over and over and over and fall in love with. Unfortunately, I've only played it once. The recording is flat and lifeless and uninvolving. I'm sure this would sound great if you were seeing Redbone live, but apparently the recording engineer that made this CD is a bum.