A good job at covers of some well-known cool blues/jazz songs - plus Johnny Cash's Folsom Prison. The only song I wasn't keen on was their version of 'Treat her right' - it was too laid back & then burst into super-quick tempo for the last 30 seconds, plus the 'voice' needed just wasn't there.Overall, a good album for an afternoon sit-down with friends or for early play at a party get together.
This man can pick the guitar like a madman.  Caught his act by chance at an open mike in Morristown, New Jersey.  This cat can play the guitar with the very best of them.  Just thankful he was last on the bill, 'cause none of us would have wanted to follow his preformance. Nearly all of the 15 performers lined up to buy his cds and most of us bought more than one.  I've played them for other players I know and they can't imagine they had not heard of him before.  Found out later he just moved to this neck o' the woods in September of '07.  You won't be disappointed in any of his cds.
this is a really good cd i am not a big fan of elvins voice but that being said this cd is really good despite his voice not being the best
This is a great album for aggressive blues guitar work.  The voice hits the guitar perfectly for the blues.  This is in the Albert King mode of hard guitar.  First saw Son Seals as a drummer for Albert King a long time ago.
Recommended by a friend of mine who knows his music.  Good acoustic player and a good singer too.  Solo performance and enjoyable.
I've still got my vinyl copy of this record which was the first ever blues record by a British blues band (although Alexis and Cyril had recorded together before but more in the country blues idiom). In truth this is very jazzy, with the band consisting of mainly jazz players like Keith Scott on piano, Spike Heatley on bass and Graham Burbridge on drums but the jazzy instrumentals "Gotta Move", "Spooky But Nice", "Finkle's Cafe" and "Down Town" do all work very well.Cyril Davies handles most of the vocals in a confident and very authentic way and his harp playing was miles ahead of any other British players at the time. A very young Long John Baldry also guests on vocals for "Rain is Such a Lonesome Sound", "How Long, How Long, Blues" and "I Thought I heard That Train Whistle Blow" and while his voice is already developed he doesn't have the relaxed authority of Davies. The ensemble playing is fine throughout but only Davies on harp or Dick Heckstall-Smith on tenor really contribute telling solos.This record may sound a bit strange now but I still like its slightly eccentric line up and for many British people this would have been their introduction to blues and especially the songs of Muddy Waters like "I Got My Mojo Working" and "Hoochie Coochie Man" which are both featured. Many of the songs swing like mad and their raw enthusiasm makes up for the basic live sound and the unsophisticated approach. The overall sound mixes the Chicago blues that they aspired to with their jazz and folk routes to produce a very individual sound that is uniquely British and of its time. This record is the extended version which features an additional seven tracks, including "She Fooled Me" with Alexis himself on vocals and the dreadful "Blaydon Races" featuring British jazz singer Nancy Spain.Make no mistake though this record was an underground classic and was the spark that started the British blues boom of the early 60s. Alexis Korner was mentor to the Rolling Stones, Paul Jones, John Mayall and Free and many of the blues-based bands that followed in the 60s and 70s. Unfortunately Cyril Davies sadly died before he could get the credit that he deserved or develop further but both Alexis and Cyril were pioneers of playing blues in Britain.
As the name of this new band would suggest, the harmonic playing is awesome.  However, the rest of the group is equally talented and I have been enjoying this entire album since getting it a few days ago.  More please.
I love listening to this great album while I drive down the freeway.  It takes me away and makes California rush hour, not seem so bad.
Steve Conn has that clear clean voice that cuts through.  His words are thought provoking.  This is a keeper album.
HoneytribeBootleg: Live in Florida + Bonus TracksBy Tony SclafaniLongtime Allman Brothers devotees may know Devon Allman as the son of the legendary Gregg Allman. But if the younger Allman's band Honeytribe becomes as popular as it deserves to be, a new generation of listeners may soon know Gregg as the dad of rising star Devon. Honeytribe is a hot, blues-rock band and "Bootleg" is an impressive first effort, featuring a live set and some demos. The music is largely driven by Devon's fleet-fingered guitar playing, soul-drenched vocals, and first-rate songwriting.As good as "Bootleg" is, it's not even a bona fide debut. It's been issued as a teaser before Honeytribereleases its first official CD. Still, this disc is important because the in-concert cuts showcase the group's energetic-but-tight playing. Six live tracks were recorded by a fan at the Orlando, Florida Hard Rock Caf&eacute; in 2005. Honeytribe's set focuses mainly on catchy original blues ("Perfect World," "Sweet Little Angel"), but there's also jam numbers and a breezy rendition of Clarence Carter's soul chestnut "Slip Away." The low-fi sound brings out the energy.The five demos that follow the live cuts are anything but an afterthought. Several sound like potential hit singles, especially the melancholy road ballad "When I Call Home" and the Isley Brothers-styled groove tune "Things You Never Stole" (both penned by Devon). Honeytribe has forged a distinctive sound by adding a dash of soul to their blues recipe. If their upcoming CD sounds as good as this, expect radio stations to soon be dishing out a taste of honey.Originally published in Hittin' the Note issue #49.
Very good music, a better representation of  his live performances than Dismantle the Sun, Unbelievable rocking blues, with great guitar work!
I enjoy the music very much. The price concidering the first one you sent with only "Have You Ever Seen A Dream Walking", I have really enjoyed along with the other songs on the album.
Came across one song off this on a Pandora station.  What a great find!  This comes off like the real deal.  One guitar, one bass drum, one harmonica, and the soulful, weathered voice of southern blues.  Not a ton of variety and I would love a bit more solo ripping but I can't really complain.  This is not about the show.  Its about the blues.Buy it white people!!!  :)
I have loved Eddy Raven since his first releases in the early to mid 70s, when he got very little radio airplay except at the smaller stations. Raven is oh so talented as a singer and a songwriter. He writes wonderful lyrics and catchy tunes and know how to sing them. If you like Eddie Rabbitt, you'll like Eddy Raven, too.I worked at a small country station in Port Sulphur, Louisiana and we played all of his ABC-Dot releases like "Carolina Country Morning", "Ain't She Something Else", "Free to Be", and "Good News, Bad News". None of them charted high enough to make him a household name. I moved from Port Sulphur to Baton Rouge in 1977 and got a job at WYNK, one of the top stations there. Same thing happened on "Sweet Mother Texas", "Dealin' With the Devil" and "Peace of Mind". The last three were on Dimension Records, a small independent label. We played all of his songs on WYNK. "Dealin' with Devil" was a strong song and would have been a hit if it had been on a major label. Finally Eddy got on a major label Elektra and his "Desperate Dreams" album had 4 hits in it over 2 years, 1980-1981: "I Should've Called", "Who Do You Know In California", "A Little Bit Crazy" and "She's Playing Hard To Forget". I have all of his Dimension and Elektra songs except for "San Antonio Nights". In 1984 he signed with RCA and they made him a star, beginning with his first #1 "I Got Mexico". The rest is history. Over the next few years Eddy had 6 number one songs and about 15 top 10s."Living in Black and White" is a good album with four fine tracks that should have been played by country radio. However, since about 1980 big town country stations only play artists on major labels. Small, independent record company have no chance. I thoroughly enjoyed the title song "Living in Black and White", "Hearing It In French", "Bermuda Triangle" and "Cowboys Don't Cry".If you are an Eddy Raven fan, you need to get this album. And if you like Eddie Rabbitt and Jimmy Buffett, you should give Eddy Raven a listen. He is just as gifted and talented.
Over the years, I have been fortunate enough to know people like Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Luther Allison and all the other usual suspects.I've known Chris (he is my little brother) since he learned to play 'Green Onions' as a child. His father and I go back many years...like when Son House was a next door neighbor to Joe and his family.Chris has his roots in the blues...no doubt...as Muddy or Luther or some other soul wandered through their house.Chris can play straight blues. Just as a John Mooney can (who also learned from Joe and Son House). But Chris is now into this Michael Hill/Hendrix phase, where flash and stuff are poured on, and it gets a little bit much.Good album, but Chris has to think a little about where he's going.
I bought this album after reading Eric Clapton raving about Freddy in his autobiography.  This is like a raw, soulful intro to Eric's best music.  Try "Have you ever loved a woman".  Oh, yeah!
It's good blues. I've seen this guy live, he puts on a good show, Ya  know something you will remember in the morning and still think it is good............
This album is not the Singer / Song Writer from the US "David Wilcox" but the Canadian Rocker  "David Wilcox"same name , different music, both excellent
earl king ranks fourth out of all the blues kings.in order from 1-4 (atleast in my opinion)1 freddie king2 albert king3 b.b king4 earl kingbut 4th in that list is not all that bad anyways this cd is pretty good i perfer the works of the others a little more but this is a good cd all the same. way better than 99% of the crap being put out today
Ronnie Earl knows Blues music any of his albums will make a great addition to any collection of blues music
I bought this used for $2.  Looked scary as compilations are often tossed together.  The good news:  Great performances by Snooks Eaglin, Earl King, Bobby Radcliffe, Carol Fran and Lynn August.Snooks lays down some burning blues guitar, Earl is in great voice, Bobby Radcliffe sounds just like his mentor, Magic Sam, Carol Fran is featured solo with her fine vocals and piano accompaniment and finally, Lynn August serves up some fine bluesy zydeco gumbo, yum!
Not much to say about this album accept that if you love the blues like I do and love snooks like I do than you will not be disappointed with this one at all it is good from the word go
Download this gem, especially the instrumentals "Deep Freeze" and "Backstroke". Mu;stang Sally is not as exciting. The only real drawback is that they fade out most of the songs. Also avaliable at e-music.com. Get his hits first, but this is excellent stuff, and well-recorded for the late 60's. (a little hiss)
The Chennille Sisters you can understand the words, I enjoy the harmony, and the rhyming of the verses. they have a unique style
John Campbelljohn may not be a household name in the US (heck, I've barely ever heard of him), but he has recorded and performed a lot of great blues-rock. His music is not so in-your-face as many contemporary blues-rockers. He does not wail constantly until your ears are fried, instead taking a more subtle approach with nonetheless terrific guitar playing. This CD contains a remarkably consistent set of some of his best tunes. I recommend it to fans of the genre.
This music is genuine art as opposed to commercial stuff that's made just to sell. I burned a CD from iTunes and this I keep in my car. This CD, The Wildwood Valley Boys, Emmy Lou Harris, O' Brother Where Art Thou - this is worthwhile listening to.
Recommend for all Teas as well as wannabees.I"d give anything to be in Texas" is my favorite.My buddy in Panama just loves it , so I sent him an MP3.Please advise me when he receives the MP3 and has downloaded i.Today is 13 Aug and Rudy has not received his MP3 of Randy Garibay.
Like the Big Band sound of the 30's and 40's.  This DVD is presents a good cross section of some of what is classified as Boogie Woogie type of music from this era.  Would be nice to have some of the Big Bands still playing in this day and age.
This is a great venue in NO and so is this show.  The recording quality could be better.  That's my only complaint.
I stumbled across this album after looking for a Body Count cover of "Hey Joe" after hearing Howard Stern. I listened to the sample from this particular band who I've never heard before and was immediately interested! I listened to all the other clips and bought the album. This is a GREAT album! It has that thick rich sound that I really like, and it has a little jam band in it, and it's recorded live. Awesome guitar work! They put a great, original twist on familiar songs while keeping the tunes 'true' to their original intended sound. It all adds up to being a very good listen and definitely worth checking out! Worth picking up!! Great cd for anyone who appreciates good blues music! Very impressed with this band and very happy about this purchase.
I had the priveledge to see Elliot at Disney World. He was SO smooth and cool. He had the audience eating out of the palm of his hand. He came over to me and my date was just great. The CD shows some of his smoothness
The tracks are awesome no doubt. However after 45 minutes of research, i have come to find that almost none of these songs have sheet music available anywhere! It is very frustrating, because my favorite songs are on this CD! AHHH
big chief say, a-lye-o!  a-lye-o  ...... you dem indians in treme?  den youse gunna like diss itchy poo park yeah
Excellent for what it is; Electronic / Jazz - Christian - Blues. VIH (Victory In Heaven) The recordings are done well, it just does not have all the mastering that a lot of today's listeners are use to getting when they hear an over produced piece.
"Letterbox" is Drew Gibson's debut CD.  He's a Virginia native who can roll out the slow blues with the best of them.  He's got a soft, husky voice that has you chilled out through most of the cuts. The instrumentation is spare and simple which is good.It's hard to pick a favorite from these selections.  "Blue Shirt" talks about the pleasure of the simple things.  "Music Chair" is one of the most uptempo songs, which reminds me a lot of Dave Matthews without the sax.  The rolling guitar on this particular selection just sparkles. "Wishing you well" is a great choice for the closer on this CD.  It's a soulful benediction from a collection of quiet music that's just plain "all things good."Rebecca Kyle, June 2008
This Guy Can Really Lay Down The Licks. The Record Is Almost Flawless Except For 3 Songs- Missing You And Pain In My Heart Quite Boring.He Needs To lay Off The S.R.V Vibe And Go Deeper To The Likes Of J.Page Or Rory G. The Sound This Guy Gets From His Vintage Gibson Guitar Is Second To Nun.Take Notice Of This Well Seasoned Blues Rock Man. He's The Real Deal.
There is some very nice americana music on this collection with country alternative and southern rock flavors blended in the mix. Gregg is a fine singer and songwriter and this cd has many memorable tunes that will stick with you. Also some great work by many Gainesville, Florida musicians helping Gregg round out his sound on this record. Worth the ticket price no doubt.
Art's style is simple yet poignent - he sings what he feels and doesn't worry about censoring himself or wondering what the music market will think. More power to him. If you happen to visit Madison WI, you can find him performing at Genna's Lounge on the capitol square every Wednesday night.
One of my best friends (okay my best friend, though he has better friends than me) is a friend of Mark's and really loves listening to his interpretation of a classic sound.  I dig it, too.
From the town that brought you Roy Buchanan and Danny Gatton (I played drums with both of them) - here's the latest wiz kid, Bobby Manriquez!! This is a must have album for guitar enthusiasts. Bobby combines a super rich tone that is indescribable, with funk and "DC hot licks"!. I'm not easily impressed - I really love what I hear here.
Jeanne is a talented singer and songwriter who weaves her stories of pain and healing with a clear, compelling voice. She sings of making it through the challenges of abuse and being a single mother, as well as her love for the beauty around her. Her songs, like her paintings, come straight from the heart.The song "Lifelines" tells of following the journeys of a son trying to make his own way in life. That son is Eli Mattson (whose piano backs up some of her songs), and Jeanne has given him the gift of poetry and music. For anyone who likes blues/folk/jazz, give "Lost Moth: Found" a try, and look for her newest CD, "Ghost Ranch".
This live set backing "blues singer" Katherine Davis with the crack Chicago Blues Ensemble (featuring the wonderful Boogie Woogie piano player Erwin Helfer!) must have been great fun for the audience. The music is great with a wonderful New Orleans-style rocker "Never Make a Move Too Soon" clocking in at just under 10 minutes. "Watermelon Man" that Mongo Santamaria jazz hit from the 1960s leads of the disc and really lets the band play. Davis takes on the risqu&eacute; 20s blues diva hit " I Need A Little Sugar for My Bowl" and is lots of fun. There are some long song intros and "shout ots" to folks in the audience included and they will wear out their welcome on repeated playing. (2 are "indexed"; the others aren't).The version of the traditional "Make Me A Pallet On The Floor" is definitely in a completely different tempo than you've ever heard before and I found myself hitting the "skip" button about half way through the song.The sound it great for a "live" recording in a small club, but I expect that from Siren.The problem with "live" recordings is that they are done in one take. Sometimes that's not always the best. In the case of this CD, it captures the moment but an all-musical studio album might have worked better.It's still worth checking out, especially with Helfer at the keys!Steve Ramm "Anything Phonographic"
After hearing these guys live in Houston, I had to get the album.  The album is good - no disappointment here.  Standout songs include "Played the Fool" with its riff loosely reminiscent of Expressway (To Your Heart), and "Memphis" with its lovely vocal harmony.In addition to owning the album, one *must* see them live.  They put on a fine show.  They did a really great cover of "Shaky Ground" &agrave; la Delbert McClinton that reminded me how much I love that song.  A moving cover of "Against My Will" (written by the late Stephen Bruton) helped make a pleasant mix for the final set.  The original material fit well with the selected covers.  The band is solid, and John Gaar is a fine guitar player.  This album gives a good feel for the type of music to expect, but Gaar and his Hopeful Souls have much more to offer.
For three yanks, Split Level demonstrates ability and style in keeping alive a long tradition of rock n' roll with roots in the blues.Keep it up mates!Keith Richards ~
The digital download has different songs than that of this record.  5 out of the 12 are on the digital down with the addition of 4 that are not on the record.......
Wonderful track selections from the work of the late great Lightnin' Hopkins. Pity that there's a nasty digital dropout in Glory Be. Lightning is ever amazing, the depth and beauty of his blues is awe inspiring. A Texas original, a genius. As Townes Van Zandt once said "the Blues is happy music".
a few good short stories, its not Isaac's best work but its good stuff none the less beep beep beep
There have been many recordings of the &#34;music of yesteryear&#34; over time, but this album is a keeper for anyone into the 1920's automated music era.
Chicago club legend Duke Tumatoe is still alive and pickin' with his bluesy Power Trio, but his original lineup was great, too. In fact, I always preferred the lighter, often more melodic and sparkling sound of this late-'70s record, the only one I know of with his All Star Frogs band. The champagne sound of "Blues With a Feeling" and "Sweetest Thing" is still magical, and there are plenty of bluesy moments, too. I never thought I'd hear this music again, so it was a tremendous treat to find it available again.
A subtle beginning, the first two songs set up a melancholy album that tugs at heart-strings.The epic love story Josephine will move you.The Wrong Man will have you toe tapping and singing along after the first playthrough.Sad, lamenting balads lead you to the gumbo of Catfish Blues / Tale on Johnson Rd.The album does not portend to be anything but pure, emotion laden, feelings.  These are the Blues, as only Brett can bring them to you.
i found this to a deligtful cd and would buy others from stoney curtis band,great guitar work and exceptional musicianship!
the tunes 'Weatherman' and 'Down the Line' I can listen to all day long, very soulful.  Glad to see also that the late great bluesman Bill Chinnock from the North Country is remembered here, he is missed by this old Maine blues fan.
I enjoy acoustic guitar regardless of the genre.  John Williams is a master guitarist who brings his skill to any music he plays.  I knew I would like `Acoustic Country Blues Guitar' and I was not disappointed.Blues guitar is perhaps a little more about feel then skill.  While Williams has ample amounts of both, the listener may want to add a little of his or her own soul to the music.  That said, `Acoustic Country Blues Guitar' is well worth the effort, along with your time and money.
Eric Arceneaux has a style that is missing from today's music.  The album itself is good.  My favorite tracks are &#34;Say Goodbye&#34; and &#34;Won't Be Afraid&#34;
Orta's material is OK, I guess a mix between Lester's famous swampy beat with a little tex-mex. But Lazy Lester is as great today as back in his late 50's/early 60's prime, when he blasted jukeboxes throughout Louisiana with his Excello label classics.I Hear You Knockin'!(Such as "Sugar Coated Love" and "Lover Not A Fighter"-covered by the Kinks & Yardbirds) Sound is crisp, though maybe Paul's guitar may be a bit over amped on this independent release. Lazy Lester's harp is crystal clear, as are both men's vocals. Material is fine, with a mix of slow-burnin' originals and covers by such usual suspects as Jimmy Reed & Elmore James. The finales are a rowdy six and a half minute title jam, and Freddie Fender's 70's country hit "Wasted Days & Wasted Nights". (Fender had covered some of Lazy Lester's tunes, so this is payback time, I guess.)"Shuffle With Lester" is avaliable as a download single.
This is a great album of country rock tunes. Reminds me of the Byrds, Neil Young, Jayhawks type music. I guess you could say its nothing ground breaking, but its an album that is easy to listen to all the way through. Short disc, but every song is good
I would give this album 4 stars, mainly because it takes a lot to get five stars from myself.  Izzy and Chris are a Blues Duo.  Izzy plays guitar and Sings, and Chris is on Harmonica.  In the days where there is a lot of processing in getting music to sound good, I can tell you there is not a lot of processing on this album.  I heard them Live, and it basically sounds the same.  Definitely worth checking out the album, if not at least "Flat Broke and Busted".
"Grandma Mary's Latin Rock," from the 71-year-old Mary Ho, is a release filled mostly with calm and mellow renditions of popular songs. The background instrumentation is relatively simple throughout the album, yet it is professional and not overbearing. This is because the focus of this instrumental album, is on Mary's articulate and skilled guitar playing. On "Black Magic Woman" we really get a sense of Mary's bluesy side as she plays with soul and gusto. On "Apache" we are presented with a quasi-soothing western song in which she lets her guitar sing out in a lovely fashion. On the final track, "Canon Rock," Grandma Mary rips out some hot rock lead guitar riffs! This album is filled with numerous genres and sounds; it is for the most part a tranquil album, with some rockers mixed in as well. You will appreciate this album if you want to be inspired by an album that demonstrates that a love for music is a lifelong passion.  Sean B. and the[...] Reviewer Team
The lady isn't only sexy as the subtitle states. She is a very talented, soulful vocalist as well.  The sound is fresh yet timeless. Subtle tributes and interpolations pop up throughout the proceedings but never overshadow. For example "Swinging all night" wouldn't sound out of place on a "HI Records" anthology or a "neo soul" compilation.Its a matter of personal taste, but my only issue with this long player is that at times it feels a bit too synthisized.  All in all, Its a pretty great indy production with multiple songs that deserve multiple plays. I hope we get to hear much more from the "Sexy" and talented "lady of southern soul".
I am a big fan of country blues, I listen to it and perform it.  For those we like this music it is often a voyage of discovery.  I like to track down the origins of well known blues songs.  For some reason I was looking for an acoustic ideas on the song Crosscut Saw, made famous of course by Albert King, almost iconic to his name.  Well here it is, the original, different but great. And its someone I had not heard of before.  I love that!  This CD is rich in content, they included 43 of his songs.  I buy things on Amazon to download and sometimes regret not getting the CD because I miss the program notes.  This is one where I wish I had them. Great content, great music, great value.  Enjoy!
bought this mp3 album from amazon after going back to "east coast blues in the thirties (1934-1939)." there is a gent on there who went by the name of "tampa kid." it is assumed that the alias was used by "papa" charlie mccoy who is one of the members of this group. as tampa kid he recorded two songs, "keep on trying" and my favorite version of the blues classic, "baby please don't go." although you don't find those songs here you can however find them on vol.2 of this very set. if you're looking to own these songs i prefer, "east coast blues in the thirties (1934-1939)." however, this album isn't bad at all. it has a few songs with charlie mccoy's nice voice, a few old time gospel tunes with his brother's voice and a few other bluesy tunes. if you're an avid folk and blues fan then this is definitely worth checking out. i wasn't crazy about every song, but the ones i enjoyed i loved. 4 out of 5 means 80% which is too low for this album. it's not a 5 star album either. i would say this is 4.25 (85% or a solid "B"). recommended.
This is a great collection of songs. Anyone who is interested in the Blues should check out Lonnie Johnson's work you may be surprised at how much it influences others.
I was so happy to see some bit of remains of Cowboy as they caught my attention while playing on one of the live Allman Brothers albums years ago. Nice work.
I finally bought this and Scott Boyer album "All My Friends." Neither sound exactly like Cowboy but there are so many bits and pieces that remind one of that great band that if you were a Boyer & Talton fan you'll feel right at home. These two cd's and the new live Cowboy Reunion 2010 will put you in a great place. I saw these guys in downtown Miami right after the 4th and final Cowboy album came out. They were more than good, they were great!!!
Prime Cuts:  Talkin' About You, Slow Poke, If I Had YouSome "blings" are not just your eye-catching, flashy, and ostentatious ornaments. Rather, they are so revolutionary that they make a career charting statement.  Ever since her debut CD for the now dysfunction Asylum Records, Davis has never made it a secret her penchant for western music.  Though she has made writing and recording contemporary country music her bread and butter, she has always allowed her indulgence for the west to emerge in songs such as "Lone Star Swing," "Yodel Blues" and "Summer Nights in Dixie."  This time round on "Western Bling," Davis has decided to give her pen a rest.  Instead, she has decided to dust off some of the classic gems from the 1920s and 1930s and re-dressed them with a western swing twist.  Hence, she and her co-producer Rich O'Brien have inadvertently created a new genre where fiddles and steel guitars exist conterminously with the tunes of the Gerswhins, Pee Wee Kings and Cindy Walker.One of this CD's greatest pluses is that it has a very relaxing feel to it.  It's almost as if Davis in her languid and easy going style takes us on a sonic slow journey passed the streets of wildly cascading baskets of fuschia bougainville and pausing to enjoy the eastern sky blazes pink, purple, orange, and red above the still-silhouetted piney hills.  Case in point is the beautiful rendering of Cindy Walker's classic "Baby, That Sure Would Go Good" where her nuanced reading of this romantic ballad is picturesquely sweet.  In a high spirited mode, the ensemble offers a sprightly version of "If I Had You" originally made famous by Bing Crosby.  While she throws off her shoes for some down time with "Slow Poke."  Offering invaluable advice as to how to deal with spousal discontent, "Slow Poke" still have layers of lessons ready for us decades after it has been written.Some frisky moments abound with Davis' jovial reading of Bob Willis "Talkin' About You," heightened by its call and response chorus by Davis and a group of male Louie Jordan-styled response.  "Nevertheless" is testimonial to how songs of yore have the ability to conjure emotions so real and engaging as this 1931 classic speaks of the first flashes of love.  The dreamy Bobby Darin classic "Beyond the Sea" is the perfect getaway one can enjoy without even leaving your chair.  Davis' delivery here is so soothing you can almost feel the breeze of the ocean blowing across your brow.Perhaps, if there's a weakness in this otherwise stellar CD, it's that the backings are kept to such a minimalistic level that sometimes it becomes a little soporific.  If the percussion were to be more at the fore creating more of a beat, it would be more engaging.  Also, ballads seem to dominate here and it would be even more interesting if the tempo were to be more varied.  Nevertheless, despite these quibbles, "Western Bling" really strikes new turf:  for who would have thought jazzy old standards and the western music could enjoy such a satisfying marriage?
Tubie Pushe'e and his outstanding third release, "Blue With Envy," shines brightly with original and creative Texas-style blues. The first track, "Gimme Back My Car," leads off the disc with a flurry of good ol' blues. The vocals belt out the trials of love gone wrong, while the harmonica blows harmonious riffs and the walking bass line moves the steady and solid beat. Generous helpings of organ hooks and edgy guitar riffs heat up the bluesy tones of "Me and My Woman" which gives this song a deep, country roots feel. A bit of down home country flavor highlights the vocals while the piano complements the sweet guitar solo on "Home." "Skubie's Do 2" is a lush and lyrical guitar solo which is not only blues expression at its best but shows the great talent offered up on this disc. Pushe'e not only displays his love of the blues with engaging style but he also offers some diversity with tempo changes throughout the album. You can't go wrong listening to the well-fashioned songs of "Blue With Envy" by Tubie Pushe'e, as it is packed with terrific vocals, lyrics, and a solid support of instruments.Diane and the [...]
This has been one of my most listened to albums over the past year. Dirty Power delivers as promised. Shane's tone, playing, arranging and writing are top notch. If you like interesting, melody driven instrumental guitar records you'll love this. This isn't your typical guitar heroics recording, though those moments are there, this is a well song crafted, New Orleans groove album. This is an extremely well done effort from guitarist who deserves his place in the sun.
I had never heard of this artist but found him while sampling music on Amazon if I recall correctly.  His style is somewhat like that of Bobby Bland but without the edge.
The Halley DeVestern Band has come a ways since its 1997 debut Sugar Free. 2009's Muscle Memory shows marked improvement in melodic and instrumental finesse, and lead singer DeVestern's voice is evolving nicely in its gruff expressiveness. Yet Muscle Memory contains a couple of songs that won't be to everyone's taste due to skanky, albeit clever lyrics. "Church Camp Girl" for example, sports this verse: "You can't walk on water if it ain't hard/Paradise is the backseat of my car/I hope you ain't no teaser, I hope you ain't no faker/Pull down my fly, girl, and meet your maker." Tunes like that probably go over well on the nightclub circuit, but on a recorded album, their amusement quickly fades.Despite such foibles, there's plenty to praise here, most notably "Semi Sunset", and the brilliant "Mercy", the latter exhibiting songwriting prowess worthy of a top-flight artist. And you can't help but like an album that contains a song entitled "This Bag's Got A Brand New Papa". When DeVestern leaves behind the kitschy sex romps, she's got a five star album in her.
Halley is the real deal. In this dark time of Soylent-Sound predigested product fluff, made of feathers and turkey...lips, Halley is the antidote. She can really belt it out and write something with attitude, grit and spunk. If this doesn't get you going, bad-news: ur'dead!
I have this CD for sale, but cannot find a place to list it. Please contact me if you have interest. The UPC number I put into the Amazon system does not recognize this product for some reason. Great bar-band blues albums of songs! Comes in like new shape in digipac as shown. all best!
Ok, Ukelele music is more than a bit retro, but the direct personal connection it makes never goes out of style.  These songs are simple and straightforward, well done and simply itchin' for you to jump in and sing along with.
The perfect bluesey Christmas song with which to slug back a couple of bourbon nogs and wrap gifts to yourself.
Yeah, Christmas time can be a set-up for some serious blues. After the sad story has been told however, this song has an uncommon resolve that takes you through the grief, then moves you back into the "rhythm" of life. I won't spoil the surprise. Lovely singing, fine musicianship.
I ve  enjoyed compilation of best blues autors ever! Easy listening for any mood . I will recommend this album to anyone who like blues music.
If you love the blues then you need to know Lucky Peterson. He is a gifted musician and singer. His work is consistently good and fun with a little bit of the wow factor as well. Buy this cd. You will not be disappointed.
Good Blues. Guitar riffs galore. Gets you up and dancing.  Fun to listen to. Go see them if you can.
An eclectic and personal batch of home recordings by a sometimes foolishly indulgent recording artist/archivist.  Here are track descriptions by the artist himself:"Meditation in Motion - aka "Yoga Dea" for my wife Manuela. This is a great accompaniment to self reflection and contemplation.Pretty Baby - I'm an old dog, but I still like to rock out a bit. This is a just a raucous saloon salute to my wife one day when she was looking good :)Let It Flow - a mellow, hippie dippie, 60's lounge groove featuring some sexy sax work by Matt Lott and some nice jazzy, dark, murky tones from my Les Paul and the electric vibraphone.Little Red Fox - another sexy lounge blues dedicated to my gorgeous "little Red Fox"Les Paul Blues - a good friend of mine, guitarist John Pfeiffer saw my Les Paul lying around in dust one day and chastised me to get the damn thing set up. He kindly brought it to legendary luthier Paul Unkert's shop and got it fixed for me. I've primarily been playing a strat for the past decade and the Les Paul felt like a foreign object to me once I got it back. Little by little I got back into it and coaxed some sweet tones out of it. One day I was down in the basement busting up some blues and recorded it. The next day Les Paul died so I figured that this might serve reasonably well as a modest tribute to him..Mattison Nocturne - Here in Asbury Park there is a small cluster of businesses comprising an outpost of urban renewal that hasn't quite gotten there yet. It creates a unique mixture of vibrant hope and change amidst certain danger and darkness on the edge of town..Light of Day - On 10/29/09 there was a bad ass reggae band at the Saint. Despite my obvious and utter lack of ability to have or hint at any scrap of real reggae musical ability, this tune jumped out of my soul the next day.. Despite its ghoulish shortcomings there is something about this tune I enjoy.. Maybe Matt's sax chords?Get Gnarly! - improvised surf jam featuring Joe Savio (AGENCY) on drums and Jay Walker (TOP BASS 2008 Asbury Park Music Awards). Title credit to "Wills" Weller.Need To Know (featuring Brianna Brice) - is a very old tune I wrote about 20 years ago while contemplating the bigger meaning of life, its pretty trippy to hear my teen age daughter singing it now..June 25, 2009 - R.I.P. Michael Jackson, this is an old melody I used to play as a kid when I was first starting out and feeling sad, scared and lonely. For some reason, it seemed fitting to record it on this day over a quarter of a century later..Damage Done -When you hope and you prayBut you know there's nothing left to sayIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..When you fight when you fearWhen you hate when love draws nearIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..All night and everydayEndless plight we run awayFrom ourselves into malaiseLiving hell of our own constraintIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..Its too late some will sayWritten fate that can't be changedIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..We're all hurt, we're all brokenToo many words, never spokenIts damage done, damage done,like a setting sun, it's damage done..Solar Garden - hippie pop groove?Pulsar - in a world grown so weary, apathetic and cold, what good does intelligence and acuity of vision serve when it only accompanies a vivid awareness of precisely how horrific things have become?Luna Muse Improv Part I (10/09/09) - cool improvised jam with an envelop filter on Matt's bass saxHigher Plane - sometime Manuela just gets into a deep, accepting space when she practices her Yoga. I enjoy a similar effect on marathon bike rides as well..Tuesday Night Blues - skanky, earthy, busting up some blues on a Tuesday night in March 2009Why Is All I Know - another meditative piece that accompanies contemplation well..Another Day (live bonus track) - old tune I wrote a long time ago, kind of sappy, but this has a great classic rock feel to it.." - Colie Brice 11/4/2009
Mark Nomad's musical landscape is relatively diverse as can be heard in his different projects. Yet, blues seems to be his primary cornerstone in most songs. I have liked bits and pieces of his different albums but found "Soul Proprietor" great all the way through.He plays several different blues/R&B; styles in this concert from Elmore James to Junior Wells to Bo Diddley to Dave Bartholomew (Fats Domino!) to even the Godfather himself, James Brown. All are done very well and very enjoyable.I was disappointed in the audience appreciation but not in the quality of the music and his presentation. An excellent album throughout that is worth spending your cash to purchase. Good Job!
Normally I would give an armature recording of a guitarist of Bryant's stature more than a little scrutiny given that there are often many other studio quality recordings to choose from but in this case, that's all there is! This home recorded set with renowned pedal steel player Buddy Emmons is next to the only Bryant you can find for MP3, an absolute crime considering that he is mentioned in virtually every summary of country guitar that I've ever read. Yet for whatever reason NONE of his most important earlier work with Speedy West is available in digital. That said, this is prime late career Bryant and the guitar is front and center in all of the mixes his playing is clearly bop-influenced and fluid as ever! My only hope is that some enterprising individuals will make more of his solo and Speedy West works available for digital download soon!
This is my first (but probably not my last) encounter with Brother Dege (aka Dege Legg) - the album popped up on Amazon's 'Recommended for You' list. After listening to the samples, I decided to buy it, and I've been listening to the album in all of its full glory for about a week now.The music on 'Folk Songs of the American Longhair' is a rock musician's take on Louisiana Delta Blues (all of the songs are written by Dege). Whilst the album rocks pretty hard occasionally, I think many songs work well as blues also - thanks, in no small measure, to the accomplished dobro slide playing which dominates the album instrumentally. Featured prominently also, are much bass drum thumping and Dege's slightly strangulated Southern rasp - he has quite a distinctive voice which makes you want to hold out for more. Other instruments played on selected tracks  are : organ, fiddle, electric guitar, electric bass and djembe. The basic tracks were 'recorded by Dege Legg in a shed in Southern Louisiana'; also, there are some studio overdubs and a bit of electronic tweaking to give extra texture and depth to the music (at times, sounding kind of spooky) - but nevertheless, much of the album's raw quality is still retained.Lyrically, you don't get a wide range of themes - with most of the songs concentrating on hardship, despair and the point of human existence (always assuming that there is one); but nonetheless, the lyrics do drive the message home, and they also lend an air of blues/roots authenticity to the music. There's a good mix of tempos on the album. My favourite tracks are : `The Girl Who Wept Stones', 'Too Old To Die Young', 'House of the Dying Sun', `Dead & Gone' and 'Old Angel Midnight'.'Folk Songs of the American Longhair' is an album of Southern gothic blues/roots-rock featuring some terrific dobro playing, interesting vocals, a high groove quotient and a mood that never inadvertently strays into anything remotely cheerful or optimistic. There are some additional instruments (other than dobro) played, but they don't get much of a look in - it would have been nice to hear a bit more of these (including a few short solos) because there isn't a great deal of instrumental variety from one song to the next (although the versatility of Dege's dobro playing compensates to some extent).The 30 second music samples don't really do Dege's dobro playing full justice - if you want to hear more, there are several clips on YouTube (decent sound quality). Try not to miss 'House of the Dying Sun' or 'Old Angel Midnight' - in my opinion, the album's best tracks.
Heard 1 song on the Django Unchained film and soundtrack, had to track this artist down. Some really good un-processed slide guitar rock.
Thank you, Quentin, for Django, and for introducing me to Brother Dege. "Two Old to Die Young" had me stomping my feet (and was the best song of the soundtrack). After the movie finished, I immediately looked up the soundtrack list. After listening to the rest of the "American Longhair" album samples, I had to have the whole album.
Chris Fitz Band is very good rock-leaning Blues group. I enjoyed this two disk collection and hope to see them live.
I like this a lot.  Very soulful.  Perhaps just a couple of years ahead of his time which may explain why we haven't heard anything else by this guy.  If you like Amos Lee and or Ray Lamontagne.....this is a definite add to your collection.
Mark Snowden's work here is exemplary roots blues executed with a minimum of technology (well, there is a wah-wah and synthesizer on "voodoo in the delta." Using a bass, simple drum kit (and stomp box) and playing his three-string cigar box guitar (made for him by legendary CBG builder "Red Dog Guitars" John McNair).There is a loose arc of interwoven narrative in the blues of "Boondock Jones" on many songs, teling his tales of sorrow and hard luck and broken love. However, there is a bit of "boogie-woogie" to the faster numbers offered here, it is as if Snowden is resisting the roots sound and tryingto get a full-on Rolling Stones" ballad out of thinner grueling pain.An enjoyable album reaching for a bit too much cool over the roots rock of the instruments.
For those of you who don't know who Mickey Baker is, this will give you a small taste of his music, I'm sure. If you're interested in jazz, buy his first book on jazz.. It has no equal. I can't wait for this book to arrive. When it does, I'll rewrite this revue.
Just a quick point of information. I listened to all the samples of this CD and they sound quite good.  But, wanted to save somebody a few minutes by pointing out that this is not the Scott Dunbar bluesman who recorded "From Lake Mary" -- which is now distributed by Fat Possum records.  That Scott Dunbar's been dead many years and his fans are always hoping somebody will discover some last tracks, which is why I stumbled across this CD by THIS Scott Dunbar.  This guy sounds great...just not the same person.
I discovered Wendy playing in the Austin airport. She played the song &#34;Hurricane&#34; for me off this CD and I decided to buy her album on the spot. I'm a blues fan so I love the songs &#34;Hurricane&#34;, &#34;Shine&#34;, and &#34;If I Had Possession Over Judgement Day&#34;. I also like &#34;Mojo Hannah&#34;, &#34;We Are One&#34;, &#34;The One That You've Been Waiting For&#34; and &#34;Is It True&#34;. Great voice.
Live in Asbury Park is a modest aural snapshot of live performances throughout Asbury Park, NJ venues and events over the past few years. Most importantly it showcases the stellar line up Ive solidified over the past few years which currently features Alan Gowa on lead guitar, Matt Lott on sax, Steven Lusardi on keys, Joe Savio on drums, and Jay Walker on bass. It is a sheer delight to have musicians of this caliber grant me the gift of playing my songs. I am humbled.There are some raw moments here and there, but I believe that the authenticity and natural presence of the music shines through and conveys sheer joy of playing music with people you really enjoy playing with!Thank you to all the local promoters that have given us gigs over the past few years including Kyle Brendle at the Stone Pony, Kurt Hesse from Jam Fest, Scott Stamper at the Saint, the Seaside Music Festival, Phanphest, the Wave Gathering, Eric and Tiffany Walz (for our one and only wedding gig), and Dave Warren for the classiest gig weve ever played - opening up for Jill Sobule at Daves incredibly lovely home!Furthermore, Asbury Park has some of the finest audio engineers around, and we are most grateful for all the guys who man the boards and make stuff sound good. This includes Tom Ruff at Asbury Media, Hinge, Brett, and Billy from the Saint, Jason at Asbury Audio, Elmo at the Stone Pony, and too many others Ive neglected to mention while writing this.Foremost, wed like to thank the folks who come out to support us. Theres so much great original music in Asbury Park on any given night and it is truly a buyers market, so its always really nice when we can scrounge up a decent crowd and have another little taste of rock & roll glory. People like Kristen Driscoll, Suzy Graham, Lisa Higley, Moira Horan, Sunny Zebe, and so many others truly keep the scene alive. On a really good night, Josh Matson shows up to paint in empathetic response to what youre playing live, thats when you know that the planets have truly aligned.Finally thanks to our families and friends who generously tolerate the sacrifices required for having relationships with Asbury alley cats who still like to play and especially my old Brian Saint and the Sinners kinsman Ben Feld who got me into Geena & Dragster as well as Capt. James and the P.A.I.N. Ben saw an old warhorse dying on the vine and gave him the kick in the ass to get back in the game. Thanks again pal..."
I heard the cut "Don't Tear My Clothes'...this 'unit' (frmrly 'album') has SOUL, rhythum, and melody/harmonyIm going to get it asap, hope I can find it local! (Everett/Seattle)Peace & Love :-)
This is my album, so of course I'm going to give it a good review. However, I do wish it was longer than six songs, if only I had waited to release it I would've had more songs to put on it, making it an actual full album and not just and EP. I'll certainly wait and have a full album on the next album I make, which, by the way, I am recording now.
A balanced melding of classic blues, R&B and jazz styles. Only suffers from a bit too much echo on the vocals at times. Also, too short an album.
I disagree about the audio quality! It sounds fine to me. A beautiful thing about the album is how it has a clastrophobic, old school bluesy sound for Bright Lights and Don't Owe You a Thang, but also each instrument is clear. It has plenty of dirt, and is great. Intro and Outro are great instrumental songs, Please Come Home is a fun 50s rnb tune, The Life isn't my favorite but isn't bad by any stretch, and Things are Changing has a great 70s soul sound. The only misstep is the last song, Breakdown, which clangs loudly after the lush Outtro and simply doesn't fit in an otherwise beautiful album. It should have been in a different CD full of more stadium rock-style material. This is a worthy buy, however. I bought the mp3 from amazon and it sounds great to me.
Anything by GCjr is a treat but his early self produced work is almost impossible to find so this is a real treat.  Checking out his early (pre Warner Bros.) work shows not only the promise he held as a young musician, but lets a fan follow his growth and development.
Blues, Soul and R&B...Gary Clark is a refreshing newer artist to listen to...take a listen for yourself.  You will enjoy...
I grew up in this era listening to this music on the radio. C. B. Savage was the single off this album, but Big Fanny is the better song. I make my living driving a truck, so I understand what the boy is saying, I find humor in what he is saying, and I love the classic honky tonk sound.
Artist: Celeste FriedmanAlbum: Single 101Review by Wildy HaskellCeleste Friedman is a highly lauded singer/songwriter/composer whose work has been featured on Live! With Regis And Kelly; The Ghost Hunter; A Prairie Home Companion; National Public Radio; Music Choice and ESPN.  A 2005 GRAMMY nominee, Friedman can lay claim to a #1 album, a GrIndie Award, Indie Track Of The Year Award, and a nomination for Artist of the Year in the Netherlands.  Friedman is also a prolific author, with her most recent book, Single 101: 101 Reasons To Celebrate Being Single raising the curtain on her own life and the joys of going it alone.  Concurrently, Friedman has written a collection of songs, also entitled Single 101, which serve as a musical companion to the book.  Friedman digs deep into the emotions of joy and loss, using humor and insight to parse emotions and get to the simple truths that lay underneath.Single 101 opens with "The Dribble On My Pillow", an amusing little ode to night drool done in a cute, classic pop style complete with hand claps.  There's a certain cheese factor, but it's all tongue in cheek and entertaining.  "Gotta Get It Right, Gotta Get It Straight" is all about trying to get your bearings, even taking time out from a relationship to find your true north.  This is the proverbial foot out the door whose status as a relationship clich&eacute; doesn't mitigate its occasional truth.  Friedman celebrates reclaiming her bed as her own in the wake of a relationship with "Mattress, Sweet Mattress", a bit of hokey fun that will hit home with most anyone newly single."I Can Change My Mind" underlines the classic line about a woman's prerogative with a funky bass line and some of the best piano work you'll hear in one of the best all-around tracks on the album.  "My Bra And His Underwear" is a humorous take on the comingling of a couple's undies in light of their fading shared libido.  It's a cute and funny bit of commentary in song that has the advantage of being informed by truth."Batteries Not Included" is an ode to the sort of products that make living on your own more bearable.  In this funny little tune, Friedman explores the purchase of one such item from the internet, right down to getting dressed up for the delivery and the knowing grin from the UPS man.  Everything comes together for Friedman on this number, from the vaguely nervous, almost Christine-Lavin style sense of humor to the musical arrangement.  Friedman tackles such subjects as emotional eating ("I'm Pudding On Weight") and the unintended side effects of garments from Victoria's Secret ("Suddenly We're All French") before settling into a surprisingly serious love ballad entitled "This Time".  Here Friedman shows a bit of 1980's pop/R&B; pastiche in a tune that sounds like it should have charted twenty-five years ago."Three Little Words" is a bluesy number about a partner who just can't say the right things, and leads into the woeful melancholy of "Taken Away".  It's hard to discern exactly what Friedman's intent is with this tune, but the musical approach is a bit off the beaten path and intriguing.  Friedman slips her funny shoes back on with "Barbie's Got The Blues", projecting relationship troubles onto America's favorite anatomically unlikely plaything.  "Flying Solo" is a song of independence that throws off the shackles of expectation.  Stylistically jazzy and fun, Friedman channels her inner Nellie McKay for one of the best turns on the album.  Friedman closes with "Every Day Is Independence Day", a song that touts the opportunities and possibilities made available by being single, delivered in a semi-big band style arrangement.  It's a nice closer that supports Friedman's sense of celebration of singlehood.Celeste Friedman mixes funny and serious moments on Single 101.  As a stand-alone album Single 101 has enough light and dark to give a full reflection to the ups and downs of relationships and also of choosing to be on your own.  As a soundtrack for Friedman's book of the same name it is a sublime companion.  The musical ups and downs on Single 101 are quite comparable to those found in life.  If by design this is pure genius.  If by accident then it is the sort of socio-musical accident that is the by-product of artistry.  Either way, Single 101 is an entertaining farce that pauses to uncover some of the more serious truths that lay beneath its comical face.Review by Wildy Haskell
First heard them couple years back in Jacksonville FL at the Springing the Blues festival. Enjoyed them so much I've bought both their CD (MP3) releases
If you like jazz standards by the like of Ella Fitzgerald, you owe it to yourself to give this a try. Sophia approaches the material respectfully, adding her own spin (listen to the samples and judge for yourself). Her voice has a lilting yet husky quality- perfectly controlled- that enraptured me. This is great music for a lazy Sunday- or, indeed, any day!
This guy can sing the goddamn blues! And write some, too. In person, he holds the mike too close and it blatts out, but he's got soul and he puts out some very fine tunes, so I'll buy the MP3's. One of the Bay Area's best -- and if there are better people of his age on the national scene, I'd like to hear about them. Jackie Payne's older.
Jake Eckert is best known for his work as the guitarist for the Dirty Dozen Brass Band.  Knowing that, you would expect this album to be something on the jazz side of New Orleans funk.  Instead, this is more of a blues album, although a thoroughly New Orleans one with a heavy dose of funk.  When Dr. John plays blues, this is basically how it sounds, complete with well-arranged horns (and of course an appearance by the Dirty Dozen).  For an aesthetic point of reference, think of Goin' Back To New Orleans.  Eckert's voice is fine, with enough grit for the material, but not really anything special.  What is special, not surprisingly, is Eckert's guitar work.  The Dirty Dozen aren't going to fill their ranks with anybody who isn't worthy of contributing to their legacy, and Jake Eckert knows his way around the fretboard.  More importantly, he has a distinctively slippery sound that fits the lively mood of the music well.  One listen and you know that it's a Jake Eckert solo.  Given Eckert's ability to play everything from blues to jazz to funk to country, the fact that the album stays so consistently with the New Orleans blues sound is kind of surprising.  For 45 minutes, though, it is satisfying without getting monotonous.  It isn't like Eckert is shy about changing things up.  His current project-- The New Orleans Suspects-- sticks closer to Meters-style funk, for those who need to hear Eckert in a different context.Further listening:  Josh Garrett, Honey Island Swamp Band, Colin Lake, Eric Lindell, Anders Osborne.
It is a good album. This album can't touch &#34;White Sugar&#34; though! This chick can absolutely jam on guitar and she has a wonderful voice. I wish she would have put more hot guitar playing on this album. Be sure to check her live playing out on You Tube! Just in her 20's and a fine musician! We need more blues ladies like her in the world!
Blonde guitarist Jo Taylor does a good job with the strings and good songs on an overall good effort (2nd album, I guess). However her voice begs for blues, not rockers. I wish she played the blues instead. Her album contains two or three blues numbers only.
And by a woman!  Yeah!  What does the CD sound like?  I think I would describe it as having a "True Blood" feel.  Hints of Stevie Ray Vaughan (MGRHS) and maybe a voice similarish to Bonnie Raitt (but with her own decidedly unique style).  I picked this CD up on a whim and am really glad I took the chance.  Never heard of her - but I bet a lot of folks will soon.
I love the blues. In that respect, this is a good CD. However, Joanne can't sing. Her singing drags down what is otherwise a very nice recording.  I would still commend this to my fellow blues lovers, especially if you like it rockin'!  But I would go for Kenny Wayne Shepard over Joanne in the rockin' blues department.
The follow up to her wildly addictive debut White Sugar this album by British blues rock guitarist Joanne Shaw Taylor does a number of things. Firstly it expands her repertoire considerably and presumably her live shows will be able to be more fleshed out. Secondly this album has her showing a bit more restraint in terms of the guitar solos and she also uses more of a whispering vocal style in parts which is different if not actually a good thing.Obviously when you come out of the blocks with a debut as good as Ms Taylor did the follow up won't hit people as hard and this album doesn't. But it has a danker feel of grit to it than the aforementioned debut and that isn't a bad thing. Issues arise however with the whispering vocals that fade into obscurity at times, songs that just don't sparkle like those of the debut and the guitar tones sought here seem obtusely thicker without necessarily obtaining extra gravitas as part of the deal.Highlights on this album would have to be the slow starting first track, Can't Keep Living Like This, Dead and Gone and the title track. Dead and Gone in particular sounds like it would be out of place on the first tune with the guitar and vocal riding a melody that is both plaintive and upbeat at the same time with a tasty fade out solo.
I give four stars for the recording only because we had the honor of attending a live performance which i give 5 stars ! Will buy more JST !
This is a nice recording. It's got that late 60's to early 70's vibe. The black righteous lyrics are interesting but also questionable. Does Syl really believe owning a Cadillac will get him justice in society? Oh...well. It was a different time. The syrupy groove integrates(no pun intended) nicely with Syl's vocals. His quality of voice and style are similar to Al Green. This guy was obviously a great talent, but I only became familiar with him a few months ago. If you are a child of the Civil Rights era you might really get into this song. If you are not a child of this period, you can get a glimpse into early soul music, a lot which I feel is a higher quality than a lot of "neo-soul" stuff that's out there currently.
This cat is a thrown down blues boogie man, always entertaining live and this record captures that feel inside a studio setting. Opening with "Blues Booty" this track sets the stage for a good ol' time. This feel continues thru the release featuring "Stimulus Man" a very smart twist on the old theme of double entrandre' set in a fabulous current theme. Not just a one-trick pony, Vasti can melt your heart with such slow tempo blues burners such as "I'll Dry Your Tears" and "No Pay Day" which captures the current work and economic situation.Vasti always has his hand on the pulse of real music for real people and you should check this cat out.While not seeing everything in the Blues we see a lot of what's good and current at blues411.com, see ya there.
If you like your blues outside of the 12 bar and 3 cord structure, on the R&B side with a healthy dose of horns and all original songs, this is the album, If you are not familiar with Vasti, do your research for Vasti and you'll discover he is a real gem ... way under-appreciated.
Great music from a proven musician. We are looking forward to Dan coming to Albuquerque to do a BITS presentation.
As of Feb 02, 2011, the links or the titles for tracks 3 and 4 are mixed up.  Track 3 is listed as "I Won't Give Up," but the sample link and the Buy MP3 link are both connected to the song "Ribshack Blues Cafe."  Track 4 is the opposite.  Track 4 is listed as "Ribshack Blues Cafe," but the sample link and the Buy MP3 link are both connected to the song "I Won't Give Up."  It looks like either the track listings or the links need to be corrected.
This is a German duo who've been around for some 20 some odd years. The music is very nice,as are the vocals. Sometimes you can tell English is not their 1st language, but is very nonetheless. I'm glad Amazon recommended this & I'm glad I took a chance.
I am sure what the other reviewer was expecting but it seems Kim has moved with the times. He has still kicks but with his leads. He has more of an uptempo band and he has the singer from Joe Perry Projects first couple of albums.I enjoyed it.
This man is my cajun squeezebox hero. If you are down just listen to this and you can not help but be cheered up.
The music is very, very good and I'm glad that I bought this CD. Unfortunately, the music is not truly great and lacks maturity. The star is barley a teenager and his talent is extraordinary given his age. If I did not know the age, I would rate this 3 stars. That this performer will continue to grow and go from very good to exceptional (without conditioning on age) is a safe bet. You will want to have all of his recordings when that happens and this is the first. You can brag, later on, that you have been in on the secret from the beginning if you buy this CD now. You will like it but this isn't Wes Montgomery. It is a first step in what will likely be a great career.
I really like this kid and his guitar playing. I love to see kids playing real music and keeping rock and blues alive when there is so much crap out there these days. I can't wait until his voice changes.
This is a great intro CD - seems like a sampler - a mix of styles - some i like, others i dont.  I will check what his next one contains to see if i will purchase it or not.
In the 40+ years that I have been listening to blues guitarists, I have never heard one any better than Quinn Sullivan.Despite his ear-piercing voice (he is only 12 years old, after all, and hasn't yet reached puberty; but when his voice changes he should be a musical force to reckon with!) and the sad fact that not all the cuts on this CD are blues, his guitar playing makes up for any deficiencies he might have in the vocal area.Recently, I had the pleasure of seeing Quinn perform on stage with "the real deal, Buddy Guy" (as Quinn calls him in one of the songs on this CD), and it seemed to me that Buddy had to work to keep up with Quinn.Some of the cuts on the CD remind me of Justin Bieber songs, light and poppish, but then again, his incredible guitar playing makes up the difference.
Quinn Sullivan's accomplishments speak far more about his guitar playing than anything I can possibly write. Simply put, how many other 12-year-old guitarists does blues master Buddy Guy invite to tour with him, and also play at his blues club? If Buddy Guy didn't think that Quinn was the real deal, then why did he co-write the biographical song "Buddy's Blues" for Cyclone, and then play a blistering solo that about melts the CD?  At the age of NINE, Quinn played a solo on Buddy's CD "Skin Deep." At age TEN, Quinn shared the stage with Buddy and B.B. King, both of whom gave Quinn time to solo, proving once again that the blues are the only music that really matters. This CD is an impressive collection of primarily rock and some blues music. Producer and drummer Tom Hambridge co-wrote 10 of the 12 songs, including three with Quinn, most of the rest with Richard Fleming, and two by himself, including the title track, an instrumental. "My Sweet Guitar" kicks off the album with a driving rhythm and energetic guitar. "Peace & Harmony" closes the album on a low-key way, in keeping with the theme of the song title. Quinn is listed as a co-writer on both of these songs. Other strong songs include "Good to See You," which sounds like it could have come from an early Beatles' record, and "Ten Years Down the Road." One challenge facing young musicians is being asked to sing material that is beyond their years, especially songs of heartbreak and despair. There's none of that drama on Cyclone. This collection focuses on songs about music, including two about guitars. Child prodigy is an accurate label when it comes to describing Quinn's fluid guitar playing, showing wisdom and skills well beyond his years. When it comes to vocals, it will be interesting to see what happens as Quinn's voice matures. For now, his voice works best when he sings with support from others. Not to discourage his efforts, but songs like "Summer of Love" are a bit hard to take, as the notes push his voice into the strain zone. It's too bad Quinn's first single, which he wrote and recorded when he was nine, "Sing, Dance and Clap Your Hands" was not included on the album; it's a catchy tune.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MSEric Hanke's music is a perfect fit for Labor Day. That's his niche, songs for the working man which are saturated throughout his second CD, Factory Man. He's Guy Clark, with more swing as on the opening cut "It Ain't Really Love."The Clark comparison isn't unusual since Texas is his base-camp. Although, like yours truly, he was born and raised in Michigan. The centerpiece of the CD is the title cut "Factory Man"'a nod to the problems many Americans are facing today."That song is about when that place, after so many years, was closing down and outsourcing all of the jobs to China and Brazil," said Eric. "At the time, I wrote it about that one place in particular, but it became about unemployment in general and the hard economic times people are going through."He furthers the concept by using a photo of his grandfather on the CD, who had immigrated to the U.S. and spent his whole life working at the same plant."It's a workingman's tune," Eric explained about the song. "On the back of the Factory Man album, there's a picture of my grandfather when he was 17 years old in Germany, when he got his apprenticeship as a tool-and-die maker."The CD is packed with 11 cuts of outstanding Americana roots-music, that sound straight out of  a Texas roadhouse.Eric's friend and drummer, Merel Bregante, produced the Factory Man album. Bregante made his mark drumming for the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and Loggins & Messina.I especially love "Mr. Slim's Blues" and "East Side Blues" that are seasoned with a nice helping of soulful rock.
OK, first let me say that I have not heard the album in it's entirety - hence the 4 star rating.  I have seen this performer on tv and was impressed enough to hunt down her work.  I applaud her manager for not pushing her voice beyond it's current range. She is an outstanding musician and songwriter.  I wish I had more time, but please - listen to a few of her cuts, look her up on Youtube.  She is not just a remarkable child, she is a wonderful young musician right now.  If she keeps her feet on the ground, Jaden will be filling our hearts with beautiful music for decades to come.
Those two guitarists - man and wife - are playing in the 21st Century but their minds are certainly in the 1920's and 1930's with a strong influence of the duets recorded by Lonnie Johnson and Eddie Lang or the early Piedmont blues stylists. Everything is very tasty with wonderful guitars interplay and excellent vocals, male and female. A very rewarding first recordRead more...
"The Milwaukee quartet that call themselves Tweed Funk have just released an eye-opening debut entitled `Bringin It', that combines elements of jazz, neo-soul, funk, and the blues to create a high-energy, versatile sound, and includes nine originals and one cool cover...Tweed Funk have taken the traditions of the blues and today's music to successfully forge a unique sound all their own."- Nashville Blues SocietySinger Smokey started out under Curtis Mayfield and demonstrates that he has a fine voice for soul and blues. The playing throughout is very good, especially the guitar of JD Optekar...I particularly enjoyed the more bluesy tunes such as "Super Mad Woman" and "Black Coffee" as well as "Salsa Blues". The band has an excellent singer and strong instrumental players so I suspect that they would be worth seeing live when they come to your area. For those who like a good dose of funk mixed into their blues this CD is well worth checking out. - John Mitchell, The Blues Blast Magazine"Super Mad Woman," a song written by Gibbons, is a blues based tune with Holman building his vocals as the song progresses. It is one of the best originals on the CD..."My Baby's Alright" a blues tune written by JD Optekar features the excellent guitar work of Optekar. The CD concludes with a Gibbons/McGregor instrumental tune "Salsa Blues," showcasing the instrumental expertise of the entire band. The final number is a new and sensational arrangement of Optekar's blues tune "Black Coffee"...This CD is great collection done by a world class funk band and hopefully we will hear more of Tweed Funk in the future! - Rick Davis, Crossroads Blues Society
Blues-based singer-songwriter Katarina Boudreaux may call Connecticut home, but her heart is in the Louisiana clubs. Her style, though urbane and easy, is southern to its core, eschewing hard guitars and instead centering itself on Boudreaux's piano and voice; she's a good musician with a fine ear for pop hooks and a distinctive high timbre.Lead track `Sweetness' brings everything neatly into focus. Her vocal skips around a New Orleans groove, Mark Weathers' guitar adds spidery nuance, and the sugar that's promised in the title is duly delivered. Judicious use of saxophone on some of the rockier material (`Lagniappe', `Rain') adds another dimension, and combines beautifully with both voice and material.Whether Bourdreaux is just a little too quirky to connect with a traditional blues audience, I've no idea, but she's certainly having some fun with the genre.
Blues, which as Muddy Waters said &#34;had a baby and they named it rock n roll, began with cigar box guitars. Take a cheap but well reinforced cigar box, put some grade-A pickups in it, and watch out...something will be smoking besides cigars. A very enjoyable cd.
Mike produces some deep rich sounds from his custom made cigar box guitars. Solidly written and produced tracks. If your a fan of roots blues, there are a number of great tracks here to justify buying the entire album.
Davis Coen was kind enough to introduce me to Ms. Grace Askew in Memphis while attending the Blues Music Awards this year.  A friendly, cheerful young lady who is performing constantly in one of the best musical cities in America.What I didn't expect was the depth of her work here on this disc. This release captures a wide range of music - music which I refer to as American Roots music - incorporating Blues, Alternative Country, and a dash of alternative modern. With these 11 cuts Ms. Askew treats us to some of the more sultry vocals that I have heard of late. Her voice falls somewhere between Etta James, Tom Waits and Neko Case. That is not a bad thing.'Been Broken Too' and 'Go My Way' are two of the bluesier tunes. With a solid swampy feel Ms. Askew and the band paint pictures that are more complex than we first realize. Like a fine dinner offering from a top notch chef, we at first, take in the general appearance (sound wise) then as we begin to immerse ourselves in it we only then fully appreciate what is being presented to us. 'Midtown' offers us a musical film-noir commentary on the urban landscape and it's inhabitants that could exist in almost any inner city neighborhood.There is so much to be enjoyed on this release (10 of the 11 are originals and 1 is co-written with Davis Coen). I firmly believe that we need to embrace what these young talented artists are bringing into the Blues - without them I fear the tent will not grow and wither from inside.Visit us at blues411.com for even more groovy stuff dealing with the blues.
I firmly believe that the first cut on a release should set the stage for what follows - so it better be a grabber. Mr. Soars understands this, 'More Bees With Honey'  does just that, featuring Ms. Robin Rogers working the vocal hive with JP  is an up-tempo swinging rollick thru the old adage that our parents, no doubt, told us repeatedly, ad nauseum.Mr. Soars vocals are certainly unique. Gritty, coarse but spot on, they hold a certain throw-back feel that the blues has always had, and at times forgets. On 'So Many Times'  Mr. Soars sings of tears gone dry and the release of a, yet again, unfaithful lover. This is set up in a standard slow blues format featuring some nicely constructed guitar work over the backdrop of  Travis Colby's keyboard work.JP covers a wide range of styles here, from a funky, wah-wah laced  'Doggin' , to a west coast swing, tempo shifting burner 'Hot Little Woman',  that extolls the virtues of this special type of woman. I am not quite sure if the tongue is in the cheek or not, but it's cool either way !An interesting cover of Louisiana Red's 'Sweet Blood Call' reminds us that the Blues was created in a less than perfect life, and that some of the lyrics are not as PC as we may like. JP does some nasty guitar work as he drives us around the back roads of  the Blues as they used to be.  I think this song shows us the link between hip-hop, rap and the Blues quite nicely. Listen to the lyrics, and then maybe listen to some Muddy Waters and others to realize the propinquity of these seemingly unrelated styles. The final cut here is 'Where'd You Stay Last Night' a great adaption of 'Baby Face' Leroy Foster lyrics, and music by JP.  This one takes us home and leaves us wanting more.On this release Mr. Soars selects from his hive of influences including Johnny Guitar Watson, Guitar Slim, Muddy Waters, Stax and Hill Country Blues - and throw in a little bit of heavy metal for spice. JP is one of the exciting young artists in the Blues. He applies modern touches to classic, traditional blues music and is doing a damn good job of it. Oh yeh, go see him if you get the chance, he won't disappoint.To find out more about Leroy Foster - [...]blues411.com has so much more than what you see here, stop by !
He's got the grungy cigar smokin blues voice. The choice of words in the his lyric's are spot on not for the wimpy faint of heart. Great guitar and beat with a few other instruments makes this cd a great blues buy. I'm still listening and enjoying it more.
Most of the songs are great straight up blues tunes, and few songs are pretty good pop tunes. If the CD was all blues I'd give it 5 stars. Nevertheless, Cliff Stevens plays some great blues and it was definitely worth it to buy the whole CD.
Like many people I discovered Satan & Adam after watching U2's Rattle & Hum movie. I loved their first album. Their other two were pretty good too. Then, they dropped off the face of the earth. Well, actually, Mr. Satan dropped off the face of the earth and Adam went into academia, which is the same thing. Anyway,  Mr. Satan recovered from a nervous breakdown and was found living in a  nursing home in Florida. The duo reunited and produced this, another blistering album of funk and soul inflected raw northern blues. Adam sings a few, which are just okay, but Mr. Satan blasts the rest of them with force belying his 75 years. This album may not quite live up to the duo's prime, but it is a welcome dose of the same medecine.
It's a great backing track disc. Nothing that is really earth shattering, But worth the price and the tracks are fun to jam to.
Ever since I heard parts of this on the radio, I've been checking to see if it's in CD format yet.  Please consider it.
This guy is quite amazing.  I really enjoyed the music, though I don't think it will be a main stay in my listening.  I don't have a very refined sense of the blues, and that would be the only reason for this music not being part of my regular listening.
the only thing stopping me from giving this a 5 star review is that it is a little short on songs. but still for the short time it plays it is amazing.
Blues man Bobby Radcliff spent quality time back in the 60's with Magic Sam Maghett which bound him forever to that raucous mixture of deep blues and flashy funk that was seemed to define the sound of Chicago's West Side. He is a throw-back, old-school, hard-core blues-funk (I wanted to see how many dashes I could use !) master.Slip this CD into the player and stand back, 'Invisible Man', the first cut, screams out the blues at it's best. With the current re-discovering of The Butterfield Blues Band, Mike Bloomfield and bands like PG&E; we don't need to look any further than Bobby for current, alive and vital sounds that made that era one of the most exciting around. Backed by Chris Matheos laying down some of the funkiest bass-lines in town, and Robert Danielson on drums putting the heat in the beat we immediately get comfortable because we feel like we have heard these songs before."Quake'  is a hard driving instrumental that changes gears but holds the road with aplomb like a classic car. His rapid fire picking straddles the line between country, rock and blues and displays a sensitivity to the piece that sets him apart from many of his contemporaries.'Black Hearted Woman' finds Mr. Radcliff in a very comfortable blues set-up. His vocal treatment lands somewhere between parched and warbly - but it fits so perfectly with the lyrics and overall feel of the tune that we wonder how he decided on that approach. A personal favorite is 'Picking On Me' just a fun shuffle relating the constant annoyance from someone who if they keep it up will;leave nothing behind of the victim (the singer). 'Bad Dreams'  harkens back to Michael Bloomfield and the Butterfield Blues Band - there is that sound that says 60's white boy blues - but it's real, not an attempt to re-create it for gain or recognition. Bobby has this down pat, from the reverb to the dry tonal quality this baby you know he is laying it out there for us to enjoy.A refreshing track finishes off the disc 'Billy's Nocturn'  an instrumental that reshapes our concept of what an instrumental could be. Quality work that is at once lyrical and strong, this is a most pleasant vehicle to ride into the sunset with. As for Freaking Me Out's cover art (Mr. Radcliff's painting of Dirty Harry) if one takes into consideration his age and how and where he grew up one cannot help but 'get it'.more of blues related writings can be found at blues411.com,, stop on by.
I read about &#34;Gatemouth&#34; Brown in &#34;Groove Interrupted&#34; by Keith Spera. The book is about the importance of music in New Orleans, especially in the aftermath of Katrina. The story of Clarence &#34;Gatemouth&#34; Brown, was so compelling that I had to purchase some of his music. I am glad I did. RIP &#34;Gatemouth&#34;.
Great stuff really like this one. Saw them on Music city roots internet music show from Loveless Cafe.Buy this one, you won't be dissapointed.
As with any album I review, it's usually the cover that first catches my eye. The Chicago Kingsnakes chose some artwork by modernist painter Marc Chagall to grace the cover of their new CD, "Blue Mosaic." Like Chagall's work in which his colors attract and capture attention, The Chicago Kingsnakes blend tones and graduated perspectives into new, living forms that become integral parts of the music on their tenth MusicKing label album release. The cover artwork is a good representation of this band's cohesive personal Chicago blues vision with R&B; and soul influences. Thus, the musical mosaic on this album conveys plenty of striking images and vivid impressions. The songs are all-original, written by guitarist and lead vocalist James "Ang" Anderson. The rest of the band is Nelson Keaton (harmonica), Mike Bailey (bass), and Gus Gotsis (drums). They all sing and that contributes to the band's well-executed charm that has grown a legion of fans during its nearly three decades in existence.The album presents a lot of contrast, both in color and statement. "Sick and Tired" might have the band wanting to go back where they belong on the south side of Chicago, but "So Cold in Chicago" has them stranded on Lakeshore Drive in a car that won't start. The Chicago Kingsnakes' music doesn't give me that "chill right down to my bone." Some lyrics come off as a little awkward, and their instrumental work is almost too clean and arranged at times ... lacking some of the guts, grit and grease we come to expect in the blues. On the other hand, some of their burning music is pretty hot too, and a few of the cuts might get you to "Stop, Drop and Roll" right into their fire. These guys are clearly an energetic and talented working band with many devoted fans. I only wish they'd take on a few more elements that remind me of Howlin' Wolf.  (Joe Ross, Roots Music Report)
The Chicago Kingsnakes - Blue Mosaic (MusicKing Records)Their first proper album since 2003's "Grass Roots", though they've busied themselves over the intervening years touring the world with Byther Smith and playing shows with Junior Wells, Jimmy Witherspoon, Cash McCall, etc. When added to the fact that Kingsnakes leader, guitarist-vocalist James Anderson, has played with everyone from Buddy Guy and Albert King to Son Seals, James Cotton and Koko Taylor, It's probably safe to assume that The Chicago Kingsnakes are some of the best and most respected blues players around.That's certainly the impression I get from listening to "Blue Mosaic". Their style, unsurprisingly, is Chicago blues, and they play it slow and heavy, and tight and upbeat, and whatever way they play it, they play it well. Opening number "Take Your Time" is measured and intense, and highlights all their strengths, primarily great musicianship. When they're aiming to get feet moving on tracks like "Blues Gone Uptown" and the Sonny Boy Williamson(esque) "Lefty" - the latter with harmonica courtesy of Nelson Keaton - they sound like the ultimate blues bar band. It's another track, "So Cold in Chicago", that I find myself returning to. Another upbeat number, it's what they used to call a toe-tapper, but it's a bit more than that, and seems to be stuck on repeat.
I stopped by my local coffee shop in Juneau, AK and was just a little late to catch the rest of Jordan Baron doing a solo set. I asked if he would sing one song for me. He obliged and I bought this CD. I didn't listen to it for a few months but I just did and have to say it is an excellent little album. His voice is pleasing with an earnestness that suits the songs. There is variety here too, Busted String Blues is not your typical blues song.
Nice to hear a fresh sound and approach. Looking forward to new material as he has the chops and range to take it to the next level and beyond.
Dan Beaver - The Goods (Beaver Records)"The Goods" is Dan Beaver's fourth album and it's littered with special guests: guitarist / singers, Eric Foster and Billy King, vocalist Mimi De St. Jean and pianist Waz Fox all get their chance to duel with Beaver's harmonica, and the variety of sounds and styles gives "The Goods" a satisfying edge. Of course, we're talking about the blues here, so nothing too extreme, and thanks to Beaver's playing there's a link that runs through the record, binding the participants.Let's get to the tracks that all self-respecting blues fans need to hear without delay. "The Goods" opens with "Burning Hell" a chunky rocker with heavy distorted guitar and fierce solos supplied by Beaver. Their seven and a half minute version of Slim Harpo's "Shake Your Hips" is just remarkable. With Mimi De St. Jean distinctive vocals firing sparks, it's almost impossible to breathe new life into these old blues standards on record, yet this is a tour de force, with all the band shining. I don't know the name of the keyboard player, but he/she deserves a mention for the break - as does the guitarist, and Beaver's coda is wonderful. The album finishes with "Oh Susanna", another oldie, and again the band give a fresh lease of life, and at just over a minute, no-one's going to complain that it outstays its welcome.
The Bravuras - Ain't No Doubt (Mark Records)The latest from The Bravuras cements their reputation as a first rate blues-rock band with a terrific old school sound. There are 15 original songs on "Ain't No Doubt", produced with real feel, which bring to mind great bands like Canned Heat and the Red Devils. They're a dance band at heart, and there's an ever-present groove running through their music, thanks to the rhythm section of Steve Biondi (drums) and Bert Torres (bass). Two guitars provide plenty of riffs and rhythmic assistance and vocalist John Puccio growls his words like they're written in stone. Keys, horns and the occasional harmonica round out a sound that's rooted in tradition but is so fresh and vital.They don't put a foot wrong here, and as they're keen to point out on their website, if the blues is the background music to your life, then The Bravuras can provide it. They're certainly keeping me entertained. Their best songs, tracks like "Sideways Richie" with its wailing sax and incessant rhythm (the latter not unlike The Doors' "LA Woman"), or the beautifully restrained "The Way She Do" indicate a band at the peak of their abilities. I'd love to see them do it live, but I suspect I'd have to move to New York first.
Josh Garrett hails from a familiar town, at least for aficionados of of Louisiana blues-- Houma.  Josh clearly has taken a heavy dose of inspiration from Benoit, with a biting tone on electric guitar, weird angular rhythms, Cajun influences and more.  Fortunately, though, Josh isn't just a Tab Benoit imitator.  He draws on New Orleans R&B;, some jazz, plays some acoustic, some slide, and bounces between styles in ways that make them all seem to fit together.  Most importantly, Josh shows restraint.  Plenty of guitarists with such prodigious skill would be unable to resist the urge to put every flashy riff they can think of into every song.  Josh leaves plenty of space to let the music breath.  This puts him less in the company of Tab Benoit, and more with another young hot-shot guitarist from a nearby region-- Northern Florida's Damon Fowler.  If you are a fan of Tab Benoit, Damon Fowler or anyone like that, you will find plenty to appreciate on this album.What sets String of Problems apart is Josh's willingness to throw a bit of everything into the album.  Sonny Landreth's signature style is drenched in cajun and zydeco (the latter shouldn't be surprising given his association with Clifton Chenier).  Anders Osborne tempers his blues with more R&B; and rock.  South Louisiana is a musical melting pot, and Josh seems to like it all.  Stylistically, then, he is also a spiritual kin to Coco Robicheaux, with a bit less of the hoodoo sound.  It is all tied together, though, in a way that just transports you to Louisiana.  It is music rooted in place rather than genre.  But what a place...
This lovely lady has been the voice of Little Feat for many years, and now she's out on her own again. She does an excellent job on some solid tunes and the band behind her is amazingly tight. I recommend this album. I only wish I could've found it on cd.
I put this on my iPhone and hooked up my head phones. I was amazed of the rich blues sounds I heard from Kay Kay. I'm new to blues and she has kept my love for blues on HIGH!
It's very rare that I download an entire CD by someone I hadn't heard of, but Amy Hart does NOT dissapoint!!
See them live to get the full horn section sound.Wow! Excellent vocals by Jimmy and the &#34;Blowing Samoan&#34;. Saw them up at Bayfront Blues Festival
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MississippiKeith Sykes has been writing great songs for over 40 years.He may not be a household name, but he sure surrounds himself with a who's who of musical friends, Jerry Jeff Walker, Emmy Lou Harris, John Prine, Kris Kristofferson, Jimmy Buffett, and more.His latest CD, Bucksnort Blues, is one of his best, filled with class A music and hooks and lyrics only Keith could come up with."I wrote all but one of the songs and the one I didn't write is called `Bucksnort Blues,' the title cut, and it was written by Jed Zimmerman, who will be part of the Hot Springs weekend," Keith said. "And no, he's not related to that Zimmerman fellow from Minnesota, who goes by that name, Bob Dylan."The native of Murray, Ky., bought his first guitar at a pawn shop on Beale Street in Memphis. He paid $20.00.His major break came when Buffett covered two of his songs on Son of a Son of a Sailor, "The Last Line" and "The Coast of Marseilles.""I have to say my songwriting life entered a whole new phase from that point forward," Keith said.Watch for an acoustic solo CD&#8200;of his most requested songs to release next.
This is a Pavarotti solo. Somewhere there is a version with all three tenors singing this in descant without a chorus.  It's wonderful, but I can't find it.. Does anyone know where I can find it?.
This CD serves rockin' Blues and R&B. The dance groove is unmistakable and the snarling saxophone plays an important part.  Back-up vocals polish things up and provide some nice finishing touches. The stars of Gene&#8217;s Bar in Pittsburgh were Gary Belloma and The Blue Bombers who were the regular Saturday night house band at Gene's Blues Bar for ten years.  It's not difficult to see how this band could please a crowd. Since its cracking debut in 1986, the band's been laying down a unique blend of blues and R&B for almost a quarter century.  If you like to get off your chair and move, this is the disc for you.  It's simply a blast, all the way down the line.
Dheepa Chari - Some New Fashion (Independent)I must admit I'm always excited to find a talented new jazz vocalist. Dheepa Chari grew up in Dallas, studied vocal performance at Southern Methodist University and then moved to New York where she directed an acapella group at Columbia University. Her debut EP, "On 4th Street", released in late 2010, garnered serious attention in the jazz world, as will, I'm sure, her new collection "Some New Fashion".  Its 11 tracks sound utterly contemporary and her small but gifted band make the most of the diverse range of songs, with brave and intuitive arrangements that project a variety of styles, from blues to swing.She launches here debut long-player with the Duke Ellington penned "Rocks in My Bed", with erstwhile support from keyboard maestro Marc Gaston, and a smattering of New Orleans trumpet. It's an incredibly strong opening tune, which she follows just as notably with Luiz Bonfa's bossa nova standard "Black Orpheus", from the 1959 Brazilian movie of the same name. The song selection shows a genuine desire to explore different forms of songwriting and the application of Chari's distinct method upon seemingly unrelated styles, from Paul McCartney's wonderful "Here, There, and Everywhere" to Lane and Harburg's "Old Devil Moon". It works so well for a number of reasons, but most of all, the band always plays to Chari's strengths, leaving her tremendous amounts of space to perform, but without sacrificing their own virtuosity.
Carl's Iguana - Un Tut Sut (Independent)Taking their name from a snippet of dialogue from Tina Fey's "Baby Mama" movie, Carl's Iguana is a quartet from Charlotte, NC (incidentally, there's no iguana or anyone called Carl in the band). Their album "Un Tut Sut" is mostly instrumental, when a voice is heard on "Woman in Outer Space", it's not so much a song, but more a vocal effect to compliment to John Burns' cavernous dub basslines. It's not a wholly representative track, but then, no individual track truly is. They're experimentalists, exploring less travelled musical paths, but providing excellent entertainment on route.If we must pigeonhole them, then they seem happy with the `acid jazz' moniker, though they must be aware that it tells only a fraction of their story. For example, the jaunty European folk-jazz approach utilised on "Into the Window Like Sugar" is followed immediately by "Diggle", a track that Chris Wood might have brought to Traffic's "John Barleycorn" album - and just so you know, that's a sizeable compliment. "Sunstroke" with its heavy, heavy organ, courtesy of Chris Steude, is tailor made for the opening theme of the grooviest cop movie ever made. In fact someone should make the movie just so they can use the music. When they play it straight on the final track, the all too short "Blue Spot", its smoky, after-hours vibe provides a perfect conclusion.
I have a radio recorded version of the title track that clocks in at about 4:40 that has more acoustic instrumentation yet still raw and powerful--much better version for performance and studio production. Anyone know which recording it is from? THAT would be the album to pick up IMO. Good song either way, of course!
I saw Abe perform at Quest Community Church 11/23/13 and loved the song "Set me Free." The first thought that came to mind is that he sounds like Gavin DeGraw. Abe has a wonderful voice and performs well on stage.
The Hokum Steamers - Doing The Cater Street Shimmy (House-Rent Records)Here at Leicester Bangs we review a lot of blues music. Whether it's a new-kid-on-the-block Brit-blues guitar wonder, the latest bar-band from Chicago ripping up the local club scene, or something much folkier from the backwoods of Louisiana, we have a listen and write `em up. What we rarely hear is a contemporary artist or group recreating pre-war styles, the ragtime and hokum blues of the 1920s and `30s, and early gospel and jug band music.The Hokum Steamers, Mike Ballantyne (vocal and guitar) and Rick Van Krugel (mandolins, vocal and guitar) do just that. Both Mike and Rick have decades of experience playing all sorts of blues and roots music, but coming together only recently to form The Hokum Steamers. "Doing The Cater Street Shimmy" is their debut recording. The first thing that jumps from the disc is how much of the material is celebratory, or just plain fun, and the combination of good-time songs and a spirited performance is almost irresistible.The album begins with "Sadie Green (The Vamp of New Orleans)", a song written by Jay C. Flippen in 1926. You probably won't recognize his name, but you'll know his face from a later film career that included roles in "The Wild One" and "Oklahoma". They replace the trumpet of the original with upbeat strings, and it works rather well. "Hesitation Blues" has a history that goes back to the very beginning of the 20th Century (W.C. Handy copyrighted it in 1915, but it was known before then). The Hokum Steamers version owes much to Crying Sam Collins' take from the late `20s, but they confirm in the notes that it's a composite adaptation, with lyrics taken from various sources. That's hardly a surprise as the song's been recorded many times by blues artists as varied as Taj Mahal, Johnny Winter and the Reverend Gary Davis. When things take a turn to the darker side of blues on Blind Willie Johnson's "In My Time of Dyin'", they retain a certain upbeat enthusiasm which, much like the rest of the record, probably lacks true authenticity, but should suit 21st Century ears.
&#34;Tao&#34; says it all regarding this performance. If there are rules they are pushing the boundaries. The tension of a warrior is there, but there is a calming presentation of the music. Bartz makes Coltrane palatable. He steps up to the edge of the precipice without going over the edge. Coltrane must smile at this presentation
T.A. James - S/T (Huh? Records)T.A. James new EP is his debut solo release, though there's a long list of recordings on which he's a featured musician, playing lead, rhythm and bass guitar. The list of bands he's trod the boards with is longer still, and includes names like The Kingsnakes, Tom Townsley & The Backsliders, L'il Georgie & The Shufflin' Hungarians and Bernie Clarke & The Rhythm Sharks, though he's probably best known as bassist with Carey Bell's touring band, playing on Bell's award winning 1997 album, "Good Luck Man", released on the renowned Alligator label.Seriously, the list above barely scrapes James' resume, and it's more than worthwhile visiting his website to get the full picture. I'm amazed it's taken as long as it has to get him into the studio to record under his own name, though I suspect a win at the Piedmont Blues Preservation Society Solo/Duo Blues Challenge boosted his confidence, and gave him a prod in the right direction.  The six tracks on his debut EP boast a combination of high-wire instrumentals and solid vocal tracks. His voice is far from perfect, but it does possess a broke-down quality that's appealing, and it works to fine effect on "...Bad to the Bone..." and "Bone Appetit". Of the instrumentals "Climb-Lick Maneuver" is particularly handsome.
Sean Poluk - Never (Independent)From the Ontario city of Sault Ste. Marie, Sean Poluk has carved himself out a reputation as a bluesman to be reckoned with. His sound, a mash up of various blues styles, is for the most part, fresh and energetic, the sort of thing that fills dance floors wherever it's played, and is always popular on the festival circuit. When he slows things down, which he does on a few occasions, we get to hear what a good singer he is, too.The album begins with "Even When You're Wrong"; its percussion almost falling over itself to propel the song forward, with Poluk's vocal bordering on spoken word. The effect isn't unlike a sped up Steve Earle with a fat Louisiana harp on the side. It's an impressive start, and the next track is better still. "Hell Yeah" is booze fueled, dense, hot and heavy. Turn it up loud and you can picture the basement club with the condensation running down the walls and sweat dripping. "You're My Drug" lightens the mood with sacrificing anything, and the title track, a ballad, shows another side, with its piano and plaintive emotional tug. The album ends with the swinging "Ain't Been the Same", a beast of a track, guaranteed to wear out the most resilient `repeat' button.
Transformed into almost a one-man band, Gold Coast's Mark Easton produced ten songs that compose Grind, his latest album, controversial and appealing simultaneously where inspirations are heard from roots rock to Mississippi's hill country.This do-it-all-yourself approach leads, on the one hand, to limitations in musical expression therefore album not being great listening for the fans of conventional Blues but, on the other hand, it also results in more focus and emphasize on individuality, which deserves to be demonstrated to say a least. If one bets all ten songs are presented deconstructed after they were composed, he has good chances to win. Mark Easton is capable not only to grind but to turn the Blues inside out which is best shown through rendition of Sonny Boy Williamson I's "Good Morning Little Schoolgirl".He is a Bluesman to keep an eye open on.Personnel: Mark Easton (guitar, vocals, harmonica, drums, loops);pastblues.com
Terrific music in a great collection.  Although there are many sets of Sonny Boy Williamson I, this one may be worth getting just because the company put a photo of the wrong guy on the cover.  This is John Lee Williamson and not Aleck Rice Miller, as the cover implies that it might be.  Great stuff anyway.
Root Deco - Crystal Pool (Independent)Root Deco is guitarist Larry Vilchek and drummer Paul Johnson, together with an evolving group of guest musicians and collaborators. Their sound, which is rooted firmly in late `60s psychedelic rock, draws on both the British and American traditions, with stylistic nods to The Yardbirds, the first Grateful Dead album, Jefferson Airplane and The Stones, circa 1966. All good stuff, and the effect is accentuated by their approach to recording, which retains enough essence of garage (not a new scent from Mobil) to convince passersby they're hearing something that just might be the real deal.Their sixth album begins with "Tough Night", it's heavy rock structure teeters on the edge of Steppenwolf territory, but harmonica fills and an earthy, unpolished finish steers it back to their core ideals. "Dead By Morning" employs a riff that might have been originally located on The Velvets' "Loaded" record, though the song and its arrangement feels utterly contemporary, in a My Morning Jacket / Kings Of Leon way. What I particularly enjoy about Root Deco is their willingness to make use of seemingly incompatible styles to augment their own method. The spiritual hoedown of "Good News Today!" is a case in point. It shouldn't work, but it does, quite brilliantly. The straight-up, Southern-fried retro pop of "Little Black Book" is almost equally out of place, but just as good, and best of all are "Deserted Cities of the Heart" and "Big Parade". Both seem to distill the Root Deco experience in a most agreeable way.
Blind Boy Paxton is a throwback, an old-time country and blues man who calls to mind the &#34;Blinds&#34; of the 78 era (Blind Lemon Jefferson, Blind Blake, Blind Willie Johnson, etc.), as well as the black string band musicians of the early 20th century. He sounds like he belongs on the Anthology of American Folk Music. The only problem is these are the only two tracks available for purchase, as far as I can tell. I want more.
I saw this young Canadian duo at the Folk Alliance Conference in Toronto. They have grown tremendously since this first effort of a few years back, but this one is crackling with the promise of things to come. Straightforward traditional music injected with new vitality.
This is Southern Soul at it's best. Mel Waiters, and the rest put it down in the Juke Joint.  I put this one on in the car and just ride it out. Beware if you ain't ready to party don't buy this one.
Mama Groove - How Mama Got Her Groove Back! (Independent)Blessed with the talents of vocalist Ysabel Gagnon and keysman / songwriter Guy Cardinal, Mama Groove's debut long player is a white-knuckle rhythm and blues ride from beginning to end. The Qu&eacute;bec based group (the songs are sung in English) keep it dance-floor friendly throughout, whilst emphasising Gagnon's lush, deep soul timbre and, as their name suggests, there's plenty of groove. Often with bands that concentrate their efforts in getting their audience onto their feet, the transfer to record can be disappointing, but not so here. They've recruited guitarist George Papafilys to collaborate on a couple of numbers, and the production and general presentation plays to their many strengths.They begin with "Soul Distraction", a huge rolling beast of a track with the band doing everything in their power to keep up with Gagnon's powerful, intense delivery. "Rubbed Dry" displays a jazzier side and "Chill Giver Blues" is a short and sweet, quick-step walking blues that sticks around just long enough to make a big impression. It's an exciting opening salvo, but there's no shortage of highlights as the album unwinds, indeed it would be wrong to sign off without mentioning the sultry, elegiac "Black Widow" and the rocking "Don't Give Me No Blues". All in all, I think I can confirm Mama's definitely got her groove back, though I suspect it was never really lost.
I had high expectations for this disc after reading a review in Newsweek. During my first listen I was not as thrilled as I had hoped, but I liked the upbeat numbers for sure. On second listen I heard much more for my novice ear to appreciate. I discerned more of the New Orleans themes and appreciated the heartfelt lyrics of the slower numbers (are they called "blues ballads"?) It's definitely on my playlist now.
The Vicki Stevens Band - Ms. Vicki's In Town (Independent)The Vicki Stevens Band is an Oregon-based, classic RnB band. The talented quintet feature the titular Ms. Vicki Stevens, a powerhouse, award-winning vocalist, with a voice custom-tuned to sing the blues, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Bill `Froggy' Hyland and guitar whizz Dennis Monroe. Bassist Jim Badalich and drummer Ron Rocci complete the line-up. They've been gigging since 2008 and this is their debut album, an eleven-track feast of rockin', soulful, hard-as-nails blues and traditional American rock.The majority of the material they present for our delectation was penned by Hyland, and he's got a great feel for his chosen genre. It's done justice by the band who rip through his songs of cheating and lies, violence and retribution. Especially agreeable is the tandem pleasures of Ms. Vicki's soul-flecked vocal and Monroe's blazing guitar.There are plenty of highlights to talk about. The title track's a huge statement of intent with the whole band stepping up to the mark and making their presence felt. Monroe's "Crazy 'bout My Baby" allows Ms Vicki free rein to express her womanly desires, while the guitarist gets to play slow and stealthy, and then there's the seven-plus minutes "Tell Me the Truth". It's about a woman wronged and the murderous things she's prepared to do to hear the truth. I may the finest advert for honesty ever set to music.
The Hoodoo Hounds - S/T (Independent)From Clemson, South Carolina, The Hoodoo Hounds first got together in 2005, recorded a couple of demo discs, but this self titled collection is their first bona fide album release. Fronted by Walt "Hoodoo Harry" Ligon, they utilize both the sound and the style of The Blues Brothers, updating the sound a little, though obviously drawing on many of the same influences. Ligon possesses a fine blues voice that will surely draw comparison to Howlin Wolf, Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) and even Tom Waits. It's the sort of growl that gets you reaching for your pint mug in case the floor starts moving. He shares the vocals with Matt Huddleston, and the contrast between their two styles adds considerable light and shade to the proceedings.The record begins with "Crossroad Blues", a killer riff accommodates a succession of blues motifs, from black cat bones to mojos and, of course, a midnight meeting at the dreaded crossroads. It sounds clich&eacute;d and it is, but the band lay down such a groove, it's nigh on impossible not to be swept along by their enthusiasm. I think my favourite is "Millennium Blues" where Ligon drawls, rasps and shouts over gurgling keys and a finely picked guitar, though the rest of the band are hardly shrinking violets, and whenever they hit their stride, a smile is never far away from the listener's lips.
On a recent trip to Houston I asked the guy behind the counter at an independent music store to recommend some music that is representative of Houston. Without hesitation, he recommended this. It was a good recommendation. The laid back feel is great! I'm not informed enough to tell you what style of music it is (although I am smart enough not to mindlessly label it Tex-Mex!) but I can tell you it is easy to listen to at a bbq, by the pool, or at a small gathering of a few friends. It won't get a party started but it will sure as hell keep a great vibe going in the right situation and with the right people around you. The band members are all accomplished on their instruments and together they seem to really have a nice groove that they slip into easily.  I love music that challenges me as a listener but sometimes it's good to relax and not think so hard. There is a good chance you will like this music from the first note to the last.
I don't know what impresses me more, the stellar guitar playing, the amazing powerful, yet understated vocals( not to say she whispers, she just doesn't feel the need to run through every note in her vocal range on every song. she sings for the song)Or the impressive songwriting. Put it all together and you've got a winner.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MSAll of Joanne Shaw Taylor's heroes are gone. It only seems natural for her to reinvent that rough and tumble rockin' blues world Stevie Ray Vaughan, Albert Collins and Jimi Hendrix created.She has an incredible sense of timing, delivery and wields an axe like very few females can. She was discovered by Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics. He was equally impressed."I have played with all sorts of blues musicians all over the world, I even made a film Deep Blues where I went to Mississippi and recorded with some legendary players such as R.L Burnside and Jesse-Mae Hemphill," Dave said. "Last year I heard something I thought I would never hear... a British White Girl playing blues guitar so deep and passionately it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end!"Almost Always Never, her third album, is a bluesy rock masterpiece. I love "Beautifully Broken" a cut that showcases her guitar work over the heartbeat of the bass and cool rifts from the organ and the sultry stripped down "Lose Myself to Loving You."The UK native spent a couple years in Detroit and has been spending some time in Texas, courtesy of a relationship."In regards to my recent move to Houston, TX... got me a Texan man, one who also love's my friends in Detroit but can't face the winter weather," Joanne said. "So I go there as much as possible when we're both off the road (He's a guitar technician)."She took advantage of that Eurythmics connection, playing lead guitar in Annie Lennox's band at the Diamond Jubilee Concert in London. Egged on by the crowd she extended her guitar solo -- for approximately 12,000 people (excluding the many thousands lining The Mall) in front of Buckingham Palace.Breathe in the new face of electric blues -- Joanne Shaw Taylor.
Beautifully Broken and Tied & Bound are the stand out track from Joanne Shaw Taylor's Almost Always Never album.  The entire effort is solid, makes good use of equipment that can extort noise ceiling characteristics in your reproduction gear and one of the nicest uses of the CD format's available resolution and precision.  It's mixed well and has soul.  If you like blues I'd say this is a great album to roll the dice on for something off of the beaten path of the genre. The pipe organ used in places is a sorely missed (by me) accentuation to this fine blues album.  I look forward to more from Joanne.
I really love her guitar work. Her vocals are good, not great. It nice to hear her play some different styles, including one song that sounds like reggae.
I have been a fan of Taylor since her debut album several years ago.  Having also seen her live, I never thought that her studio discs really captured how good she was in a live environment, but I think this one finally has.  This is Taylor&#8217;s best work to date, showing off both her amazingly gravely blues voice and her pyrotechnic guitar playing.  He songwriting is still a bit rough in spots, (blues clich&eacute;&#8217;s abound), but it is not bad and continues to mature.  There is a lot of great guitar to be found on this one and her backing band are also top notch.  Her voice may be an acquired taste, but she uses what she has well.  Bottom line this is her best studio album yet and she continues to be a young shining star in today&#8217;s blues world.
Xpress - Brothers From Other Mothers (Independent)Xpress are a four-piece blues band from Maryland, led by vocalist-songwriter-harmonica player Howard Herrnstadt. He calls himself Harmonica Blu, which is as good a name as any for a bluesman, and although it emphasises his instrumental dexterity, his voice is just as good. The rest of the band, Dave Myre (guitar), James Cookie Cooke (bass) and Randy Pittman (drums), bring a wealth of experience and a rock solid groove to the proceedings.Although a blues band at their core, there are plenty of other stimuli at play, and a quick read of an online biography reveals names like Miles Davis, Bob Dylan and Mark Knopfler. In fact, it's the Dire Straits man's influence that's most detectable on opening cut "You Can't Spend Your Money in Hell", a tale of drug dependency and degradation, brought to life with some unpretentious and unfussy musicianship, with special mention for guitarist, Myre."You Only Want to Dance Alone" and "Long Tone Blues" are much closer to fulfilling the blues brief, the latter a striking instrumental with an addictive rhythmic kick. "Only for the Memories" and "Trouble With a T" expose their jazz leanings, which they instill with a noir-esque, filmic quality. Perhaps my favourite of the bunch is their "Down In Baltimore / Mystery Train" medley. Again Myre is on top form, and the two songs, though quite different, seem to hang together like old friends - not unlike brothers from another mother...
Larry Kolker - Awful Smart Man (Independent)From Cortlandt Manor, NY, Larry Kolker plays regularly in venues around the North East of the USA, where his style has been described as "urban country east-coast white-boy blues". That's a lot to take in, and is really quite specific, so to make things easier, imagine a concert with Dylan headlining, Loudon Wainwright III second on the bill and John Prine third, let's say it wouldn't seem at all strange if Larry Kolker opened the evening's entertainment.He's certainly an all-round talent. He's a distinctive vocalist with songwriting chops to match; an accomplished guitarist and an in demand blues-harpist. As far as I can tell "Awful Smart Man" is his second album ("Long Island Slim" came out in 2002) and although his trips to the studio are far from regular, the results are well worth seeking out. Here he begins with the title track, and the simple voice / guitar arrangement sets the mood for a self-depreciating lyric, and a near-yodel. "Send Me to the 'lectric Chair" starts slow and folksy, but when the instruments kick in, in swings like an early jazz-blues standard. There really is no shortage of variety on "Awful Smart Man". "Top Percent" grooves like a `70s jam band and the marvelous "Don't Tempt Irene" rocks and rolls in a most satisfying manner. Before I sign off, I should mention his collaborators; Sticks Levine keeps the beat, folk-popsters the YaYas supply backing vocals, and co-producer / engineer Fred Gillen Jr. plays bass, and provides just enough polish for Kolker to shine.
I purchased the tracks after previewing them.  If you like blues, I feel you will not be disappointed.  It was a great buy.
I personally know Angel so it's hard to give an unbiased opinion on this. I will say that she is an upcoming talented singer/somgwriter that works very hard to develope her skills. Her mom was a singer also and it has been hard for Angel to break out of that stigma and single out her own style and persona.John
You can listen to this concert on iTunes and judge for yourself.  The sound is very poor on the opening track, as Art is not miked very well.  However, after the first track or two, the sound is very good if not better.The master's playing is excellent and he really gets into the standards and originals, many of which he recorded in the 1950s.  He plays clarinet on Avalon and reminisces in between the selections.Pepper really plays well here, just after he started recording for Galaxy.The sound is not perfect, so I rate the music overall as a 4-star performance, with 5 stars for the great and sadly missed Art Pepper.
A light collection but there are many great hits by the original artist. A great value for such quality, Clear as a bell.
Jacob Miller and the Bridge City Crooners - East Side Drag (Independent)There are plenty of contemporary artists and bands tapping into the sounds and styles of old music, whether it's `50s rockabilly, `60s beat, `70s rock, `80s post-punk or even `90s Britpop and grunge; and just about everything in-between. Far fewer artists go back as far as the pre-rock `n' roll `40s, and less find their inspiration from the pre-war blues and country styles that marked the beginning of modern popular music. The most noticeable exception of recent years has been Australian bluesman C.W. Stoneking, but he's not working in isolation, as Jacob Miller and the Bridge City Crooners prove.22-year-old Miller released his debut album in 2011, a twelve-track collection of "country, blues and ragtime", and he's followed up quickly with "East Side Drag"; this time an eight track EP, but essentially, more of the same styles and approach. He's obviously got an itch for old-time Americana and it needs a regular scratch. When he's not at home in Portland, Oregon, he travels and wanders throughout North America, and his fascination with the road is reflected in his dusty atmospherics and his song selection, "Lonesome Road Blues" in particular. The EP kicks of with the excellent upbeat title track (is that a kazoo?) and the much-covered "Hesitation Blues", here given a much-needed makeover, though of course, it retains its traditional roots. All in all an entertaining collection, which should appeal to old-time music fans, and anyone interested in the foundation stones of modern Americana.
Purchased the track Feet Back in the Door after reading a post on facebook, I was intrigued, because it is from Keb Mo and I love his production style, and I must say this is classic keb mo, with that simple but steady 2 & 4 back beat, and those sparsely placed guitar riffs. Arthur's vocals are strong and sit comfortably inside the track, overall, a nice record for a "re-introduction" of a classic artist. Great job Kind of Blue Records, hurry and give us more!
Heard this group for the first time today.  Wow.  Lucky me lives near a local college that plays The Blues each Wednesday.  I like to use Shazam to learn who's singing what song on the radio.  During the day, I saw that three of the songs I had tagged were from this group.  My favorite is &#34;Come Down Slow&#34;, 2d only to my all-time favorite song, written by the awesome Warren Haynes, &#34;Soulshine&#34;.  I downloaded 6 out of the 10 songs and will quickly add them to my phone's playlist.
By Jim Clark, publisher, Lee County Courier, Tupelo, MississippiRicky Jackson, lead singer and lead guitarist, for the No Refund Band, sings "Blues is my business and business is good." You can't help but believe him.The No Refund Band was formed by Mike Crownover, rhythm and lead guitar,  in 2007. It's not been an easy road but Mike was persistent until he found the right members and the right sound.Other members include Ricky, Rik Robertson, bass; Anthony Terry on sax; Jim Brady on trumpet; and Walter Cross on drums.What they've created is a big bold soulful sound, with a Grand Funk edge to it.The guys are versatile able to cover "Eleanor Rigby" in a fashion Paul McCartney would love, can drop down and put heart on sleeve as with "Come Down Slow" or get things rockin' with the bluesy "Just To Be Blue." The musicianship is tight. The vocals are strong and soulful and the lyrics top notch. The No Refund Band is a group to be reckoned with.After you listen to these guys rip through their blues repertoire, the last thing on your mind will be a refund.
Not a definitive overview of the blues (as if that existed) and I'm not exactly sure if I would call  most of this Essential, but I will tell you there are twenty tracks of very solid performances here. Especially nice to see a Siegel-Schwall track included (a highly overlooked and personal favorite band). The sound quality for most of these recordings is very good, although there are a couple of clunkers, but for the price who's complaining? This is a deal. Stop reading and click the download button already.
Good combination of artists and styles.  Good selection for broad overview of the Blues and the artists that cover that music..
Zach Caruso - Shades Of Blue (Independent)Since his debut album "Body & Soul" was released in early 2008, Zach Caruso has been touring his socks off, recorded a second album in 2010 ("Neon Lights"), earned a Master's degree in journalism and continues to hone his craft. A native of New Jersey, he displays all the musical traits you'd expect, an earthy, soulful approach to his performance and although he's an accomplished guitarist, the songs invariably takes centre stage.The one cover, Bill Wither's "Ain't No Sunshine" is muscular and burly, but doesn't diminish the song in any way, and also provides a central point for the seven-track (38 min.) collection. As you can see, Caruso isn't in any hurry and his songs benefit from the extended mixes. "Promised Land" is a fine opening cut, with its biblical references and driving rhythm, and "I Am David" is just as forceful and eloquent, and showcases his compelling guitar playing. "Come Now, My Enemy" calms the storm, and "Blanket Of Snow" is almost delicate compared to the earlier tracks. Although "The State I'm In" goes some way to redress the balance, before the concluding title track brings things to an unruffled climax, that is, until Caruso blows away any remaining cobwebs with an extended, and quite brilliant, solo.
The songs are very uplifting; energizing.  Makes me want to go out and drink; sort of.  Some great songs by some big name blues stars.
Cigarbox guitars were originally the guitar of the deep south: yes, real down-home mississippi blues. I'm talking Son House, Ledbelly, Robert Johnson music. Now, with modern electronics, they can produce anything from an acoustic, to a dobro, to heavy sustain and distortion, and are a great blues and blues rock instrument in capable hands, like those of Mike Snowden, who also makes them. WELL worth a listen.
An varied and well composed collection of classic blues songs by great original performers.  I originally bought for a few songs on the list, but in the end I enjoy almost every song.  An inexpensive way to sample old classic blues as they were performed years ago.
Good mix of Blues for the novice fan.  Lets you hear something from many of the artist that made the Blues.
This is a great intro for anyone looking to find some great Blues. I enjoy finding the original songs that others have made famous.
Nice collection of blues by some of the masters of the genre. Set at a valued price, can't beat the deal.
this is a great starter album to get you going. songs are typical bluesy sound. I'd but this again even if it wasn't a deal.
If you like the blues this is a good album to download. It has a variety of performers and numerous good songs. Highly recommend this album.
From what I've listened to here there is not a bad tune in the bunch.  It's a good selection of up beat blues that will keep you hoppin' rather than in some slumpy or pensive mode.  Its affordable entertainment and educational too.
Great zouk for the price.  I love it.  I can just play this zouk on repeat all day and everyday.
Eric has grown into a decent singer now to go along with his great guitar work. Keep on rocking and playing the blues
This album has some great tunes, seriously it stays with you after you have heard it...it has that certain familiar impact...as in "my Song" and "Road Again", these just stay there you long after you have heard them. This is a beautiful bunch of musicians, that enjoy the craft. It has heart, message and a rousing mass of guitar solo to make it fly... It speaks.  I will as well mention Van Dijk's previous cd, where the song "Whenever you call" stays a favorite on my radio show.
Rusty Wright and the band have exhibited pure talent and creativity through their music. Rusty is a true guitar virtuoso and his wife brings true soul to the music with her direct voice. My only regret is that this CD, although good, does not have that creative spark the others do. I am a fan but this was lacking the freshness that the band is very capable of.
Muscovy are Danny Johnson and Tom Smart, an acoustic duo from Lincoln, England.The sound of Muscovy could be described as rhythmic guitar-based with subtle and intricate guitar melodies. A raw acoustic vibe, occasionally delving into sleepy ambience, with soft vocals and ghostly harmonies.I just listened to the EP and enjoyed it very much. Sounds a bit like the band "Iron and Wine" on the vocal side.The Creek Drank The CradleNot bad for a first listen. Easy listening enjoyment.
have alot of these songs, but there are a few lesser know artists and hit on the CD. Great sound.
Tim Renwick spent about 25 years playing with a who's who in Rock and Roll. Tim is an underrated guitarist that never overplays and manages to add something memorable. In this collection of blues instrumentals he shows his guitar prowess in a variety of styles. Well worth checking out!
Great to find a good collection of blues music on one album all from Chicago. Will keep you listening for hours.
As a fan of Marc Benno with Leon Russell, and subsequently loving his Lost in Austin album, I was totally thrilled to learn of this album he did with the Nightcrawlers.  This band features Doyle Bramhall on drums who is the late father of Doyle Bramhall II.  They were trying to get Jimmy Vaughan of the Fabulous T'Birds to play on it, but he begged off, offering to send his 17 year old younger brother instead.  The album flopped before it was even released, and A&M records terminated their contract and the planned tour, which explains why you've probably never heard of this band. I don't believe this album was even released until 2006, by some obscure label looking to cash in on Stevie Ray's contribution.  Working on this album was the beginning of SRV's rise to stardom, and his vocals were obviously heavily influenced by Doyle Bramhall.  They continued to work together, and Doyle B wrote many of SRVs best songs.  I've since downloaded Doyle's Bird Nest on the Ground, which is a totally awesome compilation of stuff he did between 1982 and 93 with a host of other artists, including his son DB II, SRV and Jimmy Vaughan.  The sound quality is a little rough, but for anyone interested in these artists, this is a must for your collection!
Coming from Detroit, and bringing with them their hard rocking blues, Delta Twins capture the energy of a live performance and imprint it onto their 2012 album, The Seasons & The Scars.  The twins themselves, Bob Young and Tom Kozanecki have only been playing together since 2009, but have already developed a synergy that sounds like they've been a duo for far longer than that.  While their backing band has had many musicians come and go, here at least they are joined by a number of talented artists and all of them have brought their "A-game."Kozanecki handles lead and rhythm guitar, while the other half of Delta Twins, Young, serves as lead vocalist and keyboardist, but also throws himself behind the guitar and harmonica.  Filling out the rest of the band is co-lead guitarist Jake Burdock, drummer Leland McCann, and Kenny Szymanski on bass.  Their skills are all revealed on the album's opening track, "Big Shoes."  A rollicking piano intro seamlessly flows into strong guitar riffing, a chugging bass line, and crisp, forceful drumming.  The grit in the guitar riff is unmistakably drawn from the blues, something reasserted within the song's tightly played, first solo.  It's the second solo that separates Delta Twins from others as the guitar opens up to unleash a flurry of notes with a down and dirty roar.Young's vocals are also dirty; he doesn't possess a tremendous range, and indeed there are times where he sounds a little strained or as if he's forcing himself.  Outside of these occasions though, he digs deep and lets lyrics fly with a salt of the Earth gusto that is as true as the music he's playing.  "On The Night Train" for example, has Young singing about the absence of his baby and how he awaits her return home on the night train.  While the subject isn't new to the blues, the lyric is sung with a vibrant vigor by Young.  His harmonica playing is also perfectly suited to the track, complimenting the guitars and furthering the song's theme of a train rolling on back home.Blues and rock influences come together frequently for Delta Twins and "Quick Fix" is a perfect example of that.  Between McCann's drums and Szymanski's bass, the two of them create a Bo Diddley beat over which Young jams on his harmonica and Kozanecki and Burdock chug away on their guitars.  It's this kind of solid blues-rock that acts as the glue holding The Seasons & The Scars together.  "Live My Life," "No Love Lost," and "Blindsided," all fall into the same category of being punchy rockers that have a stellar amount of quality instrumentation.  Particularly notable is "Blindsided" and how it incorporates the keyboards into the arrangement; an addition that provides a more unique sonic texture to the song, but without removing it from its blues-rock origins.The one major area of fault that the group runs into is on their longer songs, almost all of which feel like they're dragged out longer than they should be.  The first instance of this is "Remotely True."  The song itself is sonically unique; it begins with ominous keyboards and guitars that rattle in the distance.  A sound sample from the film, The Matrix is used after which the song opens up into its  time, extended blues jam.  Young sings about societal woes and what the world is coming to, but at nearly eight minutes long, the point is established well before that, and the instrumentation isn't always engaging enough to keep the song's momentum flowing.This is a greater issue on "Keeper," which clocks in at over eleven minutes.  There are some wonderful moments on this song, ranging from the exceptional keyboards, to the guitar effects in the extended instrumental passage, and the staggeringly strong solo that everything builds up to.  But that build would've been more effective in a more condensed version of the song.  In the notes for this album, the band mentions that some of these songs were based on jam sessions they used to do, with lyrics added afterwards.  Bearing that in mind, it's understandable why these pieces are the way they are, and based on that, fans of blues jams should find them remarkably enjoyable at the very least.Aside from the longer tracks, the music Delta Twins churn out on The Seasons & The Scars is consistently strong and exceptionally well performed.  Young and Kozanecki have really hit on something in the dynamic between them.  The amount of energy that radiates off of this album is almost unheard of for a set of studio recordings.  Even if it's not a perfect record, it's still one that demands listening to from fans of rocking blues.  And just as important for Delta Twins, this also acts as a reminder to the rest of the world about the powerful music force that Detroit was and continues to be.Artist: Delta TwinsAlbum: The Seasons & The ScarsReview by: Heath AndrewsRating: 4 Stars (out of 5)
The Mike Lucci Band - All In Good Time (Independent)A big hit on the Virginia / Washington, DC blues scene since their inception in 2008, Mike Lucci and his band play a bright, vibrant form of Chicago blues. With a trio of vocalists, Shelly Thiss, Ron Winston (guitar and vocals) and Rick Manson (harmonica and vocals), they can handle upbeat floor-fillers, slinky sideways R&B; shuffles and soulful, sultry, slow numbers without missing a beat.As with all blues artists, and especially so with contemporary acts, they've honed their sound and style playing live, getting a feel for what works and what doesn't, and writing and playing songs that suit themselves and their audience. Often transferring all that hard work into a studio setting, usually with time and financial constraints adding to the pressure, the results rarely match expectations. Fortunately that's not the case here. "All In Good Time" is animated and feisty; everyone in the band seems on top form, and the album flows like an album should.They begin with "My Babe", with Manson and Winston combining beautifully, and the cleanliness of the production brings to mind the classic Yardbirds' recordings of the late `60s. Thiss steps up to take lead for the first time on her self-penned "Take Me", and it's a sassy performance, with the band doing everything they can to keep up with the young vocalist. She's just as good when she slows things down on the old Chubby Newsome / Irma Thomas chestnut "Hip Shakin Mama".Perhaps they're at their most impressive on their "Hit the Road Jack / 16 Tons / Baby Please Don't Go" medley. The musicianship is lithe and nimble, the rhythm section providing rock steady support to the soloists, and the singers step up and impress through a series of call and response lines and some genuinely striking vocal interplay.
Like the title of the review read, this is a nice Blues instrumental CD...good variety of tunes, solid musicianship on this one, with other Chicago players like Kenny "Beady Eyes" Smith, and John Kattke on organ. Chris also spent some years with the Chi-Town all-star band Mississippi Heat, recording three albums with them. He also spent some time with Liz Mandeville as well. In 2004 Chris put out a CD on a Chicago label, also a all-instrumental disc. This was a more jazz oriented session-but that should point out to you that this guys got great guitar chops...If you like instrumental Blues, give this one a chance, I don't think that you'd be dissapointed.
Chicago soul abound on this great compilation! A wide variety of blues styles. Not a single bad track on here. Worth every single penny.
This is a great blues collection featuring a lot of songs and singers with whom I was unfamiliar. Some better than others, but no clinkers.  A fine collection, the first time through I felt I've known these tunes all my life..
This is a very nice album. I enjoy the tone of the acoustic guitar and melodic harmony in each song. "Give It All Up" definitely gets your feet tapping and head rocking. Well done Milsk!!!
I found this online, and loved the bits I heard. Listening to the entire CD does get a bit tedious - but they are a talented group. Wish the main guy would expand his style.
Great sound.  Harmonies, horns and groove all working.  Love the New Orleans thing.  Some lyrics not to my taste and with repetitive themes.
AcoustiHOO - S/T (Red Cedar Records)Wisconsin four-piece AcoustiHOO (Sue Orfield on saxophone, Lucas Fischer plays guitar and sings, Olaf Lind contributes violin and mandolin and Randy Sinz holds the rhythm together on double bass and sings, too) play a mix of old-school jazz, blues, Klezmer and Americana on their new, self-titled debut record. They've been performing together since 2010, playing both covers and original material.They've a talent for both joyous dance music and melancholy material, and it's the latter that launches the record; "I Can't Shake This Sadness" is beautifully languid, with Orfield's saxophone leading the way. By contrast, their take on the `20s jazz standard "Sweet Georgia Brown" will surely get the most leaden of feet moving and back-ends a-shaking - if you get my drift.The gentle "Lullaby" relies on Fischer's acoustic guitar for mellow propulsion and on "Two Fifteen" the combination of Lind's violin and Orfield's saxophone is beautifully unhurried. "5am Blues" is perhaps their most conventional song - it's folk-rock influences and jazz flourishes bring to mind the West Coast boho scene of the early to mid `70s, and artists like Tom Waits and Rickie Lee Jones.In and around her Chippewa Valley hometown, Orfield is a musician of some repute, and has played with a diverse range of talents, from Bo Diddley and Dizzy Gillespie to Ivan Neville and the Indigo Girls. Although AcoustiHOO aren't quite as prominent as those artists, these eleven recordings will only add to her reputation.
good songs hope she learns to play guitar bettertracks 25 & 28 messed up how do I get this fixed?
I have been a fan of Rick's talent for some time. This collection is a bit different from his previous releases but you can tell right away that Rick is right at home with the bluesy jazz that make up these three instrumental pieces. Sit back, relax and enjoy.
Bigg Robb better known as the "fliest & sexiest "FATMAN" in show business" has released his 8th full length project "Think Bigg".A protege and former member of the "Late" Roger Troutman and Zapp Band. Bigg Robb have been a major marquee on the "Southern Soul" market for over 10 yrs now and still continues his trademark charisma and funny antics as you will hear on this project."Think Bigg" an 18 song project is a lil' different in style and flavor compared to his previous projects. Bigg Robb seems to be more geared with playing more of the older style of Southern Soul blues and experimenting with different grooves like Go-Go and Zydeco which lacks that Southern Soul/Funk and that Roger "Talkbox" you've heard throughout in so many past projects although Bigg Robb still uses the "HELL" out of Auto-tune and in my opinion Auto-tune is played out.Don't get it twisted Bigg Robb have some good songs like the rendition of Lattimore "Let's Straighten it out", "Thirsty / I Cant Wait (Medley)", "Partytime", "Slow Motion"," Not Ashamed", "Looking For A Country Girl", "Swing It For Me" (Swingout 2step Mix) & "Carla's Song (Bigg Robb's Love Theme II)" which is a jazz version twist of Michael Jackson "The Lady In My Life"."Think Bigg" is a good project. I will admit that some songs had to grow on me and it falls short compared to past projects like "Grown Folks Muzic", "8 Tracks N 45's", "Jerri Curl Muzic", & "Soul Prescription" but if you ever get a chance to see Bigg Robb in concert like I have you certainly WILL NOT be disappointed!They don't call him the "Fliest & Sexiest "FATMAN" in show business" for nothing...That's for sure! :)
What a good find!! I'm a real fan of blues and "Blue Sharp Minor" is now my new favorite CD! You will not be disappointed!
Stacia Petrie Ford - In Your Corner (Independent)A stalwart of Detroit's acoustic rock and blues scene since the early `90s, Stacia Petrie Ford has racked an impressive list of nominations and awards, and released a succession of well received albums; both under her own name, and with her group, Detroit Women.On her new collection "In Your Corner" there's a strong singer-songwriter element at the fore, which defines the sound of the album, and allows Stacia the freedom to explore a variety of roots genres without sacrificing her own artistic character or the record's intrinsic identity. Put simply, "In Your Corner" sounds like a Stacia Petrie Ford record, whether she's playing blues, folk or country inspired styles.The album begins beautifully with "Don't Borrow Trouble", a catchy, infectious country-pop song that would sound great on the radio alongside Kelly Willis and Lucinda Williams cuts. "Loose Ends" and "There's Always More Love" are instantly recognisable as classic singer-songwriter fare, the latter utilizing piano in a way that brings to mind Carole King's much-loved `70s output.When she plays the blues, on "Stew in My Blues" and the funky "Love's Got to Win Out" she's utterly enthralling, and best of all is the concluding track, the faultless "Helpin' You Ain't Helpin' You (Part 2)" where she brings everything together - great guitar, too.
Strong fresh guitar rock with a blues and funk backstory. Just gave it a quick listen, buying decision was easy.
The &#34;Lay it Down&#34; track will kick you around the room.  The whole CD is solid with great blues work and some very tasty vocals.  Some songs have a definite country feel but in all it is a great CD.
Samantha really rocks, this is a very good CD but I expected more.  Looking forward to another.  Miles to go, Black Wind Howlin and Lets have some fun, really rock.  Another song keeps yelling go to hell, I think that is annoying.  Saw Samantha in Sarasota last month, great show and has matured since I saw her 2 years earlier.  Her best is yet to come.
It's nice to hear good blues from a modern day artist. This is as nice to listen  to as it is to look at !!
Iam a big fan of Samantha and was looking forward to her 2nd CD (her band) and Iam pleased with her work .great songs fantastic guitar  work and a little surprise on the last song , which I liked. over all a well done CD!
Samantha Fish is great and her music is awesome.  I really do love the way she plays that guitar.  Good one to add to my MP3 mix.
I bought this release based on positive reviews in one US & one UK 'guitar magazines'. But you don't have to be a guitarist to appreciate Samantha Fish's work, you merely need to have a pair of ears.A fresh young blues artist that sounds like a bona vide veteran. She shows great &#34;touch&#34; playing her Tele-style guitar (love the sound hole design-it's not a decal). And her singing is mature, yet clear, not muddy.I would certainly be open to purchase later releases from Samantha.
Samantha Fish will be one of the performers at the upcoming Amelia Island Blues Festival, which we will attend in September.  And we thought we would try out a taste before hand.  Looking forward to more in FL.
Geoff Achison is one of the most innovative blues guitarists around, and his solo acoustic work is particularly astounding.  I'll just use the buzz-words I have used in reviews of his other albums to describe his acoustic work-- percussive, fluid and funky, but his voice is an acquired taste.  Whether or not you need this album depends on what you already have from him.  The liner notes for the cd edition indicate that the tracks here (mostly from 2011) are mostly intended to make available some songs that were released as solo acoustic songs on now out-of-print albums.  Similar versions of most of the songs on Live At Burrinja Cafe were also on either Mystery Train, Acho Solo, or the acoustic part of Souldiggin' In The UK.  If you have those three now-rare albums, then you already have some pretty similar renditions of most of the tracks here.  They're great tracks, and they are just different enough from the previous recordings that they aren't entirely superfluous, but they aren't exactly re-imaginings, and that was the point.  The last three tracks, though, are 2008 recordings with Rob Henson on stand-up bass, and they are pretty cool too.  However, they aren't exactly stretched out jams.So, should you bother with this?  If you are an obsessive Geoff Achison fan, obviously.  If not, that depends on whether or not you already have Mystery Train, Acho Solo and Souldiggin' In The UK.  If you don't, and you don't feel like spending the money on rare out-of-print cds, this will be essential for you.  Geoff's blazing acoustic renditions of Whipping Post and Superstition alone are worth it.  They just aren't that different from the renditions on Souldiggin' In The UK and Acho Solo respectively.
A good mix of popular blues artists (many of them still alive) doing one of their classic songs. An upbeat collection.
For the price this is good mix. I would have liked the words, as some downloads have, also a few songs are not classics and I think used just to complete the count.
When you need a fix from all the pretentious music out there step into the world of The Buddaheads. They've got the cure for what ails you...
Following on the award-winning success of their first album, &#8220;Sell Your Soul&#8221; is this Dutch duo&#8217;s much anticipated second album.  Micha Sprenger is a fine guitarist with a varied and groovy playing style, while Kevin de Harde is an expressive singer, who really belts it out, and his harmonica playing is just brilliant.  These boys compliment each other perfectly, and all thirteen songs are written by these two musicians. This all starts with a Mississippi Delta blues sensation, pure and minimalist, then gets electrified before returning to the Delta.  Its clear that these folks revere the tradition of Mississippi music, but they are not afraid to experiment and add styles.
I heard a track from this Austin-based singer songwriter on a Big Bend Records sampler in Texas Music Magazine. I liked all the tracks on the sampler but Engel's stood out. It was his voice (rough hewn - think a more melodious Dylan) and the rhythm. I looked for his CD but it hadn't been released yet. Now it's out. I can't be sure, but I think the song I heard was  "Champagne" but another I like almost as much is the lead-off track "Avalon", the first of 12 songs on this 47-minute CD.The Cd comes in a digipak with the song titles printed on the back and the list of musicians on one inside panel (in nearly impossible-to-read type face. The other inside panel shows nothing but a photo of a train. I sure wish record companies would use graphic designers who think of the purchaser and provide info about a new artist (I had to depend on a press release), in typeface size and color that can be read. Fancy outsides are fine, but the inside should contain info. Also, the designer should have probably used spell-check (Jesse Ebaugh is listed as playing "peddle steel" (peddle???)I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Debbie Bond And The Trudats &#8211; That Thing Called Love (Blues Root Productions)Singer-songwriter-guitarist Debbie Bond has been playing her blues (and paying her dues) for nigh on three decades, both leading her own bands and supporting the cream of her local Alabama scene at home and around Europe. All that experience is utilized on her new record &#8220;That Thing Called Love&#8221; &#8211; recorded with her guys, The Trudats, it&#8217;s a collection that showcases Bond&#8217;s many talents as well as her myriad influences.Her ability to combine classic country and soul grooves into her Southern blues template certainly lends the album a timelessness that&#8217;s instantly appealing. She&#8217;s also surrounded herself with players who understand the subtleties of the music, and play to its inherent strengths, stepping up when required, but always leaving space for the star attractions &#8211; Bond&#8217;s vocals and musicianship.They begin with &#8220;You're the Kind of Trouble&#8221;, and the band find their feet immediately and build the kind of chugging rhythm the Velvet Underground would have pioneered had they called Birmingham, Ala. home and never ventured north of Memphis &#8211; its home-brewed, slightly lo-fi ambiance adding to the conceit. They follow with &#8220;Steady Rolling Man&#8221;, a pre-war blues-belter, which borrows equally from the New Orleans tradition and New York&#8217;s Cotton Club.They&#8217;re particularly impressive on the ballads, where Bond get the chance to stretch her vocal chords. &#8220;Feed My Soul&#8221; sets the tone, and &#8220;Falling&#8221; is just as special, although it&#8217;s probably the title track that&#8217;s my favourite of the slower numbers. Its mix of keys and guitar is jazzy and sultry, and Bond&#8217;s vocal provides a plethora of shivery highs.
Intentionally or not, these Indiana brothers may have created a sonic bridge between old-school blues traditionalists and new-breed blues primitives. The guitar and blues harp on these mostly original tracks ooze with postwar authenticity and the primal production speaks to the Hill Country sounds found so inspiring the last couple decades. Along with the decidely Delta title track, &#8220;Your Image&#8221;, &#8220;Cruel Lovin&#8217;&#8221; and &#8220;You Crazy&#8221; stand out.
Enjoyed this CD a lot.  Great road music.  Would highly recommend to any music lover.  Going back to Amazon to look for more Suhler.
Excellent fresh band, great songs I will definitely keeping them on my radar. If you like The Bluefields, Dan Baird, Jason and the scorchers you will like these guys
A welcome addition to my Blues collection.
Blues and soul/jazz fans may remember the origins of this band which played throughout Western Canada from 1998 to 2004. The band has been reformed by producer, guitarist Terry Medd. The players are; Pat Belliveau and John Reid &#8211; Tenor Sax, Dr Z &#8211; Trumpet, Paul Evans &#8211; Baritone Sax, Guy Plecash &#8211; Keyboards and Lead Vocals, Kenny Chalmers &#8211; Drums, Bryan Czar - Bass Guitar, and  Marty Cochrane &#8211; Lead Vocals. The members of this group have performed with and backed a who&#8217;s who list of travelling stars in the blues, jazz and R&B; fields over the last 35 years. They have graced the stages of countless festivals and shows throughout North America and Europe. Yes they are &#8220;experienced&#8221;! They have played on countless albums. In Bluesland with The Cold Sweat Horns you will hear these players, not as anonymous sidemen but as the main act.On this new album you&#8217;ll hear a combination of original material and some classic covers given fresh, new arrangements- classic Rhythm and Blues, songs from Kansas City to Memphis, greasy funk and down in the groove New Orleans blues with a touch of Gospel and Soul/Jazz. As a bonus, the album has some special guests dropping in such as Tom Lavin of the legendary Powder Blues.  Enjoy your trip to Bluesland and the new album &#34;Down In New Orleans&#34;.
Great entertainer and interpretation of the lyrics. Only wish it was available in hard copy. Love the way all my Amazon purchases are linked with all my devices :-)
Bob Dorough is an American bebop and cool jazz pianist, composer and vocalese singer born in Arkansas in 1923 which makes him about 90 years of age right now and still making great music. Although neglected and underexposed most of his life, Bob Dorough is an adventurous, risk-taking master of vocalese (the process of writing and singing lyrics to instrumental jazz solos) and scat singing. He started on piano in the 1940s, then took up singing in the early '50s. From 1954-1955, Dorough lived in Paris, where he recorded with singer Blossom Dearie. The improviser launched his own recording career when he signed with Bethlehem in 1955 and recorded the excellent Devil May Care. But sadly, he recorded only sporadically after that. In 1962, Dorough co-wrote "Comin' Home Baby" (a hit for Mel Torm&eacute;) with Ben Tucker. In the early '70s, he began writing and directing the series of educational children's TV programs, Schoolhouse Rock. Though instructional material became his bread and butter, Dorough recorded obscure jazz dates. In 1997, a 73-year-old Dorough received some long-overdue attention from a major label when the Capitol-distributed Blue Note released Right on My Way Home. While Dorough's music smacks of East Coast sophistication, his voice retains the rural grace of his home state. Dorough's voice is like that of the Broadway lyricist singing his or her own song: it is not beautiful or even pretty. It is honest and authentic and humble.There is nothing to `just get used to' in Bob Donough's music in this album. It is nostalgic, with it, entertaining and masterfully created. The ensemble for EULALIA  is Bob Dorough,  Piano, Vocals, Arrangements, Steve Gilmore, Acoustic Bass, Herman Matthews,  Drums, Phil Woods ,  Alto Sax, Aralee Dorough , Flute, Dennis Dotson, Trumpet, Thomas Hult&eacute;n , Trombone, Tuba, Warren Sneed, Tenor Sax, Soprano Sax, Keith Vivens,  Electric Bass, Ray Wilson, Guitar, Mike Mizma - Vibes, Pandeiro, Gary Mitchell, Jr., Choirmaster, Vocals & Hammond B3, and Tammie Bradley, Vocals.The tracks are as follows:Eulalia (Bob Dorough)Love  (Webster's Dictionary) (Dan Greenburg, Monty Ghertler and Bob Dorough)Whatever Happened to Love Songs (Bill Loughborough,  Bob Dorough)But For Now  (Bob DoroughTo Be or Not to Bop (Bob Dorough)I've Got Just About Everything (Bob Dorough)A Few Days of Glory (Fran Landesman, Bob DoroughConsummation (Joseph PeineEulalia Reprise (Bob Dorough)Turn up the good times - Donough's back in town. Grady Harp, February 14
This is a great new  album just released. The songs, lyrics and beats are great.  I listen to it in my car all the time . Upload it to your device, you will  not regret!
Filled with bouncy melodies and beautiful harmonies, this is a special record. Mike Delledera and his band have created an album that is as dynamic as it is fun to listen to. With organ accents and horn accompaniments Mike and his band craft a sound that is familiar yet completely their own. Their style is reminiscent of jam greats like Phish and the Dead but also contains some more bluesy accents and angelic backing vocals, helping them to shine in their own way. Don't miss out on this album!
Mike Delledera Band sure does deliver on their album &#34;WakeUpSideDowntown.&#34; While mostly immersed in the Jam Band scene, elements of blues and country makes this band stand alone in their musical endeavors. Their eclectic approach to this record gives any listener the chance to connect with the lyrics, instrumentation, and production of &#34;WakeUpSideDowntown.&#34; If you like Jam bands and country, you'll love this album!
Lovin this in the car..sure the mix is a little rough but these guys get me going! Really happy I got the CD cause auto rip is instant gratification
This CD has a great variety of songs and sounds.  I love the singer and guitar playing. Blues/Jazz/Rock.  It's got it all.