There is so little ink on this classic blues genre yet Cephas & Wiggins bring it fully to life in this most excellent set.  If you want to know American Blues you can't pass this one up.
Great singer kind of like BB s crisp and clean. If you like tunes with lots of changes and passing chords you'll like this. Not only can this guy play to the changes, he can rip! Speaking from a guitar players perspective, he is awesome. Everybody on this cd is great. A musicians  must.
Chris Cain is the best modern Blues player. His songs have interesting and refreshing changes in them and you can hear past masters of the Blues in his playing. But he goes further and adds his own way of playing that's strong and unique. And moving. I would recommend all of Chris's recordings. He's been playing a long time and just keeps getting better. Amazing.
Pete Bernhard is a lyrical genius. That's all there is to it. Puts on an amazing live show. Also try out the Devil Makes Three.  If you don't like this music I will eat my hand
I've been looking for this album and had no idea that it was right here. This is the first album I've ever downloaded before. When Pete bernhard is behind the wheel, you can never go wrong! Viva DMT
first all son seals is probably in my top five bluesman of all time. and this cd is simply amazing. his studio albums are really good but he really shines on the live albums. so do yourself a favor and pick this one up
Amazing, must have disc.  This is not something you buy in a &#34;pick and choose&#34; nature.  Buy the WHOLE disc and listen it to the way it was recorded, the way it was meant to be heard.  Hear a woman who is a force to be reckoned with, and let that spirit fill you.
Jan Spillane is an outstanding talent that will stir your heart with &#34;Gut Feeling &#34;. This album is one of her best!
Can't tell whether these are trios or quartets, but there are a few clarinets (including a bass clarinet - who doesn't like the sound of a bass clarinet?) tooting away cheerfully on arrangements of standards and originals.All in all, I find it really pleasant! But you have to like the silky sound of a clarinet.
You got to love a quintet of five virtuoso clarinetists.(Beth Custer, Ben Goldberg, Sheldon Brown, Peter Josheff, Ralph Carney)
No disappointments here; just down home gritty reality stricken lyrics backed up with real instrumental talent !!Pump out the canyon walls and fill up the box draws we're coming in full throttle with the steer on the new moon tonight !!
dirty, raw, organic, greasy, bluesy, booty shaking good time acoustic music! they sound like 3 bluegrass pickers that got hit by a train loaded with every sweaty blues musician from mississipi. i've got 2 albums by these guys, had the pleasure of seeing them play once, and just from that i've come to the conclusion that they're the best band to ever come from the state of alabama. a year or so ago they just vanished, no shows, no myspace, video gone from youtube. maybe they were abducted by aliens or something, or maybe they decided to quit music and start making bead necklaces from petrified bong resin, whatever it is they're doing now i'm sure it's something kickass. i miss 'em and i really wish i had about 11 more gravy soppers albums.
Stage Road Blues is a wonderful album. D.B. Walker is very talented and a joy to listen to.  My only complaint is that we don't have a few more albums of his like this one to enjoy.  You should buy it.
This is a very diverse album, true to the title.  James Hogan is a fantastic fusion guitarist and every song on here is great!!
this guy along with this band needs to make at least a couple of more records like this-his country,rockabilly stuff really is super-plus his sisters voice kicks ass
These two guys (Leonard Griffie & John O. Nelson) must have been born with blue blood. Both have had successful careers as solo &/or members of bands, but have joined forces for this album. The sound just flows from them & gets absorbed by you, both the lyrics & music.Nothing loud or jarring, it's just a great CD. I just hope it is not their last.(One thing I would suggest, buy more than one copy - because you'll either wear out your first copy or your mates will nick it after they hear it.
Laura Kanani is one of the most talented singer song-writers that unfortunately has yet to be discovered. Her songs are clever heart wrenching confessions of the soul. Her voice is amazing and her range is unparalleled. The only downfall is that there is only four songs available! Listen, love, buy you won't regret it!
John Cook's Out of the Basement is a collection of original songs designed to make one think about their own life. It is soulful, relaxing and just plan good music with great guitar.
Little Mack Simmons is a criminally ignored blues vocalist and harmonica player that has been around since the 70's and certainly deserves a wider audience.Little Mack has a soulful, rough edged tenor voice and his arragements of both the blues classics and his own original songs bear his own distinctive stamp.He's a versatile performer who is at home doing country blues, urban blues, jazz and even a few R&B; songs. This collection of his earliest recordings in the Seventies and Eightes, on Electro-Fi is an essential recording for any hard-core blues fan.STRONGEST CUTS ON CD: Leaving in the Morning, My Babe & Mystrey Train.TIP: Check out Little Mack's soulful intrepetation of the jazz classic St. James Infirmary on his 1998 release, "Little Mack Is Back"
This a great book about a great band. Learned a lot about the history and also why I liked many bands that the members of little Feat played with or influenced.
MAN!  it doesn't get any better than this.  Rob Rio is UNDERRATED. he should play on David Lettermans  show and get more nationa exposure.l exposure.  Keep moving Rob, your one of the very best.S
Of his four albums on your website, this seems to be the best one.  It is pure boogie woogie with virtually no singing.  I am 70 years old and have loved (and played) boogie woogie since I was 5 years old.  I have hundreds of boogie songs and this album definitely rates at the top.  How come I have never heard of this guy before accidentally hearing him on Youtube?  If you like boogie woogie, this is the album to have.
Excellent quality and sound&#62; The album takes me back to my college days  liked it then love it now.. it give my music son something to judge yesterday with thee no sound of today
This concert was a special on Cinemax in the 1980's.  After many years we were able to find a VHS tape.  Finally, the DVD came out.  Excellent quality in audio and video for such an old concert.  Great entertainers, many of which have now passed on, with fantastic songs at a great price.  Amazon does it again!  This concert DVD is a legacy to them all.  I highly recommend this DVD for all blues fans.
Brilliant solo & ensemble performances from all artists.  Vocal & Instrumental collaboration is stellar.  Due to subsequent losses of Stevie Ray Vaughn, Paul Butterfield, Etta James & Albert King, this is a performance that can never be repeated. Buy this album and enjoy for many years to come..
Great mix of blues masters singing classic blues songs. I have had allot of people tell me they hate &#34;live&#34; albums and on the most part I am not someone who is drawn to them, However the charm of all concerned in this album is multiplied by the subtle crowd interaction, especially when Etta is concerned. She absolutely steals the show with her powerful voice and presence. If you are a Etta fan, I recommend at least listening to &#34;Blind Girl&#34; duet with Papa John.
El Monte Legion Stadium~"Be THERE or be SQUARE!" Thats right, thats where the saying came from. The Penguins, The Shields.....ooooh, dooobie dooo!A MUST OWN if you like the REAL oldies!
If you get tired from hearing the same rendition of all the classic Christmas songs, yet want to hear an album that you still know the lyrics to, this album is for you.  My wife and I love turning this on, as we go about our Christmas rituals...from gift wrapping, to cooking and baking, and celebrating with family and friends...this album is commonly heard in the background of our house during such a special season.
How are there not more reviews of this amazing album? From the mandolinist who brought us the Gator Strut(!), this outstanding fingerstyle Christmas guitar album. He uses about 10 different tunings for 12 songs. It gives each song this meditative feeling, which I think is perfect for reflecting about Christmas. Mike sounds like a cool dude: he plays multiple instruments, can speed pick mandolin, can cover Bach (check out Partita #3 on Gator Strut album), bluegrass, and sounds like he cooks a bit too. This album includes in the liner notes about the fish balls his family makes for Christmas. (I actually saw he contributed music to this book about California Wine Country. I ordered it used off amazon and was disappointed it didn't include the cd.) This Christmas album is one of my favorites. It is a single guitar for the entire cd. It's not fast, it is completely instrumental, and adds great acoustic warmth to the season of Christmas. He should be proud of this music. I wish he would record another.
I have been a fan of Mike Marshall for years, but I always thought of him as a mandolinist. I stumbled across this recording by accident, and it hit home immediately. This is now one of my favorite finger-style guitar albums.  I listen to it any time of the year, it is so well composed.  The guitar execution is clean and precise, yet it carries such warmth and conviction. And the recording quality is superb - it sounds like you are sitting right next to Mike in the studio.When I listened to this CD, I recalled that he had played such wonderful guitar with the group Montreaux long ago, but then climbed to fame primarily on mandolin.  What a surprise it was to hear him return to guitar for this recording - it is the perfect medium for these arrangements.This CD touches the right spot when it comes to capturing a deeply introspective feeling of Christmas - a true winner of a recording.  Thank you, Mike, you've touched us again!
I don't know where or whom or how I was introduced to this album but I had to buy it. If I'm playing music it is probably this album. I bought a phone for touch tunes so I could play this on Touch Tunes juke boxes. What a shame it's not available on them. The Mamma Lou song was playing when we entered the cemetery to bury my little sister Ellen beside our mother's grave. Our mom's name is Lula but her friends called her Lou. One line in the song contains Momma Lou, I'm staying here with you. How appropriate was that? Good stuff !!!
Adrian Duke's Myspace tagline is "Blurring the lines between Blues Funk R&B & Jazz" and THAT he does. I was fortunate enough to see Duke and his band at an outdoor concert two weeks ago. TIGHT! There are few artists/bands that make an instant fan out of me--Adrian Duke is one. I've purchased two of his CDs already. Duke's original songs sound like new standards, and even his covers sound like his own; his arrangements are fresh, entertaining, and even at times humorous (in concert).  Check him out!!! If you like Little Feat, Candy Dulfer, Robert Cray, Keb Mo, Bonnie Raitt, and B.B. King, you are sure to like Adrian Duke.
Lil' Son Jackson is one of my favorite blues singers and guitarists.  He made a lot of great music, and this collection brings much of it together in one place.  Haunting tunes all the way through.  A definite must if you want to soak in the really deep country blues.
to think he was like 16 when he recorded this ... great phrasing on his licks ... very impressed and love listening to him jam
Incredible! How old was Eric when he made this album? Fourteen? I've seen him many times at the Musikfest in Bethlehem, Pa.This album is a great representation of his live show. Buy the album but go see him if/when he comes to a town near you.
This is my first exposure to early BB, and I'm tempted to say that the difference between early and late BB King is like the difference between early and late Elvis -- so WOW, fresh and exciting in the beginning, jaded and world-weary at the end. This is a great album.
If you are truly, and I mean truly, a blues music lover, you will definitely love this cd. Because the whole cd is good, it is well worth adding to your blues collection.
eddie taylor is to unknown if you are a blues fan at all you should know this man and own if nothing else of his atleast this cd. it is amazing. but dont take my word for it get it and enjoy. you will not be sorry
The man is a genius and pure gold in my book, from the delta all the way to Chicago, he will never be equaled. You can't go wrong with this guy. I saw him three times and it was always a massive wall of sound. Amazing!
What can't this guy do with a guitar. I love it he is always trying to do more and always striving to push boundries.
I have owned and enjoyed this album for years. Take time to listen to his words. It may take a couple of times through to hear him growl out his lyrics. When you are done and you have heard his heart, ask yourself, "Did Mama put it all in the jar..." Enjoy!
If you're a fan a hard driving blues/rock, you will love this album. Nearly all tracks are up-tempo, high-energy winners. Perfect for my weight workouts or high-intensity intervals. Love it!
Many people consider sonny boy wiliamson I the grandfather of blues harmonica and I can see why. great blues album.
Excellent music, by an amazing artist. Will look for more recordings by this artist in the future, a must buy for any fan
Walter Davis is often over-looked these days but in his prime (mid '30's to early to mid '40's)he was very popular.Vol 7 is a very high priced set($99 used on Amazon) so I suggest buying the Amazonmp3 for $8.99 and download and burn yourself. You wont be sorry-this disc contains &#34;Tears Came Rollling Down&#34;,,,,One of the evocative piano/guitar duets ever waxed!!
An album I can't listen to without feeling moved. The songs are beautiful, with sparse arrangements that highlight the clearly audible lyrics and deftly-fingered guitar work. This is exemplified by the title track, but even the intro track, "Cross of Flowers" brings out the memories of driving into the places you know well on the way home. These songs and the vocal delivery give a powerful jolt of emotion, from wistfulness, loss, yearning, or even playfulness.
This 1991 release is as good as Texas blues can get. Darrell Nulisch proves to be an excellent singer and a fantastic Harp player. The band is also in good shape. A young Joe Moeller(saw him this year as a member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds) ,only 20 years old at the time of this recording plays like an old pro. Moeller not only shines when he solos but he also has the art of backing Nulisch's harp playing down pat. Steve Gomes a veteran bass player and drummer David Olson play together in a tight knit style that is right on time. This was Nulisch's first disc as a band leader but he was not a newcomer to the blues scene having had a long relationship playing with Anson Funderburg, and a short stint with Ronnie Earl. The songs are mostly originals and are very well crafted and soulful. One track in particular,Orange Soda  really showcases Nulisch's Harp chops and is in the Little Walter Jacobs style. I have always felt that Nulisch has been a bit short changed by the blues press on how great of a harmonica player he is and this recording shows just how good he is on his instrument.  I really feel that all lovers of blues music should have this record in their collection. This is a testament to how good modern blues can be. great vocals, a tight band ,and soulful songs. what more could you ask for! I actually wore out my first disc of this fine music and was grateful that Amazon had this recording in stock. If you don't have it buy it. You won't be sorry.
I listen to this recording and find James' style of guitar playing mirrored in the work of Stevie Ray Vaughn and Etta James. I like all of &#34;Dust My Broom&#34; cuts. James rocks the house!
I'll be honest I like Luther Allison. I've always felt his best shows as this is a live recording was when he had horns onstage and this album fits the bill. Great musical interaction between Luther and the saxophonist throughout the recording.
This CD contains a bunch of bare and sweet blues tunes that I love to listen to when I am feeling angry, nasty, or totally happy.  It is earthy, raw, delightful and one of the best collections of blues of the last 30 years. A gem.
Ronnie Earl can match chops with anybody. He can also play as soulfully. I don't have one "favorite" guitarist, but Mr. Earl would make the short list. The Broadcasters are an extraordinary band.  Highest recommendation.
Deep Blues is an outstanding blues cd that includes 17 songs. Deep Blues combines Ronnie Earl's first two releases, Smokin' and They Call Me Mr. Earl. I love to listen to Deep Blues. I am fascinated by Deep Blues and will definitely continue to regularly and truly enjoy Deep Blues long after my first rush of playing the cd time after time is past. In fact, so far I've enjoyed Deep Blues a bit more every time that I listen to it. Ronnie Earl is certainly a highly accomplished guitarist! The Broadcasters are a very tight and very competent band that sound a bit like Robert Cray's band without the horns. Both vocalists, Kim Wilson and Sugar Ray Norcia, are wonderful blues singers! Another very positive quality of Deep Blues is that all of the songs on the cd are definitely excellent BLUES! Therefore, the title of this cd is very appropriate. If you are a discerning blues fan, you can enjoy listening to each and every song on Deep Blues without flipping past a song that seems poor or out of place. Another very positive quality of Deep Blues is that the music has a "stripped-down to just the right basics, almost live, although recorded in the studio" feel to it. Deep Blues, as is true of many other cds, could benefit from some remastering, at least on some of the songs. But, and this is important, the sound quality of Deep Blues is certainly clear enough to truly enjoy listening to all of the music on the cd, without any distractions, just the way it is! Overall, I very highly recommend Deep Blues to you. I truly think you'll enjoy it. (One month later and Deep Blues is still the primary cd that I am listening to and enjoyng. Deep Blues is simply a MASTERPIECE OF THE BLUES! I also ordered and have listened to Heart and Soul: The Best of Ronnie Earl, which is not as good a blues cd as is Deep Blues. I'm of the opinion that DEEP BLUES is the ONE VERY BEST RONNIE EARL CD TO OWN AND PLAY due to the excellent blues singing of Sugar Ray Norcia and Kim Wilson, along with Ronnie Earl's great guitar playing.)John
This is not a blues CD in the true sense of the word. However, if you are a guitar player and appreciate roots rock n' roll and R & B this is a must have album. Ronnie Earl is a master in this genre.
I had this CD when it first came out, but was stolen in home break-in.Now it's back in my collection.  I've been a fan of Ronnie Earl since his days in Roomful Of Blues.  Never fails!  One great guitar player of all styles of blues.  Great CD for anyone who loves the blues guitar.
Bukka White is right there at the top of my list of favorite bluesmen with Skip James and Howlin' Wolf. This collection contains all his early recordings in the 30's and 40's when he was at his best. Every song on here is great including classics Parchman Farm Blues, Shake 'Em on Down, and Fixin' to Die Blues, but my favorites are some of the lesser known cuts such as District Attorney Blues, When Can I Change My Clothes, and Special Stream Line. If you like acoustic blues and you aren't familiar with Bukka White, you need to be. Check out his YouTube video performing Aberdeen Mississippi Blues and you will be blown away by the aura this guy had.
This is some great old country blues. Definately 5 stars. Very moving stuff and the recordings are great quality for the time. Some have a little noise but most are very clean.
Bukka White is amazing. Acoustic blues, great slide guitar, driving songs that stick in your head. "Aberdeen, Mississippi," "District Attorney Blues," "Parchman Farm Blues" and "Fixin' To Die" are Standout tracks.  These are old recordings, but most sound pretty good--think the Victor recordings of Tommy Johnson, vs. the poorer quality Paramount recordings.But I'm here in part to say that all the tracks on this compilation are also available on the "Fixin' To Die" compilation if that one happens to be cheaper or more available whenever you read this review.
I had heard a lot about Snooks and never checked him out, so being a hardcore blues fan, I picked this up. WOW what an exuberant, soulful, just amazing album. Snooks's vocals are perfect for nearly every track, and his guitar playing is out of this world. Though some of the songs are covers of familiar classics (such as Dizz Miss Lizzy), they are done so well that in some cases they are perhaps the best versions of the songs. There's not a weak moment on the album, and it rewards multiple listens. It's hard to cite a highlight since the it is of such uniform high quality, but if I had to I'd say they are the funky "Soul Train," groovin' "teasin you" and purely joyful "jesus will fix it for you." What a treat this is... if you haven't heard any Snooks, please check him out... it's great to know we have a couple of great ones left like him in the blues world, and I don't even know that his greatness is truly appreciated. This man is a treasure.
I saw Roxanne Potvin at the Bayfront Blues Festival in Duluth Mn in 2009 and immediately started buying her music.  She has one of those nuanced voices that you don't expect to hear from someone so young and dewey.  Go ahead and try it.
&#34;Talk To You By Hand&#34; is a legendary recording that established Anson Funderburgh as one of the all time greats of Texas blues guitar.While his rhythm guitar approach was close in style to Jimmie Vaughan, Anson brought his own influences and voice to his solo work--and what a voice it is!!  Combining elements of B.B. King, T-Bone Walker, Freddie King and Magic Sam, Anson laid down the groundwork for a new approach to playing the blues in a four and five piece blues ensemble. If you want a textbook on when NOT to play, using space in between rhythm and solo phrasing, this is IT. And when he does step out, Brother look out!!BTW, for all you Stratocaster freaks out there--you need not go any further to find aural evidence why old Strat pickups sounded better...this is a 1957 Stratocaster through a Super Reverb amp with no stupid pedals to mess up the signal chain. Try getting that tone out of pickups made today--impossible. Can I give this album 12 stars??
Speaking of White Texas Blues guitar, those are the names: Johnny Winter, Billy Gibbons, Jimmie and Stevie Ray Vaughan and of course, Anson Funderburgh.In terms of style, the twin brother of Jimmie V, as a matter of fact, the first records of Anson and the Rockets (with the great Darrell Nulish) and the three first of the Fabulous Thunderbirds, seem milk brothers. Heavily influenced by Albert Collins, B.B.King and Lightning Hopkins, Anson Funderburgh keep playing the blues like it has to be played, mean and lean, right to the bone. No fussion, no confussion.  The real deal.Extremely recommended, along with Sins (1987)and Rack'Em up (1989)
Gotta get more Mike Morgan for my blues collection.  This is good stuff!  Great guitar work, and I like both of the vocalists who have sung on the albums I've gotten so far.
After reviewing a CD of the early recordings of Jimmy Yancey,In the Beginningand discussing Yancey with friends, I was inspired to rehear more music by this great Chicago blues and boogie-woogie pianist.  The introspective varied and musical quality of Yancey's piano raised boogie to rare artistry. A recent essay by the philosopher Vincent Colapietro, oddly enough, also brought Yancey to mind. In discussing American jazz, Colapietro wrote: "The practice in question is that of jazz, especially when conceived in a tradition of innovation and improvisation.  We encounter in jazz performances ..... almost always the spirit of playfulness, sometimes a sense of the sacred, and inevitably an intensified consciousness of human fallibility." Colapietro helped me listen more deeply to Yancey.For those readers who may be unfamiliar, the aptly named "Document" CDs include a vast collection of difficult to find American blues, gospel, songster and other roots music. The CDs extend for multiple volumes and present recordings of artists in chronological order, including many unissued sides.  The series is the product of an Austrian, Johhny Parth. Document CDs are an invaluable resouce for those seriously interested in American music. They are also an excellent source for listeners with a strong interest in a particular performer, including Yancey.The CD I am reviewing is the second of three Document recordings titled, "Jimmy Yancey" Complete Recorded works 1939- 1950 in Chronological Order." (The series thus does not include Yancey's recordings for Atlantic in 1951, just before his death.) The volume includes Yancey's recordings between February 1940 and December 1943.  It includes 19 tracks, 7 of which were unissued or unused versions of sides that were issued. Besides unissued tracks, the CD includes substantial duplication.  For example, it includes three versions of Yancey's "35th and Dearborn", and "How Long Blues" and two versions of "Yancey's Bugle Call", "Death Letter Blues", and "Jimmy's Rocks".  Some casual listeners might find this repetition excessive. But in Yancey's hands the repetition is magical. He never played a piece the same way twice. Yancey's musical pracitice involved endless variation and development of a small number of phrases and melodies.This CD offers the unusual opportunity to hear Yancey sing as well as play the piano. Yancey sings in a high yet gravelly tenor voice on 4 tracks, including two versions of "Death Letter Blues".  The most effective vocal track for me was "I love to hear my baby call my name", where Yancey floats his vocals over a subdued cool blues piano line. It is good to have these tracks even though they distract attention to a degree from Yancey's piano. Playing the piano while singing is a rare art, and Yancey integrates the roles well.Yancey frequently recorded with his wife Estelle "Mama" Yancey on vocals. This CD includes an outstanding collaboration between the two in a December, 1943 recording of "How Long Blues", featuring Yancey on the harmonium rather than the piano. The focus remains inevitably on the instrument, with Mama Yancey singing smoothly over Jimmy Yancey's quiet and embroidered phrasing.  The CD also includes two instrumental versions of "How Long Blues", one released and one unreleased which takes the tune at an unusually slow and draggy tempo.Pieces such as "35th and Dearborn" and "Yancey's Bugle Call" were original compositions and receive varied treatment here. Yancey also recorded songs that had been performed by others. An excellent example is "Boodlin'" which begins by featuring a slow repeating figure in the low register of the piano. Yancey includes a light, frilly phrase high in the piano, and the two contrasting registers and phrases are in turn alternated and brought together. Yancey also brings different themes and rhythms together in a similar track, an unreleased song called "Sweet Patootie".The two versions of "Jimmy's Rocks"  are stomping, lively boogie, as is the recording of "Old Quaker Blues" with its rhythmic chug-chug.  The opening track, "Bear Trap Blues" shows Yancey's slower more introspective way with the blues.The liner notes include a highly informed musical discussion of Yancey's music by Konrad Nowakowski. Listeners wanting to explore Yancey's artistry in detail will love this CD and its companion CDs on document.  I listened to Yancey's music in a spirit of playfulness and poetry and, perhaps, a sense of the sacred.Robin FriedmanThe quotation from Colapietro is included in an essay titled "Traditions of Innovation and Improvisation: Jazz as Metaphor, Philosophy as Jazz" included in a new book of essays devoted to the American philosopher Charles Peirce.The Normative Thought of Charles S. Peirce (American Philosophy, Fup)It is coincidence that I was reading the essay at the time I was rehearing Yancey. Associations work in odd ways.
This is my fourth cd of James Harman's blues and I have never been disappointed in his efforts. His voice is very expressive and funky. His choice of material always seems to fit his style perfectly. He's not afraid to lay back and give the other musicians plenty of room to express themselves. Very spare and simple. This guy is a tone monster on harp! Always inventive and tasty. Great effort!
wella wella baby-la  what a track! an the latin sound on kiss of fire  how many artists do cheeta baby?
This is one of the fine four studio albums that Snooks Eaglin released on the Black Top label between 1987 and 1995, during the sixth decade of his life. (b. 1936) Snooks offers a full view of a man, a player- frolicsome, thoughtful, exact and free, and, always, spirited. A tremendous player and singer, a true gem of American, particularly New Orleans, music. But his music, rooted in New Orleans, is a compendium of a large chunk of our music. Finding his music, given his relative obscurity, has been a robust fillip of luck and joy.
Bill Kirchen proves (again) that music can be moving, exciting, and fun.  In his case, the Telecaster-driven rockabilly truck-driving can be all three.  No matter what you're taste is, "Have Love, Will Travel" will find a place in your regular rotation and stay there.  The man who made Commander Cody's Lost Planet Airmen such a fine ensemble continues to delight -- dare I say uplift -- all of us with timeless tunes for a weary world.
BILL KIRCHEN "HAVE LOVE WILL TRAVEL"WILL TAKE YOU THERE(IF YOU WANTA GO!)THIS GUY WAS THE MOTOR BEHIND "HOT RODLINCOLN",THE SINGLE THAT SET THE BAR FORROAD SONGS WITH A HIPPIE-FRIED FLAVOR.I MEAN HIS LOW REGISTER TWANG GUITAR ISUNMATCHED(AKIN TO DUANE EDDY/JUNIOR BROWNBUT HIS SONGS ARE BETTER)I HEARD HIM ON"AMERICAN ROUTES" ON NPR , AND INSTANTLYSEARCHED HIS CATALOG 'TIL I FOUND THIS CD.I AM SO GLAD I BOUGHT IT !"WOMB TO THE TOMB",HAS GOT "THAT THANG HE DOES" DOWN TO A TEE !"HAVE LOVE WILL TRAVEL" IS A JEWEL THATHAS THAT BOUNCY ROCK DEAL FROM THE 50'sWITH A SENSE OF THE RIDICULOUS ABOUT IT."HIGH SNAKES IN DEEP WATER" IS A SPOOKYSONG , SWAMPY , BLUESY AND VERY WELLWRITTEN/PLAYED."RED CAJUN GIRL" SOUNDSLIKE A CLASSIC THAT WAS OVERLOOKED 'TIL NOW."I HEARD THE HIGHWAY" IS SO FREAKIN' GOODYOU'LL WANTA PLAY IT OVER AND OVER ! "THENITRO EXPRESS", (THE TALE OF THE EXPLODINGRUNAWAY TRUCK IN DANGER OF DESTROYING THELITTLE TOWN AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL)ISABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC !!!!HIS TWANGING TELE-CASTER REALLY SHINES ON THIS GEM."WHAT'STHE MATTER WITH THE MILL" AND "WHO'S THATWHO" ARE GREAT REMAKES, "SWING FEVER" ISREALLY TWISTED,STRAIGHT-UP SWANG-ROCK THAT'LLSUCK YOU IN FOLKS...ALL IN ALL THIS GUY ISEXTRAORDINARY (HE WAS THE GUITAR PLAYER INCOMMANDER CODY AND HIS LOST PLANET AIRMEN)BUT HE DID'NT STOP THERE...OH NO, BILLPRESSED ON WITH PALS LIKE NICK LOWE INTOUNKNOWN REALMS OF AMERICANA MUSIC. AT TIMESHE REMINDS ME OF THE GREAT DAVE ALVIN ANDDAVE DUDLEY COMBINED WITH THE TWANG ONLYA MASTER OF THE TELECASTER CAN DELIVER.I'LL BET IF YOU BUY THIS CD YOU'LL LOVE ,LOVE , LOVE IT (LIKE I DO) UNMATCHED IN HISFIELD AND HIS FIELD IS WIDE AND PLOWED DEEP !JAMES HARDIE MCGEHEE,(SINGER/SONGWRITER)
My 5th Bill Kirchen cd (not counting Cody or Twangbangers] yet to be unhappy.Gonna buy them all ASAP!!!! And the Cody ones also, yep.
Little Brother Montgomery was an extremely gifted pianist, too often overlooked and more versatile than the boogie boogie giants like Pete Johnson.  This album meets the usual high level of recording quality and performance that characterize Smithsonian products. Recommended - definitely the best Montgomery album currently available.
I first heard this artist on Sirius XM, decided to listen to a song or two.  Glad I did, bought this album, may buy more.
First heard this album in 1985 and it will forever remind me of SFB...  It's the nexus/crossroads/fusion of rock and roll, American blues, and British invaders.  There's no other album quite like it in terms of the mix of sounds, rhythms, and sonny boy's vocals and harp.  Don't know why it's no longer in print.  In Britain the album is entitled "Don't Send Me No Flowers," recorded in 1965.  Buy it.
i'm glad to find that this album has been reissued.  it was a favorite of mine in the 1960's and is as good as i remembered it.  gerlach was definitely one of the best 12 string guitar players.
This recording of The Great Rev. Gary Davis is one of his best! Captured at the peak of his Ragtime/Piedmont Blues/Gospel powers,the Reverend Vocals are strong,his guitar playing legendary. In my opinion,his guitar playing on this record is superior to Blind Boy Fuller and matches Blind Blake at his best! These recordings are mostly gospel hymns and well known spirituals given a Reverend Gary Davis reworking;plus some outstanding almost impossible to play pieces like "Marine band"  and "Civil War Parade" Ragtime pieces. Just incredible!
Studs Terkel interviews Sonny, Brownie, and Big Bill.  The collection Includes some good, off-the-cuff performances. Historically and musically satisfying!  Highly recommended for folk-blues fans.
best bluesman ever.  period.  listen to this and other titles, astonishing playing, harp, 12 and 6 string, piano.  all of it.  listen to it.  again and again
Prof Longhair is a new favorite of mine!  Love his style.  Wish I'd found him years ago!  His style is his own, and the piano is mesmerizing.
Love John Hammond. All Of his music is great and this one is no exception. Great Guitar and harmonica blues
Someone gave me a cassette copy of this LP years ago. I finally replaced that w/ this mp3 version. Sonny & Brownie are two of the best. Women,money,hard times,good times, they lay it down.
I lived in Texas in the 80's-90's when South Texas Blues had a HUGE underground following...and Randy is a master of the scene.  I love this abum and his body of work in general.  Anyone who loves the blues will love the completely different taste that is &#34;Texican&#34; blues...&#34;Tejano&#34; music.
Excellent.  It shows the greatness of the older style of bluesy-country music of the 20's.  In the style of the great black entertainers.
A great example of mostly straight blues harp! I never heard of these guys before and I am amazed at how talented they are.
This cd has been such a blessing these guys sound great together the new name of the group now is "FORTITUDE", their most recent Cd is just as good.
I was surprised and thrilled to learn of the existence of this concert. Blues fans the world over recognize Skip as one of the true masters of the country blues. I enjoyed listening to his recordings for Paramount on re-issue albums. What a wizard of the the guitar! What a haunting voice. Then, I bought the albums recorded and released after his re- discovery. Of course I would highly recommend those collections. But here we have Skip in a concert session and we not only hear the music, but hear his conversation with the audience. Wonderful stuff not only because of the music, but because I was about 2 rows back from the stage that night. I can even hear myself laugh at one of Skip's comments. I loved it then and I love it now. What a privilege to have seen him in person. As I recall, it was among his last concerts.
Boogie Woogie has great sound quality and a good selection of the 40's Boogie Woogie songs.Now this is the type of music a person can really &#34;rock out to&#34;...
I am a big Blues fan.  I love many styles of the blues.  I have played the blues for many years myself.  As a player, and a follower of many styles of Blues, I have always found Kid Ramos so refreshing.  He is not one to follow the crowd.  He plays some great swing/blues.  If you enjoy Clarence &#34;Gatemouth&#34; Brown, then you will love Kid Ramos. He has this mix of 50s era swing to his blues.  You can listen to it, or dance to it.  Furthermore, if you enjoy Charlie Baty, formerly of &#34;Little Charlie and the night cats&#34;, I think that you would enjoy Kid Ramos.  Some may be aware that Mr. Ramos took over guitar duties for Jimmie Vaughn, when he left the &#34;Fabulous Thunderbirds&#34;, but his solo work on this album certainly goes in a different direction from those days. If you are a big blues fan, open to fine guitar playing, and great guest vocals, then give this one a spin.
this is a great album but I have come to expect nothing less from Big Mama Thornton every album I have heard from here is awesome and this is no exception do yourself a favor and go get this album you will not be dissapointed
it's really a shame that, from my observation, people under 45 seem to have completely lost any contact with the recent past (40s, 50s). it's just a bunch of stuff that happened in the old, pre-digital, black and white days. when i grew up (i'm 60) it was in the shadow of both world wars and the depression. people over 50 had memories of WWI, people under were IN WWII, they all grew up without TV and sometimes without phones and indoor plumbing. WHAT"S THIS GOT TO DO WITH THE ALBUM??????? simmer down junior. this album is the closest you're going to get to where the blues came from with the possible exception of Robert Johnson (great but a very short career) or Son House, etc. Hooker was a true original, the definition of 'unique'. unschooled, passionate, heartfelt, willing to just take that guitar and sit down and create a mood with a story. put this on late at night when it's quiet and shut up and listen and tell me you don't feel the past echoing up into your heart.
Heard about this album when during a conversation someone mentiioned that my brother had played drums for Larry Garner and for Susan Owens. I had never heard him play before - Floyd Saizon - so I previewed these 2 albums and fell in love with the music. Growing up in Louisiana jazz was on every turn. It is something that once you hear and experience you either fall in love or you hate it. Seems to be no inbetween. I fell in love.
excellent music throughout the collection of Mr. Garner.Some of the best blues.Sample all and download many of the excellent tracks here.I strongly recommend.
John makes you feel like you are a part of him when he is singing. Laughing,crying or just plain lovin' it.
The album is entirely instrumental with the possible exception of &#34;Ouargla,&#34; named for a city in Saharan East Central Algeria. This track begins with off-mike remarks and a humorous vocal outburst. Beautifully alive with musical portraits of his wife Christina and daughter Nathalie, vibrant with colorful sketches of Parisian nightspots and fancy cars, Memphis Slim's richly rewarding Boogie Woogie album stands with the very best in his entire recorded legacy, and belongs among the greatest achievements ever realized in this genre. Review by arwulf arwulf
this is a killer cd if you love the blues. Came across this band by accident but it's no accident that I have almost all their recordings. Wanted this as a hard copy but had to settle for the mp3 download. well worth it!
Great music from an underated band. The guitar work is excellent. Especially liked Justine and Rise Above it. A very tight band
The Buddaheads are a progressive blues-rock band fronted by singer songwriterALAN(BB Chung King) MIRIKITANI considered to be one of the best guitar player singers in all of southern California. I just recently got turned on to this band and was really impressed after the first listen to this CD."This 2000 release is a very strong collection of BB originals which are primarily Texas blues/rock in flavor without actually being a copy of anyone else's particular style. BB is an excellent song writer, powerful guitarist, and gifted vocalist making this another of those CDs that are captivating from start to finish."The Band:Alan (a.k.a. BB Chung King) Mirikitani...Guitars, Vocals, PercussionJoey(The Bricklayer) Pafumi...Drums, PercussionBoyd Lafan...Bass GuitarI read...BB's comments"BURBANK - Guitarist/Singer Alan Mirikitani realized that he wanted to pursue a career in music after playing an eighth-grade dance with his first band while in junior high school in his hometown of Downey."After we got done, some girls came and sat in our laps," he said. "I thought, wow, this is really cool. I like this."Even though B.B. Chung King is Chinese and not Japanese, the name hung on Mirikitani by a friend, in reference to his hero, B.B. King, has stuck throughout the years, and he's comfortable with it. As for the band name, there is a legacy behind it."Buddah Head was always a derogatory term for Asians," the guitarist said, "but it was also the highest-decorated infantry unit in World War II composed of Japanese Americans who wanted to prove their loyalty to their country. We've taken it on as sort of a personal underdog theme and today we're trying to break down the term, and break down walls.""After all," he said with a laugh, "the guys in the band are white, but as far as I'm concerned, we're all Buddaheads.""BB keeps quite busy with the Buddaheads, but also finds time to write, record and produce music for other artists. BB has written songs for blues legends such as Lonnie Brooks, Tinsley Ellis and recently helped Ruth Brown receive a Grammy for her performance of his song "Too Little, Too Late". Then he produced, wrote, engineered and played on B.J. Sharp's Grammy nominated CD "Never Felt No Blues". Her CD reached number 4 in the charts in Europe, without being issued there!"This CD is crammed with rockin' blues and power packed ballads. The aroma is all blues with a taste of ZZtop, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Davy Knowles & Robin Trower influences among others but as mentioned before in their own style.These guys are worth a listen.
I got this album because I wanted one song on it from The Generals Daughter movie.I awas happy to find out the rest of the songs were great too.
If nothing else, check out "I've got a feelin"You won't be disapointed
I think track 8 is mislabeled. The label has it as Valse de Bombache, but it is not at all the same song as the Balfa Brothers' Valse du Bambocheur, hence not a duplicate cut. The correct title for this song done by Pitre is Valse de Orphelin, I am pretty sure.Austin Pitre's singing on this collection is great! I prefer this ragged but right sounding version of Les Flammes d'Enfer to the one on his Swallow 45, which is available on Austin Pitre: Early Essential Cajun Recordings. It's loose but in a good way! The scorcher, though, is Track 8! It's Pitre on fiddle with a wailing drummer, bass, and electric rhythm guitar. Interesting, too, are Pitre's remarks to the dancehall crowd asking them, in French, not to make any requests because they are recording for a man from Massachusetts and a man from New York, presumably Ralph Rinzler who recorded this and other field work following the 1964 appearance of Cajun musicians at the Newport Folk Festival.The Edius Naquin pieces are all historic, some going back to colonial days! La Ville de Monteau, for example, is about Napoleon Bonaparte being mocked by brave French soldiers garrisoned in Louisiana. This was before the Louisiana Purchase.The Valse de Platains sung by Rodney Balfa was recorded pre-World War II by Happy Fats, who was a popular source of yet another beloved Balfa tune, Les Veuves de la Coulee.The sound quality is quite good for mid-60s field recordings, and the songs are a lot of fun. Highly recommended, as is Volume 2 featuring Bois-Sec Ardoin, Canray Fontenot, Isom Fontenot, Aubrey Deville, and Adam and Cyprien Landreneau!Volume 2 begins with the black Creole French sounds of Bois-Sec Ardoin on accordion and Canray Fontenot on fiddle. Very bluesy sounding! We are lucky to have these recordings. They recorded in 1966 for Dick Spottswood's Melodeon label, Blues du Bayou, which was later re-released by Arhoolie Records as La Musique Creole. Here Canray sings Bon Soir Moreau (not Hack a 'Tit Moreau, which is a different tune) and a bluesy Jug au Plombeau about the life of a vagabond. Bois-Sec does Eunice Two Step and Quoi Faire, standards originally recorded by his cousin Am&eacute;d&eacute; Ardoin in the 1930s.Isom Fontenot, a marvelous harmonica player, is featured on La Betaille dans l'Arbre, accompanied by Aubrey Deville on fiddle and Preston Manuel on guitar. Some few more of Isom's tunes can be found on Arhoolie's Folksongs of the Louisiana Acadians. Then Deville and Manuel are featured on a jaunty little tune, Le Vieux Bouef et le Vieux Chariot.The rest of the songs are by Adam Landreneau on fiddle and Cyprien Landreneau on accordion, with Dewey Balfa on triangle. You catch a little bit of talk after the first song, Rosalie, explaining that it's an old, old song Adam learned from Louis Lafleur. The emotional highlight of the album, for me, is the sorrowful tune Les Pini&eacute;res, sung high and loud by Adam. This is hard hitting stuff!Adam and Cyprien Landreneau appear on Arhoolie's Cajun Fais Do Do and Swallow's Cajun Sole, but Rinzler caught them at their strongest and best on these recordings! The set ends with a couple of more lighthearted songs, Treville n'est Pas Pecheur, and Danse de Limonade, a comical song in which the singer lets us know that he got drunk last night so today he's asking for a glass of lemonade (or a dose of cure it all tonic Kary-On!)Bois Sec and Canray played in many dancehalls but the music of the other musicians was played in old house dances and veill&eacute;es and social parties. It's social music from a time when people had to entertain themselves, what Dick Spottswood calls pre-industrial, obsolete music. Well, it can hardly be obsolete if it gets across the dignity of the culture in such a compelling manner! This set of 2 albums are on my list of essentials. I would not want to be stranded on an island without them!
A great musican and singer whose songs are still sung by many a bluegrass artist.  He had a great delivery and a style which will be copied for generations to come.
I don't believe you will find a more beautiful and evocative rendition of the old ballad 'The Golden Vanity'. Finally, after hearing this rendition during the 1980s, I have determined who the performer is and where to get more of her music. I look forward to getting a copy of 'Rhinestones & Steel Stings'.
I am teaching myself to play both guitar and keyboard so I needed a set of backing tracks that could cover both.  TUBJ does just that.  The album contains a good variety of blues standards in different tempos and keys.  Each track has  both guitar and piano rhythms that are easy to follow with plenty of space to improvise.  One of the best features of this particular album is the balance control feature which allows you to pan left or right thereby Isolating either the piano rhythm or the guitar rhythm.  I found this feature to be very useful.  I looked at dozens of backing tracks and found TUBJ to be a great source of blues music  to practice by.
It has fuller instrumental tracks than most jam tracks. Particularly liked including a piano  and that you can modulate tracks to suit your instrument that you're playing along with
Great CD  Love the bass work on it. It is hard to top beach music tunes or groups. It is a genre of music all it own. Love it!!
Duckman's problems with Kelly's '06 CD just seem to be the duck/rabbit thing.  It is a matter of perspective.  I have always thought of him as much as a high quality esoteric poet as a guitar master.  Kelly is at the Aquarium in Fargo tonight, and I ought to get going.  Hope the smoke doesn't kill us.
I haven't given out a five-star rating in a while (ground-breaking), but Hacksaw Harney deserves one.  This is a country blues player's dream.  Harney, while a delta native, shows his versatility and great skill on east coast sounding material (Ragtime Blues, Home Skeen Blues) and delta-style material.See the other review of this album for more info about Harney.  He didn't record much and any of his early work appears to be lost.There is only one vocal (he was a weak vocalist.  Roy Bookbinder says he had a speech impediment).  This makes it harder to identify with and relate to the person (listen to and compare with Bill Broonzy's work.  You'll notice some similarities in style, but Broonzy's star status rings through on his vocals).If you want to hear some great, old-style country blues guitar work, this deserves a listen.  Hats off to Hacksaw, Adelphi records, modern technology (the original recordings had a buzz that made them unlistenable), and whoever cleaned up the tapes and released this.
He's a master of his instrument and no doubt one of the masters of his era.  It's just too bad that he never received the exposure to a larger audience and got the acclaim he deserved.
Great sound quality with Paul Butterfield on top of his game ! Once released as a double album, it has been very hard to find. Been looking for this for a long time!
Saw Butter several times, remember some, and always left in a cathartic state. This MP3 version with unreleased gems is a must for any fan. Have listened to this version of Driftin' and Driftin' hundreds of times during the past 40 years and still go back to it for the joy of listening to the master at work.
I heard this lineup in 1969 when they performed at the New York State Pavilion in Queens. I was a big fan (maybe the only fan) of Keep on Movin' and was sorry that Buzzy Feiten, who was with the band earlier in the summer, had been replaced by Ralph Walsh. But listening to the record now, with the added tracks, I realize that Walsh was never trying to be a Clapton style guitarist. He was a little more like a jazz guitarist who could play blues and r and b. His jazzier playing fit well with the rhythm section, especially with Butterfield playing over it. OK, this record isn't East-West, but I never saw that lineup live. I saw this one from 69-70 and when I listen now to that band, with Feiten and then Walsh, I realize how good it was, especially if you put it up against a lot of the white blues rock of the time, like The Blues Project and Ten Years After--stuff that I liked at the time but couldn't listen to now.
After listening to this recording I can honestly say that  this is the real deal !! There are several recordings of Butterfield,  but this one is  among the best I have heard
A short lived force for New Orleans r&b in the 60's. A lot of his songs were covered and made popular by other artists. But I would not say they were better than his original versions.
This has become one of my favorite recent purchases. This is a lot of blues for under $8 (price as of April 2010).My main interest in this album was Red's New Dream; a hilarious tongue-and-check critique of the Internal Revenue Service. If you have never heard this song about the tax man, you need too!While the version on this album is exactly what I wanted, I've found myself enjoying the other cuts more than I expected. Red's version of The Same Thing is solid and he demonstrates his versatility on Freight Train to Ride and Louisiana Blues.In sum, this is blues.
The independent sound this album has to offer may lead many music lovers to turn the other cheek. However, if you're a fan of electronica-inspired rhythms like LCD SoundSystem, then you must own this album. Let this be the legacy of a man who left us all too soon.
5 stars for some very fine tuba playing. And the band has a nice groove. Good, fun &#34;roots music&#34; and blues.
You will probably think the title of this review is an overstatement,  but once you hear the music you'll change your mind.  BB King said "Little Buster is the only one who can fill my shoes."  Buster does things with his voice that most recognized greats only wish they could do, and his guitar playing is at once biting and subtle.  I've seen Buster live and this recording captures the excitement that he generated every time.  There are shades of BB King's classic "Live At The Regal".  Do yourself a favor.  Download this music and get Busterized!
The Best Of Lee Oskar Volume 1,2 Disc Set plus a DVD,Great Music.Great Songs!DVD contains a awesome Harmonic System Concert! This Set still Exist! Ay~Totally The best Of Lee Oskar!You will not find this 2 Disc/DVD Set, No where in stores or online.The Best of Lee Oskar Volume 1,2 Disc/DVD Set 1,000 Signed Limited Edition 2006 Lee Oskar Production comes in a hard case still wrapped in original package, Wow!I purchased No.291/1000.They exist in a small quantity.I found out about the secret through a friend who was lucky to know the seller on eBay:)Cool!! I LOVE MY TREASURE!I have listen to it all weekend.I've watched the DVD three times!.Lee Oskar is awesome!
This is the Aqua Velvets at their best, very tasty stuff.  I don't know where Amazon got the explicit tag on this, see what appears to be the same album in downloads and the audio CD version without it.  Perfectly fine for your kids to go "twistin' by the pool".
This is Pool Party music the Aqua Velvets way. Upbeat, grrooovy,  backflipping good fun!!  Shred Ready Betty is a beach boys spoof that is hilarious!  Bamboo Torches is classis AV mysterioso surf mambo at its best, Out of the Sand, into the Swing..is The Ventures meets Benny Goodman, youve got to hear this!  Highly reccommended if you need a break from this crazy world. Everybody in the Pool!!
Kahunabud is on the mark - this album is a blast.  It sounds like a pool party, as intended.  Its the Aqua Velvets having fun.  Get it.
I love this music. I had Six String Conspiracy on vinyl 25 years ago and have missed listening to it in recent years. Rick is an amazing player and these tunes are so inventive and beautifully melodic. Stands the test of time!
Twenty years from now guys will be sittin' around the bar at some Irish Pub singin' these songs.  The artist delivers some real life stories here and he makes you experience them.  Some boogie, some blues, some you're gonna need your best dancin shoes.I heard he is releasing a new CD in Feb 08 so keep you eyes open for that one too.
I say this about each of their albums: Martian Acres is a fun, engrossing, energetic, sobering, and eclectic listen. There is no one genre on these albums - the tracks run from gospel to rock to folk to country and even a Jamaican beat or two - but each track stands on its own as unique and flavorful.The "From Waltz to War" album continues the expansion of the "alt-Boulder" genre, which is - simply - pretty much whatever Bob Story and Dennis Wanebo want to test out next. The track "War (We've All Been Here Before") was one of the most popular downloads, overall, in Australia last year and it's easy to see why: when was the last time you heard a clarinet in a rock band? There's a video of "War" on the Internet, but you may have to search around for it - but, it's worth locating.They advertise themselves on their Web site [..]as "alt-Boulder" music. They're referring to Boulder, Colorado where they have a substantial following...with good reason. Listening to Martian Acres is like reading a "Best of..." anthology: you get an array of different stories, each unique.
This album is basic blues at it's best with a positive message. It's good to hear an album that doesn't make you blue.
It is an adult album, but it has a different spin on the holidays.i love the music and tempo. Love it.
John Sheehan is a precious New Jersey/New York secret who should be outed to the world. A master guitar player, master musician, and wonderful entertainer. If you love fingerstyle guitar, you should not miss Sheehan's artistry!
Was searching out internet model train layouts, and heard this great blues background song. and replayed it a number of times,and thanks to the credits after the video, saw who recorded this, and was more than pleased to see it on Amazon Music where I could download it. I'm sure you'll more than agree if you like blues music at all.....
It would do Americans good if they listened to music from north of the border.  A case in point is Schuld and Stamer with Long John Baldry and Chris Nordquist on You Got The Bread...We Got The Jam.  Recorded live in the studio this album gives the listener 100% pure country blues with no filler.  From the opening notes of Voodoo Music through the last notes of Dark Was The Night you will be taken on a musical journey that never disappoints.  If real music is what you enjoy then give this release a listen and let others listen to the overdubbed music of the day.
I've seen GKO perform a couple of times and it is a great show. This is a great album, loaded with some of my favorites, such as Minnie the Moocher, 'Ole Black Magic, and The A-Train. I highly recommend it.
Great harp work on some nice old blues classics.  Jim Liban is one of the best ever blues harmonica players.
I've been listening to Harry since the late 80s when he used to come hang out with Lake's Crossing Muzzleloaders.  His music was great then, and it's great now.
This is a must buy for Rag time fans Get it while it's hot and play it when you are feeling down and out
you can go to CDBABY and REVERBNATION for FREE song downloads of some of  Doug Voice songs.....Singer Songwriter
Lovejoy died in 2001,but he sang the soul of the 60's and70's. He was the big,powerful soul/gospel from that era. He died much to soon and never got the airplay of the pop/rock croseover artist of today. He stayed close to his roots and did not compromise his style.
Father & son make each &#34;COVER&#34; into their own. If you love electric blues guitar. you need this. I'll be buying everything else these guys have out or will bring out in the future !!!!!!!
If you like Walter, Cotton, Horton, then this is for you. No campfire harp here but there's plenty of fire in Bill's playing. He has great depth and understanding, is the real deal, and flat out delivers great blues harp. A must have.
The first time I heard Ron Thompson play was in 1982. It was at the Harmonica Summit in San Rafael, California. Ron Thompson and the Resisters opened for Norton Buffalo, and Paul Butterfield. I think Ron Thompson was backing up James Cotton. Its been 30 plus years and I am sure it was James Cotton. What I remember was Ron had a three piece band. He played slide guitar and there was a bass and a drummer.I was new to the slide guitar style and he blew me and my friend away. He took this style of playing to a new level. He played soulful, not a bad tune in the set. The singing and all. He could have just played the whole night. I heard him a few more times around the bay area and he always played great. I found him on Amazon and I had to get this album. Not only does Ron play a very old metal resonator guitar, he also plays some tasty piano, and mandolin as well. He toured with John Lee Hooker for awhile too. He has played at every major Blues Festival you can think of. Check out the samples. This is some great music.
I found this album while looking for cuts by an old acquaintance, guitarist Klaus Lendzian.  (Klaus is a master guitarist from Seattle who rarely records.)  I was going to buy only the five cuts that included Klaus until I listened to the other tunes.  I was blown away.  Just listen and I am sure you will be surprised.  What a hidden gem this is.  I presume it was recorded at the Lopez Islander Resort on Fisherman Bay in the San Juan Islands.  I don't know the other musicians in this group, but they must be excellent jazz artists because the quality of the music is amazing.P.S. I just received "Brighter Colors", the only CD I could find recorded by Klaus Lendzian and it has this additional info about this jazz album in which he also participated.  Apparently it was released in 1996 and was, indeed, recorded at the Lopez Islander Resort. The artists in the group, including the Overton Berry Trio, are:Bob Beerman - BassOverton Berry - PianoArt Foxall - Tenor Sax & VocalsKlaus Lendzian - Electric Steel-String & Nylon-String GuitarsLuis Peralto - Drums & PercussionI suspect Overton Berry might be related to Halle Berry, possibly a brother? [...]Gordon NewSeattle
I never knew there was an Elmore James Jr. until I saw a teaser for this album, and I'm a long-time Elmore James (Sr.) fan. I did a little "background check" on Jr. here and this guy has apparently had a thriving career in the Chicago club scene for over forty years! This album proves that he is indeed a blues master, and he wisely avoids trying to be a clone of his father, despite his taking on the legend's name (Elmore James Jr. is not his real name). He is a great singing and guitar talent in his own right. The man is nearly 70 years old, but it sounds like he has plenty of life left in him! Go Elmore Jr! I encourage every blues fan out there to try to catch him in concert, if possible. Reading his bio, I get the impression that he has not had the best of luck career-wise, and it would be great if he could get some widespread recognition before his career ends--although if he's like B.B. King, he will keep playing until he drops, which is what we hope for!Highly recommended CD. Every song is a winner--especially the funked out version of Tore Down--it cooks!  His singing is maybe a little like Elmore Sr.'s, but overall he has his own style--great stuff! I don't know if it's him or a sideman taking all the guitar solos, but the guitar playing is dynamite! I'm sure the slide stuff is him. BUY THIS NOW, and support the son of a legend!
You know when your hooked on a "nice feel". This is it. There's a lot of Country music albums out there and there's a lot of blues albums too - and i love em cause i love Roots music. Kevin mixes them both up into a concoction that is simply "groovy and grooving". The music is smooth and flows right over you - the songs are mellow and moving. It's well produced music that is not over produced either. To think that I am writing the first review is a phenomenal thought in my mind and that it's 7 years since it was released. There are a lot of commercial artists that would just love to get to this level of craft. You can't fake this stuff - this guy has it in his bones. I would not hesitate getting this. What's my recommendation? Well - buy this CD's, put it into your car and go on a road trip.
It's easy to listen to the blues when you got an album like this. Highly recommend and glad I stumbled on to this. It can be toughto find something fresh that still pays its dues to blues roots. Great blues voice, great blues rifs, great lyrics that are sometimes comical but most times delivers that nostalgic state of mind that makes the genre so fantastic to listen to . Again, I highly recommend the purchase.
I got the MP3 files of 6V6's album Tube Rejuvenator some time ago.  I thoroughly enjoyed every song except for one, and even that track was still okay.  That's pretty darn good in my book.  Russell Miller is a great blues guitarist, and his vocals work well with the band's laid-back, jazzy style.  The sound quality wasn't the best I've ever heard - frankly, it sounds like they recorded it in someone's basement - but that just adds to the overall feel of the thing.When I came across the album Original Blues on Amazon, I noticed some of the songs were new to me, but some I already had from Tube Rejuvenator.  So be aware if you already have Tube Rejuvenator.  Just download the tracks you don't already have.  But if you don't have the other album, get 'em all, and enjoy!
Excellent album - great songs, stellar playing, good mix of styles.  Some SRV & BB King influences show through, and lots of Albert Collins.  I used to see Rob Noll live in the 90's, and I'm glad he's still out there doing his thing.  Rob was pretty indistinguishable from SRV when he covered one of his songs!
Last night I was watching a you tube video on how to use a scroll saw. The video wasn't that great but the song Aberdeen was playing in the background.  After a few minutes I had to stop watching the video, go straight here and get the album.  I've listened to it 4 times since.  It gives me shivers every time I start it up.  I just bought his other album, Moan.
I heard them many times at the Bamboo Hut in the 1960's. I think I had the record long ago.
I inadvertently ran into a sample clip of Kevin Krieg's music on Amazon many years ago; tried to find it in Pandora but it wasn't there so I returned to Amazon to buy his MP3 album because I could not forget his amazing voice and mellow style.The voice commercials are really cool!  Great work.  You obviously have a genuine gift and I appreciate your talent.
Traditional blues at its best. I recommend highly. When they come to town, you gotta go see them! 'nuf said!
Bonnie Riatt's got nothing on this girl. She's got it all; voice, lyrics and musicianship. Most danceable! Check it out.
If there were any justice Tom Hook would be as famous as Billy Joel. Also see his Riverman album for a unique, quthentic look at life of the river. He was there, I worked with him on paddle wheelers for 20 years. he far longer.
I just happen to stumble across this new artist in my recommends and purchased the whole album. Great guitarist, reminds me of Johnny Winter in the days of And in the early 70s voice and all.Some covers here that are done great and the originals are as good if not better. Great backing bass player and drummer. Hope to hear more of the same in the future from Sean Chambers & company.
Janiva Magness is a new discovery for me and I am just loving her.  In a small way she reminds me a bit of Rory Block and that is a compliment.  This was the first cd I heard and of course I had to read her story.  If you have a chance google her, her story is amazing and inspiring this lady has lived through hell and back again and I figure that if anyone knows the blues she does.  The lady is a gift.  I can't wait to see her perform.
I have a soft spot for female vocalists starting with Lena Horn and working to recent times. Every now and then I hear a new voice and suddenly my collection seems inadequate and this is what has happened with Janiva Magress. There's a little bit of Bonnie Raitt, but just enough to let you know it's going to be fine. She has her own voice, don't get me wrong but she and Bonnie and Maria Muldaur and Tracy Nelson could sing as a group and the interweavings of the voices would leave you breathless. She's great, an excellent addition to your collection, to your MP3 player and totally appropriate for your cloud.
5 stars for Peter Calandra's Sunrise Over New York album.  I first heard track 6 &#34;The Montauket&#34; on Pandora, and instantly fell in love with it.  Its so relaxing, and well composed, and for some reason the music really does have a &#34;New Yorkish&#34; sound to it - I'm not sure how Calandra manages to capture the essence.  The whole album is wonderful, its just a shame Peter Calandra doesn't appear to do any live tours or events, I would love to see him live.
Bob Fox was a writer and bluesman from Brooklyn having moved to Ohio's Appalachia. His guitar and piano just fly off those strings. His voice has that rich character that marks it as authentic. He's also a storyteller in these songs, and whether it's happy or sad is up to you to decide. He just sings, what he was meant to do.
Like his other works a strong blues/rockin cd I really like Van the man.As usual a strong blues rockin cd
Great Music..................love listening to Van Wilks. Amazing musician from Brownwood, TX................keep the music going all over the country Van and band.
The album is great.  I'm so happy to have found it.  Highly recommend.  The lyrics are both insightful and inspirational and I cannot get many of the tracks out of my head!
I didn't know Code Blue from Adam And Eve so I took a chance and I found out the album was geat blues.  Bobbie can really belt one out.  And the band is great also.  There are a few gems in their but overall the whole is good.  I keep going back and listening  I'm glad I'm not a one eyed man!!!
Wonderful, Positive, Progressive Music.  I saw Jami Lula at my church last week and immediately ordered this album and others.
Eleven some odd years ago, our friend Randall began his musical journey. It takes a lot of courage to take your dreams and turn them into reality. He took all of these memories and experiences and crafted a story that keeps your toes tappin. "Randall's Acoustic Journey" is a snapshot of many years of travel, hope, love and enjoying the simple things in life. As many of you know, Randall is quite the storyteller. This is a collection of some of his finest yarns, set to a background of sweet original melodies. If you're heading out on the wide open road, this CD is a must have!
Marianne's music is simply beautiful. She has a lovely voice and fun lyrics. I love "I Still Do." I was thrilled when I found this on Amazon. :)
I really loved you song "Keep Old Glory New." I found a review by blogger Heath Andrews that sums the song up perfectly!"On this rollicking dedication to the American Flag, David Cousino leads his group through a powerhouse performance, packed with exceptional musicianship.  With a perfect mixture of country and pop elements, "Keep Old Glory New" is remarkably catchy and sports some dazzling violin and guitar playing.  The vocal arrangement is fantastic, with harmonies filling out the sound even more and giving it an extra hook.  In addition, Cousino's lyric is refreshingly apolitical, seeking only to remind people to have reverence for what the American Flag represents. "
love his music smooth jazz is no#1 in my book of jazz looking forward to his next cd.will buy it.
Kim is fresh, sings with her passions worn proudly. I enjoy Kim's music anytime. This and all Kim's music runs through my sole. I always feel great when hearing her sing.
This is an amazing disc from a little know psychedelic / trance band from, of all places, San Antonio Texas.  I was fortunate enough to see them play live over the course of 2 years before they went their seperate ways, and this is a complilation of some of their best shows.  Even thought the tracks are from 4 different shows, they are all seamlessly rolled into one sonic journey. The price for the disc in download format is absurdly inexpensive and worth many times more.  Highly recommended.
All guitar instrumental.Very nice style variety. The recordings are clear and precise. This CD is easy on the ears. Love this CD
Helen Humes is one of my top favorites and this album is packed with &#34;joint jumpin'&#34; fun! All tracks are clear and wonderful, and her lyrics often make me chuckle, they're just so good. If you are not familiar with her music, start with this album and you won't be disappointed! If you are already a fan, then this album needs to be in your collection.
I wanted the alligator release of this because I liked the cover art better and the name of the cd a little better but this was a steal of a deal from amazon digital. everytime I listen to another one of this mans cds I wonder why more people do not talk about him or mention him when they are talking about the great electric blues guitarists. this cd does not disappoint and I will be looking to add more of his work to my collection
I first learned of Toby Walker from a free blues video guitar lesson posted in conjunction with Acoustic Guitar magazine. I liked his playing enough for me to check out some of his albums, and ended up buying this one from Amazon. I love live performance recordings, and this one is superb! I love the stories and song introductions as well as his singing & playing. There's a slightly adult-theme to some of the songs (Cat Man Blues and the song about the woman selling cookies) but the songs are only suggestive with no explicit vulgarities. I think my favorite on this album is the up-to-date version of Frankie & Johnny.If you love folk/blues played acoustically (like me), you'll love this album! I can highly recommend it.
This is a fine collection of Hector Qirko's original songs, written and performed in a traditional American roots style. The vocals are laid back and mellow, the instrumentals lyrical and engaging. The production is excellent, providing a clarity and immediacy that make you feel like the band is sitting around the fireplace in your own living room. Highly recommended!
I never heard of the guy but I read a review of OLD SCHOOL in the blues mag and decided to check it out. I couldn't find it at the time but saw this one and checked it out instead. And I'm saying, this one isn't blues but it's big wow really good stuff. It's about as unpretentious as can be. Qirko wrote, or co-wrote all songs but one, that by Johnny Cash. But most of these songs sound like I have heard them before, like familiar old friends. No way I could have heard them of course. I Googled and Wikied him and I can't find any musical connection for him that I've ever heard of either. Chances are, if you're here reading this you're already into what you sampled and don't need this review to help sell the CD, but I just had to give him his due here. Simply a beautiful recording from beginning to end. Note there is no drum throughout and I never missed any. It doesn't need it. It just doesn't get any better than this. Don't dilly around, especially at this bargain price today. BUY IT NOW !!!
If you like the blues then Lloyd Jones Struggle is your band.  They got funk, soul, and great horns.  Once you hear these songs you are hooked.  Lloyd is very talented on the guitar and can really be deep.  The Struggle really backs Lloyd and they get their groove going.
randy and the band are great especially RANDY - mike MUSIC IS MY THING AND IF ITS YOURS GET THIS AND ALL THE REST OF HIS CD'S
Whoever this Guitar Jack is, he can play the heck out of the guitar. This record in particular just rocks from start to finish and is very, very tasteful throughout. He can shuffle, slow grind and play longer more introspective numbers and they are all here on this release. The guy ought to be more of a household name, he's really that wonderful as a guitarist and arranger. Great complimentary musicians, a real valuable record for blues lovers.Nice job Jack, whoever you are.
He writes,he sings , and he jams them blues ! This guy is the real deal if you like the blues !
I just saw Audra McDonald play Billie Holiday in &#34;Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill&#34;.  Listening to this recording, I am in even more awe of the talents of Audra McDonald and how she captured the glorious essence of the one and only Billie Holiday.
Calling anything "the very best" is hyperbole, but I have to admit that whoever selected the tracks for this compilation knew my tastes pretty well. In truth, the inclusion of the Fine and Mellow rendition from the December 8, 1957 broadcast on CBS' The Sound of Jazz is what grabbed me. I've always been moved by that performance, especially when Lester Young comes in with his solo.Setting aside my personal love of that track, I do not think I'll get much argument saying that the songs on every other track represent her best material.  Many are live performances and broadcasts, so the quality is going to be uneven/ Therefore don't expect to hear each song performed they way it was during, for example, her mid-30s sessions produced by John Hammond.For the hard core fan this album is a treasure. It would even serve as a great introduction to Billie, but I think that there are better albums with better performances for that. Or perhaps I am being too elitist because in honesty my introduction to her music was with a lot of the exact performances that are in this album. Flip a coin.  Seriously, there is a lot of great music on this album and I cannot imagine anyone not loving it. As for the "Very Best Of" title, I'll leave that for you to decide.
This album contains the following songs:01 Arthur Pryors Band - A Cyclone In Darktown02 Arthur Pryors - Band - Frozen Bill03 Arthur Pryors Band - Ramshackle Rag04 Arthur Pryors Band - That Flying Rag05 Columbia Orchestra - Rainbow Medley06 Conways Band - It's A Bird07 Conways Band - Ragging the Scale08 Edison Military Band - Hungarian Rag - One-Step09 Europe's Society Orchestra - Castle House Rag10 Fred Van Eps - Red Pepper -A Spicy Rag11 Fred Van Eps - Dixie Medley12 Fred Van Eps - My Sumurun Girl + Medley13 Fred Van Eps - Pearl of the Harem14 Fred Van Eps - Whipped Cream15 Fred Van Eps - A Rag Time Episode16 Fred Van Eps - Rag Pickings17 Fred Van Eps - Silver Heels18 Sousa's Band - Chinese Blues19 Vess L. Ossman - Buffalo Rag
Liz is one of the best musician/songwriters I have ever heard!  I never get tired of this album, or going to her shows!
Perhaps one of the best performances that goes unseen.  These guys know blues music and have a great sound!  Anyone who likes blues music should check this band out and see them in person.
Great Singer of the blues, this CD is a house rocking good time. I want to thank Joe Louis Walker and his band for turning me on to Katherine Davis as they are all on tour in Turkey right now.
Catchy disc with some nice tunes.There are a few of these that shouldhave made it to number one.Pain as Big as Texas - need yousay more?  The biggest statein CONUS and if your pain isthis BIG you must have reallygotten hosed over.Heal your pain with this tune.This is a GREAT song....If you are going to buy one songfrom these guys, this is it!E N J O Y
I liked this CD when I first heard it. But the more I listen to it the more I love it. I hear a little more, something new, something deeper every time I listen to it.  It's fabulous!
Amazing voice, powerful lyrics, great music, and songs you can actually sing along with -- what more could you ask?  I bought this twice!
For any newcomer or longtime fan this album will not dissappoint. A great cross of Kings super hits and lesser known songs both vocal and instrumental.
A great album of the King. Recorded in Japan, if I read things right. It is well done and contains some songs that I had not heard before. Nice to hear B.B. playing more than just a couple of notes at a time."The cost to be the boss" is a fave for sure. Nice album, in great conditon, no warps of runout. Recording is indicative of the style and equipment in use at that time. This is a good buy,, check it, it's a good thing!
Leah has a great voice, love the blues and she signs it well!  Better than Debbie Davies who I really enjoy. Debbie has some serious competition.
...I ever created.  It was the result of about ten years of cumulative work that exploded all at once in a major burst of creativity.  This, like all my CDs, is an independent venture; I created the music.  I performed it.  I produced it, and wanted do it to mimic the live experience of being right there in the moment with the music being created.I hope you enjoy listening to the sound clips.  This work was a treasure for me to develop.
Of all the Bigg Robb CDs, this one is the best. My mom and the younger kids both enjoy the sounds...the feel good sounds of my younger years.
I enjoyed listening to the album and even brought three mp3 songs from it.  Special has a great voice!
this music was an excellent example of a new addition to the blues and rock scene of the 2000's. it was dynamic and very very creative. I would recommend this CD to anyone. I suggest you promote this disc on amazon as amazing new music.
If you don't think women can rock, you obviously have never listened to Ruthie Bram.  She can hold her own next to any rocker out there now.  Her music is stellar.  She knows how to write, she knows how to play, and she knows how to ROCK!!!  I once saw her in person performing at a small club.  At the time her mom was her roadie and her security.  She looked so small and thin like many teenage high school girls.  I thought she would be like Britny Spears or something.  BOY, was I wrong!!  She knows how to ROCK and she can absolutely shred a guitar.  She's fantastic in concert.Personally I like everything on this album, but the standout track that will have HUGE commercial appeal is definitely &#34;Will She&#34;.  This track will be hated by those who can't stand teen rock at all, and LOVED by those who love any music that is honest and true to the heart.  &#34;Will She does exactly that, it doesn't just touch your heart, it surrounds it and envelopes it.  &#34;Will She&#34; may sound like corporate glamour to die hard critics of all polished youthful tracks, but once you hear it there's no denying this is a one in a million blessed by our Father above.  That's not to be religious, but just another way of saying &#34;Will She&#34; is a heavenly track.The rest of the album is great.  Excellence is there in every song.  Hard rocking and soaring sounds from every song.  Each track has her signature bluesy rock attitude that gives you that urge and strength to tell whatever is bothering you in life, whatever is beating you down, to F@#! OFF!!  I just love it!!  You can actually see yourself standing taller, more confident, self assured with just the right amount of attitude to get the job done.  Any job.  Not just an actual job, but anything in life that causing you trouble, put on Ruthie Gram and get tough, get an attitude, and get it done!!Thanks Ruthie!  Your the best!  Love ya!!!
'A Tall Tale on Johnson Road' is an epic album from an era long since past in the world of music.  While most contemporary artists are trying to develop one or two hot singles for download, ATTOJR is a true album story that must be heard from start to finish.  With a rustic sound that pays honorable tribute to a blues/rock influence (Robert Johnson, Buddy Guy and the like), Fuentes creates his own completely original sound that takes you through a journey of love, loss, pain, and the devil himself all wrapped into 12 incredible songs.  Top favorites are "The Wrong Man" (4), "You Leave Me One Time" (5), "A Tale on Johnson Road" (7), Purgatory (10), but be sure and listen to them all!
indeed this is a vary organic album featuring basic and by basic this means its not lacking, its just he doesn't need a lot of the crap put into music these days, its brilliant music, the lyrics are smart and Ben has a great rustic voice, this is what blues are about
Great Vintage Sound!!! Take a Step Back IN Time throw on that phonograph & enjoy them swanky New ORLEANs Blues & Enjoy that  Funky Jazz Man While He Smokin wit The Reefer MAn But Whether You Know This or not New Orleans Jazz is An American Born Music Style & Sound The English Invasion Only Happened Because Them Cats Were Able To Style A Unique Style Before Copyrights & Racism Were Aware Across The Globe Sound Quality is top Notch The Price Is Legit for all us penny pinchers The Subject Matter is A-OK so grab a dubee an download yourself a copy!!!
This is a great download if you are a fan of blues and songs of sorrow.  It reflects the historical story of human suffering.  You not only get the songs you know, like J Cash, but some you probably haven't even heard of.  Get this, and enjoy the expedition.
Yeah this album is basically amazing. Well worth the listen. It came off a recommendation from a site about how to play banjo to accompany blues. Here you go.
John White offers up some authentic acoustic blues. If you enjoy Gus Cannon, Charlie Parker, Robert Johnson, etc. you will enjoy this collection. If you have never heard Cannon or Parker before you are in for a real experience. The banjo brings a different feel, no less bluesy then a guitar and not country. These songs are no where near Bluegrass so forget that idea.I don't know how to describe it, it's just the blues.
I first saw Doug Duffey perform a live KNOCK - OUT version of St. James' Infirmary and I was hooked . Not to mislead anyone, that isn't in THIS collection ( you can get a version of it on his  " Traditional " collection )." The Solo Collections " 1 & 2 are going to be the type of bluesie / boogie-woogie jazz that most people are either going to love or they're going to hate it . In my case..... I love it.
As ken Sease would say if you like in your face orginal music this album is it! Some Blues, some folk, all great music! Talented singer, guitar players and song writer.
I discovered this singer when listening to an interview  on  &#34;Chicago Jazz Revealed&#34; at WDCB, a College of Dupage jazz radio station. I liked her style and phrasing. I have not been disappointed in listening to thisCD.
Luck in a Hurry is another outstanding piece of music created by Scissormen. After getting only a small taste of this bands sound I am hooked for life. I strongly recommend this CD for any Blue`s, Rock, or alternative fan. I also recommend their EP Jinx Breakers, and the CD When the Devil calls... Finally if Scissormen come to a venue near you GO AND SEE THEM!!! Their life show is not to be missed.
John Williams is an accurate, clear and very talented musician. If you like solo guitar, you'll love this CD. I love to travel with this one!
I just find this album soothing.  I really like it.  I have never had anything by this artist before, in fact had never heard of him before.  I was just looking for some good acoustic guitar music, no words or other background and came acrosss this album.  I hope he makes some more albums.I'd recommend it, especially to someone who wants to lay back and destress.  Very nice album.
although it looked like a generic cd , it turned out to be any thing but ! anyone who is a fan of acoustic fingerstyle guitar needs to own this cd !
Saw these guys do a live show last night, and boy-howdy, what fun!  With guitar work that hearkens back to Buddy Holly, Elvis, and Billy Bacon and the Forbidden Pigs, the Tijuana Gigolos are at once familiar, fun, with original music to get the toes tapping and the house rockin'. A fusion of rockabilly, blues, and little Tex-Mex, they wear their influences on their sleeve and love every minute of it.
Just saw the man in concert the other night, he played several tunes on this cd, Roger knows how to rock the blues!  You can't go wrong with any release by these guys!My fav. track is "Don't let the devil ride" smokes from the very beginning.
Chris Bellamy took what Buffett has been doing all these years one step further. Nice smooth mellow tones on this live album sets him apart from most. If there was across between Chet Atkins and Jimmy Buffett this guy is what you would see! I'd like to get to the Carolina's and go fishing one day with Chris.
A smoothly agreeable collection of modern blues that is unrepentantly risky with some reggae sprinkled throughout. The organ solos are luxurious. Give it a try.
I stated the same for two other tracks that I purchased. You'll never advance on your playing if you don't practice with some form of a track, and this is the one works. Stop Searching and hit the purchase button, and get guitar ready. That's it what can I say. I'm a MAN of few words.
I love all the different key options on this disc, as well as the minor key variations. I didn't think I'd really care for the more up tempo ones, but they're becoming some of my favorites. I've played guitar for several years and am just getting into blues. This is a fun, inexpensive way to practice those scales and get your groove on. It's also good for figuring out what chords they're using in the actual progression so you can mix some chords into the soloing. I've learned a lot from this disc already.
Bought this after hearing the track "Miss You" on the radio while in Louisianna. VERY soulful.This is my first exposure to Travis Matte, it won't be my last
Discovered Leeann Atherton playing live in Austin just last week.  Had a great time dancing to her lively and expressive music.  Very happy to find that her music is availble here on Amazon MP3.  Turns out she is a well seasoned singer/songwriter with a flair to draw from blues and soul weaving it into a nice tight package with a rock and roll country flair.  This CD has a wide range of material that Leeann sings with voice that sounds a little like Bonnie Raitt, but with more range and expression.  The common thread is the complex relationships between men and women which Leeann interprets with great insight. Especially right now I like "If You Can't Love Me" and "I'm Not Responsible", but buying the whole CD is well worth it as a complete collection of tracks that have been arranged to become more than the sum of the parts.  Playing the CD from start to finish is a very satifying listening experience.  This CD is my favorite by Leeann so far, but also looking forward to her latest CD "Heart Traveled Road" that was recently released to exellent reivews in the local Austin papers.  It will hopefully be available on Amazon MP3 soon.
Keith is one of the BEST sax players around. I've had the pleasure of seeing him more than a dozen times. His deft ear and nimble fingers paint audio art at it's best. Don't let his &#34;beat up&#34; sax fool you, it's just comfortably broken in.  :-)
Some of the best jazz I've heard in a while. It's hard to explain, it just has the right feel about it. Makes me smile and say, yeah!
This Cd is a modern continuation of The Great Blind Willie johnson's Music. Rev. KM Williams updates the music without losing the original spiritual feel and intensity of the music. A modern Gospel Blues classic!
This is the first album, to my knowledge, comprised of songs that were COMPLETELY written and recorded by musicians in different parts of the world. The fact that no two people sat together to record/compose (or Kompoz as it were) these songs is a true testament to the power of the internet and modern recording.
We have witnessed the complete overvaluation of music in the 80's and 90's, when prepackaged pablum was all that was available through the retail outlets and FM radio. Then we witnessed the complete devaluation of music as a commodity with the advent of Napster and peer to peer file sharing.Now, I think, we are seeing a correction in this market, where the artists are happy to see their audience pay for their work in accordance with the value the audience places on the product. The public has vastly greater choices in the music they can experience, and finds the artist so much more accessible than at any time in the past.As a musician, I now see the reward in the process itself, not in any far sided chance of financial gain. I believe this is a true correction, and the righting of public perception to what music should have been all along. No longer can the industry build effective corrals in which to show the public that which they say is worthy of their money. Now it is just a matter of exposing this music through online music distributors, with the only requirement being that of the time it takes to listen. The financial reward is secondary, and this, I believe, corrects the focus of those who create the music. I believe this to be a cultural change. We are experiencing a total rethinking of music as product vs music as art.Venues like Kompoz.com are an integral part of this revolution. The quality of music on this cd is consistent, there is not just one or two good songs.. this is an extended cd with nothing short of stellar workmanship from conception to packaging. I too contributed to one track, and I am very grateful to be a part of it. Not because I am part of a commercially released cd. I am grateful to be a part of this revolution.
First, let me disclose that I am one of the musicians that performed on this CD.  I am also the producer.The music on this CD is truly unique.  It was created by 45 musicians, who have never met, brought together in the online world through Kompoz.com.  Working from all over the map, from the comfort of their home studios, these independent artists composed (we like to say "kompozed") and recorded these songs under the open collaborative licensing of the Creative Commons, inviting anyone to contribute to each and every song.For example, the song I contributed to is Track #11, titled "Down To The River".  On that song the drummer recorded his part in Kansas, the bass player in Stockholm, Sweden, the keyboard player Ohio, the singer in Chicago, and the lead guitar player in Miami, Florida.  Every song on this CD was created like that, with regular people from all over the world using the Internet to collaborate and create awesome new music!This is the future of music.
I have to go on record and say that i normally never write a review for any music unless i am moved beyond words... This album does just that!!! The voice of ERIC ARCENEAUX is like tasting water for the first time... there is nothing like it, yet you want more and more as it hits on every notion your mind and body yourns for. This artist and teacher foremost has put the passion of listening to talent in me that i lost in today's bubblegum period of entertainment. If you are a fan of Alicia Keys, this aritst takes the soul feel a step further as he bears life to each word... for all my real music lovers out there, please... take out some time to be born again in his music as i have... Real music lives once more!
I have attended several of Kraig's concerts. His rendition of Amazing Grace still gives me goose bumps every time I hear it. Kraig is a former National Slide Guitar Champion, you owe it to yourself to add everything he has done to your collection. I did not buy the mp3's because I already purchased all his cd's
Originally bought this CD at Summerfest where I saw him perform.  I love this CD and play it whenever I want to listen to something energetic and upbeat.  I never tire of it.
Jeremy Vasquez and Ronnie Shellist have a true winner here! I especially like "11 Mile Blues". Too bad about the rumor that Jeremy was abducted by aliens!
I saw her last night with the Basically Basie Band in Denton -- this is the second time I've heard her with them, and she has an awesome sound and stage presence.  For those who like this kind of music (and what's NOT to love!), she makes this music even more fantastic!
This is one of the best instrumental CD's I've heard in a long time.  The guitar work is awesome!  Josh Myers is definitely a guitar players guitar player.  If you like guitar music then you must add this CD to your library! Visit his website for more news [...].
I got my hands on this a long time ago, I loved it from start to finish! Hilarious but extremely well produced. Talent & entertainment abound on this recording. GG Allin does some drum work on this if you're a collector!
I really like this CD, which surprised me due to the name of the artist. Don't judge a book by its cover, Iguess. I love "Catch TheRabbit" beacuse it has an Indian sound (dot not feather indian), and it speaks realistically about betting on the greyhound races. Fun!  Some other good cuts too, like silly "The Seal Song" and "Throwing Rocks at Cars."  Who hasn't felt like doing that?!
I found these guys a couple of years ago when I was looking for an MP3 of "Spirit In The Sky". Once I heard Mojo's version, I was completely blown away. It absolutely buries the original, and the rest of the album is just as good. It's a shame they split a couple of years ago, but they managed to leave us one great album of incredibly deep, rich music. The 30 second preview of "Spirit" doesn't do it justice, but the if the full song doesn't put a huge grin on your face, nothing will.
I've had the opportunity to see Izzy & Chris live a couple times and now I've had a chance to hear their album. I have always been absolutely amazed by their talent. I won't go into great detail on this review as I am not a musical expert, though you should know these guys give me chills. The harmonica is the best I've ever heard, and Izzy's raw, pure talent voice is unmatched. If you love the blues, you MUST hear this.
As the 60's drew to a close, Jean-Marie Monestier and Jean-Pierre Tahmazian discovered the whereabouts of the last living classical jazz musicians. They decided to bring them to France, out of the anonymity into which forgetfulness had plunged them. With the applause of the concert audience still ringing in their ears, these musicians then recorded some of their most beautiful music for Black & Blue. Jean-Michel Proust and Jean-Marc Fritz who were aware of their historical value, listened to these treasures. The result was &#8220;The Definitive Black & Blue Sessions&#8221;. Black & Blue [BB 957] (RE) CD 2003
Mississippi John Hurt ranks at the very top of the Delta greats, beginning with Charlie Patton and onwards, so many great artists, geniuses, a great and a sad period of American history, these cultural icons, picking cotton by day, and letting their very souls out when they could play-create.
His pickin' and singing are beautiful and very well recorded.  The mp3s sound good. There is something hypnotic about his pickin' and soothing about his voice.  He should have recorded with the Mills Brothers.  This is a great group of songs.  At least some of the recordings are live, but it does not get in the way. Do Lord and Shall Not Be Moved are extra-great. I recommend the entire CD. This version of Nobody's Business is not too misogynistic (but Can't Be Satisfied is).  I am not sure that Coffee Blues is really about a spoonful of coffee, but he is not too coy about it.  If you like this, also get a version of Make Me a Pallet on Your Floor, my very favorite MJH song.  I really like the version on "Got a Feeling Called the Blues."
This CD presents ten songs done in a "live" setting at a place called Big Duke's on Chicago's West Side in November, 1976.  The band consists of:  Jimmy Dawkins (guitar and vocals), Richard Kirch (rhythm guitar), Sylvester Boines (bass), and Tyrone Centuray (drums).  It's a basic lineup with no horns, keyboard, blues harp, or background vocals, but still the music sounds big and full.  This CD can be hard to find, but it's a good one and worth seeking out.  What makes it a good CD?  Jimmy Dawkins.  But to try to explain further, it involves the feeling that is expressed by Dawkins through his heartfelt vocals and his all-for-business guitar tone.  Thankfully, the recording process allowed for the feeling to ring through loud and clear.  This is not blues-lite, which is not very satisfying, however for those who are not used to this much power and soul, "Come Back Baby" may prove to be too over-the-top for a listen all at one sitting.  Jimmy goes after "the big sound", helped by his use of a semi-hollow electric guitar with two humbucking pickups.  Of course, others have used this setup, but most others do not have his commitment nor his expression.  The right notes have to be struck and played in such a way so as to wring out all the emotion from the instrument.  Dawkins has been called "fast fingers" as well as "west side guitar hero", but those short descriptions do not fully portray the message of his music.  Listening to this CD is the best way to know and feel Jimmy Dawkins' message.
This is an excellent live recording, many times live recordings are frustrating. The sound is full and sounds live without being a step away from something but a step toward a fine capture of the players. I would only add to the previous review that the drumming is magnificent. Jimmy kills it all over, quite nice. But the drumming is more than tight, it lifts to its own notice. All to all- a fine addition.
my favorite Ledfoot album. Love his unique style. guitar work is unique and really great. Voice is a lot of styles combined. A fantastic artist. I highly recommend this album.
I'm a huge fan of blues music, as a musician of the genre myself.  Once or twice a month I'll browse Amazonmp3, hunting down artists I've never heard of, that seem to not have much attention (such as no ratings/reviews).  This is, quite possibly, one of the biggest surprise-finds I've had since I started doing this.Ledfoot has a history in the music scene, also known as Tim Scott McConnell, playing with a variety of musicians throughout his life.  This, in my opinion, is his quintessential evolution into raw, honest music (not that anything he did before wasn't of such, but as Ledfoot his musical voice is much stronger).With practically nothing but his voice and a 12 string acoustic guitar (which he plays slide on - I'll add that doing such can be challenging, given tuning constraints), he creates haunting finger-picked structures underneath beautiful slide lead parts and a true-blue singing style that sells you the story of a broken down man.  Seriously.  Hit up YouTube and look up Ledfoot.  There are a few official music videos of him up there, and they are worth the time to watch and listen.  Then, buy this album and enjoy.
I had the great fortune of accidently meeting Frank and Josh several years ago when they set up next to my camper to perform on the beach in Menemsha on the Vineyard. I was blown away by the music and bought the CD on the spot from Josh's girlfriend. We went back the next night to hear them again and had a few drinks in the camper afterwards. This is one of my favorite disks and the only CD I have ever found that I actually like every song. Two amazing performers with a big sound and genuine nice people to boot. Old time, ragtime blues at it's finest!
There's a fairly familiar sound to this band's stuff in the way of the Black Keys (vocally, guitar tone kind of..) But at the same time this guy can play circles around those guys and Mason has a smooth ferocity in his attack on guitar and a very deep bottom end paired with full beefiness and a gritty roar for his guitar tone.  The songs have unique rhythms and infectiously strong grooves that can make the squarest of fellows need to get up and take notice.  I love this album and I can't wait to hear more from Mason and his crew.
This is the best album I have heard all year.  Garrett Mason, son of veteran Canadian Bluesman Dutch Mason, has put together an amazing album!  He has the showmanship of B.B King, the grit of Albert King, the passion of Buddy Guy, and the raw talent to tie it all together.  You absolutely must listen to it.
I have seen Garrett Mason at the annual Dutchie Mason Blues Festival in honor of his deceased father who is a Canadian blues legend. Garrett has all the tools and the talent and could be a huge name but has chosen a more simplified approach to his career. Playing the clubs and festivals.Mason used to hate the blues "because the old man used to play it full-tilt" on the stereo. He says, "I didn't get into it until I was like 13, then I had my own time to get into it, and I started to love it. I didn't even like Muddy Waters the first couple times I heard him, but then the more I heard him, I just loved the hell out of it."Of the players who made Mason want to play guitar and sing---Albert King, Albert Collins, B.B. King, Stevie Ray Vaughan and Jimi Hendrix---only B.B. is still alive. Garrett Mason and the Vibrations opened for B.B. on his 80th birthday, at the Montreal Jazz Festival in 2006.Surrounded by his father's peers, Garrett has had the benefit of hearing and learning from a wide variety of musical talent.Mason plays the blues with conviction. He is truly original. I only wish that he would publish more material as his work is exceptional.
As industrial comps go, there are some exclusives on here, some old stuff, and a minimal of fillers. The songs range from synth-pop to harder electro. They include covers of Motorhead by Plastic Noise Experience and a Ministry cover by Underwater Pilots, and also a song by GuG sideband Trauma. Thankfully they don't sink into all the tired trends that bored you (ie drum n bass, Metallica riff cloning, VNV cloning) and give you pretty straight forward industrial music. This is only Van Richter's third comp in 10 years so the content's not too done to death. Some of the songs are previously released but were all very out-of-print or otherwise hard to find in the first place. Now we can get this German industrial stuff without paying import prices.
what can I say this cd is amazing and I regret putting off adding it to my collection for as long as I did.  In short it is a great cd and if you love the blues like I do don't hesitate picking this one up
I think this is the Eddy album to get if you want to know what it would sound like to sit in a room and listen to him and his band play live. No production or layers of sound, just raw passionate Chicago blues from a master of the craft.  I'd seen him live a couple times many years ago, and I'm so glad I bought this since it reminds me of the energy of his shows. I don't know if I'll need to get any more Eddy albums, this one is the perfect capsule of his sound.
I wonder how the Philippine language would translate in blues genre.  I was listening this album at a friends house and found it very subtle in pleasure.  I was curious on how well it was and listened through the entire repertoire and I do believe it is worth the money that I would spend on it.  Having it on MP3 format makes it easier for me to download in different devices.  There would probably be a lot of criticism but it is very entertaining to my taste.  But I would warn those who have not experienced the Philippine culture that the songs in this album has a certain appeal to the a particular segment.  But if you give it a chance, you will learn to love.  Thank you Amazon.
AWESOME! Just raw slide guitar blues. Another great blue's artist discovery on my part (for myself), and anybody who likes guitar-driven blues with a mean sounding slide guitar. Similar sound to Elmore James, but a lot more natural/raw sounding. Sound quality isn't perfect, and that's what makes this live cd sound so mint. You almost feel like you are at the concert. I started out by you tubing him and there are some rare clips on there of him performing live, which helps ya picture him performing when listening to this cd...makes the listening experience even better.
Atlanta's Fatback Deluxe deserve to be hrad...hard working, full of soul and gritty as hell.  Reminiscent of old (...and quite awesome) J. Geils Band they bring the poison.  Check them out!
"Do you like good music? That sweet soul music?"That's what Arthur Conley asked back in the 60's when he gave tribute to  "Wicked Pickett," Otis Redding and James Brown in the tune "Sweet Soul Misic."Well, if Sweet Soul Music were written today, Brother Tyrone would for sure get a name check. For his part, Brother Tyrone name checks Johnnie Taylor ("Who's Making Love to Your Old Lady?"). That's appropriate since like Taylor, who was called "the philosopher of soul," Brother Tyrone's songs have some depth. There are several references to the damage caused by Hurricane Katrina and songs that deal with resisting the urge to cheat on your wife.Another point of reference would be Albert King's late 60's "Born Under a Bad Sign."  There, Albert played and sang the blues backed by Booker T and the M.G.'s, the Stax house band.Brother Tyrone is from New Orleans. Per "Offbeat," which covers Louisiana music and culture, "Brother Tyrone is a soul singer. Not neo-soul, not a retro muddled Stax/Motown Frankenstein or anything like that."  Amen. The only "updated" element of this music is the recording quality. Other than that, this is music that is 60's soul music.So if you love 60's vintage Stax soul music, that "sweet soul music," you have to buy these tunes.
Man Guitar Pete kicks the blues so hard it shatters into a million pieces.I love his raw loud style.When I first heard the cd I though it had a early heavy ZZTop sound as if played by Motorhead.Its Blues rock at its basic best.Pete plays it without fancy noodling just in your face blasts of power.It Head Banging blues.This is what guitar rock should be all about!
I was doing some research on turpentine camps for a talk on my bookThe Bottle Treeand came across an article written by Scott Ainslie along with his song You Better Lie Down, about the hard life of the men in the camps. I was blown away by the samples I heard here on Amazon and I immediately bought the download. Luckily, MP3s can't wear out because I have listened to it over and over.Mr. Ainslie not only can play and sing, but he also understands and "feels" the history of the blues as evidenced by the feel of his songs.I highly recommend this album to any blues aficionado.
While nothing can compete with the entertainment and energy of their live shows, this album translates the mood perfectly.  Part PJ Harvey, part jug band,100% unique spin on a secret collateral of cool gems of sound, mood, emotion, soul, and silly stylish fun.  I can't recommend it enough.
This is a great CD.  Drew sings good songs about love and life.  He is a great guitar player.  I highly recommend that you give this a try.
Willie Foster was a legendary blues musician. Finding this on Amazon was great. People need to hear Willie's music. He was one of the best. Great record. Highly recommend!!
I have been a Davina fan since my wife and I caught her act by accident when dining at the Dakota Jazz club. After the first set, we were hooked. The blend of NO jazz with modern progressions was interesting. The horn section was tight and lively. But when this classic voice chimed in, I was amazed.I purchased my first CD that night, but was a little let down listening on my way home. It was missing something. There is an energy in their live performances that just wasn't there. Don't get me wrong. I still listen to the studio CD's, but it isn't quite the same.This CD changes that. The energy is there. I can't recommend this enough. I was particularly pleasantly surprised to find the gem  "St James Infirmary". I collected various versions of this song and this is one of my favorite versions.You will not be disappointed with this CD.
Seems odd to refer to music as being Musical but that's what I think of Davina and the Vagabonds.  I have seen them perform several times and this collection accurately reflects the wonderful style and musical celebration that there appearances have been to me.  There is no posturing, there is no ego... there is only a really nice mixture of old and brand new melodies, exceptional and understated musicianship... and charming music... It is entertaining and certainly belongs in my collection
Davina is simply amazing!  Her voice is incredible!  Gives me chills to listen to her!  Not really sure what else to say.  This is a must have for your collection.
I saw the Zydeco Crawdaddys when they opened for CJ Chenier in Sauget, IL a few weeks back.  This was my first experience with this band and all I could think was how much they reminded me of home. (Mississippi and Louisiana born and raised, Saint Louis transplant!)  I was surprised to learn they're actually a local band!  Either way, it was a fantastic show and I hope to catch them again soon.
JLW is a contemporary blues master with a smoking hot guitar ability. I have had the pleasure of seeing JLW live twice now and I am hooked. This CD is awesome from the title track on through, pure blues at its best. JLW is not up for 4 blues awards and being inducted into the blues Hall of Fame this year for nothing!
Barbara Blue never disappoints.  Out of the Blue has to be my favorite BB CD.  I can't think of Memphis blues without also the thought of Barbara Blue.  Her voice is intoxicating.  Even my daughter who is under the age of 2 years responds to the music on this CD.
St. Louis .. not really known for their &#34;Reggae Scene&#34; in any way, really..these guys are well on the way to introducing a &#34;new lifestyle&#34; to this area of the country. i wish you all nothing but the best!Great album!!BIG thanks to Josh Heinrich (Springfield, Missouri native, American Reggae artist) for pointing me to Aaron Kamm and the One Drops.Great message in this music; for both god and bad days.OneLove
Great album. I just need to buy the rest of their album.! They're better live, but this will work until the next show!
The influences are apparent, yet not overtly so. In fact, there are some songs here that I can picture the original artists wishing they had done it that way.I dare say that, as the subject line suggests, certain songs even outshine their intended tributee. I may be pushing it there, but just for fun, check out "Color Chain" at Youtube.Only a curmudgeon would not be able to find a song here that they did not like. Even then, I defy them not to find themselves tapping their internal foot at some point.For certain there is plenty here to ingest, but definitely a worthy way to spend your download dollars.
A musicale journey with great sounds and a dreamy feeling of yesterdays greats such as Bobbie Timmons and Cannonball Adderly at the Half Note.
There are so many collections of Amos Milburn here on Amazon. What I really wanted was one concise, yet comprehensive 4 CD set like those issued by Properbox. Nothing of the sort was to be had so I started sifting through the various little collections of mp3s to see what could be cobbled together. Eventually I just dumped the track listings from the major collections to a spreadsheet, along with several of those smaller mp3 sets that just seem thrown together.I like the jumpin' side of the man's sound and found that for my taste I could summarize Amos Wilburn's career quite neatly with just two collections: this one and the 2 CD setThe Chicken Shack Boogie Manwhich turned out to be on the Proper label. Between that set's 52 songs and this one's 29, there's not too much overlap - just eight songs total.There's a larger 66 track mp3 album,Blues, Barrelhouse & Boogie Woogie: The Best Of Amos Milburn 1946-55but for its price of almost thirty bucks, the many songs unique to that collection tended to be rote blues numbers. Virtually everything from that collection that I wanted was on the 2 CD set without the extra price or overhead.There's also a 2 CD set titledBest Of: Down the Road Apiecebut it didn't quite measure up to the combination of this set plusThe Chicken Shack Boogie Man. Fifteen of its 26 tracks are included in this more affordable collection. It does, however, contain asong or twothat could be downloaded as individual tracks to round out an Amos Milburn playlist.The Chicken Shack Boogie Manspans 1946 to 1951 in 52 songs; its liner notes comment on how the next phase of Wilburn's career on Aladdin in the 1950s was largely comprised of songs about whiskey and other forms of booze. Which would be where this collection comes in.This set will appeal most to listeners who enjoy Louis Jordan'sAladdin sessionsor the sounds ofWynonie Harris.
Otis Spann was the piano player in Muddy Waters band but you should read Wikipedia to see what impressive credentials the man had. I originally bought this collection as a vinyl record in the mid seventies, I don't recall what inspired the purchase other than my endless curiosity about American music. I fell in love with the collection because it was so comparatively spare and intimate. When I reacquired the collection in a digital format recently (I was disappointed to find it was not available as a CD with some notes and images in the package) I remained as pleased with the superb piano playing and the pure singing.Although it is of a different era and genre of African American music it most closely reminds me of another favorite group of blues piano and singing recorded in the last years of Jelly Roll Mortons life. I guess it's the essence of blues with the piano as the instrumental voice and the singer, soulful, plaintive and as uncontrived and matter of fact as a piece of home made bread and a bowl of soup. This is unapologetic, the blues without frills but yet not harsh, hostile or crude, this is someone talking to you about how his day has been, how his life has been and it's as honest as talking to yourself. I love this group of recordings.
Disclaimer: I am a fan of Big Bill Broonzy's music.  Expect a positive review.Big Bill died in 1958, and therefore didn't live to see the folk music and blues revival of the mid 1960's, nor did he live to see the end of the Jim Crow segregation laws in 1963 and 1965.  His recordings show the influence of his times.Broonzy was a great guitar player who claimed himself to play everything as blues.  That said, _When_Did_You_Leave_Heaven_, on this album, has more of a country ballad sound than a blues sound, and older readers / listeners will remember Sixteen Tons from Tennessee Ernie Ford's giant 1955 hit, hardly a bluesy song and one Big Bill covers fairly straight.There is one overlapping song on here from his Trouble in Mind album, although they have different titles and some different verses.  The song that is Mule Ridin' Blues on Trouble in Mind is Hey Bub blues on this album, but listeners will hear them as the same song.Ambient background noise gives away the fact that songs on this album were recorded in at least two different places on at least two different occasions.Besides the vocal songs there are two full guitar instrumentals plus one short piece I think of as a guitar interlude.  These show his absolute virtuosity on the guitar.If you like traditional acoustic blues you can't go wrong with this album, or with Big Bill Broonzy.
I saw Brother Joscephus and the Love Revival Revolution Orchestra in concert today at the Bele Chere street festival in Asheville, NC. The band was tight. The band was hot. The crowd was rocking with them. Total energy. Total pageant. Total fun.The band's web site describes them as neo-soul, neo-New Orleans, secular gospel. Very funky with a 12 piece ensemble including horns, guitars, keyboards, multiple vocalists, drums, an occasional tuba, and lots and lots of style.Get the album. I almost never recommend that people do that sight unseen, but this band is on fire.And if they're coming to a town near you, don't hesitate. It's the best high energy positive party music I've ever heard outside of New Orleans itself.
I finally got around to getting this,now I wish I hadn't waited so long!A really great set of blues with an after-hours feel,a nice mix of originals & some not over-done covers.Laid back, but EXTREMELY tasty playing & singing by Norcia on harp & vocals, & Geraci on piano-both veterans of early lineups of Ronnie Earl's Broadcasters.It sounds like they had fun doing this, & that carries over when listening.
The Ramblin Dawgs energetic three song EP "Rockin Blues," is full of classic 70's/80's blues tone we all love and remember. The first single, "Steppin Up" is a wonderful throw back to the sound of the Fabulous Thunderbirds with some dirty guitar work by Carlos "C-Dawg" DC. "You Let Me Down" also showcases "C-Dawg's" Clapton infused playing and lets us hear the band jam out some soulful, slow tempo blues. Closing out the three single EP is "Worse Without You," a Chicago style blues number with solid chord progressions and guitar driven riffs and solo. The band as a whole is extremely talented, but Carlos' guitar skills stand out amongst anything else on this disc and deserve to be noticed. If you like Clapton or that old school Chicago blues sound, then "Rockin Blues" is a great CD to add to your collection.
I've listened to this album and Love Above about 3 dozen times each, in the last few weeks since I purchased them.  Great guitar, harmonica and lyrics.  Both albums sit on top of my stack of Dylan albums and have for weeks.  I really love this artist.
I love this album so much!  Beautiful, meaningful songs and just really, really well done.  You would never expect such amazing songwriting from one so young.,
Although not his latest release, a very good Blue's recording just the same. I am trying to get all of his gems for my collection :-)
I've seen these guys a number of times in person and they are a LOT of fun!  The guitar is awesome and the harp is very good. I enjoy the songs very much on this CD!
First of all, to end the confusion, This album (Power of the Blues) is the original Concert in Frankfurt, Germany in 1987. Later on this album was released as a 2 disc set with the 2nd disc being (not a live album, but) Chicago Line album (complete). Then there's the Double albums Blues Power which is essentially Power of the Blues, minus I Ain't Got You, Wild About You, It Ain't Right, and (the 11 min. version of) Room to Move, and replaced with One Life To Live, The Last Time, Fascinatin' Lover, and Life in the Jungle. The Album Life in the Jungle Is Disc 2 of Blues power. So here's the best way to get all the songs if you don't have Chicago Line album. Buy this album as a double disc, or disc 1 & 2 on MP3, or Power of the Blues Disc 1, and the Chicago Line Album. If You Own Chicago Line, all you need is Power of the Blues (The 4 songs on Blues Power are on the Chicago Line Album. These are Live at Rooster Studios Versions, so if all you want are the songs, Just get Power of the Blues disc one). With all that being said, here's the review.The guitarists in this Bluesbreaker session are Walter Trout, and Coco Montoya (both very good) and John's Drummer is Joe Yuele (who was on 70th Birthday Concert album & DVD), along with Bobby Haynes on Bass. The Band is TIGHT on this album. For the 11 minute + version of Room to Move alone it's worth the price of this album, but you also have Riding on the L & N, All Your Love, I Ain't Got You, and It Ain't Right. Like I said before, the concert came from a tape made in 1987 in Germany, so don't expect flawless sound that you can show off your sound system with (how did we (as Blues Lovers) get all these sound snobs in here all of a sudden? 75% of the blues is on old 75 recordings). For Sound, think "Allman Brothers band Live at Fillmore East", and "Exile on Main Street" quality (not worth losing a star to due to a stellar performance). This is a great concert album. Check it out. :)
Truly some of the earliest of blues songs to be waxed and the lyrics will just break you up as every sexual innuendo is used here.  If you like old blues music this is a good one to have.  Not for children.
We lost William Clarke back in 1996 from a bleeding ulcer which silenced the best harmonica blues player since Little Walter. Clarke's mentor was George &#34;Harmonica&#34; Smith who showed a young Clarke how it's done. As often happens, the student progressed past the teacher. This particular LP contains some great blues harp that was not released during Clarke's lifetime. The opening track sets the pace (Drinkin' Beer) and it just keeps getting better as it goes along. Once hooked, you'll want to purchase Clarke's other recordings as well. This one is worth the price of admission to the Blues of William Clarke. Blow Man, Blow!
This great collection of tropical blues is just what the doctor ordered on a cool evening under the banyan trees, sipping your favorite and enjoying friends.Perfect for driving, road trips as well.Worthy of any collection!
I consider myself incredibly lucky that Ruben plays locally here in south Texas. Dude is awesome and his band kills it live. If you like some sweet blues with some awesome guitar licks definately check out Ruben V. I'm not sure how this got the "explicit" tag however - its far from it. I absolutely love this CD and can't wait for Ruben's new CD in September 2009.
Like the other reviewer mentioned, someone definitely messed up with the explicit label. Knowing Ruben, I'm sure he's having quite the laugh over this. Ruben V is without a doubt the finest unknown guitar player I've ever heard, and an even finer person. His recordings are all quite good, but to really appreciate this guy and his music, you need to see him live. So take a trip to Ole San Antoine and look him up. Most any Friday or Saturday night he'll be playing somewhere around town. As far as this CD goes, Todos Reunidos (sp?) is the best cut.
I recently discovered this band while searching for covers of Son Seals songs; in particular Your Love Is Like a Cancer. Hardline has about 3 dozen free downloads on its website. The recording quality varies but some good live performances nonetheless. The studio cuts on this album are well produced but a couple lack the hard driving energy of the free live cuts. I enjoyed the free songs enough to justify buying this album (as an mp3 download from amzn). I am not disappointed. Your Love Is Like a Cancer is a room full of sound on this album, although the live version "Live at the Foxx Den" from the band's website is more organic). This studio version of T-Line is a real funky toe pumper. The horns fill out the sound on "Don't Tell Me." In short, this band is on my watch list for shows and albums. I bet the live shows are great (based on the live cuts downloaded from its site).
Your new record is very , very good , we enjoy it very much. We love your music, there are new songs on the album which we did not know yet. Super good blues, your new style is softer and convinces my hubby that Bluesis some for him to listen to. Congratulations and greetings from your fans Antje and Howie
I love the spontaneity and I especially like Flute Thing.It's a fun, funky, live recording.There's something special here.
Jeff Strahan is a True Blues Man. Great record but if you get the chance see him live, he is a phenomenal musician and song writer. Plays that Fender and writes some really cool songs. Buy this CD and enjoy some real Texas Blues..
Great live music,  a slice of Texas goodnesslike sitting in a Hill Country Ice House with the best band around playing what you want to hearRIP Jeff Strahan[...]
I got to see Shawn this summer at the Pittsburgh Blues Fest and he stole the show. Not only is he a great guitar player but he's a great showman, strutting and playing that axe like it's a fine woman. He played most of the songs on this album and they are really good. He could have come from texas with his blues chops but he's from Canada!
A nice concert from an often overlooked songwriter, singer and great guitar player, complete with a smoking hot band and a cold Athens, Georgia audience, a well known thing in Athens. I grew up there, so I know, seems like some things never change. Tommy Talton is great, I used to go and hear Cowboy, and various versions of Tommy Talton, all the time. This is the man you hear on The Allman Brothers studio recording of Rambling Man playing with Richard Betts, this guy is laid back and cool, this album is fun to hear and I recommend it.
Like many, I was sick to death of cookie cutter music and therefore quite pleased to find this one by Gellings. I've always enjoyed the raw sounds of 50s blues, cutting edge 60s rock, and back hill bluegrass. In Blue Owl, Gellings blends all three into a totally unique contemporary mix that retains the purity and the sweet raw power of the early greats. No bubble gum here, just good old fashioned talent... making this a feast for the senses.
Bluesy rock with awesome vocals.  Love the beat to all of the songs.  Soulful. Love it.  Love the download option.  Awesome.
This is a great album. If you like New Orleans style funk this is your jam. Keep on rocking Davis.
I enjoy long periods of great smooth jazz and this fits the bill exceptionally well.  It's *not* generic though.  There is variety here and melody - just nothing jarring or boring. I highly recommend it!
This is yet another GREAT album by San Francisco-based Shantytown.  There are tunes that will have you up shakin' it, tunes that will have you thinking deep thoughts (but not TOO deep).  All around, a really great, listen-over-and-over type CD that shows us that independent musicians are putting out some incredible music.  I highly recommend "Old Soul" (go check out some of the youtube videos of this tune being performed live) if you want to shake what mama gave you, Happy Again if you want to feel good, or "Winooski Bridge Dirge" or "Frank's Song" if you want to hear some hauntingly beautiful lyrics.If you haven't caught this band live, do yourself a favor and pick up their stuff on CD.
Local Syracuse NY Band. Mark Doyle has played with everyone and has produced some of the best artists over the years, check out his website for a sample!! Perfect renditions of 60's British invasion blues/rock. The Peter Green covers are particularly good.
Really brings back memories.  My cousin is the drummer, so it is really nice to add to my family history...
There is just something about hearing the blues that makes you want to sway, and dance, and weep, and sing at the top of your lungs all at once. The "Crawlin' Kingsnake" is one of my favorite artists, and this is a thrilling collection.
Like a lot of folks I first saw Theriot on Live From Darryl's House and wanted to check out his solo stuff.  I'm glad I did.  Dirty Power is a great mix of funky tracks with some really imaginative playing.  Theriot's playing is an amalgam of rock, funk, fusion and jazz.  He plays for the song but he let's it rip enough that it will keep the attention of the guitar players out there.  Fortunately, he doesn't try to play every style of playing music known to man just to show that he can (like a lot of guitar players tend to do on their releases).  He's a great funky player who sticks to what he's good at.  You will definitely find yourself tapping your toes and bobbing your head.
Start with some of Jeff Beck's best instrumentals, add some cool jazz, a touch of blues, and a good measure of New Orleans funk (courtesy of Big Sam), and you get the flavor of this CD.  The songs have variety and are well orchestrated.  They have a rich, edgy quality.  I can listen to them over and over.  Left me wanting one of his other CDs as well.
I just had the pleasure of catching up with Rob's live show at Shanghai Jazz and left with that same deep satisfaction that can only come from observing a stone dedicated craftsman at his job. He never fails to have the very best men and women on stage and in the studio by his side. Always friendly and professional you just can't go wrong with a Paparozzi show. This recording reminds me of a Blood Sweat and Tears effort in their salad days...just the right amount of eclecticism and staple tried and true soulful r&b..roll on Rob roll on...Dave Perry.
Rob Paparozzi is undoubtedly one of the greatest harmonica virtuosos of all time. (And an amazing singer.) He and friends are the real musicians who outshine, nearly without exception, the headliner artists they play with. When they play here and any time they get together, the music is pure and honest -- because they don't perform, they play. They let us know who they are, and it's an exquisite pleasure, and an unbelievable privilege, to listen to them.You might hear better than this in your lifetime ... but I doubt it.
Bought this album at recommendation of Hugh Laurie in the movie he did about putting an album together in Louisana (Let Them Talk).  The movie was great, Hugh Laurie's album is great, and so is this collection of Professor Longhair's music.  If you like bluesy jazz you will love this album.
I am buying all this guy's music that I can.  I just saw him in Beaumont, TX, last week and was blown away by his sound. Looked like some Brylcreem'd kid in white pants and baby blue patent shoes -- and then he blows up his guitar - and my mind!-with his sound. This looks to be a compilation - I'm downloading this now.
Call it coincidence but there's a plate of boiled crawfish in the refrigerator as the sounds of Jubilee, Ernest James Zydeco's 2009 release, reverberates off my office walls. Thanks for the spicy mudbugs goes to Chef John McClure, owner of Starkers, who held a crawfish and shrimp boil in his backyard last weekend. I did my best to plow through several plates of crawfish, shrimp, potato, and andouille sausage. McClure's a generous man. He sent me home with a to-go plate so the crawdad fiesta could continue. Properly fortified, I can't think of more authentic food to get me in the spirit while feasting on eleven zydeco tracks by Ernest James and crew.The roster of musicians appearing on the CD includes Mike Meyers and veteran Jaisson Taylor - who has drummed for the likes of Koko Taylor and Bill Withers - splitting duty on drums over two nights of recording, Barry Barnes on washboard and percussion, Michael Stover aka DJ Clem on bass, Tony LaCroix on guitar, and Mister Ernest James on accordion, guitar, resonator slide, and vocals.James also brings his southern roots and 15 years of experience as a blues and zydeco musician to the table. His father was also a major influence that impacted James musically. James says, "My daddy's family comes from Pineville, Louisiana, where the dogwoods grow out in the woods. He left there as a young man and moved to the West Coast Bay Area. So many Creoles and Cajuns left Louisiana in the '50s and '60s and moved to California looking for work and a better life. I grew up in a zydeco oasis in Oakland, California, not realizing it until going back and seeing so many bands playing in the San Francisco area. Throughout life I have revisited my family's ties with Pineville, Alexandria, and Louisiana, trying to understand why my daddy left it long ago. In the process, I have found my music fits into the zydeco tradition, bringing a strong past of blues to the accordion-based band. Now blues and zydeco are just a part of who I am and how I express what I see in life."Led by James, this band has been rocking the zydeco groove for years during First Friday in the Crossroads, Mardi Gras, and select dates in clubs around the metro. Yet, zydeco still isn't common around Kansas City. Local audiences aren't always hip about dancing to unfamiliar traditional songs that call for two-stepping and waltzes. As a result, James and the band adapted their sound by working in reggae beats and a bluesy vibe along with traditional numbers. The tinkering paid off as people got their good foot workin' on the dance floor. This musical amalgamation actually holds true to the origins of zydeco, a form of roots music born out of Louisiana Creole music epitomized by the fast tempo sounds of the accordion and washboard. Over the years, zydeco has integrated dance forms including waltzes, shuffles, and two-steps as well as incorporating blues, rock, brass, reggae, and other popular forms of music.With Jubilee, Ernest James fills up a bucket of good-time songs recorded over two nights with the band playing live in the studio. As a result, the music sounds warm, immediate, and rich in texture. James sings with the calm reserve of a midwestern soul, coolly delivering lyrics with charm and confidence. Like a dance partner that knows how to lead well, James sings and performs with confidence backed by an able band. Listeners and those inspired to dance can settle into the groove and go. Put your "Family First," James insists on the first track. With a peppy drumbeat and the harmonic fire of his accordion, there's no reason to argue. The band cooks with gas on"Refrigerator." James sings with sly humor as he searches for something to eat at three o'clock in the morning. Shoulda gone to Town Topic, he shouts. No doubt. The guitar work darts in and out like a pesky mosquito, finally relenting to some Chuck Berry-style riffs."Eh Hosephine" sashays forth with a swamp blues sassiness. The resonator adapted as a slide guitar works its dark magic. The next track "My Little Josephine" is a kissing cousin overcome with lust; Latin hips and attitude slither around a snaky guitar, snazzy percussion, and James' sexy intonations."Get Right Church" dips into a dub vibe as James testifies and confesses. The accordion adds dramatic tension as Tony LaCroix plucks guitar notes that underscore the soul-searching mood.The band swings with "Thoughts of Venus," taking a lighter, more melodic direction with this tale as the accordion and backbeat bounce along. "Courvoisier" is an all-out dance number as any song about fine booze should be. The band busts out a Bo Didley "hambone" groove on bass and guitar as James adds a melodic touch on accordion. Time to get down and dirty. James calls out the lyrics and wails like a happy-go-lucky auctioneer who's had just enough from a snifter of Courvoisier in hand."Get Dub" reflects the influence of reggae with its hypnotic beat and chill vocals. The accordion percolates and bubbles over at just the right moments. Jaisson Taylor's drumming pops like June bugs bouncing off the back door window screen.On the dance floor, it's time to get the skirts in a whirl with "Get Down to Big Mamou," a more traditional number that prompts an aerobic workout with its quicker pace. No worry, there's a bottle or two of Abita Jockamo I.P.A. (or Boulevard Single Wide I.P.A. for Kansas City loyalists) nearby to quench thirst, right?The final number "Cry All Night" is a bluesy hymnal. Gentle as Roy Orbison, James croons with quite reverence. The guitar is sparse and stirring; the drumming is genteel. The song is a poignant weeper, a mournful goodbye.There's no question that Ernest James and his band play music with jubilation. They have forged a tight sound that wrings ample flavor - sweet, salty, smoky, spicy - out of a song for listeners to lap up. James is a consummate front man, singing with confidence and flare and leading his band as they craft rhythmic songs with feeling. Jubilee is a fine display of zydeco's tradition of roots that remain open to adapting other forms of music and dance.
this Jem is the blueprint of all classsic rockn'roll  real & true to heart lyrics and guitar play U will be able to see how far music has come along when you listen to this album
A sonically excellent collection of the finest work of one of the all time great Delta Blues artists.  One hears the roots of much music that has come since. The audio quality is remarkable for the era.
Son House - fantastic music, by a great artist. It is well worth the money and well worth listening to.
I liked the voice, and the beat in "Crawl My Way Back," and in "Survivor's Song."  Also, I liked the rythm and voice on "Too Cleaver."  The guitar music, and beat in "Subprime" was really good," as well as the beat in "Um Bbeijinho," and the Guitar in "Sputter."  I am a piano player, and I enjoyed the music and piano in "Birth."  I am from the "old school," you know like Perry Como,but I occasionally like to listen to some "new music," and He does very well on this CD.
I want more - this feels sooo good and to hear the two of them just a bass, an electric piano and a guitar at a Tavern in Scranton, PA - a must.
This is a very solid album. There have only been a few albums like this issued over the years, and I think this one and it's Volume 2 are great! This disc has quite a few of the really classic Dirty Blues songs that any fan of 30s Jazz/Blues should have in their collection. The restoration is quite good. There's far less noise and fewer clicks/pops that there should be, but they still sound nice and natural. If you're interested in this kind of music this same label also put together another album titled "Copulatin' Blues". It features a bunch more really great old Blues cuts that would be thoroughly enjoyed by any fan of this style of old Blues!
This  is a gift for my husband and he loves it. For anyone who loves the old Blues it is a great purchase.
Heard the Dirty Urchins play in Central Park a few years ago and bought their CD then.  Very unique sound, glad to see them here on Amazon.
I really like this band, and the files themselves are of an okay quality (about 250 kbps).Great band, and it feels good to support them.  I hope for a physical CD from them eventually.
Virtuosic playing by Australia's king of the surf rock guitar. This album shows Martin's wide range of technique and style more than other albums. Surf music isn't dead! Thanks Martin for keeping it alive.
Rory still sounds great on this guitar and vocal stripped down recording as if the man was playing in your living room. His background of playing/acting in  Godspell & other live theatre in Sydney. Rory is well known in Australia. This is not the 1970's Aussie/ABC "Aunty Jack Show" but a nice dance to show a cool and mellow voice. In short , I like it.
With the likes of Paul Butterfield , Mike Bloomfield, et al playing and recording in the late '60s the Outlaw Blues Band was often overlooked but still was kickin' some major blues butt with some nice jazz flourishes too.  Fine listening even 40+ yrs later.
For those of us who are not 'attached', the perfect song for the holidays...great harmonica, just the right amount of sap, a necessary ingredient for the season! Glad I found it, give it a listen!
I Love It! Steve's soulful voice capture's the essence of the blue's.He combines the power and happiness of a brighter future with the thoughts Christmas - not only that, if you want to hear some great guitar work, check it out!
This is one of the best blues songs I've ever heard. The story line reminds me of how fragile relationships may be, and at the same time the music has that healing quality which brings comfort to my soul. Not a word or a note out of place. I love it!
After forty years of the same 25 Christmas songs I am so  happy that there's something new that completely captures the spirit of Christmas.  In the end it's all about the heart.
If you like classic blues and find yourself with that yearly holiday funk, this is the song for you. A real down to earth blue sound. Steve will make you glad to feel so bad!
I was very pleased with this compilation of blues music. Nice selection of artists and choices of their songs. I have this on my Kindle's speed dial. I listen to it quite a lot.Again, nice job Amazon.Thank you.
There are a large number of blues albums floating around. If there haven't been ten thousand at least anthology's released over the years I will be shocked. This is one that I have left in the multi-disc player for an extended run. Check it out. It is a great collection of tunes and a value purchase. I did see almost every great blues artist of the sixties in concert so I am well versed on the artists here, some real legends.
good music to listen to when you are relaxing in front of a good fire and a glass of scotch
A real great read if you lke Hofner's & even if don't care for them this might change your mind about Hofner guitars
Excellent choice for Either Blues enthusiasts our new comer s. Really enjoyed it! Everybody from BB King to Howlin Wolf! These are alot of the standards.
Has a good cross section of notable artists doing great numbers. Can Blues really be called the blues when it has such a pleasing affect on the listener?
Skies and Openings is an incredible debut from Vin Downes. Reminicent of Leo Kottke and Michael Hedges but with a distinct style and voice. "So She Spins" is a stand out track with a sweet lyrical melody that reminded me of Pat Metheny at times. "No Returning" has a melancholy that draws the listener in and as with all of the tracks, creates it's own atmosphere and transports the listener somewhere else. "Mudshine", "Climb" and "Kian's Blues" will impress fans of blues as well. A must have for fans of fingerstyle guitar and acoustic instrumental CDs. Technical yet simple. No overplaying. Every note counts and stands on its own.
this band deserves a lot more attention that it is getting!! great licks, great hooks!!  also a superb live band!! as tony the tiger says " they are great!!!!!!!!!! " rosie bones
If you'd like a tight Bluesey, Jazzy, Funky rhymic ride from a great Blues band that consists of Sweet harptones, Solid Strat-laced licks, and very strategic Hammond B3 backing, this is your download.  Very, very tight group that breaks the mold of the I IV V progression ... yet, keeping the blues totally alive in the forefront.  This CD is &#34;off-the-charts&#34; cool.
Voni Crist's sound could probably best be described as a sort of hybrid of classic and smooth jazz, Brazilian bossa nova, and just good old straight blues...all rolled into one nice package; different styles, yet they all mesh together perfectly well (think of Diana Krall, Bonnie Raitt and Nora Jones).  Voni delivers the vocals with class and sophistication, backed up by some of the finest musicians from Ventura County.  Great material here.
Twice as Nice performed as the closing act at the 12th Annual Native American Music Awards on 11/12/2010 at the Seneca Niagara Casino in Niagara Falls, NY. (joining them in a guest performance was Wes Studi)! It was a fabulous show of virtuosity by 2xNice - you couldn't avoid being invigorated by their enthusiastic playing and showmanship! Plus, they were charming at the Meet and Greet afterward and they sold all their copies of the latest CD. If you want music to juice up your day and elevate your mood, do NOT pass up this collection of Twice as Good's latest offering, If That's All Right With You. Quickly download and begin your enjoyment NOW!
My father got me listening to this about 20 years ago. It was funny then and i'm glad I found it again. This is a mix of made up fun songs and comedy bits
Who is Denny Earnest and where has he been hiding? I've been downloading singles all night until I found Denny's album. His guitar playing is almost flawless, so smooth and very clean on these classic blues feel tunes. Some acoustic, some electric. The recordings are excellent. The supporting band is top notch. As I listen, I too often feel like I'm listening to Clapton as he should have sang the blues. Voice is clear and crisp. 5 star rating all around.
I live near Tate's Hell and have never heard of these guys which is a shame...because they are great.  I came across this little gem of an album searching for another song and I am so glad I DID!  Hope to catch them playing somewhere one day!  If you like good old rockin blues you will love this album!!!
If you don't know the depth of Lucky's talent, you are truly missing something real.  Worth listening to over and over.  A great addition to my collection.
St. Louis .. not really known for their &#34;Reggae Scene&#34; in any way, really..these guys are well on the way to introducing a &#34;new lifestyle&#34; to this area of the country. i wish you all nothing but the best!Great album!!BIG thanks to Josh Heinrich (Springfield, Missouri native, American Reggae artist) for pointing me to Aaron Kamm and the One Drops.Great message in this music; for both good and bad days.OneLove
Awesome STL band great to see live. I recommend all their albums. Great music many thanks! 1 2 3 4
Aaron Kamm(guitar/vocals), Andy Dorris(bass) and Sean Raila(drums) create a sublime fusion of lighthearted reggae and old school funky blues that is well respected across genres. Kamm goes above and beyond as a lead vocalist when he not only sings their lyrics, he makes good use of his voice as an instrument.This is a true "band" in the sense that there is an unspoken understanding amongst the members during a performance that is reminiscent of supernatural telepathy or the most base animalistic herd mentality. When one of them takes a tangent, or a jam, to the flow of the regular song, the other bandmembers flow right along in rhythm.Enjoy this group as I have. They're dedicated to their craft and are destined for longstanding success in the music industry.taken from [...]
he has such a wounderful blusey voice! The accompanied band plays everything from piano to base to sax... Lovely to relax to
This is the best blues I've ever heard. I heard this band at a bar in Chicago, and when i heard them i just had to buy a cd. They are very talented musicians.
Revival of old-school Chicago blues played live. Irresistible. If this don't make you boogie, check yourself for a pulse. You might be dead.
The raw, expressive vocals are possibly the biggest asset of this man's fourth album (Risager's vocals convey a personal edge), while the music is delivered in a nice, full, fat style by Thorbjorn's guitar and very competent musicians. Saxophone and trumpet add meat to the core band, and Jarno Varsted's harmonica plays one of the trump cards. Even though nine out of ten tracks on this plate are original compositions - the Big Joe Williams cover really stands out. Thorbjorn's take on this gem truly deserves some attention.  Arguably his best work to date, which is really saying something considering his previous releases. Thorbjorn sets the standard for modern day R&B.
...and on this his 5th CD Thorbjorn delivers once again. Why is this fellow and his exceptional band not getting the recognition they deserve? It's only a matter of time before the secret's out on this guy. And it's no secret that his influences range from great blues, R&B; and soul. With each new CD, Thorbjorn is taking several steps towards defining a genre that's completely his own. And many listeners and critics would agree that he is already there, together with his fabulous band!This six member band which for the most part has been working with Thorbjorn since 2003 and are producing great music, supplemented by the fantastic accordion player and background vocalists, delivering a perfect musical background for the guitarist-singer, who has an impressive, powerful, slightly hoarse voice.Line up:Thorbjrn Risager (vocals, guitar)Emil Balsgaard (piano, organ)Svein Erik Martinsen (guitar, back vocals)Kasper Wagner (alto sax, tenor sax, baritone sax)Peter Kelt (Trump)Sren Brgaard (bass)Martin Seidelin (drums)LEA Thorlann, Lars Skjrbk, Pia Trjgaard (back vocals)Jarno Varsted (harmonica)Out of the blocks comes  a grungy rip roaring "Rock N' Roll Ride" complemented by a great brass section, "Baby Please Don't Go" is a growly plea for love, raw, explosive with a well balanced trade between the guitar riffs and the trumpet."Let's Go Down" pulls in the reins a bit with a haunting harp warbling in the background and with the vocals right up front in your face. This is such a cool tune, a great driving song."You Walked Right In" and " 7 Steps To Heaven" are another couple barn-burners with great background vocals and horns. Thorbjorn's voice sounds like a mix of Malford Milligan(Storyville) and Kim Wilson (Fabulous Thunderbirds)."Stand By Me" slows the pace but showcases the Great Dane's soulful vocal ability. A simple tune filled with angst and conflicting desire. "Eyes That Turned Away" picks it up again with a cool hammond/brass driving force behind it, again the background vocals and rhythms rule.My favorite "Rhythms of the Night" has a cool strumming background, subtle harp and horns with the growling vocals in your face from start to finish. This song rules big time. The lyrics are so smooth."I'll be Moving On" is a jazzy hip hop jam which rolls for 31/2 minutes with stellar trumpet and sax breaks which take you back in time."Bells of Joy" my second favorite closes it out in a JJ Grey (Mofro) style which is infectious. Again the lyrics are great."Ever since the debut, this great Danish vocalist and his equally outstanding band have been delivering new albums at about a year's interval, full of new compositions. How they find time for this, especially the composing, in spite of their intense touring, is a bit of a mystery. But life on the road is definitely a source of inspiration, which some of the songs, and even the cover photos, are reflecting."I'm totally inspired and give this one a 10.
Any singer who opens her record "Sitting outside with a shot of Drambuie, contemplating lady love in the moonlight" has got my ear. Add a dash of greasy slide guitar to Deb Landolt's swampy, roadhouse voice and there's an air of anticipation for what's to come.Landolt is a powerful singer who was raised in the dirt of Texas blues. Today, she and the Drifter Kings hail from Ohio. Her strengths are obvious from the start. Her earthy vocals meld with Ritchie Hamrick's stylish guitar; and she writes with keen, songwriter's eye. At this writing, the CD is one of the five finalists in the Blues Foundation's Best Self Produced CD competition. And did I mention that the record is produced by Blues Mob's Michael Hill?Landolt is at her finest when she delivers "I'll Be The One," her ballad of personal heartache. As she uses the stage as her confessional to plead, the intensity of the suffering is articulated through her enormous expression. This highly personal delivery will touch every listener who has wished for love's total commitment.Another gem, "House On Fire" is a riveting tale told by a daughter of a Pentecostal who questions the black and white of an old time religious upbringing. A dark slide guitar frames Landolt's personal crossroads, in an eerie, midnight bayou. Her spoken testimony of a baptismal in the muddy waters completes the metaphor.Too many blues tunes focus on the "my man's left me" theme. Landolt's "What Kind Of Man" offers a slow blues call out to every man who has walked out on a child. Her mother's anger simmers, as she explains why daddy doesn't come around anymore. The saddest part is that too often this absentee father only raises another.Sparely recorded, "Lay My Body Down" starts like a front-porch field recording. By the middle, Landolt leads slide guitar and harmonica in a scorching, Mississippi hill country free for all.The record closes with Landolt and Hill joining forces on "Ride This Land," a Hill composition where a parent tells the child of the ideals that unite all of America. To succeed, any singer must deliver the story in a believable fashion. Landolt's achingly honest, torrid delivery captivates from the outset. These 11 originals sparkle like diamonds on a desert floor.
Independent music at its best.  Toby Walker is a true, unsung acoustic blues master.  He does it all here: swing, boogie woogie, a couple of very sexy slow blues, and some beautiful slide work.  He's not only a top-rung player, he's a rich and emotional blues vocalist.  Some of the songs are from the masters like Willie Dixon and Big Bill Broonzy, others are his arrangements of traditional songs, but six are original tunes many of which show off not only his playing but some hilarious lyrics full of innuendo.  An acoustic blues guitar must!
Arthur Moore is one of the best, if not the best, blues harp players in the Northwest.  His music ability and knowledge is second to none.
Shallowness For Hire is the second full length cd from indie funk rock trio If You Will. It includes most of the songs from their Above the Earth EP, but over half of this project is brand new material. The band has a much much more mature sound here than on their first cd. I love the energy of Take Me To Your Writer, the lyrics of Regrets, and the sheer brilliance of Saboteur. Well worth checking out this cd!
You won't be disappointed. This cd is not like anything I've ever heard so it's hard to compare it. I know I like it. 10 songs and all enjoyable. It is a mixture of blues, folk swamp and primitive. There are subtle nuances of chants in the background of some songs and foot stomping rhythm... and of course always tasty slide dobro work.I particularly liked Hard Road to Hoe, House of the Dying Sun, Dead and Gone, World's Longest Hot Dog. Black is the Night is the most straightforward song on the cd and the one most likely to get airplay.Here's Hard Road to Row which is being used as the Theme Song for Discovery Channels After the Catch 2010.
If you don't have this album and you love music then you need to hurry up! Brother Dege brings a fresh voice to the Dobro and slide guitar.
I wonderful album by an extremely talented singer/somgwriter that will probably remain out of the mainstream... too bad. We need more of them.
I first stumbled across Dege Legg while browsing youtube videos for Dobro Slide Blues. I watched his Dobro guitar solo which basically has a lot of tracks from this album performed live.I love the songs and the sound and have been a fan since. I hadn't actually realised this album had been released until I found it on Amazon US (Im in the UK). Great album enjoyed every song on it.More people need to listen to this.
This album is one of the best most heartfelt tributes to music I have ever heard. This is not just some musician going through the motions of recording, this is a human being expressing his soul through music. This album proves that not everything has to sound the same and taking music back to it's core and it's roots is what the industry needs. I love this album. I look forward to the next one!
Dege Legg is great. the music the lyrics & the message you dont know what youre missing if youve never listened. i have 2 of his CDs n love them both
Brother D. caught my attention, like so many others, on After the Catch (Deadliest Catch spinoff), as he plays is this years theme song. I just love his music and hope he comes out with more!!!
Great CD.  Really like the instrumentation. Like everything about it. Vocals, everything. Can't say why I like it, but it's really good
Even though this isn't really blues, it makes me think of the line in the movie Ghost World, where Enid asks Seymour if he has any more albums like the scratchy old blues record she just bought from him, and he tells her &#34;there are no other records like that&#34;. This is an original album that's accessible to the modern ear, but authentically old-time country at the same time. I could write pages and not adequately describe it. For ten bucks, just buy it and listen. You won't be sorry.
FOLK SONGS OF THE AMERICAN LONGHAIR is required listening. Just buy it, kick back in your shack or villa (or whatever) and prepare to get chilled into some unforgettable zones.  This is the work of a truly master songwriter. Dege Legg is my hero.  Fantastic, atmospheric, a wonderful gift for anyone into slide guitar and haunting songwriting.  --Stephen Eric Berry, SwarfBomb Records, LLC, Ann Arbor, MI.
I saw Brother Dege in New Orleans in November and he was fantastic! Had no knowledge of him before that show but I left a fan and came straight home and purchased this album. I love it! There is a beautiful depth to his music and everything weaves together beautifully. This was a big part of our road trip home playlist and I purchased it for my brother as well.
My only complaint is that I didn't discover this album sooner, despite seeding every music discovery engine that I use (Pandora, Slacker, etc.) with bluesy folk country artists for the past two years.  Brother Dege rips on the steel slide guitar, and his dirgey croon overflows with soul.
I'm glad I bought this. It's just what I expected, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes John Sinclair and the Pinkeye Orchestra.
If Jeff Daniels wasn't so well known for his acting, he would probably be equally as well known for his musical talents.  The collection contains both funny tunes that will make you smile and laugh, as well as more serious, beautiful pieces. If you are from Michigan, this is a must have, as the included native themes will bring you closer to home.  The scope of the music and the collaboration with Jonothan Hogan appeals to all generations and would be a great addition to any music library.
Give it a try! This guy IS Crankshaft! He puts his soul and rusty-rough blues into his music. Great Artist!
I first saw The Embers in 1964. They were appearing in a small armory in Southern Pines, NC. The place might have been small, but the show was huge. It was my first exposure to Carolina Beach music and shifted my musical taste forever. This album captures the feel of a live performance well. If you want to get the feel of being in a hot club dancing the night away, this is the one for you. The sound quality is first rate and the performances memorable.
this is one of the best blues recordings out there today, bar none !! just a very tight hard working band. chris's guitar work is over the top. kimbo's bass and vocals are right on. the whole band fits together nicely and they all take their musical ability to its extreme on this wonderful collection of original music!! don't pass this one up for sure !!!!!!
It's. Wonderful very very relaxing. Good music I love John lang music.blues is her to stay good good good good
Sybil wrote and performed every track, backed by some stellar musicians.  Each song has a distinct Louisiana vibe that is in her DNA since she is a New Orleans native. In fact, Joe Caruso who accompanies her on guitar is a New Orleans native as well, so the album is truly an eponymous collection because NOLA - New Orleans, LA - calls out on each selection.What I especially like about this album is Sybil's versatility as both a writer and vocalist. Some of her compositions, such as Don't Worry 'Bout Me", have a country feel that is more Louisiana bayou than city of New Orleans. Others, like "Champagne Daddy" are driving, jump blues style, and some are so contemporary that they seem destined to be future blues standards. Consider "Ding Dong Blues" references to cell phones. About that song - Jerry Hoff's clarinet gives it a definite early New Orleans  flavor, but Sybil's lyrics and Joe Caruso's Chicago blues style rhythms on guitar make the number hard to pin down.My favorite track is "NOLA Calling". I love the slow, bluesy feel and Sybil's phrasing.  I also love "Sigh", which is beautifully sung and backed by the other musicians. I particularly  like Leon Olguin's piano and "Stoney's" harmonica playing.Musicians are: Leon Olguin on piano (except for Balsa Bill Yerkes on NOLA Calling and Champagne Daddy), Smokin' Joe Caruso on guitar, a musician known as "Stoney" on Harmonica, Jerry Hoff on Clarinet and Dennis Thompspn on drums.As much as I love this album, it does not compare to Sybil Gage performing in person. Her energy on live performances, her wide repertoire, and non-stop performance cannot be captured in a recording. I've had the pleasure of seeing her on stage (with Leon Olguin on piano) at Heidi's Jazz Club in Cocoa Beach, FL and at the Thin Man Watts Jazz Festival in Deland, FL. Of course, not everyone can see her live, so this album is the next best thing.
Any art form, including music, has a tendency to mimic the real-life experiences of the artist, and Nashville based musician Shane Scheib is no exception.  After spending time overseas as a Missionary, studying at Jeff Berlin's Players School in Florida, starting a guitar club in New Zealand and salmon fishing in the Bering Sea Scheib, acting upon a suggestion of the boat's skipper, packed up his bags and moved to Nashville to pursue music fulltime.  The chameleon like nature that defines his life's story is directly reflected in his new release, the 6-song EP Genrelicious.  Each song represents a different side of the songwriter's musical background.  From jazz to country to industrial and beyond, it's all there on this eclectic collection of tunes.The album kicks off with the track "Bossa Sauce," which, though the title may suggest, is a little far removed from a traditional Bossa Nova track, but it is interesting nonetheless.  An instrumental, Scheib lays down a funky, Latin-based groove and then layers a single-note guitar line over top that develops throughout the song.  With the addition of some ear grabbing, rhythmic punches around the middle of the tune, the guitarist keeps the interest level flowing.  While it is a decent track, it may have been better served later in the playlist, but that's nitpicking for an EP.  If Scheib decides to extend this release into a full-length album then maybe that is a decision he would be forced to tackle, but that's a bridge to cross down the road.While Scheib studied jazz guitar during his formative years, his strengths seem to lie in the funkier, more rock-oriented tracks such as "Fung Ku" and "Indie Event."  ...the guitarist sounds right at home during these hard-driving numbers, digging deep into the pocket and laying down some very solid rhythm guitar work....Scheib can really wail and these tunes showcase his strong ability as a rock guitarist.  Not to be ignored is his tone, which ranges from lightly distorted on the first track and heavily industrialized on the latter.  By adjusting the level of his crunch, Scheib not only elevates the energy on these tracks, he also keeps the listener guessing as to what's coming next, a skill that any entertainer needs to succeed.Ever the musical chameleon, Scheib then picks up a banjo, grabs a microphone and delves into the country inspired, tongue in cheek song "Fee Free."  Showing his comical side, but with the musicianship to back it up, might have backfired for other artists, but Scheib pulls it off.  The song will put a smile on one's face, but also get their feet tapping at the same time, not an easy thing to pull off.  There's also a killer, though short, chicken picken' solo at the end of the track that definitely leaves one wanting more of this style of playing from the multi-faceted performer....Scheib is successful in showcasing the myriad of genres and styles that have influenced him over the years, and that he feels comfortable writing and performing in...  The EP lacks that cohesion that makes any great album successful, but it does provide a very detailed view into Scheib's musical world.  With this in mind the talented composer and performer could easily take any of these six songs, follow those particular genres out with 8 to 10 more tracks, and come up with six release-worthy albums.  After hearing what Scheib can do with an EP, one can only hope he takes these musical nuggets and sees them to fruition.Review by Matthew Warnock
Truman Holland has a soulful, raspy voice that is one of a kind. It's perfect to listen to when relaxing on a warm, summer night. Amazing music!
Julie Black always provides a stellar performance. I highly recommend this cd and her previous one as well.
From the very first song on this cd you know you are in for a treat.  The lyrics are witty and the acoustic music is great! Songs like "You are one sexy woman" and "Full-service lover" made me smile and laugh out loud at times. The songs are organized thematically into 3 sections reflecting the life lessons of the songwriter/performer: love, inspiration and the blues.I have no doubt this album will age well over years of listening!
Nathan can really play the blues. Love every track on Burning Road. All eight tracks rock. Take a listen and judge for yourself. You'll be a Nathan blues fan. When the blues come knockin at your door, let Nathan cheer you up.
You wouldn't believe it by simply looking at him, but baby-faced Blues guitarist Vincent Hayes is a 20-year veteran of the music industry. It's when you listen to Hayes and his band, The Vincent Hayes Project, that you realize how seasoned he is behind the mic, the guitar, and the pen. Michigan's The Vincent Hayes Project - made up of Hayes on guitar and lead vocals, David "The Butcher" Alves on bass, and Donnie Hugley on drums and percussion - made it to the semi-finals of the International Blues Challenge in both 2006 and 2007. Since then, they've become the hosts of the Sunday jam at Grand Haven, Michigan's Deelite, and produced their album Reclamation for North 61 Records.The album was produced by Glenn Brown on the Muscle Shoals Neve console, a device that owns it's own place in music history for being the board used in sessions by a who's-who of music royalty, including Eric Clapton, The Allman Brothers Band, and more. If it were for this simple fact alone, Reclamation would be worth checking out; but the music stands up, and that makes it all the better. The disc is filled with 70 minutes of all original music written by Hayes and captures a power trio at the height of their powers. Additional musicians enlisted for the Reclamation sessions include Christian VanAntwerpen on a variety of keyboards, including Hammond B3 and Wurlitzer. Steve "Doc" Yankee plays piano on the album.Things kick off with "Hit Me High, Hit Me Low," a swinging track with some terrific piano work right off the bat. The song kind of reminds me of a Texas Blues, which is interesting, because Hayes voice is similar, in my opinion, to Jimmie Vaughan. "Insecurities" starts with a thick groove from Alves and Hugley, before VanAntwerpen comes in, and finally, Hayes on guitar ahead of vocals. Hayes has said that he loves the old Blues, but having never lived those situations, he crafts songs that he has experienced in his life. It provides a realism to the band that you soon learn applies to everything that they do. The lyrics aren't forced, and neither is the playing. The music is natural."I've Got A Right To Change My Mind" is the first of two songs on Reclamation that are right around the 10 minute mark in length, the other being "Sone Kind of Fool." They're both slow burners. "I've Got A Right To Change My Mind" features Yankee's piano adding that little something extra to the song. "Some Kind of Fool" sees VanAntwerpen back behind the keys on a variety of instruments, wonderfully adding depth to the haunted emotion of the song. The lengthy guitar solo from Vincent Hayes is impressive, here, as well! The song as a whole features some of my favorite guitar work by Hayes on the entire album."Middle Man" is a great declaration song, laying it all on the line for the woman in the song. The tune is one of my personal faves on Reclamation and Vincent Hayes draws great tone out of his guitar on the track. Shout out to Donnie Hugley's drumming as the song hits its final minute or so. The playing throughout the entire disc is solid, but the way Hugley kills on the skins as "Middle Man" hits its climax is phenomenal. "Middle Man" is followed by "I Just Want To Get You High Tonight." This is the first track I featured from Reclamation on the radio show, and it left a big impression on some of the listeners, earning some almost instant feedback from a few members of the audience. The up-tempo number is pure fun, and if you're not six feet under ground, you'll want to hit the dance floor whenever it's played."Thank You Baby" is a really cool number featuring the recurring line "I want to thank you for giving me the Blues." Right on, brother. That's followed by "Double Talk," which starts off with a great bass line from "The Butcher" before the rest of the band comes in. The tune would fit in amongst some of the great, original Rock 'N' Roll classics, like "Johnny B. Goode;" ironic considering Chuck Berry's signature tune was the first song Vincent Hayes learned to play. Hayes does his take on the conversational guitar bit, too; a trick that never gets old. The afore-mentioned "Some Kind of Fool" is next on Reclamation. That's followed by the more Rock-y "Halfway Out the Door." The aspect of The Vincent Hayes Project that I pick up on is that, while there is a certain element of Rock in their music, I don't want to classify them amongst the Blues-Rock genre. I feel like their music is far enough away from the Rock element that VHP can be called simply a quality Blues band, and it seems like Vincent Hayes has worked hard to create music that way out of respect and passion for the genre.Reclamation wraps up with the instrumental "Sticky Thigh Jive ahead of the slide filled "You Can Take Your Troubles," a great closing number that is filled with Elmore James style licks.Reclaim the blues at blues411.com
Super Blues album  great musicianship , great stuff !!!! You won't be disappointed with this if you like Blues , crank it up !!
Mr.Hayes and crew have totally delivered with this album. "Middle Man" and "Insecurities" are bright and cleverly produced with flare and life honesty from the heart of Vince. The awarded blues band has become a staple in Michigan and any listener who stumbles upon these tracks will turn up the volume and sing along!
These guys are really big in Europe.  About time they were big in the USA.  Fabulous!  Vincent Hayes is a huge talent.  Writes the songs, plays lead guitar (hot licks), lead vocals.  The whole group is FAB!  Out of Grand Haven, Michigan.  If you love Blues/Rock - this is the one for you!!  Great songs, great music.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!
This cd is a must have for blues lovers.  The Vincent Hayes Project is amazing to see and hear in person but I equally loved the cd.  The vocals are excellent and the instrumentals are incredible.  They are a very talented group.  I can't wait for the next offering.
One of the greatest yet least recognized black rock guitarists of his age.....Reg was alos a highly accomplished drummer and you can best believe all the drum arrangements are his......few drummers that I know of had the ability to ride the hi hat with a groove like Reg.......my only regret is that I never got the chance to see him perform in recent years.....keep rocking in heaven Reg......keep on rocking
Not that there's anything wrong with that. I mean, I really miss Snaker Ray. It's just that when you listen to Willie McBlind, you need to adjust your attitude. I have both of their CDs (as far as I know, their only two), and you really have to listen to everything to appreciate their range. It's like Urszula Dudziak meets the North Mississippi Allstars. Although they can definitely hit a groove and give you some great driving music, there is another dimension here. Darius Milhaud and other classical musicians were inspired by jazz, and Willie McBlind is similarly inspired by the delta and Chicago blues and related genres. They deconstruct the blues in an abstract way, fully developing and appreciating the nonstandard intervals and metrics. Trying to keep up with their ideas will take your breath away and also deepen your appreciation of the original blues sources. I hope they release another CD soon. They are a unique item, for sure.
This is polka music with a fiddle added and sung in French: Zyedco. Great music, Great group (Mudbugs)If this was Dick Clarks' Bandstand: "I'd give it a 95 - Great beat, Great Dance Music.Play this at your next wedding.
This girl has got pipes...  Satin Doll.. I never knew the song had words...Your Mothers Son-in-Law ...Jazz up your joint and get this record...
Great music played by great musicians.  Run Little Jimbo is super and catchy that will have you singing along. If you get a chance to see them play, take it!  It will be definitely a fun time with excellent blues.
This is the Charlie Morris Band live in Switzerland, when they played at the Montreux Jazz Festival.I'm not always a big fan of live reocords, but this one is great because you hear some of the funny repartee with the crowd. It's always great to see "CMB" live because of the way they interact with the audience. They did release an earlier live CD that was recorded on a UK tour, but as good as that one was, I like What A Scene better.A couple of these songs are new ones, including the first song, Can't Do Nothin (a bouncy R&B; Style number), but most are also found on other studio CDs. I would recommend Still Got Em and then the new one Ten Tall Tales, and then to fill out your collection, or if you especially like live sets, then definitely buy this one!
This one will always be one of my favorites. The songs are so great, and the arrangements are so varied and interesting, that this CD holds your interest from start to finish.Some of the songs, including the title cut, feature a horn section, which gives a real uptown sound that Charlie's voice and slide guitar just fit right in. I finally figured out that the photos on the front and back cover tell the story of this song, where he was rich and then lost all his money (but then where did he find the money to pay for a horn section? Hmmm...)My favorite, and all my friends agree, is Mr Miracle Meets His Match. Here we have a typcial macho bluesman bragging about his virility ("I can make love to you ladies in 16 seconds time" and Sandy Atkinson and Sugar n Spice just have me laughing out loud as they try to put him in his place. It's women's blues for sure.Too many great moments on this CD to list: TC Carr plays red hot blues harp on 2 songs, Frankie J does a hilarious trombone solo, with Charlie's sophisticated guitar playing throughout.A classic for any Charlie Morris fan!
I first decided to listen to Art Pepper after Michael Connelly had Harry Bosch listening to and thinking about his records. I tried some of the samples, and HAD to buy this particular album. The jazz on this album is very accessible, not being filled with avant garde music, which I find hard to relate to. If jazz is something you already enjoy, or would like to begin to explore, I highly recommend this record and the whole &#34;Unreleased Art&#34; series. By the way, Art Pepper played saxophone(he's been dead for a while) and when I get a little more money I'm going to spend some of it on more of his beautiful music.
Here is another gem from Art and the boys.  This stands out as one of my favorite concert albums (when paired and completed by part 1).
Great music, spanning the years of Hi & Dry (as a studio?) I can't wait for the 4 dc box set that Dana and Billy put together
This CD is awesome.  If you are into discovering breakout artists and adding new music to your collection, check this out.  You won't be disappointed.  I listen to it often.
Love the bluesy harmonica and that tinge of Bonnie Raitt.  Great band with simple, straight forward music. Very easy on the ears.
This is an excellent album of fiddle and resonator guitar.  Del Rey is a fabulous finger style guitarist and she makes the resonator sing.
I listen to this on my Walkman and just love it! Every song is a great! You can't go wrong with this one.
this a killer cd love the arrangement of each song  good shagging  dance the night away.  I would like to know if they have cds all the way from no. 1  to no.14 &  what are they about?
Bought for a NC native who spent his teenage summers at OD when he and his buddies could afford gas to get there.  Loved the music and made him relive the great memories he had at Myrtle in the 60's.
Seriously, I f***ing love this record. I read about the Dead Rabbits in Performer Magazine, and the article gave them props for making the record DIY so they could keep it as gritty as they wanted to without some label hack smoothing out their tracks until they sounded like wet baby sh**. Not these guys, this record is raw and balls, but the hooks are so damn catchy too they could definitely get radio play if some DJ would actually grow a pair and quit playing Phoenix every seven minutes. It's like the Black Keys' younger brothers got a hold of their instruments and put some blues-metal on wax in a dirty garage. It's like if the Rolling Stones and Black Sabbath made a baby in a Waffle House bathroom at 3am. This album is exactly the kind of rock I was looking for and I'm so glad I'm the first on my block to know about them. Thanks for the ear snacks Dead Rabbits, now come play my town!
I have been following Big Al Carson since an early age. I went home for my birthday and wasn't satisfied until I went to the Funky Pirate to hear Big Al Carson and the Blues Masters. I was glad to see some of his original members in the band. He moves the crowd w that Nawlins voice and singing. He caters to his supporters. This album is my 3rd of his. It reminds me of old school songs I used to hear w one of my favorite singers singing. I love Big Al Carson. Please make it to the French Quarters to hear him live. I guarantee you would love it.  Precious
this group is just amazing...check them out..if you like honest to goodness blues and you're not afraid to check out something new
Rolli & Tumblin' are various recordings of R.L. Burnside's Classic material! Nothing really new here but fantastic renditions (some of the songs have three different takes!)of R. L. basic repertoire. Pure Delta/Mississippi Hill Country Blues and boogie. R.L. vocals are top notch and the guitar style is a dictionary for what is called North Mississippi Hill country Blues!
Just to hear some music that is clear and soft and thatMakes you groove to the sounds of a throwback sound.
Very good album, wide variety from fast to slow to rockin. Things are changing is an excellent song. Clark can play guitar.
Gary Clark Jr. makes his songs bleed tears.  This album is amazing, a modern day Jimi Hendrix, glad to had discover him on Eric Clapton's Crossroads Guitar Concert.  I also disagree with the previous reviewer, I've been listening to this album for about a week now and the quality is superb.  Definitely would pick this album up.You gonna know his name!
Wow Where has Clark been hiding? You'll hear every great guitarist in his songs yet he has his own unique style.
Gary Clark Jr. is amazing and it was easy to buy this ep so that I could listen to it on my iPod
I also have to disagree with the other poster, I downloaded the MP3s and the quality was just fine. I've been really enjoying the album, I'm very impressed by his range of styles. Worthy album and I look forward to seeing what he comes up with in the future!
If you like  William Clarke  you will like Dennis Gruenling, If you like  little Walter you will like  Dennis Gruenling,, if you like any type of  harp  you will like, no love ,, Dennis Gruenling  he plays every type of harp  and style  he is a true master of the mouth blaster
Bob Ward is a first-rate storyteller, at once personal and universal. His narratives feature hard luck lovers in songs like "Not Quite a Cowboy," "Don't Show Me That," "Who Do I Have to Fight?" and "Back Seat Love." They also offer personal stories of loss and learning in "Sharkskin Suit," about a friend who loses his battle with drugs, and "My Father's Son," a remarkable piece of autobiographical insight that extends its introspection into a powerful analysis of the state of the union.First, an admission. I have known Bob Ward for well over forty years (since high school). When I started performing and writing, Bob, who attended the same high school that I did, was already an idol of mine. Bob, though only a year older, emceed the first open-mics at which I played. When my younger brother, Tucker McMullen, left home at 17 to play music, he left to play with Bob Ward. They were a remarkable duo, think Jackson Browne and David Lindley or Jerry Jeff Walker and David Bromberg (On YouTube you can see seven videos that I shot and edited of the reunion of Bob and Tucker after 30 years, including two songs from this album--"My Father's Son" and "When My Baby Comes Home"); later, Bob expanded the group to a trio (quartet...quintet...sextet with Dancing Havanas) and became Bob Ward and the Cigar Band. This band had many configurations, one of which included keyboardist Mitchell Froom of record production fame (Bonnie Raitt, Crowded House, Richard Thompson, Elvis Costello, etc.) On this recording, Not Quite a Cowboy, Bob is joined by the wonderful vocalist, Maryann Price (of the Hot Licks), and great guitarist and vocalist, Peter Spelman.Pardon the cliche, but Bob really is a songwriter's songwriter, a consummate wordsmith. He does not sound like anyone, yet he has witty, good-time songs that out-clever Dan Hicks or John Sebastian (see "When My Baby Comes Home," and "Who Do I Have to Fight"). He has pensive songs with colorful, precise details akin to Guy Clark or Danny O'Keefe ("Not Quite a Cowboy," "Sometimes I Imagine," "Don't Show Me That"). The comparisons to O'Keefe and Clark are also apt due to Bob's ever clever turn of phrase. One of his most interesting pieces, "Sometimes I Imagine," offers an indescribably unique style that has a lurching, harmonica driven blues feel with a Garrison Keillor-like meandering series of observations. You really have to hear it to get the idea.Bob Ward is truly unclassifiable. I tend to identify all the players I've mentioned above, including other great songwriters like Cheryl Wheeler, Marc Cohn, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Jesse Winchester, John David Souther, Michael Martin Murphey, Shawn Colvin, Jimmy Buffett, Mac McAnally, Lyle Lovett, Townes Van Zandt, as fundamentally "folk" singers, and Bob Ward falls under that meaning of folk. Notice the eclectic nature of those writers just mentioned and you will recognize quite a wide-ranging and disparate group. This is true of Bob's work as well: There are strains of folk, rock, blues, country, and pop (in the best sense); strains of Whittier, Prescott, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Memphis, Chicago, Nashville, and Tin Pan Alley--All the best strains, I might add. Give him a listen and see for yourself!"The Greatest Threat to Democracy is Hypocrisy! Seek Truth! Speak Truth"Tim McMullen
Great sound, great voice, and something to say! What Do I see is a terrific song! Hope to see Trash Can Trio at the blues festival! thumbs up
Big Boy Henry, the true Patriarch of North Carolina Blues scene, cut this album after thirty years of being in obscurity.Big Boy should've performed at annual Charleston Blues Festival in 1993 together with Dave Peabody who flied from London. "Let's get together and see what happens, see if we can get a good CD on Big Boy while we've got everyone in town", Gary Erwin, later producer of the album, suggested. They started and then, after the close of festival, Big Boy and friends did not stop and continued perform to cut 22 tracks in two days, 14 of which appear on Carolina Blues Jam. Big Boy is in excellent form and performs with musicians twice younger than him with same energy and dynamism. It's fantastic jam, music performed by the person who not only sings but lives the Blues as well. You will feel it.All compositions on this album are written and/or arranged by Big Boy except "Talkin' With Mr. Henry #1" written by Big Boy and Dave Peabody.Personnel: Big Boy Henry - vocals; Chicago Bob Nelson - harp, vocals; Dave Peabody - acoustic guitar, vocals; Sandra Hall - vocals; Gary Erwin - piano, washboard, vocals; Jay Niver - drums, vocals.pastblues.com
This is an outstanding album from a great Blues musician in the St. Louis, MO Blues scene for 4 decades.  This covers much of his songbook from those years.
I'm  going thru some things with my man not being at home with me enough, so when I heard this song ...... It made me stand up and say Ain't gone be Alone no more!
I've found out that this girl & band has been around for more than 20 years, & it shows in their performance - this girl can sing the blues, & the band flows along very well.When I first heard this at a friend's house, I knew I had to get it. But I can't find any of her music CDs anywhere. Why? Is she on bad terms with the suppliers?!?Regardless, if you are a vintage blues collector or newly discovering an affection to blues, find this CD & listen. This is how blues is to be heard.
Reba Russell has exactly the right kind of voice for a female blues singer and uses it to good effect on the 15 songs here. Her musicians support her well and also get plenty of scope to show their skills, especially via generous instrumental breaks. I am not familiar with any of the songs from other sources so they might all be originals, but I cannot confirm that.The album gets off to a great start with Toolbox blues, although I wonder what the song is really about. Maybe it is deliberately left to listeners to interpret as they feel. The standard set by that track is sustained throughout the album.Gonna move to Mississippi, a song about Reba's dislike of Tennesseans, is intriguing. She seems to not even like Memphis, even though she concedes it is the city of the blues. Not having been there (or anywhere else in America), I'm in no position to comment from experience, but this song presents a different perspective from what I usually hear in songs about Tennessee.There are so many great songs here that it's a wonder why Reba Russell isn't more famous.
I love female singers in general but I can't get enough of Reba Russell in particular. She knows how to add energy and emotion to her vocals, and as a bonus, provides pithy messages--sometimes a bit too raw--for those with genteel sensibilities. I prefer a bit more innuendo, but you can't beat Reba Russell for belting out the blues. Give me more!
Great approach to a nice, catchy tune.  Simple, well done guitar work with (what I think) is a guitar duet near the end of Cyclone.  Listen closely....I like Jimmy D. and with his Lady on this tune, it's real good.Thanks Jimmy and Bev!
Remember that song from "Fried Green Tomatoes" about the barbeque, when Ruth and Idgie opened the cafe?  Who would have guessed it was about, um, selling something else?These songs are really old, and you can hear the record scratches on a few of them (but the songs are still good quality).  Please don't be put off by the title.  OK, it is about street walkers, but it's also some of the best blues I've ever heard.
Back in the 70s, an incredible, now hard-to-come-by album called "Stars of the Apollo Theatre" introduced me to artists I'd only heard of. Among them was Bessie Smith whose "Give Me a Pig Foot And A Bottle of Beer" turned me into a fan. Soon after, I did a small college concert and included that number. Blue-eyed white boy or not, I couldn't resist singing it. I can't believe it took me so long to buy more by her until I ran into it here. It's naughty as it ought to be and the double entendres will have you grinning.  It's a pretty decent recording too considering what they must have had to work with. In other words, any lack of quality expected of modern recordings of today's artists didn't distract me at all.
Get ready to hear a fun set of songs infused with Country, Rock, and Blues on the terrific album, "Songs To Catch Fish With," by Chuck Buser. Singer/songwriter and also versatile guitarist, Chuck Buser, takes his love for fishing and crafts some delightfully amusing melodies. His sense of humor shines through as you listen to his trials and tribulations on a fishing trip. This CD would be great to play on your own group fishing trip and it will certainly have people laughing in no time. The song, "Shoulda Been Here Yesterday," has a nice Country flavor, bouncy beats, and truly humorous lyrics. "No Fish Blues," is an upbeat Bluesy song that offers lyrics that any fisherman can relate too. Taking an edgy Rock feel, "Get That Fish," is another enjoyable song that spins a tale of fishing. Buser will reel you in with his latest album, "Songs To Catch Fish With," as these tunes are amazing witty and absolutely entertaining.  Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team
If you are a fan of "Oh,Brother Where Art Thou?", you will love this album.  Very good, old time "bluesy" gospel sung very well.
Good people doing good work in very tough times in New Orleans for all the right reasons. The music is eclectic and excellent.
This album is a re release of an album made in the year 2000 which then only had five tracks, this special anniversary reissue has included a lot more great tracks bringing the track count to over twenty.  The New Orleans Musicians Clinic is a clinic set up to help musicians & artists with health problems that have no health insurance & little money.  The profits from this album go to support the clinic.The music on this compilation contains music from very well known New Orleans musicians such as Dr John, The Funky Meters,Art Neville & Big Chief sax man Donald Harrison.  It also contains music by several excellent but semi unknown artists like Bonerama & Blu Lu Barker plus many more.  All the music on this album could be categorized as R&B; or even Blues with some funk thrown in.  My personal favorite tunes from this album is &#34;Lester's Methadone Clinic' which unfortunately I haven't been able to find out who performs it.  &#34;Louisiana Medicine Man&#34; has Dr John doing vocals in a duet with a female vocalist who's name I also don't know but she has an appealing voice that mixes well with Dr John's.  &#34;Lost My House&#34; by the trombone infused funk rock group known as Bonerama.  My only negative comment would be that they didn't reissue this new anniversary edition on CD only MP3, especially with such a cool album cover that would of looked great as a CD
I picked this up as a whim and wow this is the greatest.  Really Rocks man.  Hope he puts out more music cause I really love this.
Whether playing with his own band or joining with others like Washboard Chas, Andy J. Forest is one of NOLA's best blues men. Any time I'm near the Spotted Cat on Frenchmens Street I pop in to see if he's on the bill. I bought one of his CDs from him at the SpottedCat, then found all his other releases on Amazon. Fantastic!
This woman has an amazing and compelling voice.  She can be soft and sultry or powerful and captivating,You will not be disappointed with this album and will be wanting more from Jeannie!
Sophia's vocals are just phenomenal in this album and I can't wait to see her live at the Dakota Jazz Club in Mpls this week!  Her rendition of "In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning" is exquisite in detail, wistful, and whimsical. Many songs on this album are classics, and she performs them in a way that is unique, but pays homage to previous artists that have sung them. At times her voice is similar to Norah Jones', but Sophia has a higher range and, as a previous reviewer notes, can be more lyrical.
Several cuts on this CD are among my favorites including &#34;Long as you're living&#34; and &#34;Everybody Knows.&#34;  If you like jazz vocals, this CD is great.
First of all, I don't know where the 'explicit' tag comes from. There is nothing explicit in this soundtrack. It's an odd mix of 20's jazz and 2000's Indo-tech. And you can't beat the price. If you are here you have most likely seen the movie, so I won't go into details. Buy it!
Loved the movie so much I had to buy the music. It's important to support independent filmmakers. Great quality and great combination, blues songs and music from India.
AMZN, get your act together and take the explicit label off of this awesome record, which is about as explicit as Prokofiev's 3rd piano concerto.Others, you can (legally) download it for free at [...]. Amazon doesn't display the "Creator Endorsed" mark here, so I'm not sure the artists get a cut when you purchase; however, It's also entirely possible that the people in charge here are totally confused about free culture and just don't know what to do here.
I can't figure out who's selling this - it theoretically could be some CDBaby related thing, from which we the creators get no money because CDBaby is a byzantine and dysfunctional corporation. May I request fans just download it for free on archive.org? Just search for "Sita Soundtrack" and you'll find it, all free. Share it with friends! Then you can send me or the musicians a donation if you want. Thanks!
I listen to this album all the time - it makes me feel happy! Whenever I'm stressed out, I turn to this music.
Just some of the combinations that make this collection great:Harmonica & Resonator guitarHarmonica & Resonator guitar & acoustic bassHarmonica & Resonator guitar & acoustic bass captured live!Harmonica & Resonator guitar & acoustic bass captured live doing Django Reinhardt, Robert Johnson, Dylan and the Beatles (and other stuff too)
Levy is arguably the best diatonic harmonica player of all time.  This album showcases this amazing harpist's talent splendidly.Bravo!
When I found this album, I was instantly intrigued.  Joanne Shaw Taylor's "Diamonds in the Dirt" is one of the best albums I've heard in the past year.  The high-energy "Jump That Train" will infuse you with an inexorable desire to get up and move.  Her guitar style is somewhat reminiscent of Stevie Ray Vaughn, and although she is considered a blueswoman, her riffs have the drive and power of Led Zeppelin. With well-thought lyrics represented by no other Blues artists that I have ever listened to, a strong voice, and amazing guitar skills, Joanne Shaw Taylor makes this album a winner.In conclusion, buy it!
I heard her on a friend of mines ipod, just had to get her name and find her music, she has a great voice and her music choice is perfect for her, love it
Best blues guitar licks I've heard since Bloomfield/Bishop in the old Butterfield Blues Band.  And surly growling vocals to put The Pearl to shame.  All in all, this and her first disc, are the best blues I've heard in a long, long time. Buy them, NOW.
This lady can play that guitar and sing. She is a top shelf entertainer who I hope has a long career in the music business.
I really think the producers need to get away from the 3-4 minute mindset with some dreadful fade-outs. Some of the tracks on this album are spoilt with fade-outs when Joanne is demonstrating her brilliant guitar style. Having said that, what a marvelous talent Joanne is with both tough and soulful lyrics and playing.
I'm no expert and know nothing about the technical aspect of music.  But, I've loved the blues since my teens, before I knew what the blues was even about.  I can't recall the last time I've seen this much soul in a young bluesician.  I saw her perform at the Heritage Music Fest in Wheeling, WV this past August.  This girl plays it from her core.Joanne can flat out play the blues.
This is not only Joannes second album but my second to buy. It has some songs that have been called rock? "Can't Keep Living Like This" might be rock but if it is it's the best I've heard in recent years. "Dead and Gone", "Let It Burn", "Jump That Train" are very good new tunes, keeping with her great guitar playing. The title song "Diamnods in the Dirt" is smooth, and her vocals go with the flow."World On Fire" gives another great guitar solo.All in all, I really like this album. And think it's a great follow up album, she continues to grow but not stray away from her "style".
Great second CD from Joanne, same incredible guitar and vocal as her debut. This young lady has written, performed and released two CD's that I would recommend to anyone. We anxiously await the next release and hope to see her tour to the Western US soon.
JST popped onto my internet radio and I jumped to see what new song this was by Christine Ohlman (whom I think she sounds like)--(although my wife thinks she sounds more like Dale Rossington) , to my surpise it was JST plus she was destroying the guitar LITERALLY!!!, I have not heard anyone grab me this way since the 60's, when music was powerful, she is the perfect melding of Hendrix and Vaughn with some Waters and Guy thrown in for good measure, get White Sugar and this cd now, this lady's star is about to blast off.
Joanne Shaw Taylor's second CD is just plain terrific, over and over again! I'll be playing it many times and sharing it with others many times. Her self-written tunes have compelling attitide, she plays engrossing guitar solos, sings convincingly in fine balance with the bass and drums, the rhythmic lines are fresh and solid, and the group benefits from an excellent mixing and monitoring staff. As a result, this CD soars! I would love it if she added a sax to a track or two on her next CD, making an already excellent album a "world class" event.
This chick is blazing hot on a telecaster, so hot I got the blisters off her fingers. She is a female Jimmy Page. If you like blusey rock stuff you would love this. Buy and support this artist let the music take you away.
'Diamonds In The Dirt' is the second stunning album by spiraling blues star Joanne Shaw Taylor who is again given licence to thrill on her Fender Telecaster at Bessie Blue Studios in Tennessee with legendary producer Jim Gaines who records 10 new breathtaking original gems featuring Steve Potts on drums, Dave Smith on bass, Rick Steff on keyboards.'Diamonds In The Dirt' captures Joanne Shaw Taylor on fire with a collection of love songs expressing her hopes and fears forged from crash and burn experiences on her journey through life since her widely acclaimed debut album White Sugar. Cue acoustic guitar and deep smoky vocals like the quiet before a storm on 'Can't Keep Living Like This' and wait for the whirlwind to follow that emanates straight from her scorching Fender Telecaster and thunderous rhythm section that simply blow you away! Nearly two years on from her last outing and this young lady needs to get a lot off her chest as she exorcises the past with 'Dead And Gone' and sings of finding "New life in this fight" on 'Same As It Ever Was' before moving into overdrive and telling of a brave new world on 'Jump That Train' that is a real bone shaker! 'Who Do You Love' delivers some her finest guitar licks to date leading into the title track 'Diamonds In The Dirt', a love song which brings her smoky voice to the fore that is winning awards like Best British Female Vocalist at the 2010 British Blues Awards and it's fair to say adding female musician and songwriter to that accolade wouldn't be far from the truth!Joanne Shaw Taylor attributes the heavier sound on this album largely to her now living in Detroit and 'Let It Burn' and 'World On Fire' aptly demonstrate that influence rocking you to the core with the latter using a similar baseline to the chord structure found on 'Kiss The Ground Goodbye' off her previous album White Sugar. 'Lord Have Mercy' is perhaps the defining moment here though as Taylor presses the self destruct button crying out... "I'm going down so slow" and "It's hope that deserts me" while exploding into some of the heaviest virtuoso lead guitar we have come to witness from her yet, that may provide a clue as to which direction she is heading musically... amazing stuff! Having survived the storm... Taylor shows her acceptance of 'The World And It's Way' in a slow soulful tune that softly brings this session to a satisfying close.'Diamonds In The Dirt' goes a long way to fulfilling the hype and expectation surrounding Joanne Shaw Taylor who continues to fascinate her audience by remaining natural and true to herself (which is part of her appeal), although one can't help but sense that the best is still to come and no doubt somewhere down the road she will make the cut and shine like the diamond she truly is... bring it on!
Joanne Shaw Taylor is an original. Her guitar playing is full of energy, poetry and soulful blues licks. This CD is technically better than White Sugar. It captures more of the electricity of her live performances, which I have witnessed in person. She is the real deal. Buy this CD if you like music, if you love blues and if you want a truly unique experience from a stellar player.
After hearing her perform at Western MD blues festival I had to buy. After buying I was even more impressed. I think she has a very bright future as a blues musician.
Music was great.  Loved each song.  She has a great voice.  Have bought  two of her cd's and will buy more.
I bought White Sugar by Joanne Shaw Taylor (previous Album) after reading good reviews on Amazon as I'm always looking out for talented musicians like her and one reviewer wrote this lady can really play guitar and she sure can so been looking out for her music and nothing till now with another Great Album : Diamonds in the Dirt " a Well Recorded CD Playing & singing 10 blues rock guitar tracks : Can't Keep Living Like This , Dead and Gone , Same as it Never Was , Jump That Train , Who Do You Love ? , Diamonds in The Dirt , Let it Burn , World on Fire , Lord Have Mercy & The World And I'ts Way , Recommended .
Loved the first album, White Sugar, from JST.  After the first few times through, this latest is great.  Can't say it is better just yet, but it could be, I have to let it soak in.  Saw her live, in a small club in Orlando, and none of the amazing guitar work is studio magic, she absolutely kills. If you love guitar and/or the blues, you want her albums.
I stumbled upon Joanne Shaw Taylor's first CD "White Sugar" a while back and liked it so much I decided to see if she was on YouTube.  WOW! Its just her, a base player and a drummer. She sings and plays blues and rock with so much heart and soul I was stunned. I've seen and heard all the great lady blues artists around today, but Joanne Shaw Taylor is over the top. Great vocals and FANTASTIC guitar. Then I saw her in a small club in San Francisco and was blown away. She's one of the hottest talents I've ever seen. Her second CD "Diamonds in the Dirt" is just as good as the first. She plays all over Europe and is just getting discovered here, but soon she will be a household name. Check her out on YouTube and you'll see what I mean.
Joanne Shaw Taylor is like a Diamond! After making her first super CD, it will always be difficult to make number two! But once again great guitar blues from Joanne!
This is an excellent CD. This is the 2nd CD I have of hers and its by far the best. I like the selection of songs on this CD
Anyone that loves Blues and soulful singing will find something to like about this CD.  She sings with feeling and passion beyond her years.  The title track quickly became one of my favorite songs to listen to.
Great songwriter and guitarist.  Would love to see her perform live.  Also looking forward to more from Joanne Shaw Taylor.
Singing good, playing superb.  I heard chords all through her stuff(not touched by many), that were a pure tribute to T-Bone Walker.  That did the job for me.  She is special
Listen.  This is really excellent.  If you want to listen to "pure" blues, I appreciate that, but if there is no deviation from the raw basics, you'll just hear some song that has been done and heard a million times.  This woman has a real blues soul, but has written something original as well.  I admit, I would hate to see her next album develop into an over-produced, canned cross-genre piece that seems to be all too much of a danger these days, but this particular album is way on the safe side of that.  Blues must live on with new voice and new perspective, but still be recognizable as the real thing.  This album succeeds.  It is beautiful and powerful.
While a slick background player in the movie "Remembering Phil," setting tone and adding flavor to both drama and comedy alike, the music here stands tall all by itself.  I may not be savvy to what critics listen for, but I have quite a few jazz albums shuffling through my iPod, and this soundtrack serves as a wonderful compliment.Stark piano notes and cymbal play in cuts like "Debbie Explains" bring to mind rain-soaked streets after a storm, reflecting neon signs in a moonlit night.  A little mysterious.  A little dangerous.  And altogether cool.Elsewhere, as in "Phil's Theme" and "The Bar," the bass and horns reverberate with the keys to create a modern noir vibe that would be equally at home in a 1940's Hollywood dive bar or new-millennium Silver Lake hole-in-the-wall.Quite impressive really.  Now I have to hit the internet and see what other little slices of magic Nic. Tenbroek has out there.
Wow, if you're looking for an indie band that covers a lot of ground, enjoy the Pie. ;) I found them searching for the music (it's the song Yo Se) I heard in a Ford Fiesta commercial - apparently Pie's singer Ellie is an actress or model or something too... So glad I found that song Yo Se, but I was surprised the whole CD didn't all sound like that song. I guess I was expecting a bunch of Latin/Spanish songs.so, my first listen to the CD wasn't what I expected, but I found myself listening to it again and again. Wow, some of those songs REALLY get stuck in your head (Everything happens for a reason, for instance). Pour Me is a really cool blues track, Broken Guitar is just.... hauntingly beautiful, and Excuses is really humourous. Like I said, this band covers a lot of ground. There is another Latin/Spanish track on the CD too, Una Fuerza, which, as appears to be the Pie way, doesn't sound like anything else on this CD! ;) It's a very well done track though.I'm not sure who Pie is or where they come from, and they are truly they are hard to describe. However, give them more than just one listen, and I'd certainly recommend Pie to anyone who colors outside the lines.
This recording is killer. This recording includes a few originals as well as a number of old blues standards and a few "classic" pieces. Sam takes a very broad look at the blues with a jazz, funk blues take with jaw dropping instrumentals. Only the Allman Brothers "Southbound" is even slightly predictable. I have been listening to this recording pretty much non stop for a few days and it's just great! Each song is a great opportunity for the extremely talented band to stretch out into long jam interludes. Now by long I don't mean boring. I mean intense and jam packed. Sam, who plays a mean guitar and sings is joined by Jordan Scannella on Bass and vocals (wow!!) and Akira Nakamura on drums. This band is really stacked and it really hits a groove!
Blow Top Blues is a brilliant Album Compilation ranging from the Style of Dinah Washington, and Tony Bennett, to Ray Charles and Aretha Franklin. Besides Cover Versions the CD also includes a few of Jean Shy's own compositions. The Songs were recorded with the three main Bands that Jean Shy has been performing with in Europe for many years. The "Friends" on this CD are: Shy's own Band The Shy Guys (Germany), The Climax Band Cologne (Germany), and the JBBO (Jazz Band Ball Orchestra, Poland). Three of the Tracks were produced by Michael McGregor for one of Jean Shy's Solo Albums. Last but not least, a powerful re-mastering of all Tracks was done by Mastering great Bob "Big Bottom" Lanzner, from Technovoice Productions, Studio City, CA.Altogether this CD makes up a superb, and unique Album that shows off that the "Blues" burns in Jean's veins, no matter what style of the Blues she sings.
If you like good electric blues you will love John Primer. This man can PLAY!!!! I highly recommend this CD.
Love local acts!  Lot of passion in her voice!  I would recommend this to anyone who likes soulful music with great percussion!
Strong vocals, tight band, and catchy songwriting makes this debut CD shine.  Very soulful and heartfelt.  The music moves from fun, funky, feel good tunes ("I've Got Reasons", "Your Thing Ain't No Good") to sultry low key tunes including the ballad "Do I Ever Cross Your Mind". Definitely something I will be listening to for awhile!
From the first track through the last track this CD had me. The singer has great range, power, and control - a terrific voice. The vocals are backed by a band that is soulful and funky. I can't wait to hear more from Soul Alley.
This album features some of the best musicians in Vegas coming together in the Boogieman Band.  This album rocks from top to bottom with live Blues, RnB and just generally rockin' good party music.John Earl provides great vocal work and a kickin' harmonica.  Jr Brantley plays the keyboards and adds the basslines at the same time.  Knockout stuff!  Then you have Chris Tofield on guitar.  This guy is an ace.  Awesome solo on Biker Mama.All in all, this is album you want to play to get your feet tappin' and your soul moving.Check these guys out live if you're in the Vegas area - worth the price of admission!
You can't go wrong with a Boogieman Band CD! But I think that this one is my favorite. John Earl and the Boys Rock!!!!
This is absolutely my favorite cd! I love the Neil Simon sound of Kyle's voice. The harmony is perfect, the lyrics touch the soul and the acoustics leave you wanting to hear more. I never get tired of listening to it. It you enjoy something with a unique sound, that will appeal to all ages and lovers of various genres of music - check this out! You won't be disappointed.
johnnylee hooker is the blues,great set of his music.he is missed blues men are getting old and leaving us.these guys play til they die.thats what makes them so good.
This is the best album Ten Years After never made. I am highly biased having written many of these songs with Joe and Leo.It will be a much sought after classic in a few years. This record rocks.
I like to put this on and crank the volume up when it is just me at work, drift away to another era, and sink into John Lee Hooker's rich, expresive voice.
If you play jazz guitar or are a fan of the guitar in jazz you will love this CD.  Frank plays a variety of songs solo with a pick (plectrum) on a 1960s Barker archtop guitar.  His performance is equal parts fire and beauty that will leave the listener wanting more.  There is a depth to his playing that beckons you back for another listen again and again and there is something for every level of player to enjoy and learn from.  Frank offers fans of the classics such as Somewhere Over The Rainbow, As Time Goes By, Stardust, and There Will Never Be Another You a fresh interpretation of these beloved tunes.  The sound achieved at S.P.A.C.E. in Evanston, IL is intimate and the rich tones of the guitar are captured with a perfect balance of guitar mic and DeArmond Rhythm Chief pickup.  A must have for fans of Joe Pass, Barney Kessel, Tal Farlow, etc.
Great Blues Album!! Great selection of music. Cannot get enough of the blues. Great songs to Party to. 5 stars!!!1
I came across this review written by Rhonda Readence former contributor for Exciting City Magazine:If you're looking for a good dancing song this Holiday Season, Randy Scott's "Sugar Daddy Santa Claus" is it. With screaming guitar work and a rockabilly swing vibe, this track is full of energy, humor and a killer sound. Blues, jazz and swing all make an appearance during this piece and the composition is exceptional. Want to liven up a Holiday party? Turn up the,volume, clear the dance floor, and crank "Sugar Daddy Santa Claus."
Great collection, not the most famous songs- which is what I was looking for and all good sound and voice quality. Put it on every morning when I start up the charcoal smoker and keep this collection on repeat all day and night.
If you want some real homegrown NOLA music, Professor Longhair is da man! All songs are great! I highly recommend!
There are few blues musicians left out there who carry the Muddy Waters deep blues feel in their blood.  Paul Oscher is one of them, and that fact is crystal clear throughout "Bet On The Blues". Playing guitar, harmonica and piano, Oscher tells the deep blues story on every cut, and the music has a certain something that you can't put your finger on, but you know is missing from most modern blues CDs. My favorites are his unique bass harp version of "'Round Midnight" and the striking "Ida Mae" with it's killer guitar sound that has overtones I guarantee you've never heard before. But every cut on this CD is a gem, including Oscher's hilarious reminiscence about a personal encounter with the great Little Walter. I understand this CD was just nominated for a 2011 Blues Music Award. It is surely a strong contender to win.
Paul Oscher would deserve more recognition. This CD contains mostly downhome Blues as well as some jazz and gospel tracks, and the result is outstanding.  Oscher shines on harp especially, with the help of Big Eyes Smith on drums and Kid Andersen on bass, who contribute to shape the right atmosphere. In time of economic crisis, your money is well spent with the purchase of this CD.
Paul Oscher - Bet On The Blues (Limited Edition) Blues in Britain MagazineBlues Fidelity VJMCD1004-LTD"Collectors Limited Edition Unmastered Roughs Explicit Language - Recorded live and in the studio" - if you are a lover of Chicago and downhome blues what more could you ask for than a recording with that description from one of the true greats of the blues .... Paul Oscher.Oscher's tenure with Muddy Waters revealed a harmonica player of true quality and inspiration - an artist who respected tradition but was able to permeate it with his own talent and personality - a trait that has been transposed into a series of solo recordings that have resonated with a deep blues feel that few other artists can hope to match.  And, I am not just talking about Oscher as a harp player, but also as a vocalist, guitarist and pianist.After that build-up you would expect this set to be something special .... And it is.  From the opening rendition of "Wee Baby Blues" with it's "in the alley" piano and wistful vocals to the harp and guitar fuelled "River Of Jordan" which melds elements of Gary Davis and Sonny Terry, this set delights with every track and in truth every note.The stunning simplicity and beauty of Oscher's rendition of Thelonius Monk's "Round Midnight" where his plaintive vocals are complemented to perfection by his bass harp, Kid Anderson's bass and Willie Smith's brushwork, literally sends shivers down your spine.  The Muddy inspired "Robin Lee" where the "heavy" guitar riff recalls the great Willie Johnson - "Slideaway" a tribute to Freddie King that features superb guitar that is matched by Bob Welsh's piano - the mellow Big Walter feel of JB Lenoir's "What have I Done" - and a stunning re-interpretation of Little Walter's "Juke" are further highlights of this great set.I have to re-qualify calling the previous tracks further highlights, because in truth this set contains fifteen highlights.  How could I not mention Little Walter's "Mean Ole World" with it's superb harp and guitar that melds the influences of Muddy and Jimmy Rogers - or the Sonny and Brownie styled workout of John Hurt's "Lisa Jane - God's Unchanging Hand" - or a wonderful rendition of George Smith's "Blues In The Dark" that is fuelled by Smith's trash-can drumming - or the plaintive Willie McTell styled adaptation of Sam Hopkins "Jesus, Won't You Come By Here" with it's wonderful harp and beautiful harmonies courtesy of Bill Scarborough ... or in fact any other track.[...]Rating 10 squaredMick Rainsford
As a long-time follower (since 1969) - I am continually on the lookout for new stuff - if you are a Savoy Brown fan - yes go for it !!!
Bobby Counts put together a terrific collection of Christmas music -- Fort Worth Blues' Style.  Even if you're not from Cowtown, you'll love this CD.
I've lost 80 lbs with these guys! They keep me going at the gym. I've loved this kind of music for a long, long time, and have other traditional music, but this is one of the best.
Blend of Jazz, Blues, Funk & Fusion featuring the virtuoso guitar playing of Robert Siekawitch. Up tempo grooves to laid back fantasy fusion with textured keyboards.
Nothin' To Lose by Johnny & The Mo-TonesWhen you listen to the superb Blues CD, "Nothin' To Lose," by the fantastic band Johnny & The Mo-Tones, only one word comes to mind: Wow! This group has all the right grooves as their melodies are irresistible and so are the vocals and instrumentation. Opening up the album, the title track, "Nothin' To Lose," impresses with strong vocals and a vibrant energy from the piano and excellent sax riffs while the bass and drums keep the steady beat. They take the tempo down a few notches on the songs, "That's Why I Sing The Blues" and "Wish You Were Young Again" giving this album a nice variety of mixes. The song, "The White cliffs of Dover," highlights some brilliant solo work by the guitar and horn giving the audience a taste of the fantastic caliber of musicianship. Their rendition of the song, "Hey Joe," is awesome as they put a nice spin on it. Fans of the Blues will really enjoy the intoxicating songs on the spectacular album, "Nothin' To Lose." Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team [...]
Awesome CD from a great player. Buy this CD. You won't be disappointed. "Highlands" is one of the best guitar instrumental tracks I have heard in a long time.
If you like your music served up with a bit 'o' Hendrix, SRV, Jeff Beck, and Robin Trower, then this album is for you!  Jeff McErlain is one of my favorite "unknown great guitarists".  He is also a great guitar instructor with his TrueFire courses!  Electric blues-rock at it's best!!
Nicole has taken the lemons life handed her, and made lemonade.  The result is music with a bluesy sound.  Some of her songs are smooth and some a little rock and roll.  Salty thoughts will stay with you all day.  And if you have a bad day, grumpy pants will put a smile on your face.  We all have our challenges, and music like this will help you get through the hard times.
This is a smokin' cd. Anyone who likes good guitar with a rockin' blues over the top attitude.Can't wait to see this kids future...
Quinn is from the same area that I live, so I have known about him for a little while, and me being a music geek, have been more & more impressed by his talents. Blown away would be a more accurate description. I downloaded his new album yesterday, and gave it a listen, and haven't stopped since. This album covers so much musically, and done so very well. I have already heard 'Blues Child' and 'Summer of Love' previously and was already a fan, the rest of the songs that accompany those are even more impressive. Had this album been released by an established musician who had been in the business for years, I would have been impressed. The fact that this is the first album, by an 11 year old is simply amazing. I can't help but grin while I am listening to it. One song that stands out in particular to me is 'Peace & Harmony' which I have listened to at least 8 times by this point 24 hours after I got it. It is a beautiful, catchy song that will get stuck in your head, as it is stuck in mine now. So many of the tracks are catchy, great songs, and all different than the last. 'Crazy Rhythm' and 'My Sweet Guitar' are other tracks that seemed to stand out right away to me as well. 'Ten Years Down the Road' is a great rock song, and what makes it even cooler is the fact that ten years down the road, this kid will be just hitting 22, and he wrote a song, and an album like this now. I wish all the best for Quinn, and look forward to what he has in store for us all in the future. He is truly gifted. Buy this album, that is all I can say.
I saw Quinn last night playing with Buddy Guy. In the middle of his show Buddy mentioned a new player who is just 13 and needs support. He then brought Quinn onstage to play and everyone in the place was blown away (which considering you have Buddy Guy standing right there takes some doing).HIs CD shows so much potential and his real talent is onstage, especially as his voice has matured. He has a style all his own based in the cornerstones of the blues masters. He is the next generation of blues performers and we are all better for him being such.I met him after the show and he is very unassuming and truly appreciated the support of the fans who lined up to buy his CD. I bought a copy last night for him to sign and am going to order a copy here to play. He has another CD coming out soon and I plan on buying that also.Keep an eye on this young man. As Buddy noted you won't hear him on the radio, which I see as a crime, but he will be a force in rock in coming years.
I found this music by reading someone' post.This is the way blues should be played. He is a great guitar player. Watch him on Youtube. His voice will get deeper as he gets older.
Fanny J first album is fantastic.  If you like a mixture of rhythm and blues mixed with Zouk music from the French Antilles and Compa music from Haiti, you will like this album.  She is an upcoming French singer from French Guyana who is a rising star in the Zouk world. The music on her album is an updated version of Zouk.
The fantastic musician, Richard Cowdrey, releases an outstanding Instrumental Rock album, "Whispering Mind." The collections of songs on this CD are interwoven with a passionate guitar that draws you in with its melodic tonality. Cowdrey takes a fresh approach to classic songs such as, "Where The Streets Have No Name" and "All Along The Watchtower" and creates exciting versions that has the guitar "singing" these terrific melodies with a strong rootsy style. You will like the way he mixes it up the album with some excellent Blues on the songs, "Little Red House" and "Blues For Alican."  The song, "Raising Cain," starts with sweet synth strings complementing the subtle guitar lead and then changes up to a powerful intensity. Kick back and crank up the volume to the superb music on the amazing instrumental Rock album, "Whispering Mind" as this album will really impress you. Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team [...]
I bought this CD a year ago when they were in town and have enjoyed it very much.  Saw them again last night.  They are totally grounded in Piedmont blues and have learned from the originals.  They bring great harmonies and a creative approach to making the music their own.  They don't imitate the imitators.  See them live if you get a chance.  Shari Kane is a great story teller and both perform with much joy.  A totally enjoyable evening.
I bought this album after just a few quick listens and found that this Sleepy Guitar Johnson is pretty good. It's all instrumental, which I like any way. But there isn't a bad tune on the CD. &#34;Round Sunset&#34;, &#34;Trista&#34;, &#34;SLO Dancer&#34; and &#34;Cowboy Hill' all have a different sound, Sleepy is pretty versatile. I'd like to hear more from him. If you enjoy the sound of great guitar and no vocals, I recommend this CD.
This is the best Lucky Peterson album IMHO.  He really cuts loose, and lets it rip.  Very soulful and expressive.  Lucky is, again, IMHO, maybe the most underrated electric blues stringer out there.
Excellent compositions, the concept of classical jazz is evident by the syncopation of the beat! It' good to have artist like she keeping jazz pure!
This is some awesome mellow yet swingin' blues. I dig just about every song! This is a must have for anyone into good ol' dirty blues music.
I downloaded this CD a couple of weeks before he came to town. I saw part of his show in Memphis this last FEB, and he was good.... Good CD, I listen to it alot...
went to see bart at the blues club in tallahassee,fl and was warned that he was good as were his fellow nashville studio musicians who play on this album.he blew the crowd away with his voice,outstanding guitar work and very tight band.the keyboard player is great and contributes lead and backup vocals.if you are tired of buying cd's for one song or just tired of getting burned you've hit the jackpot here.bart clearly has stevie ray vaughn roots but better vocal composition.you'll be hearing more from this guy but get this album until the rest arrives.just give the title track a listen and you'll see what i mean.happy listening!
Best New blues band in the bussiness ..Bart Walker is a fantastic guitar player and of course Reese Wynans on keyboard (former stevie ray vaughn band) ...these guys really give it to ya ! I live in nashvile where these guys are from and have seen them many times and if you get a chance to see them in your area GO AND SEE THEM YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED !!!
Listened to Bart ea nite he played on Norwegian for our cruise.....had to buy all he has created and look forward to more
When I saw this band perform I was praying they had an album. I waited for several months checking their facebook page to see when it would come out. I was so excited when it came out. Definetly worth the wait. I absolutely love this album. Thanks Lazy Bone for being a new band with good music.
Lazy Bone is a collection of very talented musicians and the new album Wrecking Ball is a MAJOR HIT! I have high hopes for these boys. Great buy
In my prior travels on the " Blues Highway", I told the story about the new venue in Middletown, NY (Brian's Backyard BBQ). I not only went to see Brian and Robin Remaley but also to see the Michael Packer Band. I met Michael some years ago and he can reach into your very soul with his powerful blues sound. He had his own stage at the prestigious Junk Joint Festival in Clarksdale, MI this year and also played with Honeyboy Edwards. He gave me his newest CD at that time and asked if I would review it..."My Time to Cry". The title "My Time to Cry", takes off with a solid guitar beatand Michael's powerful high tenor voice as he sings about his sins and sorrows, Michael's real time to cry. "My Time to Cry" is the llth story of Michael's ever growing life as a bluesman extraordinaire.Packer's career is a fascinating one to say the least, his first gig, at the age of 15 was at the Bitter End in Greenwich Village, NY. This multi-talented singer, songwriter, guitarist, keyboards formed Papa Nebo in 1969 and later Free Beer band. Traveling to the West Coast, Michael met George Thorogood who turned him on to the blues and he eventually came back to New York City. Packer's career soared and so did his drinking. In the late 80's and early 90's, Michael bottomed out and after an attempted robbery, did a year in jail at Riker's Island. Amazingly, this became the turning point in his life, Michael has maintained his sobriety since leaving Riker's. Music and Blues flowing in his body, Michael formed a band while at Riker's Island and appeared in an HBO special film called "The Prisoners of Riker's Island". I'd like to mention that Michael made a CD later on called "Riker's Island Blues"; it's solid, tight, deep down, nitty gritty, blues that can be exciting for listening or really liven up that party of yours.Track 3 "Bull Frog Blues", Michael's version of this song featuring harp player Jon Paris and a prominent bass guitar will leave "tad poles swimming up and down your spine" an excellent choice of traditional blues here. The other artists that performed on this CD were not mentioned on the CD jacket but Michael Packer told me that Jon Paris was on Harp in "Bull Frog Blues", Bob Mintzer on Flute and Conga along with Bernard Purdie on Drums. An exciting eight 8 track of songs from 40's years ago that were never released. On track #7, "Bad Time Jackson", Packer's guitar starts, then he sings a tale of "he has to set his woman free" and along with a powerful flute solo will put a blues spell on you.Track 8, now remember these songs go back 40 years but I'm glad that this was included and puts you in the 70's mode, "Can't Find The Way Outside", a tale of looking for love on those dangerous streets, I'm sure some readers remember those times. Packer's dynamic singing, background singersand the typical sounds of that era add an excellent ending to this CD. One might say, how can a Rock song be acceptable but after listening, I am sure that you will come to the same conclusion.The entire CD is filled with some of the greatest music that you will be chomping at the bit to hear more, there is such tightness amongst the band, Packer's voice rings in your ears, electrifying guitars, flute solos, the entire CD just flows with no mistakes. I have seen Michael live and whether I see ashow or listen to a CD, songs from that phenomenal voice of his keep on playing over and over in my head. I am happy that I am able to tell you a little about it before you get your copy!!!Robin MurrayAmerican Blues NewsJuly 13, 2011
I had never heard Red Molly, the band that Abbie usually records and tours with, but when I heard "Hope" I downloaded everything but the Christmas EP. She is a remarkable musician and has an excellent voice. If she wanted to be a "pop" star, I'm sure she would, but I really hope she keeps exploring the stuff she does now! She has the talent to handle all genres, and has tremmendus taste. There are certainly no duds to my ear! I am not a musician, but have heard all kinds of music, and this lady is great!
That he plays all the instruments himself, simultaneously, is just an interesting bit of trivia about Lone Wolf OMB.  As a lover of both punk rock, and old school banjo bangin' bluegrass, I experience multiple eargasms every time I hear this kickass album.  I highly recommend it to all wearers of s*** kickers, steel toe and otherwise!