I honestly believe that giving this merchant one star was doing him or her a favor. I first purchased this code for my history class. I even paid extra for shipping so that it would come in a timely matter. After receiving the product I noticed there were three oddly placed holes that had been placed by a hole puncher. It also looked as though it already had been opened and put back together. After finally opening the product I saw that three letters were missing due to the hole puncher that was used. I contacted the merchant immediately because I really need the code for my class. The merchant emailed and stated that he/she could give me another code from their inventory. This never happened and I ended getting my code from else where. They are refunding me my money and I feel as though I have wasted a lot of my time. So don't waste yours with this product.
We purchased this for our first time homeschooling.It was AWFUL!Incredibly complicated, very user un-friendly.We spent countless hours trying to set it up to get the features advertised, but were unable to do so.Not able to review tests, give assignments, or even pull up attendance reports. All of these are supposedly features available.Contacted the seller, hoping to exchange it for a book-based curriculum, but they state "We are not able to accept returns on any software once it is opened and used", which would be reasonable with a product that WASN'T defective.Save the aggravation. If you spend half as much time teaching the curriculum out of a regular textbook that it would take to get minimal results from this product, your child will be far ahead of his peers in public or private schools.The only reason I gave it 1 star rating is I was unable to choose negative stars......
I have used SOS for homeschooling for 5 years now, and this 2012 version is horrible.  There are so many problems in every subject.  Even the electives I purchased last year, like Family and Consumer Science, have issues.  Some of these include:"Tiny Tutor" videos have a programming error that cuts off half of the viewable screen while you are watching it, AND there are no controls visible (like pause, play, volume) as there had been in previous versions.There are an enormous amount of editing errors throughout the products like the lesson states one point, but the questions in the lesson won't give you credit for those correct answers.  Or the lessons information is incorrect as well, like incorrect definitions for words or Algebra problems worked out with errors.This problem continues onto the Quizzes and Tests.Now this curriculum allows the parent (administrator) to go in and make changes to the grades or even remove the question, but it will take you hours every week to go in and do this with all the errors I am finding.  This is extremely inefficient for the parent - now you have to spend all your time fixing the manufacturers problems.Which leads me to their support.  Which is very lacking.  I have to enter every single issue - separately - into their database, then I have to wait for months until they finally send out a "fix" for the problem, unless they decide that it is too comprehensive and will just correct on future editions of the product which does me NO good now.  Of course, by that point I have MANY other issues anyway and no time to go back and re-teach my child the information now that they have finally fixed some of the problems I already found!  How about pull the product - issue us all a refund - then make the corrections throughout the program so we parents don't have to keep doing your job for you!
Book was in good condition, but as with the first book, there was no CD...It was of no use to me without the CD
The spiral binding on this calendar holds the 12 calendar pages so that they are slightly offset and not neatly stacked on each other.  Therefore, when hanging the calendar, the pages don't line up with each other.  Calendar is still usable but looks messy.  Also, when shipped, the company used a very large box (unnecessary) and too much packing material which is a wasteful use of trees and energy to make the box.
I teach at a large university that has adopted CPS clickers. Evidently the previous generation worked pretty well, but now they have released a largely dysfunctional system that has derailed my planning for my courses. It is buggy and prone to out-and-out failure, and that's intolerable in a classroom. The tech support people and I have tried to install it on three different laptops and an in-classroom computer, and it won't work on any of them. One's too old, one's too new, one is too small and doesn't have the right screen resolution. I am now scrambling to get back on track with one of the other companies' clickers. CPS has been a total waste of time, and I would say: Teacher, beware!
Works well in class, but I don't like the fact that this is another gimmick to nickel and dime college students.
I put this paper on the wall in my office next to a picture printer on Epson Heavyweight matte paper and the glossy roll picture was yellow in a little over a month.  I will never buy this paper again.
If I could give this a lower rating I would. Nowhere does it say on the description or on the box that it cannot be used on most printers. I used it on my inkjet printer in the hopes the image would print out just as well as another brand I used, but alas the print NEVER dried. Even days later when I checked on it, it was just as wet when it was first printed. Be forewarned, this is a MARKER ONLY transparency film.
I did not received what I requested, they substituted an inferior film.  We are only to use high temperature film in our copiers.  Very disappointed!
We received this product with box damaged and NO LAMINATING POUCHES!  Only the loops were included!  Very disappointed as we have to travel out of country in 3 days and now we are behind and need to order something else ASAP!!!!!!
Wrong fit my tag size, so Since i not use it and left in box. that not explain clear. I give 1 star.
It's only the plastic it didn't even have the paper .I have disappointed I shouldn't by it .It's just wasted money
There is absolutely no way any card you insert will stay inside. It's just 2 pieces of clear film put together.
The description of this article was unclear to me.  I ordered four and expected four tags, but I received 25 pouches to laminate with a business card inserted.  Once I figured it out, the pouches were good and durable.  I returned the remaining three packages.
I bought these because I was going to draw out some luggage tags to put on my bags and that they were reasonable.Pro: I got a lot! I though I was getting 5, but it came with around 40 or moreCon: If you don't have a at home laminator your wasting your money. It comes with the leashes and the firm is loose so you put your image in and run it through the machine... But if you don't own a machine it's a real pain in the butt. I had to go to office max to get it done and they charged me 1 each one. Not a problem but it's a hassle to drive to print shop.
not what I expected.  Thought I would be able to slide a card or piece of paper right in there with people's names.  You must have to use a laminating machine in order to make these work.  Did not come with any instructions.  Difficult to attach to a regular bag.
Seriously? Is this what you sent me? the plastic is so thin it looks like candy wrapping. The loop is good,but can't do much with it if the tag &#34;laminating pouch&#34; is so crappy.
My wife was looping these tags around her luggages at home and both rip and break in the slot where the tie goes.5 mil plastic is tooooooo thin. Cheat junk.
The camera in this kit expired at year ago and the scanning coupon expired in 2000! I was so disappointed!
The picture is 3M CG6000, also for inkjet printers but the item is actually 3M CG5000, which is only for copiers and laser printers.Wrong info.
It's been a long time since I've encountered a product that is so badly designed or manufactured.  I purchased a total of six of these AAA batteries and none of them worked properly.  Some of them refused to hold a charge, and those that did still could not power my little mp3 player.  I returned the charger and batteries and even the replacements have the same problem.  One of the batteries even started leaking on its first charge.  I have had much better luck with Kodak's Ni-MH product.
I've read the other review here and decided to add the voice of my experience as well. For whatever reason, all of the 8 batteries I bought also malfunctioned. They didn't hold a charge or charge at all. The 4 of 8 that did initially work slowly started to malfunction as well, so that after 6 months I needed to buy new NiMH batteries (Rayovac, which have been working great.
Will not ship to a PO Box.This is a major inconvenience to the millions of Americans that use a PO Box for convenience and security.
First of all, the previous reviewer is correct in that the software that comes with these labels is WAY too big and clumsy.  But that's not my main complaint with this product.My main complaint is that I can't get these labels on a CD without it looking like crap.  I tried their manual "align guide" approach and a labeling tool to apply labels to CDs, both with the same results:  The clear label gets air bubbles under it that just can't be gotten out.Avoid these labels, especially since they're so expensive.  Get white labels instead.
I bought this product hoping to be able to make CD labels for music CDs, listing title and artist for each track.The software dumped 300 Megabytes (!) onto my hard drive. (As big as all of Microsoft Office!) And yet there are very few templates provided, and they all look the same -- and they don't provide for extensive text, and whatever text they provide cannot be &quot;shaped&quot; to the round shape of the CD except in one specific (and to me stupid-looking) format.The printing process is also flaky -- I wasted two sheets (alot at these prices) because it wouldn't line up exactly with the perforated sections of the sheet.The user interface stinks, and the user manual is no help.This product is APPALLING in every respect. The free CD-labeling software that comes with Roxio is balky and messy to use, but it's better than this. But with choices like these, I'll skip labeling the CD directly altogether, I think.A total, utter and complete (and expensive) DISAPPOINTMENT.
Despite what the packaging says, these labels do not apply easily, and you'll definitely need the Afterburner applicator to put them on. But even with the applicator, it's practically impossible to apply the labels without bubbles appearing, and soon they turn a very ugly white color from the air condensing. Even if you are able to put on the labels without bubbles forming, the cd will still look dirty and greasy because the labels are clear, and hence you can see all of the glue underneath. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!
This product is for laser printers only.You cannot put one of these transparencies into your home printer / injet printer, it will not print.The ink will bubble up.I sent back my order and still have not yet received my refund.
I got the same model that is required for this printer but the printer does not work and keep saying that it's the INK color code does not match the printer. I think they sent me the fake one!!!
Not working thought on cp-200 printer ... It was jammed and ruined my canon printer cp-200. Disppointed :( try take to the repair place I just got this last month :/
you sent the wrong paper by the picture...they were suppose to be 4x6 not the productthat was sent
This  product was not clearly advertised to be the smaller size not postcard size, so I had to return it.
Got two and neither would work.  Both looked like they had been used and were empty.  Lots of paper but no ink to print with!
Terrible product. It is just letters and random letters at that. It was missing many letters, but doubled up on others.
I ordered this from other vendors in the past and the letters from those order have functioned well as magnets, sticking to the board as advertised.  With this order, however, I am just now discovering that some of the letters are not magnetized sufficiently to stick to the board.  They just fall off.  Unfortunately it's too late to ask for a return or use my credit card's 60 day policy to dispute the purchase.Another problem with the Quartet letter system is that you can't order individual letters to make up for discrepancies between one's individual letter needs and the supposedly statistically based letter allocation of each packet.  I have way too many letters of most kinds from having to order additional sets just so I could get enough R's, E's, and N's.If you haven't started a letter board system yet, I recommend finding something other than the Quartet system.
This is a nice, stable sign, but there were no magnetic letters included in this product. Like buying a car without windows.
the price was too expensive for that really small container.i find the same product and really cheaper on local stores.
The detergent has always been my favorite, not least because of the color choices (I keep mine on the counter) but I will not tolerate this ridiculous drippy cap so I put the detergent into an Ajax bottle which still has the old style of dripless cap.  Am I nuts?
product is a bust-- not well made- hard to operate --returned to seller--seller service was excellent despite inferior product
Like the other reviewers, I was looking for a new telephone directory to replace my old metal one that was filled up and had lots of crossed out addresses from changes I had made. But this is cheap plastic, the tab sticks, it bends the papers, and often won't bring up the right letter. I prefer the flat ones to the larger round ones, but I might not have a choice. Shame.
I purchased this for my mother, who has been using the old one for years. She was so disappointed with the quality of this product, she removed the new pages & replaced them in her old one.  A little expensive for replacement sheets, but she is happy!
This product is extremely poor.  If you at  Amazon . com want to offer a decent product you must stop offering this product.
I still have not received my order? You guys did not apply my gift certificate, so I have paid $80 for computer paper I never even got. I want my credit back on my credit card, and I will throw the $50 gift certificate away, and just count it as a loss. It is not worth all this trouble to do business with a company. Also I do not even have a phone # to call to straighten this out. I will never do business with Amazon again.
I see brightness ratings of 108, 113, and 92, all on the same page.  Clearly a company with a penchant for detail!
Does not include the colors that are in the description. We needed certain colors, that is why we ordered this and paid extra for overnight shipping
I have used the Cross black gel refills for awhile and have been very happy with them.  I usually prefer blue ink, so I decided to give the blue gel a try.  Well, needless to say, I have been VERY disappointed!  I've tried two different refills from two different stores, and both have skipped badly and/or stopped writing completely after only a few days.  You can read other reviews for this refill online and see that everyone else is having the same issues.  I expect better from Cross and can't believe that they have so many problems with the blue gel refills.  The company definitely needs to fix the quality issues they are having with the blue gel and bring it to the point where it's on par with the black gel refill (which, again, is one of the best I have ever written with).
Erasers were REPACKAGED into plastic zip-top baggies.  A mixture of different erasers from Office Depot and NOT Office Depot.  I regularly buy Office Depot erasers for my classroom and know their products. Thought this would be a good deal, but it wasn't.
The package says this is 4X6 paper, but it isn't.  It's actually 4X6.5!  I feel ripped off!  What's the point of having a printer capable of edge to edge printing when I have to cut off an extra .5 inches on my pictures when using this paper?  I've had good luck with Kodak's 8.5X11 paper which was the actual size advertised on the package.  Why is this different?It just doesn't make any sense.  Is this a design flaw on Kodak's part?
I am not usually moved to write reviews, but I am really unhappy with this product.  I have a Canon i950 which came with a sample of Canon Photo Paper Pro (which yielded phenominal prints). Kodak High Gloss "premium" 4 x 6 paper is longer than 4 x 6 print, requiring the user to trim pictures (annoying).  I might excuse that IF I got nice pictures.  The pictures look terrible!  I tried 3 different print settings to see if that would help, it didn't.  They look like they were printed with a cheap printer.  Canon Photo Paper Pro is the way to go.  Don't waste your money on this.
With standard settings on my color ink jet paper (and I have tried it on 3 different printers, from different manufactures) the pictures always print to dark, I have to lighten the output settings by at least 12 percent for all colors.  Very annoying to have to do this every time, I do not have to do this with Lexmark or Canon papers, they print WYSIWYG (What you see is what you get).
Swingline used-to be the standard of excellence with this type of product. The company has compromised the integrity of their products in an attempt to maximize their profits. These staplers are no longer worth buying. They are now made with very cheap unreliable components that quickly break-down. We used-to buy this exact model for all of our copy rooms. We used-to be able to rely on them for heavy use. They NEVER broke down, jammed and seemed to last forever. They were so reliable that I never even considered any other brand. However we learned the hard way that this product line is no longer reliable, at least not when it comes to electric staplers. We had an old, Heavy Duty and very reliable Swingline electric stapler in ALL our copy rooms for several years. When one of them finally died, of course, I ordered the exact same model, however that one quickly broke in less than 6 months. We kept replacing it, thinking it was a defective product. However, when the same model in a different copy room died, I was finding that we were experiencing the same problem when I replaced it with the exact same Swingline model. We finally switched to the &#34;Rapid&#34; brand heavy duty stapler and it has been excellent. The durability is unmistakable. It has been very reliable and never jams or breaks down. I am disappointed with Swingline and have given-up on them. The only thing you may not like with the &#34;Rapid&#34; brand is the &#34;Flat Cinch&#34; type of stapling that requires a flat type of staple remover. Otherwise it is excellent. We have walked away from Swingline and will never go back.
I returned this stapler because it didn't work well.  It did not easily sense that pages needed to be stapled.  In order to activate the stapler you had to press the pages against two "sensors" and to do so you had to wrinkle the pages.  The return process was very easy though!
This is the second one i bought in 6 months / both failedAt $315.00 i expect them to last a few years.
Quite rugged, especially when compared to the cheap ones designed for 3 sheets.  Not quite a full pad of paper!!!  The holes are accurately positioned.  I have two (one was temporarily lost) and use them frequently. The older one has several years use.
This model looks like a great, heavy duty three hole punch but the paper guide is very weak.  It is very easy to miss the spot where the paper should lie and it is very easy to get the holes in the wrong places.
cannot provide a review - I never received this item.I was "forced" to rate this transaction with at least one star.  I was unable to continue without it
Some kind of combination CD/business card? Can it be played in a CD/DVD-ROM drive?
The labels jammed both our HP Desk Jet Printers! It probably are designed for a laser printer.  Surprised me because Avery products are normally great
dissapointed, picture showed item same as one being replaced.received item was not the pictured stapler.
Looks cool but sadly it doesn't work. The lights on the traffic sign light up but the clock is a dud. Plus it's a lot smaller than I expected. Please note that I never contacted the seller about the non working clock because my son loves it even without the clock. I didn't want to break his heart by sending it back so I just chalked it up to a loss.
The Picture is completely different that what i recieved and i have replaced the battery in there several of times and the product is till not working and i am unable to contact the seller
I just bought and tried this paper in dark room today. It was disaster.All the color prints came out yellowish, while the borders which supposedto be pure white came out as light brownish-yellow.Then I checked the label on the package box, It says "KODAK 2002."That means this paper was produced in year 2002!No matter how you store, no color printing paper could survive 9 years.This paper is too old and completely unusable.  Don't buy it.
I ordered a box of photo paper that was supposed to be un opened. when it came in the mail the box had been taped back together.  I figured the box had just been opened but the bag hadn't been opened.  However I just went to the dark room to print pictures and the paper was really dark and exposed to light.
I tried this mouse pad with 3 different mice; 2 optical and one laser.  Sticky, jumpy, non-responsive.  It looks to me like this pad was designed to be used with an old fashioned mouse with a ball.  If your mouse has a ball, it should work fine, if it's optical, don't buy it.  I will say however, that I returned the pad to the manufacturer and received an immediate refund with no problems, so the customer service is very good.
One of them came pre-dried out.  2 others won't retract all the way after the first use - so it'll just be a matter of time before they dry out as well.  There's no way to get inside the mechanism to force it to shut all the way to prevent this from happening.  All in all I'm not impressed with this product at all.
this has got to be to most poorly manufactured item i have bought in a long time. Six of the plastic deviders were either cut too short so they wont fit into both groves spanning the opening, or were bowed in an arc shape. So my 31 day monthly organizer is now a 16 or 17 day organizer. You would think that someone would check the quality of something they are going to attach their name too and sell.
Well, it was all I was willing to spend, so I gave it a star.  But it has DEFINITE 60-cycle hum; you can't ignore it, try as you may.  Apparently nobody believes in sheilding any more; that or they don't know how to do it, or perhaps they've never had record albums, so they don't know it's not supposed to sound like that. I don't know what to tell you.  Is it worth it to spend another couple hundred or more bucks to get a receiver that will still handle phono input?  Or does anybody make a reasonably priced phono pre-amp that works without hum?  I don't know the answer.  Good luck to you.
If I could give a lower rating, I would.  This "closet" has no redeeming feature to recommend it.  The plastic pieces are weak and the hanging rod not long enough to hang anything meaningful.  The rod bends out of place and falls down if you hang more than a few suits.  The cardboard floor is useless and caves in immediately.  The cardbord top is a joke and likewise caves in with any weight placed upon it.  When you try to move the closet after it has been assembled, the pieces pop out of place, and you have to reassemble them.  This thing is a nightmare from start to finish!  Don't waste your money or time.
Not a solid manipulative... They are hollow inside.  As a teacher, I was expecting a solid manipulative like counting bears.
The part that holds the rope normally is wedged in the cone, All three of the ones I received were loose and my bird pulled one apart immediately and deposited the rope on the bottom of the cage. All had the part, that  held the rope,  to small and there was no way to repair. This is a toy that Is kept for my bird all the time and the lack of quality is new to me.The order was not returned because of the hassle.  No complaint was made due to my inaction. This complaint is because because of an inquiry received from Amazon.
Just as I wrote in the title of the REVIEWCautious...this isn't PINK -  according to the company that sends this- AMAZON will not change the color.....interesting..if it is PINK it should SHIP PINK; if it is MAGENTA it should state that in the description....  THEY WILL TELL YOU IT IS the same color and the MFG changed the name..... but when you receive this pen it is MAGENTA a darker color....PINK IS PINK....Not easy to understand where this reseller has received this information about AMAZON....  they will change their information- you just need to contact them... ALL THE INFORMATION is UNCLEAR....
this Cd changer was placed in with the jensen stereos it said it would work with jensen but will not. it has never been used still a new iteam.seller wants to cheat me and say This item works by itself no need of other system.thats not true no speakers no on and off no way to pick a song or a spicific CD to play.no way to see what is playing unless hooked up to some type of system.they also  want to charge me 25percent to return it ,they took more than 2 wks to respond. DON&#34;T BUY from this seller you will get burned.
I recieved a defect product.  The all of the cassettes in the package shredded either immediately or after a few pictures.  I have purchased the same product at a store - installed it and the printer works without a problem.  After two weeks I still have not recieved a refund or a replacement
"This business has really aweful customer service. If anything not right, they won't refund or resend the item you supposed to receive. Insted of refund or change, they will ask you to send the defected item to the original maker's customer service." And after they got my feedback, abiously not high grad review, I got the email from them about that they want me to remove my negative feedback. Now, I really doubt abuot it.
It wasn't a good buy at all!  I should have purchased from other sellers.  Their prices are much better.  I don't think I'll shop again with this company.
I have to go through the hassle of returning this Paper Punch as it does not work at all.  I can't even feed one page at a time into it without a struggle, and even then the 7 punches are not aligned even enough to punch the holes, - the paper gets stuck and I have to tear it out.  on the 3 of them, it doesn't even cut through the paper, alignment is absolutely messed up!!!  waisted time, paper, money, and bunch of nerves on this one...
I was looking for a small pen, because I have the habit to keep always a pen in my pockets.In couple of weeks the black cover of this nicely looking pen started eroding in multiple places, showing the metal below. Now it looks extremely ugly.
This thing sucks.  It doesn't write better at an angle or upside down any better than shaking a gel pen.  It's worse because it's so light and crooked.You have to press so hard to get it to write normally and the lines still look like an arthritic suffering epileptic on crack decided to put space pen to paper.Also it is super super short.  Unless you're a pixie I can't see this being a very comfortable way to write.Also for such a small pen it weighs about the same as maybe 3 gel pens.It's chrome so it's slick and is part of the reason it slides some, but even if you hold it super steady it is junk.  There is no texture like a cross pen or any other chromed or silver pen I have used.Save your $20.
I am so disappointed with the pen. I bought it for my boss who has trouble with his writing hand and has to write at an angle. The reason I purchased it for him is that you claim it writes from all angles. Well it DOES NOT!What a waste of money.
I ordered this product believing that it was sold in boxes of 100 sheets. I received a box of 50. I contacted the company by phone and sent a copy of this Amazon advertisement. No response. So, buyer beware!
These erasers are awful. I bought them to replace my old ones and the old ones work better. No thanks.
Picture doesn't match the description.  The eraser is a felt eraser for chalkboards, unlike the pictured item, which has &#34;Whiteboard Eraser&#34; printed on it and shows the fuzzy gray material on the bottom that is designed for a whiteboard.
got only 2 pieces ordered 2 12 packs Would like 22 more sent. This stupid minimium word requirement for feedback is bunch of crap
I must say that the idea (in theory) of a company making an effort to deter people from using their product in ways other than the product's intended purpose (a minority of people), is such an altruistic and wonderful one that it should inspire fits of dancing and the erection of statues and memorials honoring their beneficent efforts!HOWEVER WHEN THESE SAME EFFORTS create an inconvenience, threat of harm, or persistent annoyance to the customers who intend to use said product ONLY for the purpose it is intended (the majority of people), then such a companies' actions deserve to aid in them crumbling them into ruins.THIS IS A WARNING POST AND NOT A CRITIQUE OF THE ACTUAL PRODUCT.The company admits this product has BITTERANT in it and for ME that's enough to steer me far from ordering/purchasing it.Now here is WHY BITTERANT is a major DEAL BREAKER for ME and should be for you as well.For those who may not be familiar with what it is; BITTERANT is a chemical used to deter people (kids mainly) from using compressed air in an illegal manner (getting"high"; which can be done)and as you might expect by the name, tastes BITTER.However even if you are simply purchasing the product for normal, non-nefarious purposes, this BITTERANT can severely affect you as well!The chemical will be on whatever you spray, be it a fan, your keyboard, screen vents, etc. and it WILL REMAIN ON THE OBJECT UNTIL:A)YOU TOUCH IT (though not only once, it will remain for the next contact and the next and the....)B)It is blown into the air around the object and/or yourself (depending on said object's proximity to you).If B) is the case;1)You will smell it2)You will taste it3)It will go onto other things that you do not expect4)You will inhale it and potentially have a sneezing fit that will not subside no matter how times you call out for help from "Jesus" or whomever is your divine deity of choice.If A) is the case;1) It will adhere to your hands and even if you are a compulsive hand washer, will not come off as easy as you would expect2) Will end up getting on your food as a result of your hands coming in contact with said food (or said food's plate) after making contact with the object/device that you spray.3) Will remain on the object for long periods of time and continue to plague you long after you have forgotten that you even used it.Obviously for pets, plants, children, adults and food, or beverages within the proximity of said devices, or even in the same room, the above will result in problems ranging from mild to potentially severe.If you know ahead of time, or from experience that the "canned air" or "gas duster" you purchased or plan to purchase contains BITTERANT, please make note of it in a review so those of us who would like to remain BITTERANT free, can make an informed decision. Thanks and I hope this comment assists you in making your decision.
The product description is for 3 rolls for which I paid $9.53 for.  I received only 1 roll.  Seriously, 1 roll of masking tape for $10???  I contacted the seller and they refunded my money and told be to keep the roll.Also, the description says it is high performance tape.  I bought this for my business where we need a thicker/stronger masking tape.  This tape failed miserably for our needs.  Do the math, $10 for 1 roll of crappy masking tape = 1 crappy deal.
This set does not come with the sorting plate shown in the picture. I bought it specifically for that reason.
very hard to see the screen. Instructions are not user friendly. Will never recommend this product to a friend
Got this printer with an HP Pavillion computer and have no idea why it didn't come with an HP printer. Weird huh? Anyways, this printer started to work well...until we realized that the ink capacity is horrible and the cartridges are really expensive. Also, about a month ago, it started producing prints with horizontal and vertical lines in everything from pictures to documents. I would urge you not to buy this printer and instead purchase an HP Deskjet series. Anywhere you look, refills will be pricey, about $60-$80, but with the HP's, they last much longer than this Epson printer did!
I have had 2 Epson printers (Epson Color 777i before this one). Epson inks are rediculously expensive and, by design, each and every time you turn on your printer, ink is burned up "to keep the nozzles clear."  I received NO HELP from Epson "customer service" when I contacted them to initiate a warranty repair due to an inability to print in color.  All I was told was to keep cleaning the nozzle. I burned up $85 worth of ink in about 30 days and still can no longer print in color. Do yourself a favor and buy a Canon (they have the best prices for ink), an HP, or other high-quality brand. Avoid Epson at all costs!!!
I bought this and cannot get used to the awkwardness of holding the pen. I gave to my left handed father, hoping he could get used to it.
Despite the fact that the broshure claims and there is a "fine grind" setting on the grinder it produces very coarse grind. I don't know if the unit I got was defective or the product was simply unable to live up to the maker's hype, but I was forced to send it back.
It made coffee alright but it took about a hour to make a four cup and I can't see waiting that long to have a little cupe of coffee.
Missing folders on the computer after installing the program.  Test page for calibrating the printer doesn't print out.  Image library contains images and not solid backgrounds with different colors and shapes.  Save your dollars and buy a good kit!
I have been a biller for 14 years and this is the first time that my claims are being delivered TO THE PATIENTS HOUSES because there is so much room at the top of the envelope that the claim forms are moving up.  The name and address of the patient are showing instead of the insurance company.  So far I have had 3 patients return this very sensitive information to our offices.  I don't know how many patients were not that kind and just threw the others away.  The patients are receiving other patients information too.
It's a mini mouse pad! Don't buy it unless you want a nice rug for your mouse.I originally ordered a 10 foot by 8 foot area rug for my basement and I got this 10 inch by 8 inch mini rug. The pictures on Amazon were miss leading. Just goes to show you, let the buyer beware!
This was shipped to us as a gift to our school.  We are all female teachers who are not electronic geeks but who can at least read instructions.  We put the wheels on easily.  But we really felt bad when we plugged it inand couldn't get ANY response....The instruction manual was no help....too little information.  So it sataround until my husband could look at it.Response:  It doesn't work.  Some integral part appears to be burned or a dud.  Defective on delivery....only the delivery was over 2 months ago!  What do I do now?We really need that equipment at our school!Did this happen to any of you?
I wasted my money on this product. It doesn't cut the holes in the paper well at all. I bought this to use in our homeschool, and it's collecting dust in a closet because it DO NOT WORK!!!!! I would have returned it, but couldn't find my receipt, so I'm stuck with it. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!! They say you get what you pay for. Fork out a few extra dollars and buy a higher quality machine!!!!!
When a manufacturer says that a grommet is 3" it usually means that it fits a 3" hole. At least that's that case with every other manufacturer. These fit a 2 3/4" hole. Is, if you've already drilled your 3" whole, these are useless and will fall right through.
Most people who use these use the opening to measure the item needed.  The company who makes this measures the top.  As another person noted, the opening is actually 2 3/4 inches.  I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing it.  It is not for a 3 inch opening and as the other person noted, it falls right through.
i have a 3 inch hole and this product slides right through the hole....there is no lip to hold it on the counter.  i also cant use it because you cant open the hole all the way, only 1/2 way because the top doesn't come off, it only slides.  i need to send these back.
I have been waiting for monthly for my husband to fix this thing because it jammed....again.  He has successfuly "fixed" it a couple different times, but it constantly overheats and/or jams.  I came online to see what other people thought of it and since no one has any success with it I am going to stop waiting for another temporary fix and buy a different shredder!
I bought this to replace another shredder that burnt out and this one did not last but 3 days and I've not been able to get it to work at all. Waste of money!
I wasn't looking for a top-of-the-line shredder for office use - just a small, reliable one for home use to shred receipts or other similar documents with sensitive material.  I was able to shred nearly 1 bin full of papers (and was happy enough) until the unit just stopped shredding.  I thought perhaps it overheated a bit and needed a cool-down period, but even a week later it will no longer shred...it will reverse (used for unclogging the shredders), but will not run forward.  Perhaps I just got a bum model, but my replacment will not be a Fellowes.
Many fell apart just taking them out of their package or tore just opening them  up for use.  You best go with a higher quality.  These were a waste or resources.
I have not actually used this product since I have not gotten a required top piece. Accompanying products should be included.
This product has 3 functions within one stylus: PDA stylus, Laser Stylus and Ball pen.  This probably works well for what it could do, but it's not functionally compatible with the Sony PSP or Sony Playstation1 (PS1) or Playstation2 (PS2).  The product title is misleading to consumers, since the PSP, PS1 and PS2 do not have a touch screen.  DO NOT BUY FOR YOUR PSP, PS1, or PS2![...]
The plastic bin does NOT hold hanging letter-size files, but it will work for storing file folders.  You can adjust the rails to hold hanging letter-size files, but contrary to the way it looks, you will only have about one foot of space.  If they'd designed it to hold hanging files the long way, it would hold almost 18" of files.  Also, the bin is pretty junky.  Really not worth the high price.  I recommend item #SAF5228BL by SAFCO instead.  Much better quality, a lower price, and at least as much storage space for letter-size hanging files.
This battery didn't work as a replacement for my Zire 31.  It was too big to fit in the space and when I soldered it, it didn't fix the problems I had.  May have been something else, but the size issue would have been annoying if it had worked.
Be careful to ascertain whether or not the battery will need to be taken to a technician as it does not always plug in but may need to be soldered (sp).  That was in my case.  The directions were also vague.
The cable does not fit a Palm 515, as advertised.  Total waste of timeand money, I guess they just sell you junk that doesn't work from some chinese manufacturer and hope that you wont have time to screw around sending back
First, let me say if it's too good to be true it probably is. I bought this item for roughly $8 thinking I walked away with a steal but the joke was on me. I should have just taken my eight bucks and set it on fire. Does the cable work? Couldn't tell you, it dosen't come with any flippin software. My Ringtone program says "use software that came with your cable"... OOOH that was insult to injury.  So it looks like I'm going to do what I should have done in the fist place, spend some money on a cable with the software included.  If you have $8 dollars you don't want, send it to me or just buy this cable, either way the result will be the same.
I am not sure if I missed something in the instructions on the use of this product, but I did not find it useful.  The product has no real instruction, just listening to conversations.  Like I said I could be missing something, but I'm sorry I bought this Spanish instruction product.
this left grease stains that soaked through to the front side of all of my posters. now they are ruined.  those greasy spots are discolored too-- it made the paper look yellowed.
it doesnt hold posters up for more than a few hours and it ruins the paint on the wall and the poster.you might as well stick up your posters with bubble gum. never again.
My son and his roommate thought this would be good to put up in the apartment instead of nails.This stuff sticks to everything wall and posters.Removing it is like removing old chewing gum.You have to scrap so much that you have to patch the drywall when done.Not a good product unless you like to scrap and repaint when your done.Hope this saves you time don't buy this has to be a better product some where.
DOESNT WORK. I used this product on a 3ft. x 1ft. poster and the thing fell after 5 minutes. I added extra putty, A LOT of extra putty, and it did not help. But It looks weird not being flat against the wall, anyway. The putty raises it from the wall. I wouldn't recommend it.
I just received my acadamie tracing pad, and despite it being well packaged, the sheets are crumbled and deeply, deeply wrinkled. I realize that tracing paper sometimes has a bit of wrinkle, but this is virtually unusable. I don't know if the issue is the manufacturer or the reseller, but if zero stars was an option that's what I'd give. Total waste of time and money (thankfully it wasn't a lot of money.)
Cheap plastic construction.  It was difficult to situate the wires inside the unit. Better off with twisty ties or velcro cable ties.
If you are expecting to install this on a Vista 64-bit PC, the bluetooth dongle will not work, and the drivers are not yet available
The battery I ordered was a 1700mah battery. The one I received was a 1000mah. The company no longer stocks the one I ordered. I received a full refund.
Papers don't stay together very well. It was a cute idea, but doesn't work well. You have to handle the stapled papers carefully otherwise, they fall apart. Don't waste your money.
WOW describs this piece of CRAP.  This thing did nothing when i tried to use it.  I followed the directions as followed and still did not work.  So I don't know if it was a compatibility problem or what, I recently bought a different skype usb phone and it works great.  The good news I did however sell it as is on Ebay and I made like $2 on it after all was said and done.
As I have stated previously all chart pack tape sucks!!!!  It only sticks to certain surfaces for short periods of time.  I wound up gluing it to the surface.
No good!  Not Reliable!!Broke down after 2 months. Only used it 3 or 4 times a week.WASTE OF MONEY AND I CAN'T RETURN IT......
I can testify that the new ipod classic 80gb click wheel will not work through a silicone cover. The click works the outer rotation wheel does not! Hence, the discount price for this design. I am not aware if this issue is amenable to a software update, but I wouldn't take the chance. This is a known issue.
i ordered a bungee card case and got an electric lint remover. not to thrilled about that. not gonna bother sending it back because its not worth the hassel of shipping.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS COOL AND EVERYTIME I PULLED THIS OUT EVERYONE COMMENTED ON IT AND ASKED WHERE I GOT IT SO THEY COULD GET ONE. HOWEVER, THE PART THAT OPENS TO GIVE YOU A CARD IT HELD TIGHT BY A "BUNGEE" CORD AND NOT TO LONG AFTER I WAS USING THIS, THE CORD BROKE. I TIED IT AND MADE IT TIGHT AGAIN EVEN THOUGH IT LOOKED LIKE CRAP THIS WAY. THE CORD THEN BROKE IN A DIFFERENT AREA. CHEAP PRODUCT.
I purchased this "credit card case" and tried putting my cards in it. It will only hold a handful of cards, and if you want one, you are going to have to take them all out and sort through them. For holding so few cards it is also fairly bulky. I could return it, but I have to pay return shipping and a 15% restocking fee, so it is hardly worth it. This would probably be fine for business cards, but I would not call it a credit card holder.
I ordered this blue filter for the surefire flashlight specifically because it stated that it was a "slip-on FLIP-UP" filter.  I paid more for this blue filter than I did for the red one because of the "FLIP-UP" option on it.  IT IS EXACTLY the same thing as the red one only it costs more.  IT DOES NOT FLIP-UP as stated in the advertisement.  It is simply a slip-on.  The advertising is completely FALSE.
It turned to pieces in 1 minutes after I opened the box, I tried to fix it, but I didn't want to break my finger, don't buy.
I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas to replace one she had and lost.  Upon opening the box I received the back cardboard the item should have been attached to but not the toy itself and got NO answers when I tried to get them to actually send me the toy. Be careful when ordering this as you may not actually get the product but a iece of cardboard with a picture of the item only.
I recently learned to solve the Rubik's cube and wanted a practice model that I could take with me on the go. I didn't expect a fine, speed cube, but I expected more than this.It's incredibly difficult to rotate. I'm not sure any amount of oil will help. And it's not machined properly so the pieces don't fit well. You have to have it perfectly aligned to get any rotation on it, otherwise you WILL break it. Also, you WILL break it, anyway.Due to the effort involved in doing any series of moves, you're likely to make a mistake, and the difficulty of using this thing is absolutely punishing in how hard it is to reset.
it is very hard to turn. It breaks apart after 10 minutes of playing. I wouldnt recommend buying this cube
Do not order from this company! First of all, I ordered the 35 pocket chart. I was sent a cheap 10 pocket money chart. When I called the company to complain, they told me I had to fill out a special form and send back the chart for a refund. I was never e-mailed the special form, even though I called twice to ask for it. I would not be sent the correct chart I ordered. Customer service said I would have to reorder the chart again. So, basically I would have to pay for shipping to send back a chart that had free shipping through Amazon. A company with good customer service would have immediately sent the 35 pocket chart. I needed the chart to get my classroom set up. A lot of work for nothing. Ridiculous customer service!!!
If you're serious, and I mean serious about correcting student behaviors, get the Lakeshore Classroom Management Pocket Chart. With this one, you won't be able to have that nice little space for a card, and you'll receive old construction paper looking cards. You can always upgrade the construction paper, but at that point you mind as well spend the extra money on the Lakeshore version. Once you change the students day, their name will not show, so you'll have to write their name on every cheap piece of faded looking construction paper. If the student  earns a green day, they will be looking forward to a treat with the Lakeshore version. With this, you can't even announce who received a green day with pride. Also, red day means you may get a phone call to your parents. I'm not sure what pink means.I'm telling you, I bought 2 of these for other teachers, and 4 of the Lakeshore versions. Guess who is still consistent with the behavior chart. Yep
Ordered on Feb 2.  Recieved it around Feb 5.  The thing broke around Feb 8.  This is a poorly made item piece of garbage.  The internal spring is sooo strong it applies too much pressure on the clip and the clip breaks itself.Do NOT buy.
Okay, here is the deal.  This thing is built well, but it's dimensions and performance work against it.  It's height and width are just right for a pocket book, but it's thickness gets it in trouble.  It's a clunker, if you put this thing in your pocket (if it will fit) you will feel it.  Hell, it might even pull your pants down.  The thickness also makes it awkward to write in since it never folds flat and there is always resistance when jotting down an idea, which makes writing a chore (which is counter productive to the pocketbook ideal, which is maximum convenience).  If you are looking for a real nice small notebook, opt for a Moleskine.  Pass on this clunker.
This is my third Bunn coffee maker that has leaked. The only solution that Bunn offers is to return it and they will send a rufurbished unit. With the cost of shipping it back, it is about the same as buying a brand new one. I was a loyal Bunn customer, but this is my last Bunn coffee maker. Save your money and get something that will hold up better.
Product works, but not very well.  The strapping is thin and does not grab well.  I would return it but I am too late.  My bad!
I've tried these cable ties and they stink.  The Velcro-like hooks and loops are tiny, which is why you get so many on a roll.  But those tiny hooks and loops just don't hold.  You might think you get a lot for your money, but I recommend the heavier colored Velcro cable/wire ties.  I have them on power cords, network wires, and equipment wires in my lab.  They're easy to use and the colors let me code the types of wires I have bundled.  Buy these dinky ties and you'll want a refund.  I just threw a roll in the trash.
Nice concept but not great sticking. These are probably the most 'closely-shaved'  (very thin, not much 'fuzz' and shallow 'hooks') Velcro fasteners out there and I think not worthy of the Velcro name. Velcro had to compete with all the lower priced hook and loop stuff out there&#8230; I guess, but the specs on this product don't bode well for the name. They are okay for bundling and staying bundled, yes - so go for it if that is sufficient... But not for multiple reuse (and isn't that what Velcro is about?  As a musician who was hoping for the same sticking power as the more typical Velcro products for my many cables, I found that after a dozen or so times, or in cold temps, the bundle just falls apart no matter HOW tightly the bundling was fashioned. Meantime my 'old style' Velcro accessories keep velcro-ing along very well, year after year. I implore the manufacturer to revisit and beef up this design, offering perhaps fewer per package, but increasing the staying power of the product. Implore, I say! Thank you.
I purchased a couple of these at the same time and all of them sucked.  about 80% of them broke when trying to tighten them.
I bought this product for my wife to replace a Teacher Tote-All she had used for years.  This product has the same name and looks the same, but is not made with the quality of the previous model.  It began falling apart very quickly.  She tried to keep it alive by using parts from her old Tote-All but that didn't work.  I am very disappointed and this purchase was a total waste of money plus caused a great deal of aggravation as she tried without success to make it through the end of this school year using it.  We should have returned it while we could!  Beware of replacing your old Teacher Tote-All with this product.  It is not the same and you will be severely disappointed.  Do not buy as a gift for a new teacher, and what ever you do, do not buy this product for your wife.
I received one if these for my birthday and it broke the first day week I had it. Ordered another one and the same happened. Handle on both broke within a week. Ordered a replacement and sent other 2 back and the 3rd replacement came with a chip in the plastic. Do not have the time or desire to send it back for another one. Just dealing with the chip at least the handle works! Very disappointed! Also still have not received refund for either one!):
First one I received was cracked on the bottom and the handle would not operate correctly.  I exchanged it figuring there is a lemon every now and then.  I should have listened to the other reviews...when I received the second one I opened it to find the the wheel protector was broken...do not buy this product!!!!!!!
The first time I used this product the telescoping handle came right out of the base on one side and the plastic piece that looked like it should hold the handle in place appeared to be cracked in half.  I'm very disappointed with the product and would not recommend it to anyone!
I just bought his wheeled cart last week and it broke literally in half this morning.  When I got it home I was very disappointed because the handle was too short for me (I'm 5'6) and I have to stoop over to use it.  I used it for 5 days not even reaching the max weight capacity and this morning as I was lifting it into my truck for work, the entire lower half cracked in half! All my books and graded papers went flying! What a waste of money. I'm back on here to by a better product.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!!!!!I give it an F-
Tote arrived broken. Six small pieces were broken off so that handle did not extend. It seemed to be made with very cheap plastic. I returned it along with the apron cover sold with it. I did not get a full refund and don't know why. And I can't find where to complain that I did not get a full refund. I would avoid this tote, especially since you will not get a full refund if it arrives broken.
I purchased this tote for Christmas to be used as an art cart for my Mom who takes painting classes. The 1st cart arrived but the handle would not extend with out a great deal of effort. Once we were able to extend it we could not get it to close easily or at all.  Amazon was great and promptly replaced it but the 2nd one had the exact same problem. I am extremely disappointed and not willing to try a 3rd replacement, I am afraid that even if that one will work initially it will break soon after and not worth the hassle...
I was a sucker and ignored the customer reviews. I lived to regret it. It had a major structural failure two weeks into using it where the front part pretty much separated from the other three sides by way of a huge crack across the middle. I wasn't even exceeding the recommended weight capacity.Don't do it! I got the ECR4Kids rolling cart ([...] afterward and I've been pretty happy with it. Just get the other one instead, trust me.
I was excited to get this liking the colour size and handle height but after 2 days it broke in 3 places. I had to go to my local business supplier and find a new one. Really dissappointed. I checked the weight and it was under the max weight and didn't treat it roughly. At the end of the day it is designed to be wheel around and it just didn't get the job done.
I am not happy with this product. It is flimsy. The first time I rolled it (and I did so slowly and carefully) over a threshold p;astic pieves broke off the bottom.  The handles are on the front and back instead of the sides, making it hard to list and put into my trunk. the handle sticks when I try to put it up or down. It is a frustrating piece of equipment.
So they advertise it holds 75 pounds but this flimsy plastic tote cannot hold half of that. Within 2 weeks of using it, the tote buckled and cracked the hinges. I tried to bend it back but proceeded to only break more pieces off of it. I then let out my frustration by really breaking it on purpose. Don't buy! It's a complete waste of money.
The Chalk broken and the box was torn. It did not come in the packaging in the picture. That would be find if this box did not look used. It had a very poor appearance. Very disappointed.
This scale is a lot cheaper made than I thought. The metal pieces from the tray get stuck inside and it just overall sucks. And the company hasn't gotten back to me about an exchange
This item took a good while to arrive, almost two weeks. I bought it because a friend had purchased the same one from a local retailer for twice the price. It didn't work, wouldn't calibrate. Highly disappointing.
If you have 1 or 2 a day it may help, otherwise it really does not make a big difference. Broke down in a short while too.
Well there's a few things I don't like about this product.The dish where you put out the cigarette is made of plastic.It would have been better if it was some sort of metal.The fan isn't all that powerful,and doesn't suck up most of the smoke.The filters are similar to the covers that go on headphones.You have to keep one cigarette in the cigarette holder just to keep it going while you smoke.Not really loud but not whisper quiet.
Site says in stock but these are backordered.  Was not notified by Amazon nor TigerDirect.  Had to call to find out where they were. Had to reschedule a moving day because of this.
When I ordered this paper, it was damaged and also the incorrect color.  I contacted the company, and was basically told it was my problem - they weren't going through the trouble of replacing the paper as it is too costly for them to do so.I couldn't believe their attitude, so I called and spoke with a supervisor who  said the same thing.  No effort, or offer to replace the paper.I contacted Amazon and at present they are trying to resolve the matter, which I appreciate.  However, buyers beware.. Don't buy from this company.  They will not replace damaged merchandise, and their customer care is totally unprofessional!
YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS IS PURPLE. DONT GET IF WANT WHITE PAPER- IT WAS OBVIOUSLY A HOPE THAT YOU WOULD ORDER THIS WANTING WHITE PAPER , BUT AS I HAVE SAID IT IS PURPLE AND SINCE THIS HAS TO BE TWENTY WORDS , I WOULD LIKE TO ADD , THAT I WANTED WHITE PAPER, NOT PURPLE AND SO ORDERED THIS THINKING IT WAS WHITE BUT IT WAS PURPLE. WHAT YOU SAY, WAS THIS PAPER WHITE? AND I SAY, NO IT'S PURPLE!
I'm not quite sure why Copic made this marker pad...Really,  would recommend watercolour paper or a smooth Bristol paper way before I recommended this! It doesn't take the colours very well, and it tends to leave things streaky. Copic also makes a pad of paper called the PM pad, or PM paper, and that works much, much better.
The item pictured is not at all what is described below.  The description of the product is correct, I was just expecting to receive what was in the photograph.
I bought one of these from an online distributor in the U.K. but a glitch in the software prevented it to properly power on. I sent an e-mail directly to the main support site in Israel and they did not even answer my technical question.I believe these people to be crooks, so stay away.There are actually very good cellular gateways from Ericsson or even from Chinese companies, so stay away from I.T.S. products.
Ordering from Amazon.com has been a terribile experience.  I ordered and got a McGill 16500 Badge slot punch the second week of February.  I used it for the first time the fourth week of February and it broke punching through a laminated badge.  The badge was not very thick and did not exceed the maximum thickness for this punch.  I then tried to find out how to return the slot punch on a very confusing Amazon.com website where I couldn't find a return policy.  Since they only allow 30 days to return a broken item, I missed the window. lost my money and have a broken slot punch from McGill.
The paper is fine, but the cover came apart from the sealant within minutes of receiving, rendering the sketchpad useless.
The letters are interruped with peices of plastic barriers, so they are non-continuous. The child has to lift their pencil to get over the plastic barriers while writing a single letter.  Instead of writing a continuous circle for "O", the child traces the top half of the circle, lifts their pencil over the barrier, and traces the lower half.  That's not a natural way to write, and is frustrating for the child because when they lift the guide off the paper they still have to connect the parts of the letter for the whole letter to form.
There's no end to how frustrating this boards are to work with. The pencils are just about like drawing on printer paper. It just feels a bit too smooth and the pencils smudge and wipe easily, almost to the point that you lose lines. But, that's not the real frustration here. Inking these boards is absolutely horrible. Have you ever drawn on tissue paper? Every time you apply the pen to the paper it absorbs the ink. With a bristol board type paper you can get nice smooth lines. Not so with these boards. My lines look absolutely terrible, jagged, ragged and spiky. I wouldn't recommend these boards even for practice. They're absolute garbage and they've ruined some otherwise decent art. Stay far away.
After reading all the bad reviews I stupidly yielded to temptation and purchased a Tracfone for my son. Big mistake.It took weeks on the phone with customer no-support to get it working. Time and time again after I had waited forever in the queue, the call would just disconnect. I'd have to redial and wait for-bleeping-ever again.Now, my son has lost the phone. The number given to report a lost/stolen phone is just the main number. The problem is there is nothing in the menu for reporting this via the main number. I tried technical no-support and after waiting for-bleeping-ever I finally got connected to a support person who instantly took his/her headset off and laid it on the desk. I could hear other reps doing their thing but my call was just sitting there.Run, don't walk from Tracfone.
Purchased a Tracfone for my son for Christmas.  The initial set-up took 6 days (that should have been my first clue).  I've added minutes twice since then & both times have been filled with frustration.  Their system has been down repeatedly.  This last (and final) addition they charged my credit card twice.  I was on the phone for over 90 minutes trying to get it resolved.  No supervisor was available.  Total headache.  I'm  calling Go Phone...it can't be worse than this!
I, too, have spent hours on hold waiting for these idiots, half of the time being told there was nothiing they could do, 25% of the time having their stupid system hang up on me without warning, 27% of the time having the "customer service" person so unaccustomed to English that they couldn't understand my question/request, and finally, 3% of the time actually helping me. If you are desperate, Tracfone is barely adequate. FOLLOW-UP: However, call 305-640-2000, which is the office number. This works 10 times better. Today, it took a FOUR minute call to add time to a friend's phone.(I didn't have the IMEI number, which seemed to help immensely). Still, the bottom line is, Tracfone is desperation city!
The pen looked great and did light up, unfortunately it did not write--The postage for one pen was $9.86.  The company offered a refund with the return of the item in the original package(which I had discarded)but since I had alread paid postage nearly as much as the pen, I opted not to spend more money returning it.
20 years ago I had the misfortune of working with these and today they are even worse two of four screws so far have striped using two fingers to tighten. I will just go buy some small nuts and screws for the rest before attempting any more. The file cabinet was given to me and it's a Hon so I will keep it. Too bad the drawer side are low
I used my mothers account number so when I went to check out they never gave me a chance to put in info.
These are very poorly made. The screw holes were stripped right from the box and the thing is rickety even after you supply your own nuts to hold it together. Does anyone even make decent ones anymore?
Out of the two frames only 1 of the 8 screws wasn't stripped. I ended up going to a hardware store and buying bolts and nuts to make these work. Cost me an extra hour of time but better than sending back. I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing! Several noting the same.
This is a fun desk item and very useful--a perpetual calendar.  Heavy duty enough to be used as a paperweight.  I paid less than $9 when I purchased and see that the price has gone up.  I'm holding out for another price drop and will order more as gifts since it seems to be such a great hit with my colleagues.  Unique, inexpensive stocking stuffers for the holidays.UPDATE--January 23, 2012Changed from 5 stars to 1 starI loved this calendar/paperweight until I hit 2012.The calendar shows January 1, 2012 beginning on Monday which began on Sunday so the calendar will be useless for this yr.2013 does begin on the correct date.This is a TERRIBLE ERROR that should have been caught by quality control.  Glad I didn't order more.
After being told items was on backorder and wating for two weeks, I was informed it was no longer availble.
I love Paper Mate pens, but these are terrible... the ink doesn't come out right away, so you end up scribbling on something to get it started EVERY TIME!!!  It isn't just one or two in the box, the whole box is like that!!!  I also bought a box of the red Kv2 pens, and they are the same!  These are cheap for a reason!
I wanted to test it (I didn't put my keys in there) so I stuck it under my car (wiped the area clean, stuck it on there good) and checked back in a month and it was gone.
trust me dont buy this it is to oversized and you cant even breath in it.
I have had Tracfone service for years. It is a great nationwide network and has great COMPUTERIZED service. But if you need to speak to a customer representative because your Motorola phone says Unregistered SIM, that group is not based in this country, reads from a script, and becomes frustrated when you ask questions not on the script. For the past few days, I have been trying to transfer my Year PrePaid service from an old Tracfone model to a new one. I have had to call 6 times so far and it is still not activated. Why? Because I cannot communicate completely with the people. They are not Americans. When they reach a certain point, their answer is -- wait 15 minutes, wait 30 minutes, wait 24 hours, wait another 24 hours, call us in 24 hours, our system is going down, call us again in 24 hours, our phones are breaking up, call us in 24 hours. The first time Ramon answered the phone, he left me with an unactivated phone. The second time, the same person now calling himself Jennifer, again left me with an unactivated phone. The third through fifth times, the CSRs could not finish the transaction because they gave up. The sixth time, the floor supervisor told me I had to wait another 24 hours for activation. Compare that to the first time I bought a Tracfone a few years ago; I went to the website and activated the phone in one minute. The live support is a sorry bunch, I am sure it is economical for Tracfone to outsource the support, but a total waste of time for me. Still no service and out the money.
The other reviewers were being overly nice when they pointed out that this was a good surge protector. That doesn't really matter when it sells for more than just a standard surge protector because it can also mount to your desk. Well, that's the problem. The clamp for this is so poorly designed that it should never have even been released to market. Belkin usually stands for quality and I am amazed that this met their standards.The worst part is that it isn't as if clamping is something new so I have no idea why they couldn't design this so that it would stay put.After playing with this thing for about 20 minutes I figured out what its major problem is. Yes, the clamp is bad but even with the weak clamp there is another reason why it doesn't stay put. You need to have something between the desk and the surge protector beneath the bottom clamp. If you look at the picture above what I am talking about is placing something just beneath the bottom clamp in between whatever you are clamping it to and the surge protector. This prevents it from moving down when you put any weight on it.
I bought this tote for my girlfriend from Office Max. She loved the bag, but one of the straps completely fell apart after only about two months of use. She is a student, so she occasionly had a couple books in the bag along with the laptop, but nothing that you would expect to be too excessive a weight. Office Max will not exchange the product after 30 days, and Franklin Covey will not do anything about it if you don't buy directly from them. So I am left with a useless tote that only lasted a couple months. These are really nice looking bags, and fairly stylish for female laptop owners. Just make sure you buy it from someplace that has a good exchange policy, so you can avoid being stuck in my situation.
This Photo Etch tool Etch Mate 3c sounds impressive, but in fact is no more than a crude cutter for plastic/photo-etch  models. The Amazon vendor also charges expensive shipping, making it more expensive than the original seller direct On-Line sales.
CAN'T RATE BECAUSE IT WAS NEVER USED..... PARENT PASS ON...... WILL GIVE O SOMEONE ELSE TO USE.AND HOPE THEY LIKE THEM.
When I recieved this product I noticed that it was kind of splotchy (strange circular splotches)  I thought it might just be on the outer most layer.  However, after rolling out several feet the splotches did not go away.  I laminated something and the splotches are easily visible.  It was completely unusable. I figured it was just one defective one so I returned it and ordered another one.  Once again I opened the box and was dissapointed to find that the new one had the exact same issue.  This is very bad because I had a presentation to do the next day and I had to rush around to try and find another way to laminate without heat.Horrible quality control.  I was an Amazon Prime member but I will now be cancelling my membership.  If the product is defective once shame on you.  If it is defective twice, shame on you.  If I ordered it again, it would be shame on me...0 stars is my true rating
I've ordered refills several times before and have never had a problem.  This past year I ordered my refill and the cartridge no longer fits into the laminator.  I returned it and was  sent another one and again it did not fit my laminator.  Did they change the laminator and refills to a different style on this model.  Very frustrated about this and although I attempted to contact someone no one has gotten a response.
I am extremely disappointed with this product. Upon replacing the cartridge and turning the handle to test it, immediately there were creases in the outgoing plastic. I have tried repeatedly to re-stick the plastic together with very little success in removing the bumps/creases that come out. There are numerous creases in the lamination. This was a total waste of money.
With many attempts to straighten the laminating paper, it still was not smooth.  Laminating does not look good when it is not smooth.
I had a project due that did not allow me time to ship this back, otherwise I would have returned it. So much of the lamination was crinkled that only about half was usable. Not only did I waste money on this product, but much valuable time. Each time I laminated a piece that came out crinkled (theres no way to tell ahead of time), I would have to REPRINT and RE-CUT the piece I was laminating...crank the Laminator to attempt to get out past the crinkled portion (each one was about 3 ft of extremely crinkled lamination)....and then re-laminate with hopes that it would be smooth. I had just enough to finish my project but about half of it went in the trash with much wasted time re-doing pieces. I am not sure it is worth continuing to use this machine ... this is the second time I have had this problem with the lamination and this time was worse than last time. For all the money I wasted, I could have taken it to an office store and had it done.....
I have to give this item one star, only because I am required to do so. Maybe it deserves one star because of the protection it gives documents and crafts.  But to get to that point, you must go through an excruciating process of getting the product installed correctly.  I have had an ezLaminator for 5+ years now.  Every year, or at least twice a year, I go through a ridiculous ordeal to install a new laminator cartridge, which takes at least an hour.  I have yet to ever take a refill out of the box, plop it into my laminator, and start using it right away.  Every time, I have to play with the two plastic sides to get them lined up, just right, so there are no wrinkles/crinkles when they are rolled together in the machine.  Why does it have to be so difficult? I have no idea.  Why the manufacturer can't get the refill set up so it will work in the beginning so yards of the product aren't wasted?  I have no idea.I am resolved to the idea that once/if I can get this new refill to work (after having messed with the stupid thing for the past 45 minutes, a total waste of our homeschooling morning...) I will look into other laminating products.Red hair runs in my family, and so do quick tempers.  This product is not for us.
The product arrived several days after the date I had been told it would arrive. The outer packing box was damaged. The inner box, the Mini Moos box looked as though it had been opened and taped back shut with clear packing tape. When looking in the box, it was obvious that several of the Mini Moos has had been opened, or broke in transit as the inside of the box was sticky and rather messy. The count on the box read 188 but in reality there were only 160 and that was including the empty containers. While checking it out, we also discovered the sell by date was more than three months ago.he inner box with the product looked as though it had been opened, the sell by date had already passed and many of the Mini Moos had either been opened or broke open in transit and spilled all over the box. Although we like Land-o-Lakes products this was a disappointing mess.
The item for sale is advertised as Land O' Lakes Traditional Half n' Half Creamers, and I recieved Land O' Lakes Mini Moos with the experation of less than 2 months.  I actually paid a little more to order from this company to avoid getting mini moos.  The Traditional is says it has no preservatives and needs no refrigeration because it's Ultra-pasteurized.  The Mini Moos contain: sodium citrate, datem, tetra sodium pyrophosphate, carrageenan.
Firstly the ad says you get 9 32 oz containers.You don't.You get those little cups you get in a hotel.There's a problem with that.You have to use about FIVE (maybe four) cups to lighten your coffee.Not particularly cost efficient.So...they taste fine...but you're gonna break the bank AND the ad is misleading.
I have not received this item -- it has been some time since it was orderedand PAID FOR -- I will expect to have my money returned and if it is not,the Better Business Bureau will receive a letter from me.Also, remove my name from your list.A very unhappy customer.Sando Cosenza
When my order arrived probably half of the contents had exploded.  The entire contents were caked with dried creamer.  Very disappointing, next time I'll get these at a local store rather than ordering from Amazon!
This is a great concept, but it doens't work. I used mine three times then it broke. The first three stitch "staples" tore the paper and looked awful. Even if it still worked I wouldn't ever use it because the nasty looking hole it left in the paper looked so bad.
This was the first bread machine I purchased.  I made the decision with trepidation because the reviews were very mixed. I also thought it would be a better value than the Zojirushi BBCCX20.Well, I got what I paid for and it only lasted 6-8 weeks.The machine was extremely poorly made.  the outside of the unit had very thin metal and the pan and clips were very flimsy.The machine was horribly noisy during kneading and walked across the counter from the vibrations.  The pan would also continuously pop out of the clips.  You had to stand there to keep pushing it back down.  This happened even after adjusting the clips.And then, after 6 or 8 weeks, it just died completely.So, I ended up going to get the one I really wanted which was the Zojirushi BBCCX20.  What a difference.  The Zo has 2 paddles which mixes the dough better.  The machine itself is good quality, sturdy and good looking.  Very quiet while kneading and doesn't vibrate and "walk" the counter.I recommend that you bite the bullet up front and buy the Zo.  You won't be sorry.If you do buy this Breadman buy it locally so you don't have to pay the return shipping to return it.  Keep your receipt as well.Happy Baking!
I ordered two of these for my double-volume Oxford English Dictionary.  Because you can't choose your own colors or patterns, I just hoped for something respectable.The first cover had a "Charles in Charge" theme, featuring Scott Baio's smiling face.  The other cover had '90s fad phrases, the likes of which included "Don't go there" and "Talk to the hand."If I had a pistol, I would point it at the roof of my mouth, so that my brains would splatter liberally across the room through the back of my head.
Not worth the money at all, although it was just a dollar. the shipping cost was ridiculous, as well as the cover itself. Without any previous warning I was giving a bright orange basketball book cover.
I ordered the individual packets of this product and was sent this large container of wipes instead (a Marketplace dealer sent me the wrong product intentionally, and now I'll have to ship it back at my own expense).  Anyway, I just want to warn parents of small children that this product appears very hazardous to humans.  Probably it's better to have a phone with germs than to use a product with so many safety precautions.  They even warn you not to use the bathroom after using the product without washing your hands first.....
These units are running about $100~130 depending on if its manual or remote operation.  $174 is too much for this a 8,000~10,000 btu unit in another brand can be had for this same price.
Pathetic! This footrest is made entirely of flimsy injection-molded plastic. It feels like it will break when you put your feet on it. Also, "adjustable height" means you can remove it's feet, turn them around, and it ends up 1" lower. Yeah, real convenient. Not worth $2 at a swap-meet.
This towl is very stiff, scratchy and doesn't clean up ANY water. Do not waste your money.
Which is correct the title size 9 x 14 or the specification size 6 x 12???????
The only cleaner that seemed satisfactory was the cleaner that came with a package of dry erase markers, but I can't seem to match it without buying the set.
my bad - silly me buy ink set for printer on one click ( without checking shipping price ) and golly gee - 14.99 for less than half a pound on a 32.99 order ( standard shipping ). get ink set and find out that each pkg not marked for ink color. how is the ink? some day I will figure all this out and let you know.
Although Moon Costume's cosplays are usually very good quality - in this case, the colors is incorrect from the anime and manga series!! The skirt and arm guards are supposed to be pink, not tan as pictured. Also, the headband should be red, not black!! Beware purchasing this - you will be the laughingstock at the convention for these mistakes!!
Very disappointed...these are smaller/shorter than flat toothpicks used to be and much more flimsy. Think I will just toss them in the firepit.
Caution, they are full of splinters.  I wouldn't give a child these toothpicks let alone use them myself for my own project.  I'm returning them.
We ordered the sets and received all of the same color.  Really disappointing, will never order from this company again.
I am still waiting for the replacement BLACK toner cartridge and I will need a new Magenta cartridge that went from 100% down to 10% Status after printing 10 pagesHP Color LaserJet 2840 All-in-One Printer/Copier/Scanner/Fax (Q3950A#ABA)I also aorder a toner drum from another company through Amazon and it "ALMOST" fits my 2840 but just doesn't quite do it.  It will not allow the cover to totally close.
I've been very disappointed in these cartridges. The Magenta cartridge started leaking toner immediately and the yellow cartridge, while working, sounds like it contains rocks. The print quality has not been acceptable and is NOT the same as the HP cartridges previously utilized by my HP 2840.I have had NO success in contacting MIPO to ask for an exchange (they will not return emails).I strongly recommend staying away from this set and these cartridges.
I purchased these in November, because the seller, Quantum said they had a 6 month guarantee right on the page.  I installed the first toner  the first week of December and it jammed my printer, rendering it useless. I emailed quantum, they said not our problem.  Their guarantee is no good. Amazon honored the guarantee and allowed me to return the items.  I will not, WILL NOT purchase anything other than brand name toners and ink from now on. It was an expensive lesson for me.
These cartridges had my printer making all kinds of funn noises. This ink made my otherwise reliable printer very moody, it printed when it felt like it,spat out blank pages when it felt like, printed stange colors. I tried all the calibration procedures for my printer. It made no difference. As soon as I got some original ink the mood swings stopped. I wonder what the problem was? HMMM...... I shipped their ink back to them, never did get any response from them. Stay away!!!!!
I cannot recommend these because I do need quality printing.They leak and leave marks across whatever you are printing.If you try to save money wherever possible like me, don't do it here.Buy the real thing.
I purchased these ink cartridges to save money. When it comes to running a business, you must save every penny possible, but not with this product. The cartridges would skip pages and it started to fade after a couple of days. From now on I will be spending the extra money on something that actually works. I guess you get what you pay for.....
The compatible Brand HP Q3960A for black did not work, the alinement was incorrect and make the printer malfunction. Had to purchase a cartridge from HP, the repair person said not to purchase any other compatible one.
Here's how:Instead of having the power cord come out of the back of the toaster so that it's out of the way, you have it come out the side of the toaster, right near the front.  That way your customer has an electrical cord draped all over their counter that is ugly and in the way and CAN'T BE MOVED.Notice how the marketing folks cleverly photographed this thing from the left side so that you can't see the cord sticking out of the front, right.Even my 10-year-old was able to immediately see what was wrong with this thing, so it boggles the mind how this design was conceived, engineered, manufactured and marketed without SOMEONE at Sunbeam interjecting COMMON SENSE into the process!If I could I'd give it negative stars, I would because this toaster is an affront to intelligent human beings everywhere.Instead I returned it the next day and bought another brand and made a mental note not to buy Sunbeam products, because hey, if they can screw up something as simple as a toaster...P.S. We tried it and it doesn't even toast bread well - parts aren't toasted at all and other parts are over done.
This product was not what I expected. I thought it was more of a useful tool and turned out to be textbook cd. Not really what I wanted.
When doing a search it said my product would be 13.06, there is no such price when you flick on the store or link.
I attempted to use this product to iron on pictures for a quilt of the elements.  1.. Does not iron on well, comes up immediately.  2.  Peels up on corners immediately!.  Bubbled and fell apart while we attempted to sew around the area with the iron ons.  disintegrated and flaked off!  I blew $60.00 on this product and lost my money completely.  Yes I followed directions and watched the video online!  Stay away from this product!  I cannot imagine that it is ever sturdy enough to wear or wash!
Went through 3 of these binders last year.  They do not hold up well at all. The rings get out of alignment easily causing everything to fall out.  Carrying them by the handle puts more pressure on the rings and makes it worse.
I hate it because this is the second binder I've bought from Amazon that has torn or been missing parts.  This binder is missing it's zipper.  The last one tore up within the first week.  I can't return it because she needs it TODAY.  I am very unsatisfied.
Brand new product?  Yet the rings don't line up.  Total waste of money.  Didn't open package at first because didn't need it until end of Jan, when finally opened it was broken, yet too late to return.  So disappointed! This has happened now on 3 of the 5 binders I ordered from Amazon.  Never again.
This item shipped on September 2nd. Today is November 6th and the binders zipper has already broke. We now have to purchase a new binder less than two months later.
Zipper broke after one week of use by a 5th grader. I could not find a way to fix the zipper. Didn't have anything but paper and folders in the binder, so not sure if just faulty zipper or what but I wouldn't purchase again.Case it 2 inch Ring Zipper Binder
I bought this binder less than 2 months ago and it is already not staying closed.  Whenever I hold it by the handle, the rings open.  Hoping to return.  Very unsatisfied!
I ordered this item for my 5th grader.  By the 4th week of school, the rings did line up properly.  Just two weeks ago, on of the rings actually broke off so the binder is useless at this point.  Very disappointing.
This item broke after very little use within the first month. The rings do not line up anymore and therefore, the papers inside are falling out. Would not recommend. I would love to return, but it is passed the time allotted.
The binder rings buckle overtop of each other and are very loose requiring it to be fixed all of the time
Started falling apart after 1 days use.  Zippered pencil pouch ripped at seam, and black trim around outside falling off.  I will not purchase anything else made by Case-It as most of the products appear to be very poor quality.
Ordered the Case-it binder expecting the red and black binder in the picture.  Received a red and multi-colored/rainbow looking binder.
They sent a rainbow binder when we ordered red! My 10 year old was mad! He has already opened before we noticed and therefore couldn't return. Caseit wont replace even though it was mislabeled.Case-it S-815 Velcro Closure Binder, Green
I ordered a red/black binder like the picture but got a red/rainbow binder. Another reviewer said the same thing. I don't recommend you order this product if you care what color you will receive. I was able to send it back, but my son was disappointed after waiting to get it.
This binder didn't even last one month and if you try to return it you won't get your full money back plus you must pay your own return shipping.  I will have to shop somewhere else because this item is faulty.  At least other stores will take items back when they break and replace them with something else or return your money. I am very disappointed.  It is only September and I must go buy another expensive binder for my daughter.
In the first week of school the zipper wouldn't zip any more. I couldn't carry it arrowed my school by the handle. Now a month and a half into school I need a new binder (that's not from Case-It). I recommended not buying a binder from Case-It and instead from 5 star, Mead, Staples, etc.
My middle school daughter was VERY excited to order this binder. However, the zipper ripped within 1 1/2 days of use.  She still likes all the features it includes but she needs to carry in front of her at all time.  It is also so large that she had trouble loading it into her backpack by herself (this was my fault for not measuring).  Overall, disappointed with the quality.
Based on previous reviews I was concerned about the quality of this binder.  This was the only option that I found for a heavy duty 3" binder so I decided to buy it anyway.  The negative reviewers were right.  It looks nice but this binder is cheaply made.  The levers for the binder rings broke within two days.  If you can find another alternative for a binder you should take it.
Purchased via School Pak.  First had a defective zipper.  2nd lasted 4 days. Now the 3rd ring is misaligned although it has not been dropped.  We went through an entire school year with the "standard" office style 3 ring plastic binder with no issues and this one didn't last a full week. Will never buy again.
I had to go out tonight to Office Depot to buy replacement binders.  Kids have been in school less than 30 days and zipper has broken already on two of the binders I purchased and the rings won't stay closed on the third.  Granted, my kids do put a lot in the binder because they are not allowed backpacks or purses at school.  In the binder, there were their folders and looseleaf for 6 subjects, pencil case, and usually a library book. I expected them to last longer than this though. $60 down the drain (I had to replace 3 of them.)
My daughter's last Case-It binder lasted 1 1/2 years. This one didn't even make it a week!! So poorly made in comparision. Case-It, please make them like you used to!!! Or, I will have to look elsewhere.
I bought this product thinking it would be suitable for my needs, I needed a binder that has a zipper closure, and was intrigued by the dual paper rings. I like print a lot of my research for when I'm writing reports, and thought it would be a good idea for keeping the two in one place, but separated from each other.When I first got this binder and looked it over I couldn't get over how cheaply made it was. The material covering the cardboard is very thin and rattly, and the cardboard itself was bent and dented in places. The two sets of rings is a  bad idea, I wasn't able to lie my work flat so that I could work on my reports. The two dividers that's supposed to keep your papers secure by velcro, are worse than the binder itself. They felt like they were made of cardboard from a cereal box, covered by the same cheap, rattly material. The loops for the handle hooks kept getting caught in the zipper, making it annoying to try and zip the thing shut.I returned this thing to Amazon and bought a Mead Five Star binder that suits my needs much better. I wouldn't recommed anyone buying this binder, stick with a Mead Five Star, not only will you get your money's worth, but you'll be getting a product that's built to last.
With my son entering middle school, I thought this "all-in-one" binder would be just the ticket for keeping him organized. No sooner did we start filling the binder with paper, however, than we realized the "dual binder" feature (which seemed so neat in the store) would mean that he'd flip a page, but wouldn't be able to write on the reverse side b/c a big set of binder rings on the other side of the binder is in the way. School hasn't started yet, but I think we're going to need to buy another binder next weekend.
I bought this blue one as well as a red one.  I've had Case-it in the past that lasted more than a year.  Which is saying a lot with rough and tumble boys.  This one lasted 2 weeks before it started falling apart.  I'm not sure why this would happen.  The red one I bought lasted a little longer before it started falling apart.  I will not be buying Case-it again.
(I am going to try to upload photos but have never done that before, so I don't know if I'll succeed...)Owners of these pieces know that they have four felt circles on the bottom to protect surfaces.  Well, the gold background on this item is so thin that the four felt circles show through.  I paid a lot for this item and I am extremely disappointed.  Buyer beware.
This item is essentially calendar based and was for the year 2008.  Nothing in the description lead me to believe it was not for the upcoming year.  It was returned.
Regardless of the surface you're writing on, the angle, the pressure, etc: these terrible pens invariably go into a dry/blank/empty scratch stretch approximately every three words or so.  Enormously frustrating, avoid these pens!
I bought a bunch of these markers for my students to use in art class, and ALL of them dried out before they even had a chance to use them.  Just sitting there in the box, never opened, they dried up in just a few months.  I would never, ever, buy these markers again, the quality is outrageously poor.  Zero stars.
I think this set of eraser and sharpener is too awful to use. For the eraser, it is harder that the rock and I doubt if I can use it as a bullet. For the sharpener, it can not sharpen even one pencil and it broke my new pencil when the first time I used it. Do you guys call it a pencil sharpener or a pencil killer? Shame on you!!! Such a awful product should not be appear on the Amazon.com which builds up by faith and trust.
This sharpener only worked the first couple of times. After maybe the forth time, it got dull and started eating the wood of the pencils and breaking the lead.
First, the blue Sponge Bob image is not the one I get. If there are three assortment, how come it didn't ask me to choose.Secondly, it didn't fit on my 8x10 book. I think this is for a pocket diary rather than a book.What a waste of money!
You have to give something at least one star to review it, but if I could I would give zero stars.  I bought a bunch of these markers for my students to use (I am an art teacher) and NONE of them work.  I guess you get what you pay for because they're pretty cheap, but I got nothing for my money.  I'm trying to get my money back.
CHEAP Chinese pens. NO where on the bag does it say Pentech, only Amazons sticker says it. I guess they can call them whatever they want to sell them. RIP OFF 4 of them are dry. DO not waste your money. No wonder it does not show the bag they come in.
This eraser does not erase. I have resorted to damp paper towels. Pay the extra couple of bucks and get the Melissa & Doug brand.
I purchased two because they got good reviews. These erasers are terrible, they do not work at all. They are flimsy, no strength in them at all to erase chalk.
Are useless...Don t erase absolutely nothing are make with synthetic fiber ...you must work about ten times to erase something into your blackboard...So if you are interested to get an useless chalkboard...purchase this bad eraser...Beware of such eraser that are probably made in china....
I ordered the half-fold programs and received tri-fold programs. Very disappointed only because I feel like the tri-fold looks &#34;cheaper&#34; than the half fold, and they are indeed cheaper to purchase elsewhere than what I paid here for the half-fold. If you are wanting the half-fold programs I recommend ordering from another buyer.On a good note I did receive my package in a timely manner.
TERRIBLE COMPANY. SENT FAULTY PRODUCT THAT CAUSE MY SON TO GET HURT, SINCE I CALLED A FEW DAYS AFTER THE 30 DAY POLICY THEY DID NOT CARE. I GOT MY PRODUCT 2 WEEKS AFTER I ORDERED IT AND CALLED A FEW WEEKS AFTER I GOT IT TO INFORM THEM IT WAS NOT WHAT THEY ADVERTISED, THEY WERE EXTREMELY RUDE!! THEY TOLD ME NOT TO CONTACT AMAZON OR THEY WOULD DO NOTHING, I DID AND OF COURSE NEVER HEARD FROM THEM AGAIN. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!! THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT CHILD SAFETY. BOUGHT A VERY LARGE QUANTITY FROM THEM THAT DID NOT STAY IN PLACE NO MATTER WHAT WE DID, DID NOT GET A REFUND, BUT HOPE TO WARN OTHER FAMILIES ABOUT THIS COMPANY, DO NOT BUY FROM SHOP EASY.COM
This costume is garbage. It doesn't show here the word "Bozo" printed on the other side of the sleeve. It also looks like a decent satin costume in this picture, IT IS NOT! It is a thin plastic that you can see through. It's that kind of material used for a cheep picnic table cloth. At $30 it is a total rip off! The only thing missing is a plastic mask with an elastic string to make it worth $5.
This is a waste of money!!! Over priced, non-functional.  If you are looking for a battery charger then maybe this works and that seems to be its only redeeming factor.Here is what our testing found.  IT DOESN'T WORK!  This device did not change slides for PowerPoint or Keynote.  The laser is weak.  The footprint is bulky.  The button for the laser is kind of a toggle switch that does not work consistently.  We tested 2 of these devices and in both cases the functions did not work.  This is a poor design and as the most expensive device we tested, you can get much more for a lot less.
Look, if I could give this thing ZERO stars, I WOULD. I got one of these from the MCSS at Drum about 8 months ago. $4.45.In case you CAN'T DO BASIC MATH, let me spell it out for you:69.20 (the cost of this item) divided by 12 (the number of individual logbooks) equals 5.77 per item.Buyers: YOU'RE OVERPAYING.Sellers: YOU'RE OVERCHARGING.Don't think for a SINGLE SECOND that this veteran doesn't know his stuff, I WILL prove you wrong.And no, I DON'T care if this is the price you saw at some local surplus store.
Don't buy from FactoryDepot because they will ship it wedged between 2 thin pieces of cardboard without any cushioning, with open spots that you can touch the board through.  It WILL arrive damaged, with dents and scratches all over it, especially where the markers sit on the board.  You will be responsible for the cost of shipping back to the company for a refund, but you will pay as much for the shipping as the product itself (they ask that you insure it and get signature service).  So you will be out your money in the end and be very upset like me.  The people I talked to at the company were extremely rude, and Amazon.com didn't assist with this shipping problem either.  I repeat, DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!
I ordered this item as sold by shoplet.com on Amazon and they shipped it in a flattened cardboard box with no padding. After it arrived I opened it up to discover where the markers are packaged on the board there was major denting to the board. I called shoplet and they issued a rma and shipping label. I asked them to put down a note to package the replacement so that it will not get damaged. The replacement came packaged the exact same way, I opened it up and the new board was damaged in the exact same spot but even worse than the previous board. I called and asked for a refund. I am still trying to find this product available from another vendor.
I can't be more than five feet from the phone or it dies.  The battery it uses is impossible to find.
This is the second Quartet Dry-Erase Board I have purchased. The first board fell apart completely within a few years; the frame separated from the white board. The second board, a Quartet Futura Dry-Erase Easel, Dual-Purpose Writing Board purchased just days ago for $138, fell apart before I could even get it out of the box! The frame literally came apart as I tried to lift the board out of the shipping container. My advise: save your money and buy another (any other!) brand; Quartet products are poorly made and costly.
We ordered 11 of these for responsive classrooms.  8 out of the 11 arrived broken.  Will not reorder a quartet product.
Good concept but in reality very annoying. What is not disclosed is that the "net" is made of rubber and barely elastic.Hence, my cell phone does not glide in or out of the pocket.Two hands are needed to wriggle my phone in and out of the rubber net as the rubber grabs the phone. This item would have been great if the manufacturer has used a net made of the same stuff a woman's covered pony tail holder is made from (but more stretchy)  then it would not grab on everything.Trying to figure out what to do with them now. I bought 3 thinking they would make a great stocking stuffer for Xmas this year.
It's really hard to find a good fountain pen at a low cost. I would suggest just taking the hit and paying the high price if you want a good one
I purchased this pen based on the many great reviews.  I find that that the flow of ink is uneven -- no matter what sort of pressure I apply on the tip -- which means that for every letter I write, part of it is lighter (or sometimes even missing, requiring re-tracing) than the rest.  I have used many different fountain pens in the past, ranging from very expensive (Mont Blanc) to quite inexpensive (Scheaffer), without having this problem, so I don't think I am writing &#34;incorrectly.&#34;  Pretty disappointing; not recommended.
I wanted to love this pen...I read that it was a real &#34;work horse&#34; and I could just throw it in my bag and go...very heavy flow, leaks, nib needs constant cleaning.
I got a bad one in the sense that the nib scratches the paper and makes a loud sound when writing.As many pen addicts forums would confirm, being a small family company, Lamy, does not have very good Quality Assurance and the rate of bad products is above the rest. As such we are are taking a risk when purchasing fountain pens online.If I were to do it again I would buy from a normal store where I can try it and see that I don't get a lemon.
i just bought new one, but this quality was very bad.'new one but a lot of dents and nib is not holded. i will refund it.
It doesn't even look like imitation leather and is a cheap plastic. Used it ones and the seams frayed around the zipper. For something that was still $15, I'd expect something you could use more than once.
You can tell that they have somehow sanded off a logo that was embossed on the case. Terrible, not disclosed previous to purchasing.
Bonded  " leather "You get what you pay for.Functional - if nobody can see you with a cheap plastic pavilion.
I still can't get it to work ... ?if your looking to watch media files saved on your computer on your TV via the Wii system I suggest you get an xbox .. it's way easier.
I purchased this paper so my drawings could be consistently straight and even, due to the 1" grid on the roll. I'm very disappointed that the grid lines are not evenly spaced and they seem to be at lease 1/16th of an inch off, making a drawing of any size, very far off in dimension, if I follow the "handy" lines on the paper. I like the quality of the type of paper but I am very unhappy with the lack of precision in the printing of the lines. It's crazy to sell 1" grid paper when the grid isn't at an inch! Beware!
I have been drawing my own one inch grid lines on sheets of paper for large woodworking projects (canoe building, furniture, etc) for years and I was extremely excited to find this 1&#34; Grid Paper.  I didn't read the reviews so that was my mistake but as other reviewers have noted, this paper is NOT 1&#34; grids!!  Very aggravating and disappointing to now have a lifetime supply of grid paper in my workshop that is completely useless for measuring.
Ships in 1 to 3 weeks?? This is a joke! Vendor sells products she doesn't have and can't get. Ordered product as a gift on march 5th. Sent several e-mails only to be told it will ship by the Th. Why would that be? Because she has no stock on this already published calendar. Now she cancels because she can't find the item. I intend to complain to Amazon as this is not what they want their image to be. BUYERS BE WARNED. This ain't no ebay!
I can't believe they sell pink crystal pens, when is it really appropriate to use something like this?  Does it get a second use?
Even though the deminsion said it would fit, it didn't. We had to send this back and I'm still in a cube with no privacy.
IT never worked right, and stopped working after a day. At least it was dirt cheap. I guess I paid for what I got.
The stapler never worked. I fiddled with it for hours to staple one item and then it never worked after that.  I ended up throwing it away.
I can't figure out why a Do It List would have preprinted words. I feel completely ripped off: I don't wish to offend, but I do not need reminders to say grace. It is useless to me.
The only review I can provide this item is that I never recieved it. I was so excited about it but to this day it has not come in the mail. I hope there is something we can do to fix this.
I started with two new CR2032 batteries. I checked the batteries with a multi-meter.The instructions are not just confusing, but down right misleading. They seem to have been written by a Chinese person who studied English as a Second Language, and English was not her most brilliant subject, but a distant third after Social Studies and Remedial Math.The first part of Step 2 is:  Press any button on the locator to program the item number.Step 3 is:  Program your second locator, using Steps 1 and 2. Be sure to use a different item number.What? So these two gadgets are supposed to talk to each other by selecting two random numbers? It&#8217;s not having to put up with techno-nonsense like this that gives Amish people a reason to feel content with their lives.Imagine Nigel Studworthy standing outside his sleek, royal blue Aston Martin while Penelope Lovelace, his sweetheart and heiress to Britain&#8217;s largest publishing empire, shivers in the darkening evening, as the wind picks up and the temperature drops. His keys are ... somewhere amongst all the camping gear in their tent, the very tent they just spent the last hour pitching, or his keys might be somewhere in the Aston Martin.With exasperation in his voice, Nigel fretted, &#8220;I don&#8217;t understand how this key finder could fail me! I bought it at Radio Shack!&#8221;Penelope looked wistfully into the trees and said, &#8220;If only we&#8217;d bought some piece of kit that was made in China. The Chinese seem to be making half of everything these days.&#8221;To quote Eminem, &#8220;Snap back to reality.&#8221; I tried all manner of re-inserting batteries to restart the sender and receiver, plus various combinations of buttons. The red light on each piece light up, they each made beeping sounds, but they never talked to each other. This thing is useless.I recycle everything that can be recycled. After I post this review, I&#8217;m removing the batteries and putting the sender and receiver into my box of electronics recycling ... right next to my 8 Track Tape Player and my Captain and Tenille tapes.I&#8217;m kidding about the last part, but as far as 1970&#8217;s music goes, Queen totally rocks!Looking at the other key finders on offer, the one by Emerson is also a piece of junk. For now, I tied two feet of blue rope to my keys, which has helped me locate them on several occasions. And every night, I make the effort to put my keys, telephone, wallet and glasses in the same place. Have a place for everything and make decluttering a regular habit.Of course, it&#8217;s best to be mindful of where you put things in the first place, but if you do misplace your keys, take a hint from Michael Jordan and keep looking!I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games, 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.-- Michael Jordan
I read the label and the claims and this stuff just doesn't do what it says.  I have brushed stainless sinks in my bathrooms and hard water.  I scrub the sinks with cleanser and a scothbrite pad.  They come out very clean but a few uses later, the sinks have hard water stains and all kinds of films in there.  So after cleaning and drying them, I applied Sheila Shine.  The fumes are totally noxious and the finish, while it does noticeably look great, doesn't last for more than 1 day.  I bothered to treat my entire kitchen sink once -- what a waste of time.  The bathroom sinks are comparatively tiny so I've tried it on them several times.  No difference.
I purchased this phone two years ago and refilled twice with NO problems.  I added a Tracfone airtime card two months ago (new phone number) and had continuous Roaming in my home area.  I called Tracfone 4 times, was always promised a call back within 48 hours, and was issued a new 'trouble' ticket each time.  As of today, no calls were ever returned, my airtime card has expired, my phone STILL displays roaming, and their only suggestion is that I buy another airtime card so THEY can resolve the problem.  They have record on my account of only 1 call about the roaming issue even though I was issued 4 trouble ticket numbers.  STAY AWAY FROM TRACFONE!!!
The one star is for product fulfillment not the item itself. I ordered this black graphite crayon but received a soft wooden pencil by the same manufacturer instead. Will enter another review when I finally get the right item.
I've owned one of these before so I didn't have much in the way of expectations for this product.  My prior magnetic erase board died slowly; the pen eventually stopped working and the ink caked onto board.  As low as my expectations were for this product I was unprepared for a failure as basic as the one I experience after receiving this product from Ace Hardware.  The magnets on this product were so weak it would not support its own weight.Slug-like it would slide slowly down my refrigerator toward the floor.  Resembling an over-eager and mentally diminished dog that has learned a single trick and performs it ad nauseum regardless of whether you punish or reward it, this product was relentless in it's quest for the floor.  Even when I placed the two additional magnets that come with the product (to be used to pin paper to the white board or another metal surface) to keep the board from sliding down the refrigerator, the product's suckitude persevered and managed to shove these makeshift help-stay-up magnets out of the way, succeeding in crashing to the floor in a noisy heap of failure and shame.I could probably package this up and ask Ace Hardware for another one, but honestly it's such a colossal piece of crud that I refuse to put any more effort into ordering something this poorly made from anyone.  I will go to a brick and mortar store where I can look someone in the eye and ask them, "Will this thing actually stick to my refrigerator?"  If it does not I will at least have the satisfaction of calling them out on their lies face to face.
I purchased this for my son for Christmas.  It looks sleek, but that is it.  It is extremely uncomfortable to wear in the ear.  I would not recommend this product.  I am purchasing him something else and throwing this into the trash.  What a waste of money.
I have not received the item and contacted the vendor but he is still not resolving the situation.
I have contacted Amazon by e-mail many times regarding the Advantus scale that is advertised as being able to download rate changes. There is no such a thing. Advantus no longer handles Postal scales. There is no web site to download rate changes. Amazon promised to get back with me but never has.George T. Weidinger
Worst bags ever.  They rip when I pull out a new one and try to unfold it.  Too delicate.  I go through 2 or 3 of them before one will unfold and not rip.  Will never buy again.
Every bag tears down the seam.  EVERY bag.  They are defective and extremely poor quality.  No quality assurance by Stout.  PLEASE, Do Not Waste your money.  They are quite literally a rip off!!!!
I wanted to like them, but I could't even take them apart to open and put in a can without them tearing to shreds. I had to return them and I have yet to find a replacement besides the ones at whole foods that you can only buy in packages of 12.
this is a poorly made and poor quality product.. very cheap and i dont mean the price..
This is one of those "looks good on paper" products. Don't get this. I am using it with Quickbooks. I suspect you'd have better luck if you were using it stand alone.Let's start with the good things about this product. First off, again, I'd like to preface this with how I am using it. I run my business using Quickbooks, and am using this product as a "check printer". The software has money management software built into it, so I imagine this is how they concentrated on using it -- with the built in management software, and not as a "check printer"... When you use the software it really "feels" like it was intended to be used without Quickbooks, or Quicken.The software feels very clunky. It isn't the most intuitive software on the planet, but it's not the worst, either. It has a very unpolished feel to the UI and to the feedback messages it gives back. Which brings me to the primary reason I hate this product.It stopped working for me, and flashed a nondescript error on the screen. I've been trying to get a hold of their support staff to assist me with the software, but I've got no response. So, not only is the software bad, but the support is horrible.If you are a Quicken or Quickbooks user looking to leverage this as a component of these software packages, steer clear. You are better off just getting regular check blanks like we used to since day one. :) I hope this helps save some folks some money.
The ink does not work for my lexmark printer.The ink just leaks out of the cartridge when printing and a little when not.I'm not am expert when it comes to ink but in seems like its not thick enough,like they forgot an ingredient
The Honeywell HZ-3750WP digital ceramic heater is a cheezy bit of silliness.  Having lived with a cold bathroom for many years and worn out many small electric heaters, I can say from experience that this model is not worth the trouble.  It irritates me that heater manufacturers rarely mention the fact that their heaters have a fan.  A fan is a complete waste of money for a bathroom heater.  Like most other heaters of this type, the fan is not mentioned anywhere; not on the box, not in the Amazon description.  The important thing is to heat you, not the room.  Air circulation is not all that important.So, what is the best small room heater design?  Your best bet is a quartz or carbon rod heater with no fan.  This design is much like standing in front of a nice warm fire.  All of the electricity goes into the heat.  The fan does almost nothing and is just a waste of wattage.  Standing in front of a pure radiant heater, even if the rest of the room is cold, you are toasty warm.  I do believe the consumer product rating organizations agree with me on this.The important thing is to heat you, not the room.  This little bummer is only moderately effective in reaching that goal.
The ring doesn't work smoothly as supposed to be. You cannot use it for writing since the ink was already dry when we received the item. And lastly, it was just two weeks ago and the pen got broken easily. Better to buy rsvp mx mod materials and assemble it.
This seems to be all plastic. In looking for the writing end, I carefully unscrewed a plastic screw and it was very difficult to get it back on. The pen I received is black with a little bit of light green. I am thinking of returning it. It just is not very nice at all.
I bought this on clearance at Walmart for $[...]. It's not worth half that. The box looks cool and makes you think that this is something it's not. It is a pen. A weighted pen. Basically, they want you to pay $[...] for a stick with instructions on how to twiddle your fingers. This is a scam and if I'd paid the full price for this I'd have to kick my own butt. Like I said, I only paid $[...] for this and I'm still thoroughly angry with such a stupid idea at what they call a toy. Do me a favor. If you bought this thing, use it to write a letter to the manufacturer. I will be.
This is just a pitiful way to try to earn/scam money. You can do this all with a regular pencil/pen. There is no reason for someone to buy this product. I have done all those tricks without the aid of some product like that....
Item breaks easily, lacks grip and not balanced. I'm just totally not happy with it, cannot be recommended to spinners!
I was very disappointed in this item. Mine was green, not particularly appealing. It was made of plastic parts, and the one screw I carefully unscrewed, I barely was able to screw back. It wasn't very well made. Just not at all what I expected.
Bridge Plotters are made by Wentai Electrinics in China, the machines are ok although they do have an inadequate buffer built in to them, when doing large intricate graphics they tend to dump the memory and you end up wasting vinyl. also the software that is supplied is called Art Cut, it has too many glitches in it to run smoothly. many users have the problem that the software keeps asking you to install the CD and then press OK, once this has been done it repeats itself.They are great machines if you can find alternative software to run them.I have been in the business many years and I bought a 48" Bridge plotter, it has caused me nothing but problems. I am going to pay the extra and buy another Roland machine. I have owned two of them and never had any problems.You get what you pay for.
This UPS System didn't work for me. I had my computer and peripherals attached to it and whenever the power went out, it would last no more than a couple of minutes before it failed. As advertised, it had a screeching alarm to signal the power was out, but I found this to be more irritating than useful. After all, you pretty much know when the power goes out. Resetting it after the power outage was extremely difficult. After less than a year it wouldn't reset anymore and I had to trash it. I wish I had purchased a more robust UPS System that functioned more than a couple of minutes and lasted more than a year.
honestly, this stuff smells like a public bathroom, and not the good kind.  the fragrance is terrible.  get a different type of glycolized air cleaner
I bought these locally at Staples, but they smartly don't admit to selling them on their website.I sorted out at least 4 of the 20 or so cards I went through due to large noticeable blemishes.  All the cards were poorly die cut and had hanging tabs.Also the packaging is weak... no cardboard backer, so all the sheets had a bow to them.  The resealable tab on the bag is super aggressive and you can accidentally damage the sheets with it.Don't buy if you want something really nice.Of the ones that weren't bent or blemished they printed well and held up fine as table cards at my wedding.
I was not pleased with this item. I later went back and read all that I could on this item and then saw it was "halloween jewlery". The description says basiclly it is a velvet choker with a metal pentacle charm. You get it and the velvet is more like paper that easily rips and the charm isnt even metal. It feels like plastic. Not a nice peice of jewlery, but a great choker for costume dress up only. Something you would probably never wear again after halloween. IF YOU ARE A WICCAN YOU WILL NOT BE INTERESTED IN THIS ITEM TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION FOR PRACTICE.
I give it one star because it was 999.8 grams instead of an even 1000 grams. Other than that this is a good product.
Tape will not remain in ready position, so rolls back on itself -- contrary to advertisement.  Buy something else if you need a decent tape dispenser.
It was my fault for taking a chance, given other people's warnings, but unfortunately this item did arrive to me COMPLETELY DAMAGED. One corner of the board and frame was completely broken off, there are cracks in the back of the board covering 1/3 of the surface, the entire board itself is warped, and there is one crack and one dent on the front of the board.I took the chance because I was willing to accept a little bit of wear and tear from the journey, but the board came completely unusable. Don't make the same mistake I did. It's a hassle even to return, because you have to repackage the entire thing in order to send it back (packaging came too damaged to even use to send back).
Arrived broken but the packaging looked fine.  Shame on me I did not open it until after the time to return it had passed.
As with many other customers, my board came damaged and now I am frustrated and inconvienienced.  Do NOT buy this board.  I sent Amazon a note telliong them to remove this product since they are promoting a product that many customers are unhappy about.
After arriving 4 days late, I open the board package to find it cracked in two places. It was a graduation gift but I had to go buy one at a store for twice as much and drive it to the college.
Dented board because of poor packaging. The board works well. First time I receive something damaged from Amazon.!!!!Dont Buy!!!!!
When I ordered this product I failed to read the other reviews before hand and was unaware of the bad ratings. Those ratings and reviews ended up being true to their word and worse. They shipped it on the first day I could have been able to expect my order to arrive at my door. It only got worse as they extended the expected delivery day from when it once was. Upon receiving my product, my board had a crack running down the board horizontally. Being owner of a different white board i took note that the material on this one was MADE OF CHEAP MATERIAL. Another setback on this board is that it is not magnetic. This board and COMPANY SHOULD BE AVOIDED at all cost. I immediately shipped it back for a return, a hassle you can save.
Great size white board, great low price....however, it is cheaply made.  My board was not damaged in shipment, but I can see how it would.  The surface is brittle thin so that anything that may strike the board will puncture it. In fact, while trying to mount it on the wall, the board fell over onto a toy and just falling on it put a hole in the board. wtf!!! I recommend you pass on this board unless you want to take the chance that it wont damage during shipment, mounting or even using it. I'm certain a marker striking against the board would put a whole in it.
I read reviews about the board being damaged upon receipt, but figured I might as well give it a shot since Amazon is so great with returns.  I just got the board, and it is no wonder that everyone has theirs damaged.  It would take a miracle for this board to not be damaged upon arrival.  There is ABSOLUTELY no protection around the board, and the packaging is just thin cardboard.  There were punctures all over the board and the thing was warped.I DO NOT recommend trying to get this thing shipped.  Only positive is that I got a full refund as soon as I told them what had happened, but there seems to be no drive to improve the packaging.
I was wary ordering this because so many other people were reporting packaging and damage during shipping problems.Sadly I had the same issue.The white board arrived - and immediately I noticed a puncture in the outer cardboard packaging. I carefully opened the box, removed the polystyrene packing - and there, in the corresponding location on the white board, was a large dent and scratch.Working with Amazon now for a replacement.The white board itself looks good - I'll update this review with details of the replacement.Update:A replacement white board was shipped with overnight shipping - and the packaging was punctured on delivery with a hole punched through the whiteboard.I'd recommend that until this product packaging is improved that you AVOID THIS.
In terms of "protection" the packaging only comes with a strip of styrofoam along each edge of the board and nothing protecting the front or back. When it arrived there was just a little hole punched in the side of the box but that resulted in a huge crater being taken out of the board because it's made of such cheap material.  Also, through amazon you can only get a refund and not a replacement.  It's just as well though, I don't want anything to do with this company.
Looked like it would have been a decent board. But when recieved it had a Hole straight through packaging and board. The board also had very dented edges.
The size was perfect for my home office. However, packaging is aweful. It was completely broken. I ended up returning this item. If you are planning to get this product, I would recommend another seller or some other department store.
I'd read reviews where customers warned that their boards had been damaged during shipment, so I inspected the package carefully on arrival. Mine came with no damage to the carton. Unfortunately, it seems the problems aren't with the delivery, but with the manufacturer.I opened the flaps of the package and the board looked great. I needed another set of hands to help me hang it, so I didn't take it out of the cardboard. Instead I closed it back up and waited for assistance.Once I had help, we pulled the board all of the way out of the carton and, to my dismay, what I thought had been the front of the board was the back. On the front there is a crack--yes it was dented so deeply the board surface is cracked. The damaged area is about two inches long.Unfortunately, it is now past the returns deadline so I have to fork over the money to send this back myself. But what really burns me is that the product was actually packaged and mailed with the damage done to it. Evidently this company either has no quality assurance process, or it hopes that people like me will settle for damaged goods.I purchase much from Amazon, but this one is really a dud. I think Amazon should skip items from this company, Universal.
Amazon deleted my review but I'll try again.  As others noted, it gets easily damaged in shipping.  If it were a stronger material that would be less likely to happen.  But that said, if you can get it there in one piece, I imagine it would be fine.UPDATE: Ordered another and more damaged than the first.  I even tried a different seller this time (although packaging was identical).  I'm going with a more expensive board.  Congrats to those who it did work out for, I can't seem to get lucky with this one.
I decided to gamble on the product based on the reviews.  Some were positive and had good experiences and I had hoped I would be one of them.  Unfortunately, like the others on here I received a damaged product in shipping.  Not only was it damaged, it had a giant footprint on the box.  This to me is not only poor service but also incredibly insulting.  A box with fragile handle with care should never arrive at my doorstep with a giant footprint and puncture holes.Don't make the same mistake I did.  Until they have resolved the issues with poor protection for the product don't bother.
I've never had a problem with orders from Amazon in the past; anything I've ever ordered always came in good condition-- in part because I tend to read seller descriptions of products, but I guess this made me careless when it comes to reading customer reviews. Lesson learned-- I should have read the reviews of this product! If I saw how many negative reviews this seller has, I definitely would have avoided them. This board came the morning after I ordered it, which was great. However, when I took it out of its cardboard package, the first thing I noticed was a deep gash running horizontally across it, followed by a shallow crack and a few dents. The package itself seemed fine, so I'm assuming the seller actually shipped it out damaged... which is unbelievable. Now I'm in the process of returning (and hopefully replacing) it. Based on other reviews, and seeing that others were very happy with that they got, it seems that you have a more or less 50/50 risk with this seller. That's too much for me, so my advice to you is to spend your money on a seller with a solid reputation.
I read the review from May 2011 and thought maybe the packaging issue would be resolved.  I was wrong.  The cardboard is too thin for the size of the board and there is no packaging materials to protect the body of the board.  There were small strips of styrofoam along the outer edges and plastic corner protectors, but absolutely nothing to protect the body of the board.  I returned the board at Staples and found a similar one for the same price that wasn't damaged.  Amazon makes returns easy, but the board is challenging to get into and out of the car.  Staples did a great job handling the return for me, and then carried the board I bought there, placing it in my car for me.  So, all in all, it wound up being a good experience.  It's a shame that the packaging wasn't better, the board seemed to be of nice quality.
I would not recommend this item. The board was packaged in only a very thin cardboard box - there was no interior cushioning or protection for the face of the board.  It arrived with box looking intact - but with a few small tears / holes where the box had been pierced and the face of the board was gouged in multiple places. I'm sure better packing could have avoided this since the box didn't look mistreated.At least Amazon was great about handling the return.
Big gash in the front that broke through the board layers.Long deep scratch on the rear that broke through a couple layers.
I rarely leave reviews for products, but this was the only product I have ever returned on Amazon.  I took it out of the cheap packaging and the frame was warped and the board itself had a huge dent in it.
Somehow this board comes up on the search for magnetic dry erase board, and it doesn't say anywhere in the product description, but this is NON-magnetic.
I was hoping that the dry erase board that I purchased from this user would not break, unfortunately it did. I am going to just buy a dry ease board somewhere in person. By the way, I'm raging.
the packaging and product were damaged. looked like the right size that i wanted and looked like a good product. I've read a few reviews of this whiteboard with packaging issues.
My first attempt at purchasing this whiteboard did not go well; it arrived damaged. The packaging is not all that great, when UPS delivered it, the outer cardboard was gouged by something and the whiteboard itself was cracked on both front and back. Trying to get a replacement. The white oars itself appears sturdy.
My installation CD actually had a VIRUS on it! My McAfee anti-virus caught it, but if you don't, this virus actually hides itself and then attacks the registry and dlls later.
Tried to install retail version which I purchased via Amazon.What a headache.PC tools tech support had me jumping thru hoops and pasteing things etc. and still not installed This was a big mistake.Stay away from PC TOOLS
The product says SCA in the title and yet it is too light for SCA combat.  Also, visors may be a nifty idea but they demolish your peripheral vision.  This is strictly a costume piece, nothing more.
If you want to pour any F-ing substance in your coffee that resembles milk/cream without any concern for what chemicals are actually being put in your coffee, then 5 stars.Otherwise, this product should receive 0 stars - for marekting itself as "Creamer" but not actually having any cream in it.
This product does not have the male audio cable ends. Thought the quality of the vga cable is great, the seller of this product is lying when they say that the cable includes audio and includes inaccurate pictures
terrible waste of money.nothing like what i expected.flimsy cardboard.pasted together by a four year old child.if made in china, the aforesaid my likely be true.
This box is worth about 50 cents, which is why it's getting 1 star.  Mine was not put together well.  I think $2.50 is the max I would have paid for this if I saw it at a store - and that's IF it was put together well.It is WAY over priced which is upsetting that people are being taken advantage of with something that is very low quality.I can get a regular pencil box for cheaper than this and it'd already be decorated or I could just decorate over it.I will not buy this again.
I would probably not choose to waste my time working on such a cheap and flimsy box even if it were free. As it was, it came crushed. Looks unattractive.
These are cheaply made - the hook and loop closures literally come off of the plastic they are supposed to be secured to.  We bought a huge quantity of these to use as a method to distribute materials to students - what a huge waste of money and resources.  So disappointed.  :(
the software will not load on my computer.  I could not get the program to work at my computer.  The software was a waste of my money.
USELESS. TRANSFERS DID NOT WORK WHEN IRONED ON..  WASTE OF MONEY. DO NOT BUY. BAD PRODUCT NO MATTER WHAT MEDIUM
do not buy this i sold mine for 40.00 with the wheel used so it can be found for ALOT cheaper
If anybody pays this much for this product, they're nuts.  It's not hard to find at any local Best Buy, or even here at Amazon for retail.  Nice picture of the open box too.
Why not just keep it included when you buy the pecs book?  That's really unacceptable, especially when you always did before.
I knew I was purchasing a pre-owned product but the pictures the seller posted and the item I received was no where close to one another. The pictures look as if the item was unopened but there was alot of pieces missing, such aslegs, arms, and other things.
This is a custom repaint of the Energon version of Ravage, painted in the colors of G1 Ravage. That is... actually pretty cool. However, this seller emphasizes over and over *and over* in bold and caps that this is the actual G1 Ravage, when it clearly isn't: G1 Ravage was a cassette that fit inside Soundwave, was quite two-dimensional, and there's no mistaking Energon Ravage for him.
The toy pictured is not, in fact, the G1 Ravage. It is instead what appears to be a custom-painted Battle Ravage figure from the recent Energon line of toys. While it is a very nice custom paint job, it is not, as advertised, an original Ravage from the 1980s (Which turned into a cassete tape, and was rather flat-looking)
How do I find a bible cover to fit my Large print Study Bible?9.5 x 6.9 x 2.5 Bible dimns
The description said it was a black leather, but when it arrived it was actually a burgundy colored pebble-texture! Also, the size wasn't right.
Extremely poor quality and cheap looking item. The "leather" used was a bunch of small patches sewn together, causing hideous seams to be readily apparant throughout the object. There are loose patches of leather and strings everywhere from the shoddy workmanship. The zippers and velcro pouches do not even line up correctly and there are huge wrinkles in the cover because the sewing is so crooked. Please spend the extra money and get yourself a nice cover, this one is a complete waste (to quote another reviewer, it looks like it came from a dollar store where everything really is $1).
I purchased this bible cover with the frequently purchased item tab when I purchased the bible!  The cover was too small and their customer service person was very rude.  They didn't even offer to send out the right size!  Even had to get Amazon involved to get some kind of action taken on the companies part.  What a mess.  Would never recommend to anyone!
Would not recommend this cover to anyone. Poor construction and not worth the postage to return it. Buyer beware. Not worth it.
Product arrived quickly but defective.Zipper broken. And had to pay $5 to return a low quality product. Plus I had to pay shipping to get a product that I still don't have. Not knowing if I ever will get my money back. Big lost for me.
I received the cover quickly, however it didn't fit my Bible. I had used the measurement given and measured my Bible and if anything it was supposed to be a bit large. That wasn't the case. For a correct measurement, at least with the cover I received, you need to take several inches off the measurement given on the website. As for it being &#34;leather&#34;...it feels unlike any leather I have ever had and it  doesn't smell like any leather I've ever had. Because it was so inexpensive, I won't bother sending it back. I won't be purchasing any further &#34;Embassy&#34; products again. I wish I had listened to the other complaints I read about this company! Be warned.
I bought this for my mom, the zipper broke the first few times she used it. Don't waste your money.
I never got a chance to actually see this product. The seller did not ship the order before the shipping deadline. I e-mailed the seller to ask if there was a problem with the order--the seller never replied, never sent the merchandise and never billed my credit card. Now, I cannot even leave bad feedback on this merchant. The product is simply listed as "unavailable," and Amazon has removed the order from my order listings.  If these folks ever re-appear, I would advise the buyer to BEWARE!!!
This dispenser is not metered.  There is no way to change the settings.  It is no better than the store bought air wick dispensers.
The pumps are defective, clog, stop working, and are generally useless.  The pump is also not removable once connected, so when it gets clogged you cannot take it apart to clean it.I went through 4 of these to give them a chance because I really wanted to cut down the waste from the little cups in my office, but they all clog and stop working, often before it's even half empty.Will not buy again.
Coffee-mate Coffee Creamer, French Vanilla Pump Bottle, 1.5L (Pack of 2)One bottle lasted me over a month, and I am a coffee hound.  But, I believe they forgot to put the French Vanilla flavoring in the receipe, it tastes like regular coffee creamer, I was truly disappointed.
Placed the order, but it never showed up. Checked on the status after several weeks (after the date I was supposed to have received it by), and it was never sent. Company did issue a refund, but was very disappointed as it was supposed to be a gift to go with a chalkboard that I bought in a store.
Maybe I just got a flawed eraser, but it doesn't erase the chalk and it kind of splits in pieces while I erase.  I have had better results using a Kleenex.
I received my stack and started using them. I have had a 10% failure rate with these Sony discs,  Memorex and TDK have all been great, I'll never buy Sony Blank media again.
The cards that are depicted in this ad are NOT what you will receive. I ordered because the cards shown would be good in a business setting, but received a bundle of handmade and more "personal" style cards.  The seller sent me a second bundle to replace the first (without charging), but the second bundle are also not appropriate for corporate giving.  I did indicate to the seller the purpose of my purchase before the second bundle was sent.  The cards sent are very nice, but not what I wanted.  The seller should update the photo so that buyers will know exactly what they are ordering...
not worth the money.The cards are cheaply made and the design on the cards were not something you buy in a store.THe shipping was fast , and the packaging was good ,but the cards left a lot to be desired.
I did not like the photos on the cards did not look very nice and neat.
The product photo shows a black embossed leather strap (which is what I wanted), the product I received had a brown embossed leather strap; the product description said "Used - Like New", the product I received had a VERY worn leather strap, scratched metal parts, and a scratched crystal face that looked nothing even close to new; inside the package along with the product were copies of receipts and notes related to the previous purchase of the same product indicating that this particular watch had been returned to Amazon only six weeks before I had purchased it for the reason: "Defective/Does not work properly"... I'm wondering why Amazon would choose to risk their reputation to pawn off such a shoddy item? I feel like I've been cheated and my time and money has been wasted. I'm not even sure the local thrift shop will be able to do anything this watch.
This was very ugly and I waited to long to send it back.  I have no more words to use
I would stay away from this item if I had another opportunity. It was represented as a rainbow colored glass paperweight which in real life was ONLY a CLEAR GLASS item with a &#34;Silver Foil Backed&#34; application that made it look multi colored. A REAL FAKE PIECE OF JUNK!
It was not at all what I expected....You have to have an antenna to recieve the digital channels and I bought one and still didn't get but 1 channel. Also you can not recieve digital channels through you cable line I was under the impression you could.....so I could not record 2 shows at once like I was lead to believe.....now the card just sits in my closet, It ended up to be a waste of money!!!!!!!
Had very high hopes this would solve our hourly employee sign-in/out issues but still have not been able to install the product.  Halfway thru the installation, you have to stop everything and email them a copy of your purchase receipt and a saved file from the installation disk.  Unfortunately, I cannot locate my purchase receipt and haven't had time to call for a work-around.  Besides the receipt, the one thing I don't have is extra time to deal with unnecessary things like this.  I purchased the product new, had the product code and the installation file from the disk.  That should really be enough.
Product not as pictured, shipped damaged - overpriced. Would not buy from this seller again. Beware of buying without a complete description of what is included.
I was in love with this thing at first... Until it stopped working. You see, it has had just one drawback -- mine apparently comes featured with a button which makes the thing stop working until you turn it off, and take the receiver out of your computer and then put it back in. Needless to say, if you are giving a presentation and you are constantly turning off your powerpoint wizard and unplugging and then plugging back in your receiver, it is incredibly annoying. In other words, this product is worthless...Also, the explanation booklet reads like it was written by a 6th grader whose native language is not English (nor Indo-European, for that matter).For the company's part, they did not respond to an email inquiry, so don't expect much tech support either.It could just be that my specific product was faulty/I don't know how to operate the thing properly, but nevertheless, that's been my experience with thing.
WOW worst pen ever not only did it barely work it leaked on my sketch and all over my hands. I know it was only $3 but at least don't leak black ink all over me!
If I could give it zero stars I would.  Pen didnt even work, it leaked all over & almost ruined my project.  Went straight to the garbage.
Loved the fine point of the pen and then I used it for a whole sentence. The ink skipped about every other letter. I tried writing over the letters that were skipped but that was a pain so just decided to use another pen.
This thing is just horrible. Where do I start? The color isn't dark enough, I couldn't write fast enough as the ink stops flowing. And, then, now it writes double, really thick, too much ink, too little ink, it just doesn't work any more.I used to have a nice drafting pen years ago, I was hoping this would work like that, but no, this isn't it. Very disappointed.
Know what you are getting!  The puzzles are much smaller than the pages -- 2.5 inches by 2.5 inches -- so small that it is almost impossible to make notes in the squares.  There is also nothing about difficulty levels although the puzzles seem to vary in difficulty.
I'd love to say my wife loved this anniversay gift, but it was lost in shipping by USPS. I'm still in Iraq, so it's been a pain to get this resovled. Maybe soon I can give a great review. The Seller did ship Item Same day, not there Fault. I will update if USPS reimburses me and I purchase a replacement for My wife.
I really don't blame amazon for the problem since they did make syre I got my refund but this vendor didn't even do anything to make sure the order was in fact filled I recieved a postal service number from them saying it was shipped but usps site said electronic infoi recieved so after 2 weeks and no item i called the postal service and they told me that after recieving the rquest for the shipping number the seller never contacted them either to pick up the merchandise or cancel the order. At which timne I contacted the seller who insisted it had shipped and told me to just wait. I didn't like it but figured give em a chance. A week later i tried to contact them again and was ignored. This was too much so I contacted amazon and got a refund. I love buying from amazon but this seller is definaately a no go.
This calendar is terrible.There are only 40 different planes and "different" is a real stretch. Only about 10 of the planes fly more than five feet. Nearly all of the instructions by one of the two authors are hard to read and frustrating to fold. Many of the planes tear as you fold them. I do not normally have any trouble folding origami either.MOST OF ALL you have to make the same few planes nearly ten times each in a single year.
I tried using this chalk eraser with both liquid and regular chalk on a chalkboard contact paper. It did not work at all.
Felt beads up and wears out fast.  These are NOT the erasers I remember in grade school.Those were dense and industrial.  This one is not dense and the felt bends easy.
Did not like this. I have painted chalkboard walls and this does not work. Does a terrible job erasing. Leaves lots behind. Would not recommend this to anyone!
It says 54 wooden handle and that is why I ordered it.  I needed a 54&#34; handle.  If the 54 is not for inches, then what does it stand for? And then having to return it cost me almost $10.  So, I paid $10 for something with false advertising about what it is.  I am NOT happy with them.
This product is useless. We used it one time and by the time we arrived our destination all were broken and 2 out of 4 were not even on luggage. It is better to pay more and get better product. This is a cheap product and no reason to waste your money.
Took all four on vacation and barely got home with the last one not falling apart.  Very flimsy, adjustment doesn't hold, plastic fasteners broke.  Would not purchase again.
They look and work like something from the Dollar Store. The straps themselves seem sturdy enough, but the buckles pull open with slight pressure. I definitely wouldn't trust one to hold my suitcase closed under any pressure or movement. Maybe I should have paid more and just gotten one good strap instead of 4 crummy ones.
Do not use these to assist you in lifting or pulling your luggage! I does not have a tight/strong clip. Not well made
Don't waste your money unless you are looking for a fashion belt--every single one of them pulled apart with about 5 pounds of pressure.
Paid just 99 cents plus S&H for these and not even worth that. The plastic closer is light and cheap and will not stay closed. One of them just broke off opening it up. Look for anything else as these are total junk!
It is a bad product. It is so loose, it just pops out. It is very weak. definitely not recommended
My Nike Ipod ended up falling out of this pouch and I lost it! Not a good pouch. Don't buy it.
I went cheap because I never thought this could happen since the pouch doesn't actually touch anything.  The stitching came loose along the side during my third run.  The sensor fell out and was lost.  It didn't last even 12 miles.  I would avoid this at all costs.
In the product description, It was given 11 pounds but when I got, I found less than one pond. Very disappointed. Worst shopping in amazon so far. Highly Regretted. :(
Really not much to say.  I bought one because it looked cool and other than glass, it's the only surface I have ever found that my Bluetrack wireless mouse doesn't work reliably on.  I can use my jeans, my carpet, my hair, a dry erase board, the wall, my desk, even my curled up ferret sleeping in my lap flawlessly as a mouse surface with my Bluetrack mouse but somehow these mouse rugs don't work well.  It will hang up and lose track of the surface and it's almost impossibly to aim smoothly in games as it will jump around as the mouse struggles to detect it's surface.  I returned it and bought a simple blue 2.99 foam mouse pad and it works infinitely better than this thing.
I purchased the Q-See QSD6209 9 Channel MPEG4 Network DVR on 8-3-08 to view parking lots at a remote property. Let me first point out, I'm a "techy" kind of guy as previously I was running 5 DLINK 5300 cams with no problems, my only issue was I wanted the ability to record and playback. Mabey its an issue of "U get what u pay for" but this low budget DVR has been unreliable basically since day one. When I first installed it (I had to install my own hard drive) and after app. 30 days I was not able to connect remotely at all. After resetting the DVR to the default settings (several times over a 30 day period)I was able to connect "most" of the time. Within the 2nd month of usage the unit would give an error message stating the remote password was incorrect. The only way I could correct this was to drive app.40 miles to the site, turn the unit off (wait app 2 minutes) and turn it back on, let me also add, on several occasions when I drove to the site to reset the dvr the unit was "locked up" to a point where none of the controls worked until I turned it off and back on. The password problem started getting worse to the point where it was happening several times a week, to prevent the frequent 40 mile drive I connected the device to an electric timer that made it reset every 24 hours. That worked well for another 4-6 weeks until it got to a point where it would not connect remotely even after the reset. A call to Qsee was totally useless as it sounded as though their support personnel are not very knowledgeable about their own products. My attention will now turn to the higher end, NON QSEE dvr's as this "budget model" reflects an unreliable history. I might add, I find it rather ironic that Amazon no longer sells this product.
The holder was much larger then a calander is. It was to large for the wall where I have always had a calender.  I tried to get the holder returned but it was going to cost me almost as much as I  paid for the thing to send it back. I tried 3 different places to try and send it backthey all wanted almost $13 I onlky paid $25 and then I also lost money it cost m to ship it tome.
This frame was a disappointment for the following reasons:1.  It does not accommodate a 24" long calendar as advertised because the hook drops the calendar down by almost an inch, which means you must either tuck the calendar behind the basket or let it hang in front of (and in) it.2.  The wrought iron is chintzy and does not lay smoothly against the wall.3.  It does not include any way of attaching it to the wall, like a screw or two (and it isn't designed with a spot to put a screw).4.  The basket wire has large holes in it which will allow a pen or pencil to drop right through onto the floor or, in our case, into the cat's water dish.If our calendar was a couple inches shorter, I probably would have kept this frame in spite of the other issues, so the frame IS usable in the right situation.  However, for a nice Lang or other large size calendar, it just isn't that great.
I ordered this device as a Christmas gift because my partner likes to read in bed and has difficulty holding the book.  The PhiferReader explicitly promotes the side reading feature, so I thought it would be a perfect solution to the problem.  In fact, the reader is a clunky, heavy device that is awkward to hold and a hassle to use.The primary problem is that the device has two clamps that hold the book in place at the bottom of the pages.  That's great for the three minutes it takes to read those two pages, but you then have to take the book out of the device, turn the page and reinsert the book into the device in order to keep reading.  To say the least, this is a supreme headache and, in my view, defeats the purpose of the device.I am returning this product.
The first time I used this laptop stand, it made a huge scratch in the top of my dining room table!I suggest you do not use this laptop stand under any circumstances.There is a screw head exposed on the bottom of the laptop stand.  (You can see the chrome plated screw head in the picture in the center of the circle on the bottom of the stand.)  This sharp screw head actually extends below the level of the rubber feet on the bottom of the stand.  No, it is not an adjustment problem -- the screw cannot be tightened to go in any further.You will seriously damage any table top if you use this laptop stand.
Bad
It's practically impossible not to spill soup as you pull the metal lid off. HORRIBLE DESIGN!The food tastes bad, too. The whole product is bad. It is so bad, they must have had to research to make it this bad.
I bought this bags for my daughter in college and every bag was not sealed at the bottem. I had her send them home because I couldn't believe all 130 were like that, but they were. Needless to say I had to get her some new ones and then deal with the rejects.
This is junk and all of the color containers were dried out and worthless. Don't waste your money!
These bags are terrible.  I purchased from two different sources not realizing they were the same bags as they come with with the label Envision on the box, not Stout so I didn't realize I purchased the same bags again.They are very thin and most of the bags I "tried" to use had a defect making them tear when I put any garbage in them.  They are cheap for a reason, they are BAD!.Stout EcoDegradable Bags, Medium Strength, 13 Gallons,0.7 Milliliters, 24 x 30, White, 120/Carton (G2430W70)
It was a Tuesday afternoon like every other Tuesday afternoon. I wandered the house looking for a distraction, something to break the monotony of a warm summer's day."A toilet seat cover!" I exclaimed, my face flush with giddiness. I sprang to my laptop and ordered not your typical toilet seat cover, no... a premium toilet seat cover.As the days passed my anticipation grew. Each day I would come home from work and pray that the premium toilet seat cover had arrived, but time and again I was disappointed.Then, one day, a Friday to be exact, it came.I marveled at the compactness of the box."Now that's some ingenious packing!" I said, reassured that I had made the right choice in going with the premium model.I quickly tore the package open, like a child on Christmas morn. I was astounded by the size, so small! I scratched my head. I rummaged through the torn packaging for the instructions, but it was some sort of gibberish about USB this and eject that. Clearlythis was going to take some time to install.I steeled my nerves with a shot of my finest whiskey. premium toilet seat cover firmly in hand, I confidently strode into the bathroom. I removed my old worn out toilet seat cover without any issue, and with a renewed confidence, I placed the premium toilet seat cover in it's place.Plop!My heart sank! The premium toilet seat cover had fallen through the seat which it was supposed to cover! I plunged my hand into the icy cold water but my other hand had accidentally hit the lever on the toilet tank...and in a wink of an eye it was gone, grabbed by a swirling vortex of water and whisked away to what I imagine is a better place.I called the company...maybe there was something they could do...they were nice..cheerful, even....but eventually called me a USB something....such language....
After years of cleaning toilets, I finally decided I had enough and found these toilet seat covers.  Finally, I thought, "I've discovered the answer to my toilet cleaning woes."  I immediately ordered these and eagerly anticipated their arrival.When they arrived, I was a bit baffled by the design.  It was a bit small, but I thought that perhaps the covers had been folded by origami experts and were enclosed in the red and black unit.  I tried many different ways to get to the covers that are surely hidden in the unit.  I finally broke down and took a hammer to the toilet seat cover applicator, and to my dismay, NO seat covers were inside!This led me to suspect that the black and red unit itself was the seat cover.  Thus, I spent several days gluing it back together and another two weeks waiting for my fingers (which I'd super-glued together) to come free of each other.I tried to stretch the seat cover over my toilet seat.  I turned it this way and that, and it just would not cover the seat.  It is also a bit uncomfortable to sit upon while attempting to use the toilet.My last complaint is that they do NOT dissolve!  These covers are supposedly made of quickly dissolving paper.  However, when I finished with mine, I tossed it into the toilet, assuming it would dissolve away.  3 calls to the plumber later, and a brand new toilet, the cover has finally been removed.  And, using the plumber's recommendation, I tossed it into the trash can.All in all, I am very disappointed with these covers and would not recommend buying them.  They are definitely NOT AS ADVERTISED.1 star because they arrived quickly.
The paperweight I received was not the color the picture described I was hoping for a dark blue paperweight but instead it was a clear color
This is an excellent GAG gift, but there were a number of pivotal aspects of Mrs. Palin's career that were not featured and that is why I rated it with 1 star.Where were the pictures of Palin with one of her mnain mentors, the corrupt Senator Ted Stevens?.. or teh Wasilla library, where she cared enough to try to "filter" the books in order to "protect" the public?.. or the backyard barbecue with related-by-marraige drug offender Sherry Johnston?...and of course we should see the corpses of wolves slaughtered from airplanes displayed along with the snazzy $150K wardrobe bought by the RNC.Maybe the 2010 Sarah calendar will include these pivotal parts of Mrs. Palin's career.
I've been a (R) my whole life but this is just sad.  Why not a calendar of Rudy and his 3 wives?  Or Cheney duck hunting in camo?  I'll put a picture of her on the wall when she has done something of merit, but not till then.
I saw the July photo of her wrapped in an American flag.  U.S. Code Section 4-(d) states "The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery." I knew that as a veteran. Perhaps this governor should have take a refresher course in civics and proper respect of our American flag while running for Vice President. She might also continue reading in the code about the flag never to be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever.
It's great to see how many morons we share this country with. At least I know it will be easy to keep my job with so many sheep out there.
Oh, gosh, this is toooo funny!! What a joke this woman is. And what an embarrassment! This calendar is a great gag gift!
Shouldn't we tell her? This is a "gag-gift." And aren't we being a little cruel to continue to make fun of this woman by suggesting she's a credible figure? I mean, honestly, I think she thinks this is all real! That someone, somewhere, actually admires her or takes her seriously. I think she actually believes that she's a viable politician! Can you imagine?She's clearly not getting the joke here, but I think all who buy this calendar or continue to participate in keeping this absurdity over Palin afloat, is akin to the kind of people who would trip a blind man or roll someone in a wheelchair out into traffic, etc. This is very wrong. Sure, it's been fun, we've all had a lot of laughs since she emerged on the national scene because no doubt, she's a "character" and jokes come easily over someone who has trouble formulating a simple sentence, but something tells me it's time for us to grow up and let this woman know that we're sorry we've had so much fun at her expense.
I think the American people ... at least the educated ones ... have seen and heard enough of this low-class, self-absorbed, self-serving, hypocritical, ignoramus ... see you on the clearance rack Palin ...
I received this from a co-worker as a white elephant gift. Just when I thought this lady would disappear I will be reminded of her for 12 months.
I got this as a gag gift at the office Christmas party, and I'm glad I did. Every month I will be reminded how lucky we are that this Wasilla hillbilly is back in Alaska and not in Washington.
I'll wait for the dollar store to get them.. i bet by May they will be there. Will work great for my archery classes.
Scarlett Johanssen blew her nose in a tissue and put it on eBay (proceeds to a charity).  The final bid was thousands of dollars.  People will buy anything.  Does anyone think it's incredible tacky for Sarah's friend to cash in on her this way?  I wonder if the profits are going to charity.  Somehow I doubt it.  People are hurting.  Don't waste your money on this crap.Sarah
Is this for real? Can people really be serious? No .. I mean really! Sarah Palin? Tina Fey was the entertainer of the year for a reason you know.I'm so happy that the majority (and I do mean MAJORITY) of Americans see her for what she is .. a ditso.
Can this calendar be used for toilet paper, because I just ran out of my John McCain election mailings???
This country needs more mentally disabled people toting guns like the cover of this calendar. No way that could end badly. I would have also liked some pix of the wonderful inlaws.
I ordered this early December and have not received it and have written them and have not gotten an answer as to why it has not been received!
I paid for and never receieved this product and Amazon was no help in helping me or settling the issue!
I didn't receive paper, I received envelopes.  The label was for 24lb rose fine granite paper.  The box was ivory envelopes, no paper.
The advetisement is very deceiving.I was under the impression that I was receiving a complete unit.  To my astonishment when it arrived, i asked myself as to what is this?A single tier, Bull crap.  Read the caption, it states Coin Case, not just one sheet of it.  I was expecting a small coin case as it stated.Will never purchase this again.Anthony
This piece of trash is for breeder males.  Do not ever suppose that this bears any relation to the lives or sexual behavior of lesbians!!!!!!!!!
junk
I love doing very intricate line work with my designs and these are fantastic. The .13 and .18 are my favorite pens ever, clean, reliable lines every time. I've borrowed the set from a friend and finally decided to invest is set god myself. The description reads that the smallest pen in the set was .13 and the largest was .60; I received them today and they sent me the larger set. The smallest is .25 and the largest is 1.2! I'm never going to use those, especially considering I almost never use the .5 I'm borrowing now because the line is too large. I hope they take these back and give me the right set. Otherwise that was a terrible waste of money.
These pens are not worth the price. You will spend more time cleaning them and trying to get them to work then you will spend drawing. Especially the 4x0 and the 6x0. These pens sizes are basically throw away pens because the nib size is so micro thin. $24 is a lot of money to spend on a throw away pen. Save your money and buy a disposable technical pen or felt tip.
I wish I had read all of the reviews more carefully! The radiographs are the most excellent drawing pens, but this seller sent a different set then described.  I received the set with two bigger pens instead of the very small tip 4x0 and 6x0 listed in the description. The whole reason I was ordering was for those small tips. Amazon was helpful with my return, but this was a big waste of time and I have a project deadline!
What a load of absolute rubbish! This calendar is truly awful. I was so excited to see this in the shops marked at 50% off.My first big disappointment came when I found out there are only about 170 patterns or so - not 365 as one would expect of a "Pattern-a-day" calendar. By the way, I have throughly checked the box and there is no indication of this anywhere before you purchase it and break the interior seal.Even though I felt a bit ripped off about getting about half of what I expected, in the end I'd be fine with it if there were some really nice patterns in there. BUT THERE AREN'T!!!Most of the patterns are just absolutely heinous. Who in their right mind would design or make some of these things? I know everyone has different tastes, but COME ON! Badly written patterns, badly designed things, badly made things, and amateur photography.Some of the only decent patterns in here are available in a pattern book that I can check out for free from my local public library - they are previously published - and I'm told, many are available for FREE on the internet!Lastly, the one or two halfway decent items - I decided to give them a-go and they are completely riddled with errors. Obviously no one bothered to check these patterns - or for that matter, have someone even vaguely familiar with crochet to read through them to see if they'd work.I paid $13.50 Australian for this, and I'd feel disappointed and ripped off even if I'd only paid one dollar for it. DON'T BUY THIS LOAD OF GARBAGE!
The puzzles are mind numbingly dull and I lost interest after completing the first few just as quickly as I can make numbers; the pages aren't bound and come tumbling out of the top at the slightest provocation; the plastic case annoyingly limits access to the right-most column of the puzzles; I want a 2009 David J Bodycombe sudoku desk calendar!!
The product description is not entirely true:*  Bright Metallic Ink - Gold & Silver : True* 2 Fine Tip Markers Per Pack: Not completely true. The tips are somewhat blunt* Adds Sparkle To Every Festive Occasion: May be* Fade & Water Resistant Ink: False. the ink fades very easily. A gentle touch with finger is sufficient to fade it* Quick Drying: True
I bought this item for my daughter for Christmas. When she opened it she found CHEWED GUM stuck in between two pages. Since it was supposed to be a brand new item I will never purchase anything from this seller again, it was disgusting!
The lock is very small & the key is very small. It looks like a small luggage lock & key, which is a lot of cheaper.  Also hard to line up the holes.
Very cheap looking, picture was deceiving. I should have saved the money & shipping/handling & purchased it at one of our Dollar Stores. Could have gotten the same thing for a 1.00! Hopefully my 3 yr old grandaughter will like it but she is smart so we will find out @ Christmas as I am not spending even more to return it. If anyone is looking @ this, just go to your Dollar Store, Walmart, etc.
It didn't fit my htc diamond CDMA.  I had to use black tape to keep the two parts together.  Caveat emptor!
IT IS LISTED INCORRECT. I ORDER THIS ITEM TWICE, AND TWICE I RECEIVED THE SAME THING. THE CARDBOARD HOLDER IS TOO BIG FOR NICKELS. I RECEIVED A CARDBOARD HOLDER 27.5mm. THAT IS FOR QUARTERS, ONE DOLLAR COINS OR 2 EURO COINS. THE ONE FOR NICKELS SUPPOSE TO BE AROUND 22.5mm. IT GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH THE METRIC SYSTEM, ALL THE OTHER CARDBOARD HOLDER I ORDER, WERE PERFECT.
THEY ARE THE CHEAPEST CAPSULES OUT THERE AND THEIR QUALITY MATCHES IT....THEY ARE VERY FLIMSY AND VERY CHEAP LOOKING!!!!!!!
This product is very plastic in feel and look.  If something boasts handcrafted it shouldn't look and feel like plastic.
This item does not come with anyway of attaching it to the desk. You have to spend more money on the arm than the tray itself. Very misleading, I wouldn't bother again.
THESE ARE THE CHEAPEST COIN CAPSULES OUT THERE AND THEIR QUALITY MATCHES IT.....THEY ARE VERY FLIMSY AND CHEAP LOOKING TOOO !!!!!
I broke 4 case just trying to put the coin in a case.  It did not fit my 39mm coin at all. I ordered a different type of case on the first day. Aside from not fitting the coin the case has lip on both the top and bottom the sticks out. I like the case to be smooth and fit so this was definitely not the case for me.
No rounded corners. Light-weight. Wrinkly to boot. Look elsewhere if you want better than can be purchased at Walgreens. I love Amazon, but some of their suppliers are not so good. This is one.
Out of the box... looked great.However, in my Sony laptop the range was pathetic... not even more than 15 ft.Don't recommend it if you are going to be any distance at all.
These are horrible. I used the correct dry erase pens. I cannot erase these strips with any combination of paper towel, cleaning solution, water, and microfiber cloth. A waste of money.
This is not a very well made product. It broke while I was snapping it on the phone. Tried to take it off to glue it and then it broke in a different spot trying to take it off. Don't waste your money on it!!
I ordered several cases at the same time I ordered this one.  All of them were really good quality EXCEPT this one.  The tabs snapped right off and it was trash the first time I used it!  It was unusable after the tabs that lock it in place were gone.
You do intend on selling this right? I got this calendar for $30 two weeks ago on eBay. You are sorely mistaken if you think someone will pay $200+ for this when it's available for a much cheaper price somewhere else. You lose in this situation.
I can not believe that Borders and Amazon would stoop this low for a buck. It makes me mad. Is not one bit fair for the rest of the twilight fans that were not able to buy it when we had the chance. My gramma that lives on the West Coast called every Borders in oregon, washington and california. She didn't find anything. But at least she tried.
I almost fell of my stool when I saw that Amazon was attempting to sell a Twilight calendar for $200! Amazon, you must be joking. I'm am absolutely inlove with Twilight, I have posters strung up all over my house. Never, in my right or even "not-so-right" mind would I ever slap down $200 for a poster. I even had to call my best friend over (who is INLOVE with Twilight as well) to come see this to make sure I was reading the price right. Like I read in one of the other reviews, that damn calendar better be made of gold.
This case fits tightly...so tightly that it is impossible to remove.  I tried watching youtube videos, tried e-mailing this company, but sorry there are no pressure points on this case.  The case took me a half hour to get off with scissors that ended up scratching up my phone.  Do not buy!
I'm not happy with the item, when i received it it was broken, it wouldnt stay on my phone, and i regret buying this! I will NOT recommend this seller to anyone, nor the products they sell.. I wish i could get my money back and send this piece of Sh** back!!!!
If it would have fit I would have obviously been satisfied, but since it didn't I'm not. It does not 'close'/'snap' closed. it was too small. And smells odd. Going to try to return it.
When I received the product in the mail, it was broken.  Good thing I only paid $4
This case is made out of cheap plastic that cracks very easily and after carrying it in my pocket for 1 week it cracked to the point it wouldn't stay on any more and had to be thrown out.
1st it wouldn't fit securely. The bottom of the cover left an access spot for the sd card. thus the bottom of the cover never fits against the left side of the device.2nd it broke in less than a week. The screen slides up and a band goes across the keyboard (not in the way of the keyboard). but there is constant friction when opening and closing the g1, thus it wore the band until it snapped.Save your money, or don't, but thats my 2cents
Covers your phone's back speaker.  Clearly not for the i910 (it's for the i900).
Started falling apart within days, and wouldn't stay on the phone.  The company was great about replacing it with a different type of cover.
This case is completely worthless. Even if it were FREE, you wouldn't want to use it. DO NOT BUY!I purchased this case for my AT&T; HTC Fuze and was immediately diappointed with how poorly it fit the phone. I had it on for all of 2min before deciding that it was garbage and putting it w/ the rest.Skins are supposed to fit snug around the phone to prevent scratches and absorb impact. This case was so loose on the phone, I'd be suprised it if would remain in place w/ regular use. The slightest press of the finger and you'd peel back significant portions of the case to reveal huge sections of the phone you thought you were protecting w/ this investment.I suspect that w/ regular use, this case would merely serve to collect pocket particles and other debris to rub more effectively against your phone.If you're like me and thought, "how bad could it be?" ... think again. Spend the extra money to get something else.
This product fits poorly and results in the case falling off easily.  I would not waste the price of the shipping on this product again.
I received this item as a baby shower gift and the onesie will not snap. I'm glad I tried it on my little one and discovered this before I actually decorated it.
Love to journal, so got this life story journal.  Found the product description not really as the life journal is in real life.  I ended up giving this as a gift.  I found in unhelpful to people who have journaled a long time.  It offers seasonal journaling.  Good for a young person wanting to start journaling. Disappointed.
In December 2009 I was looking for an Italian calendar for my daughter, assuming calendars offered in the 12th month of a year would be for the coming new year, in this case 2010. I ordered this one.  When I gave it to my daughter, she saw that it was for 2009, and the current date was December 25, 2009, which means there were 6 days remaining for that calendar year.  I realize the fault was mine, since the Calendar does state 2009 on the front.  Obviously, I should have seen that.  I just assumed it would be for the coming year, 2010.When I contacted the seller to request exchanging the calendar for a 2010 calendar, they refused.  I emailed them 3 times asking for a refund or an exchange and they refused all requests.I would not do business with these people again.Elizabeth
The 6 ring binder fell apart from the binder within 2 months of use.  My Collins organizer lasted 13 years.  What a waste of time.
I've had this case for almost 5 months, and I recently took off the case to clean underneath it, and found out that my phone was scratched up around all the edges.  There must be just enough wiggle room inside the case, and it rubbed it away like sandpaper.  I was thinking about getting an Invisible Shield protector to cover my whole phone, but the phone is so ugly now, that I'm going to have to keep it inside a case from now on.  Next time I'll get a soft silicone case instead.
Upon receiving the product and trying it on it did not fit the phone and would not snap on. The product was also scratched and had something consistent to adhesive glue on the inside of the back cover. Needless to say I wouldn't purchase from here again unless I was certain the product could be returned. Unfortunately I had already opened the product and broken the seal.
This tape gun is one of the worst purchases I've made. Do NOT buy this thing. It's awful. There is a metal plate on this gun that I assume is to hold the tape in place, but the tape just gets stuck on the plate and will not come loose without pulling the tape off the reel. If you are able to tape a box down after fighting with the tape, it then doesn't even produce a very good taping job because there's no resistance at all. I've had to pull the tape with my hands in order to get a tight tape job on every box I've done. Whoever designed this thing needs to go back to school. How hard is it to make a tape gun?
The color of the the case is more silver and black , then black and silver which is shown in the picture.  Also the clips on this case seems to be missing 4 extra clips.  I ordered a case from another seller and that case had 9 clips to hold it in place.  This case only had 5 clips.  It does make it easier to open when you have to remove the memory card, but think that if I dropped it the whole case would bust apart.  Also the top slots for the stand by key and the mute key is off centered.  You can still press these 2 buttons but it is diffently not in the right positon compared to my other case. I would not buy this case again
I did not like this product at all.  In fact I wasn't even able to use it.  The back piece didn't match the front piece, meaning the front piece was for a blackberry 8800 and the back piece was for a blackberry curve.  I had ordered a clear cover from another seller and decided to use it with the front of this product and that didn't even work.  With in an hour the purple front cover had broken where the two peices fit together.  I would not recommend this product to anyone, it was of very poor quality.
This product wasn't even close to the correct fit for my blackberry storm. It was too small in every way imaginable, I couldn't even come close to putting it on.
I bought these here online because I thought they looked good, when I got them they looked super ugly.Haven t even used the once!
The paper finally was delivered after a 2 week wait, multiple phone calls, email chats, and emails to Amazon.  I had to place another order.I tried testing this security paper by writing on it then using it as an original at Office Max self serve copying center.  None of the security features worked.  It's as if the original was a regular white sheet of paper.Perhaps this DocuGard Security paper only works on some copy machines, not all.Amazon's Customer Return service was excellent in following up on my return.
This watch looks nice, and even looks to have a decent 7 jewels (though the face, strangely, says "1 jewel").  Unfortunately, it doesn't actually work.  Wind it, lay it flat on a table, and the balance wheel oscillates nicely, the second hand ticking away.  But turn it face down, and the movement stops.  Turn it back over, it may or may not start again.  If it does, hold it straight up and down, then lean it backwards.  It stops again.  If you actually wore it, any number of normal hand positions would stop the movement.I've had modern, low-cost mechanical movements that work very nicely.  This one seems to be exceptionally poorly built: all show, no substance.Even if other examples work at first, the construction is obviously poor, and not likely to hold out for long.Avoid it!
I was very disappointed. The tape stuck to the carpet but not to the large area rug itself. Our area rug still inches around and will not stay put.
No soliciting sign are meant to be used on the outside of a house.  This sign is not outdoor grade; No screw holes, No mounting brackets.  This sign is secured by two sided tape and it is not terrible stiff.  I don't think the plastic is UV resistant.  I may be wrong on the last point.
I purchased this thinking that I will be getting what the picture looks like.  Wrong!!  The picture looks like iridescent glitter dust.  What I got was a rainbow glitter that is small squares instead.  It's a white color and not the rainbow silver look that I see in the picture.  I ordered this because it's my favorite color glitter and I love to decorate my nails with glitter.  Putting an iridescent glitter touch to my nail designs always give it a extra shimmer that gives me a lot of compliments.  This glitter is too big and has been sitting in my room collecting dust ever since.
Not what I thought I was buying. Big and chunky glitter for toddler art projects.  Perfect if that is what you want it for. But if that is the case I would go to the dollar store. Bummer because I didn't return it for the hassle factor, but it was pricey for glitter so I should have.
there is purple glitter all over the kitchen floor and in the tile on the kitchen table...two pounds of purple glitter I ordered one purple and one black and one silver...sigh
I'm using HP Color Laserjet CM1015 and bought this product a few month ago when my black toner cartrige was getting low. When I try to print my document with it, the color becomes really light with very bad resolution. I shaked the cartrige and let the printer clean it but no use. The printing quality is awful. I feel buying this product was totally wasting money and I won't buy a compatible toner cartrige again in the future.
Successfully used the drive for backups and drive imaging ("safety drill copies") for 6 months then drive failed.  Replacement drive sent was "recertified" and was dead on arrival.  2nd replacement drive (another "recertified") was also DOA.  I asked for new drive as replacement since I had zero confidence in their "recertified" drives and was refused.  Most of the time when I would call customer service, I would get a recording saying that their phone system was experiencing problems and to please try back later.  Responses to emails always took 10 to 12 days and, frankly, based on their responses I don't think they even read my emails.I'll never buy another Seagate/Maxtor product and strongly suggest you avoid as well.
When this arrived, it was badly damaged, as others have noted in their reviews.  I contacted SASTools, the distributer, and they promptly got back to me saying another was shipped.  I was also told to donate the damaged product.  When I took it out of the box, I found there was no hardware - no door pulls for any of the drawers.  Makes it even more useless.  Upon contacting SASTools again, they advised all they do is ship - that Hirsch is the manufacturer and that as an American company, should have done better.  This is a cheap, poorly fabricated, incompletely packaged product, the only saving grace of which is the timely response offered by the distributer, to the product woes.  Strongly suggest you stay away from this product and this manufacturer.
I immediately sent this back.  It was horribly made and each step was a separate piece! At least returning the thing was easy.
I bought this one for my friend's daughter as Christmas gift.The box for the brush pens got broken at the top. Very expensive for what it is, and now I have to go out get something else as gift.
When i received my Seal it was really hard to open. When i got to looking at it i could see a cracking line where the top and bottom join. Looked cheaply made and easy to break. Also it does not come with wax like the other review says. I will be returning mine.
It did not fit my phone exsactlly right, too small!  The picture shows a gel braclet that did not come with it faulse advertisment is wrong!
Does not fit the phone snuggly and therefore comes off easily. I also noticed the case started fading and the design started rubbing off easily. I wouldn't buy one of these, not a good product.
While this may not have been caught by the printers, please note number 80 on the ticket is reversed on the bottom half.
My 2 yr old son used it for pre-school. But after the third use the zipper broke on it and some of the threading is coming loose. Not happy with this purchase.
The company that makes these claims a breakthrough with this "disk" binding system where you can pull the sheets out and supposedly slip them back in. I've had mine for a few weeks now and am using them heavily for course notes etc. I can't tell you how much I wish I had just bought the standard joe notebook that's fully spiral bound. I paid $7 per notebook which is very steep and I was mostly lured by the paper and line quality and the nice cover. But the binding system on this product is horrible and is actually a step back in terms of notebook technology. The pages fall out just from turning back and forth a few times and they do not go back in easily. I definitely wouldn't recommend this product to anybody.