The device was able to be registered to use at the school because it did not have the proper information shipped with the device.  I had to buy a new one at the school for substantially more money.  I wish I had the information to register it to work.
Great paper.  Convenient to print large numbers of prints. But, it comes off the roll curved and no amount of effort can straighten it.  Wish it were not so.
I purchased this to create a transfer for a photo to canvas. When the printer put the ink on the transfer, it was nothing like the picture, the ink pooled together and it was a mess.  I looked at several different transparencies and thought this one said ink jet, but now I see it is not listed.
You could use any hot laminating material. You didn't need the pouches. It was hard to have the picture line up with the cut out already there. You could have punched it out yourself with a hole puncher. The only thing you needed to purchase would be the plastic loops in my opinion.
The plastic shield was too thin it can easily be yanked out.  I misunderstood the description thinking it was sealed on 3 sides and you slip in the name tag instead it's open on 3 sides.  Name tag can easily get wet too
I like the concept of encouraging small motor dexterity by enticing the child to discover surprises behind the doors.  While the wooden box itself is sturdy and nicely finished, the latches are of poor quality (thin plated metal) and are difficult to manipulate, even for an adult.  One of the latches was actually non-functional, so I sent the item back for a refund.
There aren't many software products that print decent looking checks with a garden variety inkjet printer.  The Versacheck line of check printing software is the only product I've encountered in this category.While the features of the standard version will are adequate to selecting from a limited number of check styles, entering the proper account and transfer numbers and printing plain vanilla checks, they are shown at their worst when used with the Versacheck print stock.Counting both the sample pack that came with the software and a full package of new check stock, I have never been able to get more than 2 or 3 pages to print without a paper jam on my HP 722C (which works fine with every other kind of stock I have thrown its way).  The performations may somehow cause the sheets to &quot;lock&quot; together.  Perhaps something else is going on.  Fanning the stock has no effect.The worst is that when there is a jam, the software must be told at which check number to begin the next print run.  This entails hitting the NEXT button about a dozen times, revisiting every screen of the account set up sequence.  Do this a couple times and you will get pretty frustrated.One wonders where the Versacheck people have gone.  The web site given in my Jan, 2000 registration is defunct.  They may be hiding out from many similarly frustrated users.Which is a shame, because this product is within a couple programmers of a really decent piece of software that I could be quite happy with.  Grrr...
My fine motor skills & visual acuity are intact but it took lots of practice to get the labels on correctly using a slim dvd case. Even then the labels sometimes don't go on easily depending on how successful you are at separating the label from the backing sheet. The print quality & label quality are OK. To add to my frustration, the link on the product container gives an expired URL for downloading templates. I couldn't get the Avery Design Pro for Mac software to download correctly & the process froze my browser. Avery's apparently using a text file, not an executable for its download. In conclusion, a nightmare of an expensive product.
Unfortunately, the base is not very stable, and you can only use the magnetic letters that go with it. Very limiting.
Now, I like Palmolive Dish Detergent.  I don't know why, but it is one of the few detergents that does NOT cause a rash on my hands. However,  I give it a two because I like the detergent, but I hate the new lids!! I'm filling up a bag of the broken lids.  The lid that is in the picture is the good one, but the lid that is in the stores is awful.  Maybe I will save the lids from my old bottles and see if they fit the newly designed bottle.  I reuse the bottles so I still have some old lids.  If Palmolive must have a new bottle design and lid then they need to start over.
I ran out of my old American butterfly clips. These Chinese clips are made with an inferior steel that are less springy; they clamp less strongly and bend out of shape easier than the old American brands. Springy steel must cost more?
My old rolodex autodex finder I loved.  When I replaced it with this new one it just didn't work well at all.  I couldn't get it to slide down the side to the different letters of the alphabet and the cards were bent, just not well made.
I bought this as a replacement for a vintage rolodex.  I was disppointed when I received this one because it was fairly small and did not have enough room to put a person's name, address, phone numbers, etc.  The vintage one was much more useful, just falling apart.  This one also seemed a bit flimsy and am not sure if it will come in handy.
These came in separate packaging from the rest of my order, I spent about three times as much as I would have buying them from a store.Average quality.This was my mistake, but seriously, buyer beware.
I bought these markers as a way to write on the clear plastic sleeves for a quite book. The problem is the ink doesn't stick to the plastic. You have to go over each word 3-4 times before it stays. Once you've done that then it works according to how I thought it would. Doesn't smear, wipes off easily with damp towel. I haven't tried it on overhead sheets, but seems like it would be the same thing as a plastic sleeve.
They just don't erase with a standard dry eraser.  You will need to use the alcohol-based spray and a paper towel to erase even remotely.  Disappointed.
After comparing the prints on Kodak premium high glossy photo paper and Canon glossy photo paper plus, that came with my Canon i560 printer, I decided to get way from Kodak. It shows very grany texture especially in the dark area and colors are very dull. Canon paper reproduces much vibrant color and texture. After my own experimentation with papers, I searched on internet to find reviews on many different brands of papers. It seems like Kodak papers in general don't have good ratings.
This binder seems to me to be low quality. The D-rings are flimsey. It may not be a good idea to buy a product like this without being able to actually examine it first hand.
Wilson thinks that because the D Rings are designed to accomodate heavy use that this makes the binder heavy duty. Fail. The D rings are sweet but the jacket is that same as any other standard 3 ring binder. In less than two weeks of heavy use (a communication log for 25 staff) the jacket plastic began to fail which required duct tape augmentation. Only if Wilson can match the jacket to the D rings then this would be a sweet 3 ring.
The first one did not work correctly but the quickly received replacement works excellent as expected.  Seems we aren't getting many items in undamaged condition the first time lately. Lucky for us Amazon backs up everything and gives free return shipping with online printed return labels.UPDATE: Had exchanged item for less than a month and it jammed constantly as well.  Had a model years ago that worked almost forever, but they are not making these to last anymore.  Got a second refund from Amazon, from whom I purchase for that very reason.
It stapled the sheets of paper okay, but makes a screeching noise like nails on a chalk board. The noise out weighed thestaple power.
I purchased this hole punch for work from Office Max 8/31/12. The right foot literally snapped off on 10/30/13. I suppose credit must be given for the fact that it DID still punch holes in the papers (approximately 15 pages), but it seems odd that a heavy duty hole punch would break in that manner.
I needed a 3-hole punch for medical charts, I have 3-ring binders with holes at the top of the page.  Hole punches designed for this tend to be on the expensive side.  So I was excited to see this one, by a reputable brand, for such a good price.  But you know what they say about price -- you get what you pay for.I had to adjust the outer two punches to match my ring binders.  The set screws are pretty tight, almost too tight.  Got one side realigned properly and tightened down.  The other screw.... broke when I tried to retighten it in the correct position.  That is, the head twisted right off.I was considering putting in a claim and sending it back, but didn't want to wait the extra week that this would incur, so I set out to fix it.  I used epoxy glue to fix the hole punch in the proper position.  Now it is non-adjustable, but it works.One other issue -- the hole punches don't bite all the way through paper.  None of the three will cut out the holes all the way. they mostly stamp an outline of the hole which will finish tearing out when I  push the paper into the binder.
I bought this for my husband.  His mouse didn't work at all on it, and mine works better but often times the cursor gets stuck and doesn't move.  We have high quality mouses so that shouldn't be the problem.  Maybe if you have a rollerball mouse, you'd like this pad.
The holes in the legs for the screws did not match the screw holes. The shelf itself is a bit flimsy. The packaging was also strange as the screws were thrown in loose.
I would have to agree with the problem of the dividers to separate the dates, it just doesn't work. I didn't send it back because it really goes with my desk and I do like the two small drawers. Maybe I can fit some nice flowers or a decorative tissue box or something in the top bin and place mail somewhere else. I wouldn't have put my name on this thing. Does anyone out there need extra plastic dividers for this thing? You can have mine.
I purchased the 500 KopyKake and I just want to say up front. That the support on the phone is top rate. These folks are very friendly and helpfull...and for the price $400.00 +/- your not going to find anything ealse that will handle photographs this size.( that I know of)ok now for the bad stuff.This unit is for quick cake decorating and not much more. If you adapt it to art like I am doing you will soon be frustrated. I new when I opened the box and looked at the poorly written directions I was in for a treat.#1) How do I  buy the light bulbs and whear?(no mention of that)#2) Did you know if you touch the mirror inside with your bare fingers it is ruined.(No mention of that and yes I did)#3) The mirror edges are not ground, so there razer sharp. If you brush up against it you will cut youself.(No mention of that, 4 stitches)#4) The unit is top heavy. as you draw it drifts downward and the picture will be out of square. I draw very detailed ships,, I had to make my own support system to keep the top in place.(No mention of that).#5) The metal plate the picture rests on has no way to keep the image flat. This will cause some areas to be in focus and others out of focus. I made my own glass plate to clamp on top of the image to keep it flat.(no mention of that)#6) The off the shelf clamp used to secure the arm that the unit attaches is not up to the job. The small metal arm you twist is so thin it bends when you apply twisting motion to it. Its to thin and to short. You can not get enough leverage.(no mention of that )#7) The direcions,,, on cheap paper,, very difficult to read. print is to small and its been copied so many times its fuzzy and blurry. But all that doesn't matter as the directions just suck,,use it as toilet paper you will be happier.#8) Number to contact the company and who to contact for support. You quessed it..its a cluster FU#$. You will be shuffled around and around as there is no clear cut product organization.Now I talked at length with an enginier there and they just don't seem to get it, There is no businees plan for there products and no way to submit suggestions to the many issues I had with the product.Basicly its a cake decorating machine. Made for quick drawings only.Now I do not plan on getting rid of it ( yet)COMMENTS..... ??? Email me...MASSMAN452002@YAHOO.COM
I bought this a few years back when I was looking for a better way to organize our mail as opposed to throwing it on our entryway or kitchen table.  This unit appealed to me with added features of the key holder and the reversible cork board/white board.It holds mail just fine, however the racks are a little thin and don't hold as much mail as I would have liked.  The key racks are okay if you just have one or two keys on a ring, if you have more, the keys stick out way too far too slide the mail rack over the key portion.The corkboard is a total waste, the cork isn't thick enough to put push pins in it. We never really used the white board.When we were clearing out items before we moved, this was ditched. I would probably have given it at least one more star if it had been a bit cheaper, but for $30 you can probably find something better.
We have lots of Folkmanis puppets. My favorite is the Pirate. He has a glove on the back so he's easy to manipulate. Princess, Prince, Queen and King are different however. You put your thumb in one sleeve, your pinky in the other sleeve and your index or middle finger in the head in order to make the puppet move. It is not very easy. Princess head is very wobbly and it's almost impossible for my 7 year old to do it because her hand is so small that the span between thumb and pinky doesn't reach the sleeves/hands of the puppet. I'm not sure why all the 5 star reviews. We have the Princess with the yarn hair (old model). New model has "natural" hair. I am not sure if they improved her and made her more like the Pirate (who has a glove on the back) or not. But I wouldn't buy them the way they are if I've seen them in the store. Buying online is sometimes hard.EDITED: I recently obtained a newer version of the Princess (the one with long hair, not yarn hair) and I can say that I'm very happy with it. My suggestion is to ask the seller which one they sell and skip the yarn hair doll. The new Princess has been improved. Instead of having to put thumb and pinky in the dress sleeves, and middle finger in the hole in the head - the new Princess has the "hand pocket" on her back for your whole hand and it stays on the hand nicely. Just like the Pirate does. I'm pleased.Old Princess - 2 stars for difficulty playing with.New Princess - 5 stars for improved design and pretty hair.
Bear in mind some of my issues with this keypad may be related to the HAI controller. But I don't interact with the controller, I interact with the keypad.A big negative is the eye piercing blue light from this keypad. You really can't use it in any bedroom. Yes you can program the light to go off eventually. However, as soon as you start pushing buttons a blinding blue light will probably wake up your wife or husband.  (There is a green LED that NEVER turns off, at least it's not blue.)Operation requires unnecessary keystrokes.  For example, if you're leaving your house you press "away" and "away" again! Every other keypad I've ever used requires you to press "away" just once.To disarm the alarm you must press "OFF" + passcode, (or is it passcode + "OFF"). Every other alarm keypad I have used only requires the passcode.I used to specify features sets for various electronic devices. This would not have passed.
The snaps undo themselves if you move it around much, and when picking up by the handles (when full) feels as if they'll rip right off - haven't yet. Box top is larger than bottom. The metal file holders are already starting to bend out of shape. I recommend a standard cardboard banker's box instead.
It was my mistake to buy this.  I thought the pen was a one hand operation and a bit thicker.  While it looks &#34;pretty,&#34;you have to pull the cap off to use it. So it is not convenient.  The &#34;rubber&#34; grip at the end is too slippery to get a hood grip on the pen.  I have bought other Fisher pens which are way too thin and difficult to write with.  Memo to Fisher:  you don't need to reinvent the wheel old boy!  Just put your excellent pen into an average width &#34;Parker&#34; or paper mate type barrel pen!  Your pens are either too short or too slim!  Easy to correct.
One has burned out in just two weeks.
I am tutoring a student who was all excited about my new white boards and these erasers so we did not have to use the cardboard white boards and paper towels.  The erasers are hard to use, you have to press really hard on them to get them to erase completely.  My student and I are thinking that maybe they need to be &#34;broken-in&#34; before they start doing a good job.
This tube would be fine for the price, except I needed to transport a 4'x6' poster. I ordered this tube because it claimed to extend to 49", but when I received and measured it, the max length (on the outside!) was only 45". The locking mechanism is ok, but not very secure. Overall, you get what you pay for.... it's a good cheap tube but not as long as advertised.
I am a classroom teacher, I needed items for my Ks to sort. However, there is no sorting tray, the different sizes for sorting are only on the animals and the size difference is barely noticeable. I do like the fact that the pieces are rubber it makes them quieter, but the kids then think they will bounce or they are an eraser. The different shapes are nice but I wish there was more of a size difference and that all the sets had the same colors.For just using them to count with it works out well. The best part was when I bought them the price was great, 9.99 for a set but I definitely would not pay over 15.00 for this set since it's a small variety and does not come with the sorting trays.
I've been using blades from my box of 100 for about 6 months.  They work OK, but the tips tend to bust off easily, so I have had to replace mine more frequently than I would normally, otherwise my cuts tend to be rough.  I'm only cutting card stock, so it isn't like I'm cutting a hard material.  The tips break when I put too much pressure on them at a certain angle I guess.  Maybe should have bought a different # blade...
This pen is comfortable to hold, but the ink flow is not good. When I write the ink will cut in and out. It works better if I'm dragging it which is impossible to do since this is a LEFT HAND pen and left-handers write in a pushing motion. I would not recommend this pen.
The product works well...but the shipping & handling nearly doubled the cost. If I had just gone to the store...
I did not buy mine from Amazon, I bought it from a garage sale last week for $10.  I wanted the two boxes of combs that were with it.  I have a good Ibco binder, so I did not even try this one, I was thinking I'd sell it, but after reading the reviews, I would not fob this off onto some unsuspecting person without at least trying it myself.  It is obviously cheap, but now I'll try it before junking it.Punching only three sheets at a time seems unbelievable, I usually punch 10 or 20  with my IBCO's, all clean and nice.
I purchased this comb binder to make books for my children's school work.  Many companies are going to digital downloads for their products, and I thought using a comb binder to make booklets would be easier to transport and store and cheaper in the long run than using a 3 ring binder. I am trying to bind computer paper and only used the recommended 3 sheets at a time. The problem with this binding machine is that the holes do not punch cleanly.  I made a mess on the floor trying to pull the tabs off of each sheet and it took forever!  You can't put the comb in though unless the holes are punched cleanly.  It was a long and messy process to make one booklet and I have several more I need to do.  I wish that I had not wasted my money on this machine.
Not very practical. In the picture they show lot of cords but hardly one cord fits
good product but not what I ordered, or didn't fit what it said it did.
Putty is ok but not as good as a product called "BLU TAK" not available in USA. This "Putty " is a little more STICKY. However it does  do the job.
This putty is as good as any other I've tried.  Unfortunately, I have yet to find ANY poster putty that doesn't leave a gross greasy mark on posters.  It's "greasiness" literally oozes through the front of the posters leaving VERY VISABLE & PERMANENT splotches that look like chewing gum has been left on it. EWWWW!Although it doesn't damage the walls...USUALLY...it DOES leave a greasy stain where it was on the wall on matte finish paint THAT WON'T COME OFF (never, ever,EVER!!!).My advice, use the blue "paint safe" wall tape (used for painting) on the back of posters to avoid marks on matte painted walls.Use the poster putty on those cheap posters that kids want to change out after 5 months when "so and so" celebrity/movie isn't "cool" anymore.
This mounting putty did the trick, but is a little harder to remove than another brand I have tried.  It held up all of my Christmas cards very well, but when it was time to take them down the blue goo was a little too tacky for my liking.
This product is very average. It is difficult to figure out the right length of cord to wrap so that the cord can reach the outlet and also the computer or other electrical device. By the time I had all my cords in it, the lid wouldn't fit on and some cords are too tight and the organizer won't sit on the floor. It also is not very durable -- it is just made of cheap plastic. It did help with my cord clutter but I think there is probably a better system out there.
There's no doubt that it's an attractive set of nibs, but not a single one provided a pleasant writing experience.The chrome silver nibs don't hold the ink very well at all; even after thoroughly cleaning them to remove any oils left over from manufacture or handling, the ink flows far too quickly, leaving ugly blobs and filling in any counter space within the letters. If you shake off enough ink after dipping to prevent that, you're not left with enough to write more than four or five letters before it's time to dip your pen again.The gold tone nibs don't have that problem, but they're all exceptionally scratchy, which can pull fibers off the paper surface (which then drag along with the point and, if saturated with ink, leave smears). Except for the ones stamped "426", the very ends of the tips appear to have been deliberately mashed flat, which causes more than half of them to veer away from the line of the slit.Two of the nibs I received had bases which weren't curved enough to fit properly into a standard pen holder, and had to be bent further with a pair of pliers before they could be used.This set makes a nice display piece, and the nibs themselves would be wonderful for props or components in a three-dimensional mixed-media artwork, but for actual writing they leave much to be desired.
This is not a bad scale. I give 2 stars Becouse of the price and low versatility. It is expensive and must be used on a flat hard surface. Also the scale is not very big. The add says the platform is big but the add lies. The platform is around 11 inches square or so. I would have Givin it one star but it does seem to work ok.
If you are looking for an iPod case just to protect your iPod against scratches and such, this isn't a bad case.  However, the screen protector it comes with isn't ideal (it doesn't stick on to the screen well).In addition, the extras the skin comes with are useless.The armband is pretty weak and by that I don't mean that it doesn't fit snuggly around the arm, but rather that it doesn't hold the iPod sturdily. When you move your arm, the iPod will rock. I think the reason is because of the way this case was designed. Rather than attach a piece on the back of the skin through which you could slide the armband, they cut two slits in the back of the case. And because the skin is made of a thin piece of flimsy rubber, the iPod rocks away as you run/workout.If you are looking both for a good case and something you could use for running/working out, consider spending a few more bucks and buying the Incase sleeve. It comes with an armband, a belt clip, and a handband (to wrap around your hand when running -- if you like holding the iPod instead).  That case is sturdy and much more useful.
I paid almost the equivalent in shipping costs for this item.  Certainly not worth the cost plus shipping - buy yourself lunch instead!  Two stars because it works as stated, however, I do not use this item because it does not look very professional - it looks cheap.
I was looking for a solution to bent cards in my wallet, but this product wasn't a usable solution. One issue is that it is comparatively bulky for the few number of credit cards it will hold, but the bigger issue is that the aluminum sleeve is the same length as the cards, so once cards are inserted they don't protrude, and you can't grip them to remove them. If you're using it for credit cards, and you load it up to capacity such that they don't easily slide out, that's a problem. They could have easily have made the aluminum portion shorter, and the removable plastic end-cap longer.In fairness, if you are using this for its likely intended purpose of storing paper business cards, and plan to carry it in some larger case, rather than a pocket, it's perfectly suitable. Not what I happened to be looking for, but that's how I've ended up using it.
It's sort of OK - the paper doesn't give you a really sharp print and the backing wasn't very sticky.  We were trying to stick photographs on cans and it didn't stick enough for that.  If you were using it on a flat wood or paper surface it might be OK.  But it won't work anywhere you need it to take any handling.
i've had these on my wall for about a week and a half, and the big problem with them is the entire back isn't sticky.  it's just two strips of sticky material in the center, so the corners curl u and the middle bubbles open.  it's good quality paper but i'm probably going to have to buy a bunch of sticky tack to make sure it all stays on my wall.  pretty disappointing; they need to make these where the entire back is post-it so that they stick better.
I was quite disappointed with the blue filter. I purchased it to use with my SureFire E2D LED Defender, which is the 200 lumen version. The filter doesn't really provide much usable blue light. Basically, the filter creates a dim blue-tinted light that doesn't seem to offer different characteristics then the regular white light. I was expecting some differences in color rendition, etc. and didn't really notice much. Overall, unless you have a serious need for blue light, I don't recommend this filter. Overall, if you are looking for a filter, the average person would more likely benefit from a diffusion lens.
The cube on this keychain fell apart the minute my son tried to move it. After it was put back together, it fell apart again right away. It's now sitting on his dresser in pieces. Worthless. Very disappointing.
Looks cool but the chain gets in the way.  Play to hard and the pieces pop out.  That's only good if you want to cheat in solving the puzzle.
Even if you can solve a Rubik's cube I wouldn't buy this. The pieces fall apart and gets stuck when you twist. If you twist too hard it breaks. If you tug on the chain it breaks. Don't buy it, it's not worth it. The shipping and handling was more than the actual thing.
First of all I love the rubix cube, I love its puzzle and yes I can solve it. My problem with the keychain is it broke, its not durable. It just popped when I was playing with the pieces and they flew everywhere and I was in a public space, I thought it may have been my fault so I gathered the pieces. Then on a different occasion it exploded everywhere and thats where I left it lol. Its a nice fun product but play with it too much and it wont last.
I remember my father had a rubik keychain 30 years ago that was 10 times better than this one.This version is not durable, the center pieces come off with a little push.  Gets stuck very easily.  It works, but it's not nearly as good as the old version.
It's just an ornamental. It is hard to move. I thought it was made by rubik's, but the lubrication and adjustability are very bad. What is more, one of the center cube became loose after several moves. However, it is very beautiful and small. It is not for fast solving, but just long trip tease.
I used this for a class Jeopardy game but it was quite small. I would not order it again because the price was kind of high for what you get.
The ties work OK for a small number of cables at a time.  The loop at the end is weak and can break if you pull too tight. The material is kind of cheap but functional if you are careful.
I am a teacher that takes my work home with me almost every day and I really relied on this cart.  However after about 2 months the bottom fell out due to my apparent over use of the cart. :(
My sister put the Apron in the tote and added a few items and the front of the tote popped out and cracked.  I hope this was just an isolated issue with the Educational Insights Teacher Tote-All.  I plan to reorder for my sister.  This product should be able to hold many items.  If the next one doesn't meet our standards, I will return it and the Apron for a full refund!
I bought this product about six months ago.  It was very easy to put together and certainly made carrying things easier.  However, it only took about 2 months for it to crack at the bottom.  I kept using it and putting off buying a new one until it was completely unusable.  That day came five months after using it.  It won't hold anything anymore.
This is my third cart in the past two years.  One of the tires on my second purchase cracked within six months.  My third cart  broke within the first two weeks of light use; the plastic joints that connect the cart do not close.  I should have returned it right away.  Unfortunately, I was so busy with teaching that I neglected to do so in a timely manner and am no longer eligible for a refund or exchange.I would have given this product one star, but my first cart worked like a trooper and never failed over the course of two years of regular use. I am disappointed that the two I purchased this year were not a durable products.  I have used many different carts, and my experience with the initial cart was fabulous. Hopefully, the manufacturer will address these issues and develop a durable model.  In the meantime, i need to find a cart that will function reliably.
I like the cart on wheels but it is not very durable.  I had only used it for a week at school to carry books and the bottom of the crate cracked and the handle stuck in the upright position.  My husband got the handle to go down by pushig the buttons on the side.
The chalk is great, but the packaging allowed almost every piece of chalk to break in shipping.
I bought this to serve as a means of storing/displaying my fountain pen collection. I was sorely disappointed by what I received in the mail.The rack I received was very poorly sanded, the still wet varnish was uneven and had bits of debris in it, and the undersides had no attempt at finishing whatsoever.Aside from prompt shipping, the only nice thing that I can say about this is that I can strip it and finish it myself.
I ordered this rack even though it had a negative review, hoping my experience would be better.  However, the rack I received was also poorly varnished, thick and runny in some spots, bare wood in others.  I'll be sanding and re-finishing mine as well.
I've bought several of these scales over the years.  The early models were reliable and sturdy.  The last four I purchased all had issues, mostly with the numbers on the display not being fully readable or in the case of one, totally inaccurate.  Additionally, the newer scales are slower to tare and move slowly among the unit measuring choices.
I've found the Triton T2 to be a wonderful little scale. It's very accurate and sensitive. My only concern is that the weighing area is so small and the display and buttons almost always get covered if you try to weigh any kind of food. You can't see the weight of the item or even lock in the weight using the "zeroing out" trick described in the manual.
THIS SCALE IS NICE HAS NICE TRAY THAT COMES WITH IT ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE IS THAT EVERYTIME I WANT TO WEIGHT SOMETHING ON THE SCALE I HAVE TO RECALIBRATE (200 GRAMS) IT EVVVERRRYYYYYYTIME -_- I REALLY DONT LIKE THAT ABOUT IT BUT I MEAN ITS NICE ITS KOOL IT WEIGHTS WELL AFTER I RECALIBRATE IT I WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ANYBODY THAT NEEDS A GREAT SCALE JUST I HOPE YOU DONT HAVE SAME PROBLEM AS ME.
This scale is very accurate for grams.  I have a calibrated 100g weight, and it is a perfect "100.0".  However, when switching to ounces, the computer calculates the wrong value!  Rather than 3.53 ounces for 100 grams (which is the correct rating), it comes back with 3.2!  In my case, we were using this scale for a Cub Scouts Pinewood Derby where our car had to be no more than 5.0 ounces.  We made it dead on 5.0 on the scale, but when we went to weigh in we were half an ounce to heavy!  After a lot of confusion, we finally proved the scale was amazingly accurate in grams, but totally wrong in ounces!  We had to do some major last second surgery and it likely will cost us the race.So, if you want to measure in grams (you can easily use google to convert ounces to grams) - this scale is a fantastic value.  But don't rely on the ounces conversion!
Great scale, if you don't mind that it's going to decide to shut off after awhile no matter what you do.  Frustrating!  I can see (even value) a scale that shuts off WHEN INACTIVE, but this piece of crap does it NO MATTER WHAT.
Just be prepared to buy a calibration 200 gram weight with the scale, otherwise you will be renting it for a month and it will stop working.  After I recalibrated using nickels since I didn't have a weight and no way to find one locally, it is fully 10% out of calibration and I can't trust it for my espresso coffee which is why I purchased it.  I have no way of knowing if it can be recalibrated or should be returned for service, or even if it is worth doing.
This item was delivered fast and contained all the parts, but at the same time I was not even able to calibrate it. While weighting the same item several times, weight is always different. I had to purchase another scales at the store.
the fan has no power, suction is totally lacking. batteries last less than two weeks; cost of them is about $8.00 monthly
I've been with Tracfone for YEARS with no problems....UNTIL NOW!!!When their Customer Service was in Florida, they WERE wonderful, polite & spoke ENGLISH!!  Now it's crap!  I bought my son a new flip phone last year for Christmas to replace his OLD Tracfone & he had a GREAT phone number.  AFTER 3 days...about 2 hours a day (honestly!!!);  AFTER 3 different SIM cards they mailed to me; AFTER they LOST his number in the system with NO way to retrieve it...he went with Verizon.  Even the Supervisor was no help & all they can say is "I apologize".  Doesn't help when they keep screwing up and especially when they LOST the number...that was the last straw!!  My Nephew, son & I all now share a Verizon plan and LOVE it as we all talk a LOT, plus it's FREE Verizon to Verizon when we talk with each other. My daughter (use to have Cingular - horrible too!), her husband, niece, etc. all have Verizon too!  :o)However:  "IF" you don't need Customer Service, Tracfone is fine.  My Mom & husband have their old phone 252C & I get 1 yr. airtime card, activate it on-line & have never had a problem...so far!  Tracfone would use about 4 or 5 really long codes to enter into your phone.  Last month when I loaded my husband's phone, there were only 2 short codes to enter.  Easy to do on-line. They really only use the phone in case of emergency, so no need to upgrade & the unused minutes roll over.  To travel around the US, the "Follow Me Roaming" works fine & we've used it up & down the East Coast.  (If you don't have info on that, do a web search)...only at Six Flags in NJ have I really had a problem with a signal.  The phone uses Verizon anyway as the carrier.  If you do decide to go with Tracfone, be sure to contact another user to e-mail you a REFERRAL so both of you can enjoy extra bonus minutes for signing up.Hope this info helps you!:o)
I have had Tracfone service for years. It is a great nationwide network and has great COMPUTERIZED service. But if you need to speak to a customer representative, that group is not based in this country, reads from a script, and becomes frustrated when you ask questions not on the script. For the past few days, I have been trying to transfer my Year PrePaid service from an old Tracfone model to a new one. I have had to call 6 times so far and it is still not activated. Why? Because I cannot communicate completely with the people. They are not Americans. When they reach a certain point, their answer is -- wait 15 minutes, wait 30 minutes, wait 24 hours, wait another 24 hours, call us in 24 hours, our system is going down, call us again in 24 hours, our phones are breaking up, call us in 24 hours. The first time Ramon answered the phone, he left me with an unactivated phone. The second time, the same person now calling himself Jennifer, again left me with an unactivated phone. The third through fifth times, the CSRs could not finish the transaction because they gave up. The sixth time, the floor supervisor told me I had to wait another 24 hours for activation. Compare that to the first time I bought a Tracfone a few years ago; I went to the website and activated the phone in one minute. The live support is a sorry bunch, I am sure it is economical for Tracfone to outsource the support, but a total waste of time for me. STill no service and out the money.
Every other CD/DVD sleeve/envelope on Amazon has bad reviews for cheap quality sleeves, but these had no reviews, so I thought I'd be the test case. I'm sorry to report these are not what I had hoped for. They appear to be made from standard photocopier paper with a window and flap. On the good side the window does seem to be glued to the paper well and does not come off like some others I've seen. On the bad side the flap is bearly scored and when you try to fold it over, it's is easy to get it folded in the wrong place.I'm just looking for a sleeve that is the same quality as what OEMs use for their CDs and DVDs. One of the problems with all these cheapo sleeves is that because they are so flimsy they make it more difficult to insert the CD/DVD. When you are stuffing 200+ of these, it really adds up to a lot of extra time.I got them, I'll use them, but I don't buy another sleeve on amazon.
I bought two packs of these (4 hangers total) and every hanger had at least one bolt that was stripped (one had 3 stripped bolts.  Very poor quality.
The assembly of this product is simple.  I didn't have to shorten the hanger (some of you might), I just had to tighten down the screws.  But that is were the problem came in.The metal where the screw threads into is very weak.  As a result, I promise that you will strip the threads on one of the hangers when you are tightening it.  I personally stripped 3 out of 8 screw holes.  If they would just send 8 lock nuts, this would be a 4 to 5 star product for the price.I didn't rate this as a 1 star product, because it will eventually do its job by holder folders.  Frustrating, but now you know what to expect.... a trip to the hardware store for some nuts..
I am learning to be more careful ordering on line.  Pictures are deceiving.  This was not a great deal for my money.
I purchased this product to use as a "hide-a-key".  I chose this particular item because the magnetic device I currently use, will not work on an aluminum frame/body vehicle.  What I don't like about the product is that the velcro is fastened to the same side as the opening.  If the velcro were secured to the opposite side, it would make retrieval of the key much easier.  I gave the product two stars simply because it is what it is.
As with another smokeless ashtray I tried, this one too started making a lot of noise after a few days.  It works fine if you can tolerate the loud buzzing.
I got some of these to use for unwrapping Christmas presents (my family takes it to the extreme) and they were about useless. What use is a box cutter if it can't survive opening just one duck taped present let alone a multitude of boxes? I couldn't rip into my presents and spent hours fighting my way into them. This product was my sole option to utilize for the task of opening my presents and it failed me. Maybe this product is okie for light usage or non taped boxes but then what is the point of using this product? It inadequately cuts through tape even enough to create an opening. And, this product is extremely dangerous; the only way you could possibly not hurt yourself is if you have an IQ of about 2000, or just not using them. Also, I find that the colour (Yellow) seems to make me sick. To conclude, this product is not okie even if you're just a casual boxcutter.
I have to say that i have seen safety scissors that have caused more massacres then this box cutter. I find it very hard cutting my t-bone steak at lunch. Not to mention the blade is stuck there, How am I suppose to hunt T-Rexes when the blade is dulled after one cut? Do you have any idea how many times i was eaten? I bought this to replace my samurai sword after my run in with ninjas. If you are going to buy one get a sharper one.
I expected parchment paper to be thinner, and I was a little weirded out because this paper has veins of a golden color running through it. I wanted to draw on it, but now I really don't know what to do with it because of the color variations. It's not good drawing paper. I'm not sure what you would use it for, honestly, but be advised.
The item I received seems like a factory second. The roll of laminate is off center by at least 1/4&#34; inch. So if you put your kid's full size picture in the laminator tray exactly perfect, it will come out on the other end with a 1/4&#34; inch of extra laminate on one side and a 1/4&#34; inch of picture NOT laminated on the other edge. The only way to &#34;remedy&#34; the problem is to purposely insert your picture off-center, ignoring the tray guidelines and looking at the roll of laminate inside to line it up with that. I probably could cut the cardboard roll that is &#34;extra&#34; on the laminate roll and slide it over to make it more center (IF it would stay in place after I move it). And I'm sure Amazon would be super and just take it back and send me a replacement. Its just rather disappointing to be sent this defective / second rate product in the first place.
When I put the refill in it came out with a wrinkle in it. It ruined a few of my documents. When I looked more closely I can tell it is crooked on the reel. Disappointed
The cartridge was easy to install, but the two sides of the laminate don't quite line up and as a result, the edges are sticky and collect dust and dirt over time, making the project look dirty.
I purchased 2 refill cartridges. I started using the first cartridge and the laminate didn't line up so when you ran papers through it, everything came out crinkly. It was really bad. So I cut the laminate apart and tried to line it up. It took forever and didn't get it back perfectly, after many tries. So I ended up being able to use only the one half of the laminate :(
Total disaster.  I ordered two boxes of Land O' Lakes creamers and both boxes contained many erupted creamers.  Since I live at an APO address, it was not worth the postage to send the creamers back. I ended up washing the survivors in a strainer and used them.  I guess you can imaging the foul smell.  Poor packaging.
These speakers are cute and looks nice but I noticed that it created a lot of static noise. I'm not sure why, maybe it has something to do with short circuits. I noticed that whenever a cell phone was about to go off or if someone passed by talking on a cell phone, the speakers would make a loud noise with static. It became so annoying that I have stopped using these speakers at work.
While these are really cool, I have found from time to time I randomly keep getting little jolts of electricity shot into the top of my hand (this is where the heating element is), so be careful.Also would be nice if they used 1 USB port instead of 2.
we just ordered this....the only thing is we don't know what size it will be coming in. How do we find this out?
Bought this little puppy recently, just looking for a little "cat diversion" item.  Unfortunately, it is not a laser pointer, it is actually a flashlight that emits a blueish light.  Not a bad little flashlight, nice for the night stand or keychain - and properly advertised wouldn't be a bad deal.  But, it is NOT a laser pointer.
Mine could have been defected, but it broke within hours of having it. Not to mention the battery included was leaking and dead.
THE CONCEPT IS GREAT, JUST DONT LIKE THE FACT CANT CHOOSE WHT PATTER OR COLORS I WOULD WANT. I GOT THIS FOR MY NEPHEW AND I WAS SENT PURPLE FLOWER DESIGN..
For the money this wasn't worth it.  It fit the bill for the gift intended but I would never have paid this much had I seen the item beforehand.
The pictures in the directions were very unclear because the details were lost in Jim's black coloring.  When (FINALLY!) completed, the chest-thumping action was feeble at best.  Not worth the effort.  The other paper animation kits have been a hoot, so I'm sorry to have to rate this one so poorly.  In general, the paper animation kits in this series are truly remarkable and great fun for anyone over the age of about ten.
This sewing machine is not appropriate for kids under 13, because it doesn't work very well by the foot pedal and when just using the on button, you must be ready to sew. I was also very disappointed that the instructions to the machine was printed in German only. Adult supervision required at all times.
I got these LCD protectors for my new camera.  I was excited when they came in the mail as I have protectors on both my ipod and cell.  These were not so good.  They put little stickers saying which side to open first on each protector that are impossible to remove neatly.  You know those stickers that you just have to scrub and scrub to get all the gooey stuff off?  Well this is it... they did not remove.  I tried all 3 protectors to try and get one just looking good.  IT did not work.  If I were to use one of these protectors on my camera, I would be looking into gooey remainder of sticky everytime I want to take a picture.  Let me know if anyone knows of good LCD protectors for a 2.5 screen please!  I would stay away from these!
It came in a timely manner but it came folded and crumpled.  I can't get it smoothed out to put on the wall.
When the product arrived, it looked so different than it appears to be online. It is of low quality when compared with the ones I bought in the past. I won't recommend it to my friends.
I knew these wouldn't be high quality, but I was still surprised to find out how low-quality they are.  They split apart practically when you touch them.  They are very fragile, and many were already split apart when I received them.  I think it would be difficult to use these for a school craft project.  It's probably worth paying a little more money for toothpicks that are a little sturdier.
Do not buy these if you are trying to make anything sturdy! They are junk!! I had to make a toothpick bridge for school and they were unusable for that purpose!!
My girlfriend comes home with this toaster she got at target, the Sunbeam 2 Slice Toaster (in white). And she's all bragging because she only paid like ten bucks or something. Well let me tell you something friend, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! or in this case, you don't even get that. I'd been better off putting the Ten bucks in the toaster, at least I would have gotten some entertainment!  because i'll tell you what I didn't get, TOAST. or I should say I got half toast/half untoasted bread. you read that right. bread only goes half way into this toaster! doesn't somebody test their products before they go to market? or maybe they did but because of the economy they just used half a piece of bread and thought it worked perfect. anyway, you have to take the bread out and flip it over for a second round of toasting!!! who's got that kind of time? i sure don't. and my girlfriend and i got into a huge fight about wasting money in this economy because of this thing. thanks a lot sunbeam!PS. we made up later that night when I got home from work. we decided to make do with the toaster until we can save up for a better one. so all's well that ends well but still, what a pain!!!PSS. I get a lot of IM's asking what kind of toast I like. Whole wheat with grape jelly IF YOU MUST KNOW!!!
I got a slightly smaller version of this exact bag 3-4 years ago, and while it totally solved the back pain I had, it is completely shot. It is not built to withstand daily commuting use.The air balloons are made of thin vinyl, which tends to spring leaks frequently (you have to ask for replacements). The stitching holding the handle onto the bag came apart (even though I don't use the handle), The bag's clasps holding the strap on are cheap plastic that have broken apart on me numerous times (I'm using a carabiner to hold it together now), the mesh pockets on the sides are coming apart, and the plastic shoulder pad is also falling apart.Like I said, great idea, just needs more care in the desgin.
I had to throw this out. It smelled bad. I am at fault, I should have returned it but I didn't realize it until I had cut the thing in half to make grass skirts (for which it would have been fantastic). It was just a little musty, I'm pretty fussy about that, but as I say it's my fault I should have noticed right away and I know Target will take stuff back at their stores, so I don't blame them at all.
Hi-Tech envelopes arrived in a box with no "stuffing" with the envelopes, which made their corners damaged.  Also, because the box seemed not to be full, I counted the envelopes -- three times -- and the quantity was short by 3 (247 instead of 250).  And the quality of the paper was  marginally acceptable; when I spoke with Customer Service, the woman said, "I guess you get what you pay for."  (The price was lowest of all that I saw.)
The push button action on the ball point pen did not work. Once pushed down, the pen would not retract.
Right out of the box the front zipper didn't work was stuck. After trying to get it open the entire thing broke off. I was going to return it as defective but found out that again these were on backorder. I just decided to use it because I had already waited a month to order it because it was previously on backorder. Disappointed.
I thought this would be made to be sturdier than it is. I ordered to use to carry notes to and from different work sites, while taking public transportation.
Front pocket is extremely small and the binder rings were too still for my elementary schooler to open and shut.
This was required on school supply list for middle school. But the back pocket is ripping after 2 weeks. bummer
The design of this binder is good and my middle school student liked it.  However, within one month, the binder rings became so loose that papers would come out just by opening the binder.
The color is spectacular and the size is perfect but I have trouble opening it, and after it's open the pull tag on the zipper gets stuck way back so it's hard to get a hold of. When it is closed I always have to fumble with it to find where  the pull tag is, again, because it sits so far back. It seems to be upside down in the design. The logo side has the thick edge which does not prevent loose papers from falling out when you open it. The logo should be on the other side of the binder.
The front zipper has already broken on this binder.  It is not quality made.  The student that is using this item takes care of things.  It is not good quality!
It was love at first sight...but I didn't like it as much when I unzipped the binder. I felt that the materials were cheapy, and did like how the binder did not stay open, so I returned the item.
My 11 year old daughter was able to get all of her work in this binder.  However, one of the rings failed (flops loosely) a couple months into the year and papers started falling out or ripping.  They really need to put more durable ring mechanisms in these binders if they are to work for busy and active kids.
this broke in 2 weeks and I was very pissed off. i know this was only 15 dollars but it cots 15 dollars too much... when im at school i want to have a working binder but that is not the case here. next time i will just go with a 5 star binder because this isn't my first bad expierience with case it... i have purchased many case it binders over the years (5) because they tend to be cheaper than other binders but now i'm going to switch over and find a better binder... im giving this binder 2 stars instead of 1 because it worked really well until the rings broke...
They sent some rainbow colored binder. Not cool fro an already insecure 13 year old middle school boy. May have been nice quality and all but not as pictured.
The binder would have been a 4 star if the zipper didn't stop working a month or two after purchase. It didn't really break it just wouldn't zip anymore. You could pull it all the way around to the other side but the teeth just wouldn't stay together. The material was a little on the thin side as well. Great concept cheep execution.
My daughter used several of these binders for ninth grade and they fell apart in the course of the year. The zipper on the pencil case broke immediately. Midway through the year, the velcro ripped and the binder ring broke. The binder is large and usefully organized but simply not durable enough.
it's still a fun costume, but for $60 i would expect something a little better than the little costumes you pick up for your five year old at the disney store. it's the same, even a velcro patch to connect it at the back. unfortunately it looks nothing like the picture, not even like the picture on the package it comes in. that dress looks fuller, better material. even the gloves don't stay up. i had to do a lot of my own adjustments to make it stay on and look fitting.
My 8-year old granddaughters have had several sets of colored pencils.  These are by far the most difficult to get sharp and keep sharpened.  They have to ask me for help to sharpen them because the lead keeps breaking in the sharpener.  It is a nice color selection for the price, but I'd recommend paying a little more for a better quality pencil.
Hey for the price  you can beat it! My kids are young and currently I only buy the washable crayons. I needed a couple of bucks for my free shipping and decided to try these out. There is a good variety of colors but not as vibrant as Crayola. These seem a bit waxy, I know crayons are made out of wax, but they seem to have more wax than color. And they do come off better than regular crayons, but Crayola washables wipe off ssssoooooooooo NICE! These you need a bit more elbow grease to get it off your table.
This is labeled as an Assortment of 4, however, you receive only one notebook.  To me it should say, 1 of 4 possible designs.  Assortment of 4 says to me you receive 4 different notebooks total.  Also the one that was received was very plain and not colorful like the notebook that was pictured.  Wouldn't purchase again.
This product holds the CDs very well, but does not adhere to the brochures we intended them for. They look fantastic as long as you are very gentle with them, but tugging very much will easily remove the tab from the cover stock we use.
I am not satisfied with this product. The foam did not completely expand. It did not take the form of the products I placed in it. It also gets very hot. I do not recommend this product
I have a painted chalkboard wall, in which this doesn't work on. It might work better for a smoother surface chalkboard, but it doesn't work on mine.
Wanted this for a small kitchen chalkboard and it barely erases. You can still see everything, just dimmed. Seems very flimsy and cheaply made, but I wouldn't care about that if it did the job. It's just an eraser, after all. Maybe it's better for white erase boards, but it didn't work for me.
I chose this item because I didn't think there was any big difference with erasers.  I guess there is because this eraser was pretty ineffective in erasing chalk...Just lesser quality than I expected.
The reseller was great but this device isn't so great. People constantly complain of excessive static when they call me.  It's not so bad when I'm listening to music from my phone. After a while, I feel I have to take it out of my ear.  I don't use it for phone conversations anymore.  Occasionally, it's used for listening to music. Even then there's too much feedback going on.  Okay if you want something to cheap to get you by. If not spend the money for something better.
After weeks of researched, counter-research and otherwise reading whatever I could get my hands (metaphorically speaking) on about FPs, I decided to try the Lamy Safari. It had the best reviews for my purposes, and triangular design intrigued me.The design was great.The pen itself...not so much.I tested it on several papers with different styles of writing, including calligraphy fonts. Then I had my mother try it, and compared it to various pencils and pens around the house.The sad news is that everything except the cheap Bic and bank pens were faster and less of a pain to use.The Safari dragged enough to create a noticeable difference in speed. While holding the pen properly, it took more effort to form letters. The ink was also a bit on the light side of "blue".I returned the pen the next day. When my three dollar pens worked better than an FP, it wasn't worth it.
You get what you pay for I guess. This pen was...just a pen really. Not exactly what I was hoping for or expecting after all the great reviews I read.
The grid is slightly off from being 1 in. squared. When cut and laid on top of itself perpendicularly, the boxes don't line up. Two sides of the square are actually a bit shorter.
I was really excited to receive this bag, I had been looking for one just like it for a while. I received it quickly which was good, but after a week of use it fell apart. I wasn't carrying anything heavy in it either, so that was extremely frustrating.
The case had dried glue all over the outside.  The seller checked his remaining stock, but of the product was the same.  I was offered a discount to keep the product.
Seller was quick but the transparencies are so thin they jam in both of my printers fairly often (like 1 jam/ 5 pages).  I have an Epson R200 and an HP psc.  So that's about 20% waste, plus the ink that's wasted.  I do not recommend unless you are using these for personal use.  I should have spent the extra dough and got the more expensive ones, they are likely much thicker.
This does what it says - keeps the earbuds of your earphones from getting tangled, but it's kind of a hassle pulling the sides apart. That gets a little frustrating, but also when all is said and done, I'd almost rather have slightly tangled headphones that take up NO room in my purse, than a big rock-sized plastic thing I struggle to open to remove my neatly rolled and untangled earphones. Cheap, simple, a bit of a hassle but good if you don't want to spend a lot and carry a big, roomy purse anyway. I'm trying to keep my carry-arounds rather small!
Handle didn't fit as snug as it should.  I wish it fit with the 36&#34; squeegee better, but it is the perfect size and weight.
Bought this handle with 30 inch squeege by "next day gourmet"  This handle that is "usually bought together"  does not fit and will not work with the squeege.
Good compact size. The inside was nylon and looked cheap. The leather on the outside felt stiff and thin. It's an undated appointment book but the task marker has a 2009 calendar. Considering I purchased this in December '09, you would think it would come with a 2010 calendar. I returned the product. I've come to expect better from the Franklin Covey brand having owned several of their planners and binders.
This board is basically a piece of corrugated cardboard with a shiny side and a flimsy plastic frame around it.  Even though the board is very light, the magnets provided are very weak and the board slides all the way down the refrigerator in less than 60 seconds.  If the pen cap is placed on the back end of the pen (while writing) it pulls out the bottom end cap when removed, and needle nose pliers are required to pry it out.  Overall this is a dollar store quality item, and that's where it should be sold, not Amazon.  After adding in the $6.50 in shipping, what seemed like a great deal now feels like a regret.
My previous autodex, made in U.S.A. finally broke down after 15 years of daily home use. trying to replace it was like finding a needle in a haystack,I finally did find this one and already it is no where near the quality of the last one, the page guider gets stuck or opens it to the wrong page, the quality just isn't there, I am disappointed but need this thing, as I am old and not "Hi.Tec", to do all this phone number look up with a hand held Blueberry or whatever it is people do
I ordered this item for a Christmas exchange we are doing at work. We are to bring in gifts of office supplies. So, when I saw that I could order 15 colorful dispensers of tape for a good price, I hurried up to order them. The problem is, intead of receiving 3 packs with 5 dispensers each (15 in total), I only received 1 pack! I also paid express shipping for them. And instead of Amazon sending me the missing 2, they informed me that I would have to send the 1 I have back and reorder. That makes no sense to me. So after about 30 mintues going back in forth about my options, I finally got a credit for the 2 I didnt receive and kept the 5 dispensers, which I cant do anything with now. Ive read the seller feedback for this and other people had the same problem I had. I would suggest Amazon to fix this ASAP! The good thing I can say is, the 5 dispensers I have are nice and would have been great if I had all 15.
This pen says it includes a Spinning Ring and Collectable graphics. Not true. I bought this for a gift, and the receiver was very disappointed. Where are my spinning ring and my graphics?????
I really don't know why i bought this (I was really bored)The shipping was pretty fast, which is why i gave it two stars.Now I'm not a professional pen spinner but I can tell you that this is a piece of junk.The plastic is really light and doesn't spin very well.The pens on both sides do work and are alright.Overall I give it 2 stars for fast shipping and good pen tips.But this is just one of those things where the saying "you get what you payed for" comes into effect.
Well if you're like me and an avid pen spinner then this pen is okay for a beginner, however, it's not really worth the price, I mean seriously, you can make your own pen to spin for less than that. Now maybe if the price was around 5$ or something, it'd be considerable, but seriously, for all pen spinners/modders, go to penwish(.com) or something and get yourself a commsa or a buster cyl for cheaper, spins so much better, otherwise just make your own. Sure some people say you can do regular tricks with a normal pen but this pen just isn't worth the price.Pros:Semi- modable with the rings and other partssomewhat simple to spinCons:Too short for my liking (about the size of middle finger to palm)Too light for my liking (lighter than an mx)It looks terrible XDhope this helps~
The only reason I bought this pen was because it was on sale for $2.50. If it had been anymore, I would have not wasted my money on it. It seems really fragile, which for the act of pen spinning, pens will be drop, and this pen can't handle that. Over all, I wouldn't spend more that 3 dollars on this pen. Its a nice starter pen if your serious about pen spinning.
Poor quality control at the factory in China, blemishes, wrinkles and bumps on the edges from defects in the cutting machine.At 10 cents per page I expect an attempt at quality control.
This scale turned out to be even smaller than I imagined. Does not function great. When you place a container on it to tare, it continues to tare back to zero when you add the item to be weighed.
Looks like a great white board...if it didn't come with a giant hole in the middle of it. Very very very obnoxious to have to go through all of this just to get a white board. Don't order from these people.
Great whiteboard for the price, if you can get one that isn't damaged from shipping.  Like some other reviewers have said, the packaging is subpar without only ~1/8th inch thick cardboard protecting it.  Needless to say, the packaging is easily punctured along with the board.  Instead I purchased one from boardguys, which has much better packaging.
Shipping was fast, but the item arrived damaged, even though the packaging was not damaged, which tells me it was shipped that way. There were two holes punched through the surface of the backing.
Where to start....packaging was cheesy.  Back of board has crack in it, but still usable.  There was no marker tray and and no hardware at all.  I went back to be sure I wasn't mistaken and yes, both should have been there.  A little QA would go a long way.  Will likely cost me 25 dollars to correct this if not made right by the company.
Like many other reviewers experience the board arrived with damaged packaging and a hole in the board. Very annoyed as now will have to go through the hassle of returning the thing. Amazon- have the sellers fix this issue of poor packaging!!!
The item sent was totally different from the one displayed. They sent a smaller size  ,  it  looked like a table calendar .
The white board arrived undamaged and worked nicely on my wall for several weeks.However now after 2 months the lower right side of the installed board has warped and bent. While the rest of the white board is hanging flat on the wall the lower right - warped - part is now about 2" apart from the wall.This might be due to outside temperature changes in winter, however an expensive board like this should not that easily warp!I am trying to return this item but am not sure if the warranty covers this. Apparently there is only 1 month warranty on this item! Smart move since by 1 month the board was still looking ok...
This cloth is very stiff even after a few washings. It started to peel and fade before ever softening up. Do not use on clothing.
I bought two of these.  The first one I tried out is either defective or the batteries are weak.  It only projected a very faint line for a few inches.  The second one projected a very bright line that showed up on dark and light scrapbook paper as well as fabric (I will mainly use this for sewing).  Unfortunately, it doesn't project a straight line.  It has a dial on top that allows you to adjust the angle of the beam and when I have it set at zero it's just not straight.  I had to adjust it to about 5 degrees or so for a straight line.  Also,  the pointer on the laser housing that points to the desired measurement on the ruler doesn't exactly line up with the laser beam.  So I had the pointer on 5 inches, but the laser was about 1/16 below that.  Maybe it's meant to be that way; so if you're using it for writing then you're supposed to write directly above the line, like on notebook paper.  It would work in that capacity, if you could get a straight line in the first place, but might cause problems with projects that require exact measurements.  I will probably keep this and try and fuss with it to get a straight line, but it might be more trouble then it's worth.  I gave this two stars instead of one because it does work with some adjustment.  Also, if you have two, they connect at the top corners at a 90 degree angle and the beams intersect to form squares or rectangles.  I'm very disappointed because this would be a very useful product with many possible uses if it worked a little better.
this product is badly designed and doesn't stay in your ear without the hook. and if you're like me, you lost the hook a week after you bought it.the sound quality is decent, but there's a AAA battery hanging from your ear, so like I said, if it doesn't fit perfectly into your ear [which it probably won't], I'd pass and spend a little more to get something that you know will work for you.
Product is fine but you have to change the battery every 1-2 days and I am not a long talker on the phone. AAAA batteries is very hard to find. Walmart, Target, Pathmark would not sell it. You have to purchase these kinds of batteries from Radioshack (2 for 4 dollars)Get a rechargable one.
It has taken me almost a month of airing it outside in the cold weather so I can even use it. Wrapped it up in a bag with clothes dryer scented sheets too. It still has some odor yet.
I do think the cover I got was well made but they shouldn't just throw any cover in the box and send it. The one I received was NOT the one I ordered. However, it was so inexpensive it was hardly worth my time to send it back so I gave it to another person who liked it.
Not sure what size Bible the other reviewers were trying to cover, but my full size NABRE is LOST in this cover.  I could get my Missal and datebook in there too!!I'd be interested to see what dimensions the description is displaying.  Outer or inner?  Flat or filled?
I bought is as a gift but soon to find out it ripped inside as well as on the handles and the leather or maybe its pleather peeled off.  I feel it was not that expensive to return but then again I do not recommend for anyone to purchase.
I received the Bible, tabs and cover as a Christmas gift. The Bible is great, however when the tabs are added it is very difficult to zip it closed.  The cover is much too small and cannot be used with this Bible.  Since it is sold as a set a consumer must assume that it is paired correctly.  Do not make this mistake and buy the products together
Holy Bible, Giant Print Presentation Edition: King James VersionI recently ordered this Bible as part of a combination purchase, the large-print Bible coming from Amazon and the corresponding Bible cover coming from a separate supplier called LilGift.  The Bible arrived from Amazon within two days and I'm quite happy with it.  The cover, however, came several days later and is much too small to fit the oversized Bible.  It appears to have been designed to fit a regular-sized Bible  I have contacted Amazon and they advised me to contact LilGift.  I am in the process of doing this now.  In the meantime, I would caution anyone who is contemplating making this purchase to beware.
I measured mt large study bible and compared to the measurements in the description but las no joy. It came quickly and at a great price so it will cost more to return so i will just keep it for an older small bible whose cover is declining. looking elsewhere for a large onefor my large study bible.
I agree with the other consumer that these pumps clog.  Once clogged, the pump will not budge even a fraction of an inch.  The bottle is designed in a way that you cannot simply take the pump out. However, I did read reviews on another website (yes, this problem with clogging has come up on the reviews on multiple sites) that said you can take it off with adjustable pliers, remove the rubber tubing and clean with hot water. I will try this later tonight because I hate the idea of wasting nearly an entire bottle. It's not even half way empty!!I would caution against buying this product again. Maybe stick to the smaller sizes that do not require pumps.
Bought this for my daughter to use on the chalkboard I created with the &#34;chalkboard paint&#34;. All this thing does is smear the chalk around.  Doesn't remove it at all.  Not sure if its due to the fact that its chalkboard paint vs. a real chalkboard or if the eraser is just not good.
this doesn't prevent dust any more than any other eraser i have ever used...it does appear to be all-felt, and it is black, but it is not dustless...2 out of 3 is bad
This eraser works so-so on a chalkboard painted wall (with 3 coats of paint). A barely wet paper towel actually works much better. Perhaps it works better on a real chalkboard surface...(?) Inexpensive but not too effective for my needs.
It could just be the type of chalk board we are using it on which I believe is a painted chalk board table but this eraser does nothing but cause a dusty mess.
I got this for my daughers big chalk board and it doesn't wipe chalk off well at all. You still have to ipe the board with a wet wash cloth.
Does not erase well... It is just adequate, since it wont be used every day, but i would get another kind next time. It looks cheap.. Guess you get what you pay for.
It functions fairly well but we're not meant for each other. Tried out the Milan after returning both an M-Clip and an Edward Mirrel titanium money clip, and wish I'd returned this one too. I've got a the Black Diamond Titanium Money Clip from superiortitanium and was hoping to find a worthy replacement that wouldn't wear a hole in my pant pocket. I tried out the Milan for a few weeks and it's much heavier and much flashier. Using it didn't blend in seamlessly with my bling-less lifestyle and it's a bit more of a production to use. I suppose I might break it out if I've got to dress up for an evening, but otherwise, until I find that elusive design that I'm looking for, I've gone back to the titanium for its super-light weight and subdued simplicity. I'll replace threadbare pants if it comes to that.  In the meantime, the Black Diamond is back in service and the Milan rests in my nightstand drawer waiting for a night on the town or an ebay auction.
This was purchased as a present, but arrived with squashed packaging which caused the plastic to separate from the cardboard backing. The diary has a very cheap appearance. There were bubbles under the cover's paper and the lock was flimsy. The inside pages (there are only about 50) have such a bold pattern that it will be hard to write on them in pencil. If you use a pen it will probably show through to the other side because the paper is so thin. There are also no lines on the page to help guide young ones as they write.I had to order a different locking diary because I knew this one would be a big disappointment.
this is a very cute outfit,  It was just not the thing to keep my granddaughter warm enough on halloween.
Used it once and the ink stopped flowing then the tip bent. Nothing really more to say about it. Replaced it with a PITT Pen from Faber-Castell.
I bought two, and both pens will only distribute ink consistently if I write slowly (which, for me, kind of defeats the purpose of purchasing a fine point pen as when writing slowly I have to be careful not to blot).  I didn't expect the tips to be hardened steel, but one has already frayed from only light use.  Apparently, they require a gentler hand than mine.  Ever since Sanford ceased distributing the Uni-Ball Roller .3mm pens I have been searching for a suitable replacement.  This pen is not it.
I ordered a few because I really like these pens for art work, unfortunately 1 on them was completely dried out and unuseable.....if all had been working I would have given it a 5 star
The tip of the pen was somewhat damaged so writing with it had so many gaps in the ink and the feel is not as great as I thought it would be.
Bought the kit since it seems like a good deal...unfortunately the assignment book is for the August 2008 through August 2009 period....well that does not really do us much good does it?
for those who are looking to start a new business and you have a little more money go for something better this is a 1-2mm film and does not last long in the sun the glue rins and its a pain when your trying to do small lettering
These were very inexpensive, so I'll use them and throw them away as they break.  The buckle is very flimsy and does not always click into place.  The plastic is not firm enough to be resilient.  Great idea, and the color is good and easy to spot on the luggage turnstyle.  If it were not for the flimsy buckle, these would be great.
The straps were  of poor quality material that is not tight enough. The clasps are not dependable I was concerned that they would not be intact when we picked up our luggage at the airport.
Again and again it's true: &#34;one gets what one pays for...&#34;. The deal looked good, but so far, 3 of the straps have problems with the lock and/or where completely ripped. My husband travels a lot, but a strap for which we pay $ 20. definitely lasts much longer. I guess next time, if I need a good quality product, I have to pay more.
These luggage straps were cheap.  One of the luggage straps was barely hanging onto our suitcase when the baggage came from the plane.  Two of the remaining three all broke within 3 months.  I would pay more money for better quality straps.
These luggage straps are of no use because the plastic clip is not strong enough to allow the strap to be pulled tight.  One clip broke altogether.  The other clips pull apart.  I will return this item to the vendor.
the strap snap lock very weak, the plastic very thin, just a light pull it could open easily, not secure
Beware; this map rail came with incorrect mounting hardware and no mounting instructions.  The mounting hardware was too large to secure the rail to the wall (about 1/4 in too large).  The baggie of mounting hardware came with 6 screws and 2 mounting brackets (but the brackets only had one hole each, so I don't know what the other "extra" 4 screws are for.  Amazon Customer service was great (as always) and was willing to replace the entire item (couldn't just send the correct hardware due to manufacturer), but my husband had already secured the mounting hardware to the rail with super glue (not a recommended solution, but it worked for our case).  Once we finally got it mounted on the wall, it's actually a decent cork rail.
I bought this because one of my computers is in the living room and I thought it would look much better than my thick black one with my old company logo on it.  It is totally adorable.  However, it doesn't work right somehow.  Which is a weird thing to say about a flat piece of plastic (or whatever mouse pads are made of) but as I would maneuver my mouse, the motions wouldn't get picked up correctly.  Sometimes I had to attempt to position the mouse multiple times before I could click it, because the pointer just would not settle on the right spot.  I thought it was my mouse, but I switched back to my old mouse pad and it went back to normal.  But it is totally cute having a miniature rug, and I put a vase on it and it looks great that way.
We tried this and although it does a good job of eliminating smears, the smell was so bad it gave us a headache. We tossed it in the hazardous waste disposal.
Really disappointing.  I mean, you buy a product from a porn company so you'd think you'd get a porn product.  Nope.  Not at all with this.  All the women are porn stars, but are all clothed.  I mean, what's the point of Vivid even making this?  I almost emailed Vivid themselves just to complain.  Only reason why I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the women are still beautiful and I'm here in Iraq.  Oh well.
I'm glad we got the easel for my 2yr old son to use with his learning tower.  We've loved the learning tower and getting the easel only made it better.  Overall I think it's great but there are three things about it that I find mildly irritating:1. There are holes drilled to hold containers for the chalk but it doesn't come with containers to go in those holes.  So after we got it I had to try to find cups that would fit those holes for the chalk.  It would be nice if toys designed for parents of young children didn't force a shopping expedition for another accessory after they arrived.  So far we've found one cup that fit but are still searching for another.2. There's a white board on the other side of the chalkboard so I also bought markers so we could reverse it.  It looks like it should be easy to reverse but I don't think you can do it without a screwdriver to remove and flip the container that holds the chalk or markers.  Again, not a deal breaker but disappointing that it isn't as flexible as I thought it was.3. Finally, it's a minor hazard for a curious little toddler.  There's a handle on the top of the easel to make it easy to remove it or turn it (which really isn't necessary because you can't turn it easily anyway as discussed in point 2).  This handle is right at the level where my son's hands rest when he's standing in the learning tower so it of course caught his attention.  He got his hand stuck in it at first and then we got concerned that he might hurt himself if he moved the wrong way with his hand pinned under this handle.  We tried to remove the handle but because of the way it's installed we can't do that.  So instead ours is covered over with duct tape.  It's also very easy for the easel to get accidentally kicked while standing in learning tower.  I've found this leads to some combination of the following three things -- chalk everywhere, fear because it made a loud noise, or more kicking because it made an interesting noise.  The kicking hasn't been a major problem but I wish there were an easier way to deal with the handle problem on the top but I guess duct tape works even if it isn't pretty.Overall I like the easel and would buy it again but it would be great if these problems were fixed because we haven't been using it much for the last several months because of these problems.Update 12/2012: I've since gotten rid of this easel. After owning it for two years I found it more frustrating than useful and got more irritated with it the longer I owned it. I found it started to get in the way of the primary use of the learning tower, letting the kids help with cooking. The easel was in the way when I wanted to push the tower up to the counter, it brought a lot of messy chalk dust into the kitchen which I hated, it had the kids doing art in the middle of the kitchen which wasn't ideal, and after two years it kept falling off the tower which is really loud and really messy.  The final straw was when our younger son was climbing into the tower and he tried to lean on the easel for balance to stand up not realizing that the easel isn't sturdily attached to the learning tower at all.  The easel fell on the floor and our son fell through the hole left by the easel onto the floor.  Once my son was okay the next thing I did was to take the easel and walk it out to the curb. I'm glad to be rid of it and I'm sorry I bought it.  We still love our learning tower, though, and use that all the time.
My husband has a lot of pain in his shoulders and arms and he loves to read in bed. I thought this would be the answer to make it easier for him to hold a book open.Well, the composition of the reader is pretty cheap plastic and the clamps that are supposed to hold the pages open do not work very well at all.We kept thinking that we were just clumsy getting used to it, but after we had it for a few days, we thought why fight with something that didn't seem to solve our problem.I guess you could say this would maybe work for someone who sits up in bed and reads, but if you do that, I see no reason for a book holder at all.I'm still trying to find something that works.
I bought this so I could read books in bed (my Jasmine bookstand is more robust and elegant for seated reading) but the plastic construction means it won't last long. It's already leaning like the Tower of Pisa and I'll be looking for another bed reader soon.
It was my error - did not order the right size! too amny little bags outside during garbage pick up day
Instead of the pictured item, I got the blue enamel striped cufflinks. It wasn't worth the cost to ship them back, but I wish I had the ones pictured instead of the ones I got.
they are cheap, so maybe I should have expected this, but not all of the bags are sealed. I have to tie a knot in the bottom of them to use them.
These are very thin bags.  However, they were the only ones I could find to fit our diaper pail and they work fine for that.It's been a year since I bought them and I didn't have the open bottom problem at that time that others have mentioned.  However, since the quality sounds like it has dropped more recently, I will search for other eight gallon bags.
Bought this thinking I could design a deck. It gives very little flexibility.  You have to use specific templates and I could not customize one for my needs. 3D view is not very good.
After receiving this item, I spent nearly three hours attempting to attach this product to my toilet seat.  I did manage to scratch my pearly white toilet, and accidentally drop the cover into the toilet three times during the process.So, despite my inability to properly secure the seat cover, I decided to give it a try anyways.  Now I have a sore rump, and a urine-coated toilet seat cover.2/5 for being a stylish color combo, very nice!
I ordered this calendar with great anticipation of never before seen photos of our Alaskan governor. However, I was disappointed with the quality of photos. Most of them were underexposed and not of proper sharpness. They were obviously done before Palin was a national star. I hope next year's calendar features more skilled technical work. however the photo of her wrapped in an American flag is classic.
I got these to give to my good buddies!  They all hate her too!  They gave me a bush calendar last time so I figured Karma time!Hahaha  A good joke ... Maybe you can find a 2011?  It's funny to watch the religious freaks try to apologize for her stupidity!2 stars for a good laugh alone!  Go ahead Palin try to Edit this like you do on every facebook twitter etc etc  page ya got!
This ear piece's battery has been hard for me to find, which is a bummer if you've run out of juice. it's really uncomfortable as well.
yes, the line is fine and crisp, but the 0.13 and 0.18 - BRAND NEW - are clogging every 2 mins or so, very annoying, just used 0.18, shaking it every minute, and yes, cleaning takes for ever, some don't work very well or start leaking ink, or don't work at all, although the tip and the rest seem to be fine, keeping them in the fridge after use, to slow down ink drying inside and clogging ...I am doing scientific illustration for >20 years too  ... not the best ink pens !
Look closely at the picture: All the month tabs are on the left. All the day number tabs are in the middle.I am extremely disappointed. I have been using a tickler file since January 2002 when I read *Getting Things Done,* and I decided to treat myself to a nice, new, durable set of folders for it. Manila folders get beat up over the years.But the design of this set makes it less functional than my homemade set.I (reasonably, I thought) put the Jan, Feb, Mar, 1, 2, 3 on differently-positioned tabs, so I can see every month and number at a glance. They're spread out. I can identify the folder and put in my piece of paper in a single motion.With these, I would be forced to fussily finger my way through to the correct folder. A quick test confirmed my fears. It's hard to get straight to day 9 without fiddling with 8 and 10--unless there's a lot of paper in the folder, which there won't be.Much to my surprise, I see that this set matches the picture in the book. But I don't think I will ever be happy with them, so I am returning them.
The calendar is cool and everything but there is absolutely no space to write on it, which was really my whole point of getting the calendar. At the bottom 1/5 of the page they put the dates. I can't even read it unless I am like 3 feet from it. For what I wanted the calendar for it really sucks but at least the girls are hot.
I got this sharpener direct from the seller about 2 years ago.  While the idea is nice because my son who is a natural lefty would rotate his pencil in the sharpner counter-clockwise, unlike a righty who naturaly roatates their hand/wrist clockwise, but it just doesn't sharpen well.  I tried it myself and it takes a lot of effort to try to get somewhat of a point to the pencil, but then it would just break.  I ended up just buying him a well made righty pencil sharpener and just taught him to rotate his hand the other way, and he was able to pick it up farely quickly.  He no longer got frustrated with his sharpener at home or school, nor did he miss out what was going on in class because he was too busy trying to shrapen his pencil down to nothing just to get a point that didn't break the minute he used it to write.
Not as cute in person unless you are a big time cat lover. Too expensive to mail back so I just gave it to some 5 year old girl I knew for her lunch money. Seemed to be decent quality just not what I thought it would come in as.
The capsules seem to come apart due to the air pressure inside so they have to be taped.  I was disappointed in the capsules.
Wanted something to protect my precious 1932d and 1932s quarters so I decided to buy this capsule, hoping I can use for other quarters I have. However, was only able to use 4 from the box. All the others had major scratches and rendered useless, so I threw them away...waste.
A Damn SHAME!!  Inside box was gouged and crushed.  Beautiful crystal globe arrived defective, off the hinges and most of all horribly packaged, especially gift box condition meant to add to a very SPECIAL professor's  retirement gift and crystal collection I started for him, (felt this was very appropriate and would have been had it arrived with a bit of TLC considering it's CRYSTAL!!)  Poor communication with Serendipity as I requested an immediate refund and NOT a replacement, as it's replacement could not wait under circumstances.  They offered to "replace" and had to email 3 times to request REFUND please!!  Totally disappointed and this so could have easily been avoided - it's really a gorgeous piece IRL if it was only in one piece and packaged more carefully!!**Hello guys, this is CRYSTAL here!!**I'd surely recommend it if it weren't for what happened to mine.
Item arrived barely intact because both screws were coming loose. Ended up not taking it to work after I saw the poor condition it was in. Seller goes out of their way to make the item appear larger in the picture.
I can't see the buttons when the sleeve is on. If you were to buy this, get a clear one if it is even available. When the phone is open, the rubber bunches up forces the keyboard cover to slide down a bit. I am not sure thy the word "Premium" is in the title of the item or why it is in ALL CAPS. Only thing premium about this is how its a premium pain in the a$$.
I ordered a set of 4 in different colors. They are all good but the green one's case is broken.
I bought that for my omnia i900, the only thing is that is for other model and have one more hole
lots of bags for not much money should have been big warning sign.  But you get what you pay for
I have a Gravity t469 and this did not fit my phone. So I dont really know how good it works on the t459. I would like to know when will you all get the accessories for the Gravity 2 T469. That is what I will be waiting on.
The silicone two-piece skin feels very good, and fit well around the phone.  The rigid plastic guides that help keep the two parts together and guide the parts as you slide the phone open and closed are a very good idea and work surprisingly well for their thin cross section.The reason I rated this product so low is because you cannot plug in the USB cable while the silicone skin is in place.  Those rigid plastic guides interfere with the USB cable.
The main issue with this case is despite there being a 'cutout' for the charging port the one that comes with the phone, nor any other mini-USB cable I had, will fit... the hole is only big enough for the metal contacts but the metal contacts aren't long enough to reach- the plastic rails hit the rubber on the USB cord and doesn't let it make a good connection. There is NO WAY around this without destroying the case or removing the phone from the case each time you charge it.  I suppose someone would need to make a mini USB extension that is extra-long to reach but it's not worth it when there are other options out there.Also the description calls this a 'solid' case but it's no more solid then a piece of paper- its 'flimsy'- I'm not surprised honestly since that is what silicon is but don't expect this case will hold its shape or 'stand up' without the phone in it.There's also no 'belt clip' nor provision for one.If you just need a 'rubbery' case you plan on taking the phone out of to charge or sync then it's fine otherwise skip it.
Shipped quick - I bought these for my phone and for my son. Neither of us can get it to stay on the phone. Did not work for us.
This item is great when working smoothly, but the tape gets stuck more often than not.
The description states that this pen and pencil is 106mm long.  Pay attention US Customers - that means that these are less than 5 inches! Be certain that you want a set that small before you purchase these!
Delivery was fast. However, when I started snapping it together I realized that the case's top right corner was deformed and didn't snap in. I didn't contact the seller as I knew by sending it back it would cost me more than the price of the case alone. Maybe it was one in a million chance that i got a faulty one. i'd think twice about getting this accessory.. As nice as it was.. it clearly didn't function the way it should have. I only give stars on the product on the delivery.
This thing is made out of thin plastic offering no protection for your blackberry. Once you drop it...it's broken and you'll need another one. Invest in a good cover to protect your phone.
I was searching for 'fine glitter' and this was SO not what I was looking for. It's like the glitter wasn't even cut all the way, you open it up to sprinkle it out & it's choppy blocks/squares of 'glitter' (if you an even call it that lol) fall out of the container. Some were even 'strung' together.Not glitter, horrible.
Hard to give a good review of this product as it arrived completely exploded all over the box.  I returned it, and on a side note Amazon return policy is FANTASTIC.  They arranged the UPS pick up, they did all of the work, and I just left the open box outside my front door.  I got an email saying I was refunded my money almost immediately.
I bought iridescent but they sent me clear glitter. you can see its whiteish in the bottle but when you use it its practically invisible.
The product is designed well and seem sturdy. I am however very unhappy with the fact that the picture shows the cuffs to have padlock loops and the ones sent to me did not. If you were looking for the locking kind of cuffs move on to another supplier because this company is just yanking your chain.
I was looking for a natural non-scratching pot scrubber. When unwrapped the loofah scrubby looked like a nice bath loofah. But when I got it wet to clean dishes the stench was utterly overpowering. Definitely a heavy chemical smell, overwhelming even. I dried the loofah out immediately and put it far away from my nose until I could investigate what was the cause of the smell. It seems there is a sponge inside of the loofah. Perhaps the sponge is not natural or contain some chemicals. Regardless I would never buy this again.
If you need more than 200 you cannot get numbers above 199.  If you need less than 200 they're fine.
The paper itself is pretty cool.  Subtle blue background with "VOID" pantograph.The back sucks.  It is an advertisement for "Kan't Kopy(R) K1 Security Paper".  It has four 2" x 1.5" blocks describing the paper itself.Look, if I'm writing a contract, I don't want the back of it to look like some cheesy ad copy for a paper company.  But that's what these guys do.  WTF?  If they printed their name in a subtle way, say very pale grey on the back, very small font, and in the corner, that would be okay.  That way, if people wanted to find the paper mfr, they could.Also, the name of the company belies the seriousness of the product.  If I'm gonna go to a lawyer, I'm going to choose a law firm with a name like, "Burriss, Burriss, and Monaghan".  I am NOT going to go to a law firm with a name like "Kahn's Krazy Kontracts!"  Similarly, if I'm going to use paper for my legal documents, I don't want "Kan't Kopy" plastered all over the back.
I was in a pinch and running out of time to print raffle tickets and 2 of us, looking at the image on the screen, still managed to miss the fact that these are JUMBO tickets and when they got to me neither of us had a printer that could use them and even our friends at Kinko's/FedEx couldn't use them to print our tickets.I guess it was an expensive lesson.  Look REAL close before you buy!
Bought this binder for both my middle school kids. In less than 2 months the interior plastic started cracking and the rings do not come together properly.
the ashtray is EXACTLY as described i will not b dishonest but for my current need as a decerative standing ashtray it juz isn't the ideal ashtray unless u are sitting in a low chair......would peffer it to b at least 1 more pole taller
I bought this to give to a colleague for Christmas.  If I had an opportunity to look at the 47 moods before I made the purchase, I would not have wasted my money.  It's not funny (or even cute).  The personalities in my workplace are incredibly diverse and I can't think of a single person who would want this.  It's the kind of gift you receive and pretend to like so much you just have to take it home to show it off... where it accidentally falls into the "donate pile" and is never seen again.  The product is well-constructed and seems to be made from quality materials but it's too embarrassing to be serious and not funny enough to not be embarrassing.  Unless you have a friend or coworker who sometimes feels "quixotic," you are probably better off looking for something else.
It says 3/4 x 1/2 inch. But it's not really 3/4 " wide, and its a tiny 3/8"  high.  I have something 3/4 inches wide I wanted to fit inside the track. Now I'll have to order a track a full 1 inch if the one I got is any indication.
item arrived on time, but unfortunately it was broken when i got it, i notified the seller and they gave me a refund no questions asked. and i would do business with them again
I love the color and design of this case but when i received it from the manufacturer's warehouse, a piece at the bottom had been broken off.  Probably happened sometime during the shipping process but the manufacturer didn't wrap it with anything protective.  It was just sort of shoved into an envelope. So, i love the case and still use it but don't like that i received it new and damaged.
This product, quite simply, is cheap. Less than a month after I purchased this case, it's already broken. The bottom of the front piece developed a crack, and now it has fallen completely off the case. I'm never rough with my phone, didn't drop it or anything. One day I just reached into my pocket, and the case was broken. Must be made of very cheap plastic.The upside is the cost. At under $3, it's not the end of the world that this falls apart so easily. The case fits nicely on the LG Rumor2, and it looks kinda cool. I suppose it kept my phone safe from harm during the month I had it, but I certainly won't be buying a replacement case from this brand.
I use this for organizing, and it does an okay job.  I would not recommend for the current price over 7.64.
I am finding that at least 1/4 of mine are curdling, even those purchased at the grocery store.  I love having a room temperature creamer but an almost ready to give up on this product.
When I ordered the foam board, I used the image for a guide to the appearance of the product.  I liked the assorted colors and so ordered the product.  The product arrived in a timely manner.  When I opened the box, to my surprise, all the boards were white.  Since I was going to cover the boards, I didn't worry about exchanging it.  The point is that the image misrepresented what I actually received.
The quality of these products was less than expected.  They tend to come apart quite easily when opened.  They did not really meet the basic purpose of opening, clipping on something and staying in some cases.  The price was reasonable but the quality was not.
In theory, this is a fantastic buy, but the colors are very odd. There is no true red, green, blue and no gold at all. The colors are basically multicolored because only the glue is tinted the color of the pen cap, the glitter pieces are all multicolored (especially the purple). Only the hot pink and the yellow seem to be just that. Also, there are no plugs in the tips of the pens, so I suspect some of them have already thickened and started to dry up as they have been exposed to the air for an unknown length of time. You will need to use these up quickly. I probably will go back to the much more expensive but very consistent and gorgeous Crayola glitter glue pens.
IF you think the marker ink matches the cap colors do not buy these you will be very let down.The actual ink is anywhere from 3 to 6 shades darker than the cap is , the ink is not pastel at all. It does'nt even come close to the soft pastel of the cap color.BE WARNED DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE EXPECTING "PASTEL" color.
its only good if you are going to used it for medium or large projects, kind of bum out that it was not what i expected but i will try to find some use for it.
Hard to use. It takes way t much effort to get this thing to work...so very sorry I bought it.
Wrapping 3 to 20 strands of 16 gauge pro-audio snakes is one thing, but wrapping a flimsy computer or home stereo power cord, you will be asking yourself, with all this extra hairband, does this look neater?  Mind you, attempting to wrap a home appliance cord is so tedious, you will also say to yourself, where be the ' buddy' (user friendly) part of this?  I resolved to going to the 'shack' and getting simple labels.  You get hundreds for 1/10 the cost of the cablebuddy, and the procedure is all one we are familiar with.
I can always use a new binder, but this Notebinder thing makes NO sense at all. It's got pockets and tabs and separations galore, even a nice stake of white notepaper - but the thing is so flexible, there's no enough stiffness in it at all so you can't WRITE in it unless you're got it flat on a solid surface!I use binders frequently in my work, but I usually sit back and tilt the binder towards me to write in comfort. You can't do that with this thing! It's so freaking floppy, it just makes you want to hurl it across the room.What's the point of a binder you can't write in unless you take a clipboard with you? It's just annoying!I will give it two stars for portable storage, but so what? I can get cheapie binders for 99 cents, and with a few inserts, I've got a somewhat less flashy but still useful version of the Notebinder.Ten bucks plus is just way too much for a portable device to store paper. I'll stick with the solid binders that are functional for writing on the paper you put IN the binders!
I was interested in the idea of a notebook/binder hybrid, but after using this for a while, I'm going back to binders, notebooks, and folders.The rings open & close individually, so adding paper is tedious.  The rings are also awkward to close completely.  They are made of a flexible plastic with a long "prong" that you insert into the other half.  I have to add papers to my binders fairly often, so I really missed the easy open/close of my metal rings.The only benefits I can see are the ability to fold the cover back on itself and the included plastic sleeve pages that hold small/irregularly shaped items (like index cards).  For me, these small benefits don't outweigh the hassle of the rings.
I remember foam erasers from grade school that worked much better than felt so I purchased this thinking it was the same kind. It wasn't. Doesn't erase nearly as well as felt erasers.
Have had long erasers in the past that have been great.  Thought these would be the same, but they're not.  They don't erase fully or well.  Much too hard to do a good job.
I picked this up at Target the other day because I'm a big fan of Moleskine notebooks and it was on clearance.The Good:- It has the same dimensions of a pocket Moleskine.- The elastic cover strip works well and keeps the notebook closed and improves portability / product lifetime.- It has an integrated bookmark- It's made of recycled materialsThe Bad:- It just doesn't feel right. The cover is hard and not the soft textured cover that pocket Moleskines have. Turning the pages is a lot harder than it is on a Moleskine as well due to the recycled paper.- The binding feels pretty fragile.- The notebook is missing the accordion folder that Moleskines come with.- This has 128 pages instead of 192 likethe equivalent Moleskinedoes.All in all, it will do the job, but it's worth it to spend a little more on an actual Moleskine.You'll be much happier withMoleskine Ruled Notebook Pocket
I read the only review posted and I was impressed enough to purchase several packs as well as the same style of Pendaflex (since that was what I always purchased and had been happy with -though it was drawing some negative comments in its reviews).They were shipped together.  Both brands were major disappointments (see my Pendaflex review).  First of all, I still have many Pendaflex colored folders from years past.  The difference in thickness is immediately visible to the eye and touch.  I have no question that these won't last long so I will have to use them for items I won't be opening often.  The Smead brand is a bit thicker than the current Pendaflex but the price is 25% higher so I guess it is a draw which is the best value.I'm going to start making my own colored folders.It is really a shame that to increase profit that companies are making such poorly made products that you just throwing more money away.
I purchased the 4 pack and my magenta cartridge started to leak.  After several attempts to contact through Amazon I finally received a response.  After about a week I got a return label and I sent the leaking toner back on Sept 13, 2010.  Today is September 25 and I have not received a replacement or been contacted to let know the status.  In the meantime my printer is sitting here blinking unable to print because I do not have my magenta toner.  This is putting a delay in my productivity, causing me to lose out on money!!  This is not good for the FIRST order you place with a company!!
I got this paper to make a 1000 paper cranes for a wedding.  It didn't even cross my mind that something might be wrong with it; the only thing origami paper really has to be is square.  I am very sorry to report that this paper is not square.  It is off by a few millimeters which is enough to prevent precise folds.  I have to cut each piece to size before I use it.
While I had good luck with the black ink, the other colors are disappointing since they are not a match to the color they should be.  Yes, my red prints as yellow(which I can barely see), green is of poor quality and sometimes there are thin lines on the printour (which I've never had with Epson ink).  I triple checked the ink I replace with the printer and I installed it correctly.So I would buy the Epson brand (already bought my genuine Epson replacement at Costco for about $60).Don't waste your money on this poor quality ink - try Epson or another generic.
This scale is good if you do not need accuracy. Many times I have weighed items under a pound and at the post office they are over. Also I have a gram scale to compare with and it is not accurate for grams.
These are HORRIBLE to peel because they're too sticky on the backs. They want to curl up because they're so bonded to the back paper. We did a mailout with 5000 labels, and I wished I'd not bought the bargain brand.
The label are very thin and does not have enough glue. After a few minutes the labels come off. I had to put glue in most of the labels to make it work. Too bad.
Don't be fooled by the $0.94 price!  These guys are making BIG bucks on the ridiculous shipping charges.  The second two under new and used are better bargains in the long run.
They look just like they do in the picture but they are made for children I assume. I have never had an issue with sunglasses fitting my head, however these squeeze my temples so bad I have to take them off every 10 minutes. Too bad, they look cool.
This pocket calendar has a lot of pretty kitten pictures, it's not practical for my use. The print for holidays is very small and hard to see. I would have preferred less pictures and Notes and more room for the days. While I am retired many times I have more then one thing to schedule in a given day.  There is not enough room to schedule more than one event and it would have to be very small.
Gee, thought I was buying a full trammel set with points when I ordered this. Sure looks like a trammel set in the photo. I didn't realize how stupid I really am. It wasn't a trammel set, just the points. Not a horrible price for two points, but certainly not any kind of deal, so I'm off to buy the trammel set, from someone else.Pam
Purchased this as a gift...have never seen the recipient where it...guess it's not so nice!  I liked it, but it is thick.
I've only used the black cartridge so far, but it leaves bands that are much too light within the printing.
It's a nice backpack, but would not recommend if your child is in the first grade or above (mine is in third). It has no zippered compartments for pencils and other little school supplies. My son likes it so I will keep it. Personally I want to return it. Not practical for a third grader and going to have to buy him another one.
This ink has a chip that records how much is used and isn't reset when refilled.the printer thinks it's low on ink even though it works ok. The company should tell you up front, not with an insert when you get the product.
It's a nice looking calendar frame, but for this price I certainly was expecting mounting hardware to be included.  Also, for the price it is cheaper looking that I expected.  I would send it back, but that is too much trouble so I will just keep it.  The S&H cost was overpriced for a light weight item.
For the amount money this item cost I would expect to get the design that was pictured. We were expecting a higher quality item that would include mounting hardware or a better place to screw it into the wall where the mounting screws would be less visible.
These turned out to be too short for the old Welch Wimhurst machine we have at our school. The fit was tight, the machine worked, we used it about 4-5 times, two weeks later when we took it out for a demonstration one of the belts had snapped.
The fabric on this product is very thin. The company's cotton book sox is thicker and thus worked better for me.
We love Mead products for their durability and design.  Though this binder is made of quality material (strong canvas-like exterior with double sewn edges for longevity) it has one fatal flaw:  The binder is attached to a single sheet of plastic (think flexible plastic binder grade material) and it is held in place inside by a half-wide, full height sleeve.  Yikes, the binder will hold 2" of paper and when fully loaded, the mass of paper flops out often.If you plan to study and take the binder part out of this folder, then it will sit nicely and less bulky on the table than the entire unit.... but that is not how we use our binders.This is really it's only flaw.  The zipper is a nylon zipper that works well, keeping papers tucked inside.  Inside on the inside flap, there is a four pocket expandable file, which is quite nice to keep homework segregated.  The file part is made of the same canvas-like material as the cover so I'd expect it to hold up quite well.You can view the best features of the binder on the front cover.  There's a 5 inch wide mesh pocket to store erasers, pencil leads, notes, and other 'toys'.  When you open the velcro flap (double edge sewn in grey on red) the mesh pocket area swings open exposing four pencil slots, a clear plastic pocket for school ID or name/address card, and a 1" loop of nylon tape that snaps closed to hang onto a keychain or similar bobble.  The flap also has a zipper compartment with two pockets inside to hold your iPod, small calculator or cell phone.  One pocket is 7" tall x 4" wide, the other is only 3" tall and 2" wide.  You could stuff extra pens, pencils or kleenex packet in there.  It's not huge, but pretty functional.  The one thing this pocket is not big enough to hold is a graphing calculator.... which we need daily.bummer.So in terms of durability, five stars!  Because of the fatal design flaw (my assessment) only two stars.  Bottom line is no, I wouldn't recommend this to a friend.
Very mediocre binder. Not really very useful. The weird flaps and stuff where mostly decorative (and I use that word generously). There are a variety of better items out there and if I were you, I'd seek them out.Not recommended.
My son has been in school for 3 weeks and already the bottom ring of the binder is not slipping back into place.  It is ripping his other folders and notebooks.  My daughter had the exact same one and it lasted her 2 years.
When I got this in the mail I was shocked that the package is literally smaller than a sheet of notepaper.  The labels are very thin and not sturdy- not good quality.  Not sure how these would ever be worth the $5 I paid.
I have really liked Blue Sky's calenders in the past.  I like the large space provided for each day and the lines to write on.  My main issue is that I can't easily see the items I write on the calender.  The items just don't stand out due to the back ground pattern and the fact that I write with a pencil to easily make changes.  I have this calender hanging under my 2009 calender so I can jot down appointments, but I am in search of something more user friendly.  Sorry blue Sky, I hope you consider my dilemma when planning for 2011.
The item arrived on time, however the condition that it arrived in was seemingly not new. There was dirt on the cover and it seemed like the pages suffered water damage or something similar.
I received this as a re-gift, because the person knew I liked Family Guy.  In fact, I really like Family Guy, but this calendar is not good.  It features out-of-context quotes that rarely stand on their own and borderline not-safe-for-work art/text.  Although the show is often filled with non-sequitors, a quote like, "You're just in time for the T&A;" doesn't come off as funny, by itself.I was ready to toss it half-way through January, but I'm going to give it until March to see if it gets any better.  I expect that I'll skim it and pitch it March 1.
They're made of thin floppy plastic. They do not lift the pages. They just fold over as if they were another sheet of paper. They don't work.
This "Astrobright" is not aptly named.  It is NOT Bright, really at all.  It is a rich red color that is nice.  The paper quality is fine as well.  There is just no brightness to this.  It is just red paper.
It doesn't really recognize songs like it says. If you already have the title/ artist correct, then it will pull up the artwork, that's it. Even if you already have the artist, and the songtitle is wrong, it will say not found. This was a waste of money! I ended up downloading Shazam for free and going song by song, and it was still a hundred times better than dealing with this frustrating disappointment they call &#34;TuneUp&#34;!
For a 2010-2011 calendar being purchased in 2011, the price was a bit too high.  We purchased it because my husband went from store to store and no store carried these kind of calendars (he needed for work) just for the year 2011. The only ones stores carried were the notebook kind.  We found this calendar and because he needed one now, agreed to pay the price. Next year he'll be able to get a 2yr calendar for probably the same price.
The description does not explain that you must keep the first six months because the last six months is on the back.  The colors are overly bright and lack detail.  Very disappointing.
The sketchbook looks to be well made and is a decent product for the price. However,the description says that the book comes in assorted colors of green, blue or brown so i ordered the green one but the one i recieved was  HOT PINK!!! and i can't return it because i need it for a class so now i'm showing up to class carrying a hot pink sketchbook. oh well. i would have rated it higher had it not been for the color.
We just painted a chalkboard wall in our house over new drywall (not textured). This doesn't erase very well and we end up using a dish towel to wipe of the drawings. Not sure wht the deal is...
Although this eraser seems suited for small personal boards, it was not effective in a class setting. Even when I took the brand new eraser and tried to eraser chalk, it seemed to smear it across the board. It might be that a small personal eraser is not suitable for use on a larger industrial classroom board.
The triangles are tiny and are worthless. Everything seems to be cheaply made. I ultimately ended up buying another drafting set.
Otherwise okay product has a fairly large design embossed into the front that doesn't show well in the tiny online photo. It reads &#34;Essential Piece&#34; and shows a pic of a jigsaw puzzle piece. Judging from all the fluff catalog material that came with it from Baudville, it's designed to be presented to an employee as a morale booster. To me it's just a corny distraction and detracts from its overall appearance.
The chair itself is solidly made. The leather is of good quality,the base and arms are good. Nothing has wiggled loose. It's just that the piston is junk. I called customer service and made them aware of the issue I was having and they wanted me to fax them the receipt to make sure it was still under warranty. But it has been two years so I told them I didn't have it. So they told me they would extend me a one time "courtesy" and send me a replacement piston.They know the piston is junk,they offered the replacement without me asking. I guess I have another year before it happens again. By the way, replacing that piston will require WD-40 and a hammer.
Comfortable chair and fits quite well-- however, after three years of use in a home-office environment the gas lift cylinder started giving out.I went to Office Max to ask if they sold replacement cylinders, and was given a replacement chair [good for them]-- however, one year later and I am in the same predicament-- looking up at my desk much of the time.Thinking of trying a radiator clamp to defeat the problem part-- as I don't need to change height of chair-- but not sure if that is what you should need to do with a $300 chair?Comfortable chair at proper height-- but would never buy another Broyhill office chair [finishing this paragraph as I slowly sink].
I bought this chair about six months ago.  From day one the cylinder has bled down to the lowest level.  The chair itself is extremely comfortable, but by the time I buy a quality cylinder (after reading the other reviews there is no way I'm wasting my time with customer service and another faulty cylinder)I'll have over $200 into this POS.  If you are going to spend that kind of money, buy a better chair to begin with...less headaches.  I should have returned it immediately.  I will never buy ANY furnishing at Walmart again.
Just a minor rub against the desk will wear the leather off instantly.Piston sits too low so chair won't come up high enough...I called customer service and they replied &#34;That's just the way it is&#34;It is a comfortable chair, and It doesn't feel tippy at all.
I bought this chair about 1-1/2 years ago.  I am neither particularly big or tall:  200# and 5'-11" but I wanted a well built chair that would stand up well to long hours of daily use.  Because of it's big-tall status, I thought it would meet this requirement and liked the welded steel under the wood covered legs.  It also offered a little extra room due to its Big/Tall status.  Got it home and while the angle of the back wasn't exactly to my liking it turned out to be a pretty comfortable choice.  Now, over a year later, I am really disappointed that I spent the extra money for this chair and should have gotten one that was more 'disposable' and just gotten a new one when I wore it out.  The upholstery material on this chair developed a bubble where my left calf touches the front edge of the cushion.  Soon, the outer skin of the faux leather had separated from the substrate material exposing the unsightly inner skin.  Then, it started to delaminate in a similar manner along the seam at the center of the seat cushion.  Then the leading face edge of the cushion where my right calf touches it.  Now, these failure points are moving toward each other to the point that soon, the whole seat cushion will not longer have an outer skin on it.  So despite the chair being functional from a construction standpoint its turned into an ugly mess. I would never buy anything from Broyhill again.  I sent an a note explanation to their website twice and didn't receive an acknowledgement.  If a manufacturer maintains a website with a conduit to their customer service department, then they should at least respond just to know their reputation in the world.  So many better products out there for so much less money.  Really disappointed and sorry I bought this chair.  Steer clear of Broyhill.
I liked this chair a lot until the seat height adjustment cylinder quit working.  I have now gotten two replacements and they are sending another.  I have no faith that this one will work any better than the others. I have asked for a different thing that will not Adjust so "easily" but will also not break, and the manufacturer (NewInnovations) has nothing to offer.  Too bad.  I really don't believe that the positive review on this site is real.
I'm a big guy and bought this chair through Office Max. Not the "heavy duty" chair it was stated to be. Within a few months the cylinder was shot; called for repair and was sent a new cylinder to replace with instructions... didn't work out well. I'm returning it.
I've had this chair for about 18 months.  It gets me by, but it's not really that great.First, I question the use of "Big and Tall" on this chair.  It's not really any bigger than most chairs in it's class.  The arm rails still dig into my legs.  The bottom cushion is still too short.  The back is WAY too short.And it's really not comfortable.  The padding is very thin and it feels like you are sitting on a leather covered cinder block after a while.It's a pass.  The Broyhill name means nothing here.
I bought two of these chairs, and both of them had issues with the bolts that hold the arm rests on not fitting properly into the threaded sockets on the cushions (bolts were too small).  The manufacturer did send out two sets of new bolts, but those didn't fit either.  The manufacturer is now sending out two sets of new cushions.  I respect their efforts to get everything working for me, but it really is a hassle to go through all this calling, waiting and repair efforts.One of the chairs was exchanged after the initial assembly since the seat had a slant to one side very slightly, but it was noticeable when sitting in it.WIth their wobbly arms since the bolts don't fit in properly, the chairs seem otherwise functional.  We have had no problems with the hydraulic piston like others have, but we've only been using them for around a month.  They are attractive and comfortable.Since I have only had them a short time, it is difficult to determine their durability.  So far so good, but time will tell.I would not recommend these chairs due to the quality problems.  It is frustrating to have to pay so much for chairs that don't work right, and you need to jump through so many hoops to get them right.
Comfortable...? check.  Big enough for a big man...?  check.  An annoying piece of garbage on account of the hydraulic cylinder is a piece of garbage...?  CHECK!  As much as I love this chair I've already replaced the cylinder once and now it's already worn out again after less than a year.  I WOULD FIND ANOTHER CHAIR TO BUY AND SKIP THIS POS.
I, too, am having a problem with the cylinder constantly sinking to the lowest level.  I would avoid this chair.  I have not called for service yet, but plan to.  I hope it goes better than the other reviewer's experience.
Laminator Cartridge Film has alot of wrinkles in it and comes out really crappy.  Nobody really complains since I do it for free.
My 2012 Silver Eagles are loose in this case. I expected a snug fit. Am I missing something here? I even bought the air-Tite plastic case to help and it's still loose, no bueno!
The pictures of this product show the numbers plainly visible with good contrast. What I received has the numbers in a color that is so similar to the background that I cannot read it from more than about four feet away. In addition the parts have wear marks on them where they apparently rubbed against each other in shipment. It is okay except as noted, but then if it cannot be read from a reasonable distance, then what good is it?
I found this Wooden Perpetual Calendar online, and wanted to order it for my wife.The calendar came in Rosewood and Cherry. My wife has a lot of Rosewood colored items at her desk at work.The ordering process through Amazon Marketplace (where they sell items from vendors) didn't allow me to specify the color.So I emailed the vendor Gifts n Things and told them that I was unable to specify the color and that I wanted Rosewood.They responded with an apology for the problem and promised:"If you can tell me the color choice I will be happy to ensure the correct color gets shipped out."So, I ordered and emailed the order #.They responded:"I see your order and will ship the Rosewood calendar today."The calendar arrived just before my Wife's birthday.My wife opened it.And it was Cherry, the wrong color.It was too late to get another one shipped.No point in contacting this vendor.I don't see how anyone could be incompetent to this degree, after the emails.Color blind? or else just don't care...?Nothing quite like getting a disappointment for your birthday.I won't ever be ordering anything else from this vendor.Probably won't ever order anything from Amazon Marketplace, either.
hard to balance on the shoulder, b/c it has too much give. For the price, it'll do. Not recommended however.
Have used slightly out of shelf life products, but this was WAY out of date.  I used some anyway and the photos took on a blue tint. Wish there was a way to contact seller and verify if the item is within an acceptable shelf life. Otherwise price was good and delivery was fast.
The quality is not what I expected.  The handles did not hold up. I thought the pots would be a bit heavier since they are stainless.
prompt shipping, high quality paper, but the watermark indentation &#34;100% royal cotton&#34; is too large for my taste.  it takes up about 1/4 of a sheet.
They are ok I guess.  But they are the thickness of cheap copy paper.  I'll look for something more professional.
It worked fine when I had only one of these installed but once I installed several, it all went down hill from there. Not sure what I paid when I originally bought this but it def. was a lot cheaper than the $54. it's selling for today. I'll stick to buying the original from now on.
I'm sure what's in the aerosol container is fine, but there was no straw attached to insert into the container to direct the flow of air!  There was a piece of tape indicating that there USED to be a straw there, but it didn't make it to my house.
don't have a clue about this game.  got downloaded somehow and is now gone so I guess it wasn't what my grandchildren wanted
I'm surprised to find myself reviewing this item. Who would have thought there'd be much to say about a clipboard?LIKES* I admit that I selected it primarily for its beautiful purple color. (If I didn't care what it looked like, I would have gotten a standard brown masonite version, which would have worked fine and lasted forever.)* It's lightweight, so I can easily hold it in one hand and write with the other.* The clamp is adequate for holding my 1/4" stack of papers.* The clamp has a flat-ish profile, allowing me to store the clipboard in less space than an old school version.DISLIKES* It arrived with a thin 1-1/4" long crack (or may be a deep scratch), which I can feel on only one side of the clipboard. Fingers crossed that the crack will not develop into a break.* While three of the sides are nice and smooth, almost the entire left side (where I will be holding the clipboard, unfortunately) was jagged and rough. I filed down the cragginess to what is now a smoother, but somewhat wavy edge.* This is going to sound like a silly criticism. It was REALLY difficult to unwrap. The manufacturer shrink-wrapped the board before installing the metal hardware. After tearing off most of the plastic wrap, I had to use an exacto-knife to trim off the little bits of wrapping as closely as I could around the metal parts. It's impossible to get all of it removed. There's plastic wrap underneath the metal clamp that cannot be reached at all -- and unfortunately, it's visible from the back since the board is transparent.I cannot believe how much time I invested unwrapping and preparing this clipboard for use. Since it was relatively inexpensive and had taken 3 weeks to arrive, I decided that it was not worth the additional time and effort to return the item.NOT RECOMMENDED.
colors are more neon in person&#8230;&#8230; wish I would've known before buying!
The paper is thin and not quite good enough for a resume. I think it would fine for letter writing, but that's about it.
I bought these to make name tags for my residents' doors to start the semester, and the texture was very hard to write on. To make the names big and visible, I used a Sharpie marker, and the ink would rub off even hours after I let them sit. These are cheap, so it wasn't that big of a waste of money, but it was beyond frustrating.
Good price, but product shipped was not the same as product shown.  While the pictured product shows transluscent rubber grippers, the actual product shipped was opaque.  Kind of a big deal for the kids who wanted them.
Generally works as expected, but edges of the mirror are blurry, frayed, and obviously poorly constructed. I suppose for a locker mirror, it'd be fine.
Should have spent a little more - the mirror is not clear enough -seems to be a bit distorted - oh well, it's inside the locker for an emergency.
IT WOBBLES TO MUCH.  I WOULD NOT WANT TO SERVE DRINKS ON IT OR SET IT UP FOR CHILDREN TO WORK ON ACTIVITIES.
This seems like a nice table with sturdy legs and parts.  However, the molded plastic was badly dented on the corner.  It seems as if the table was produced this way and knowingly shipped a bad table.
I ordered 2 tables. They came in 2 days on prime. both boxes were damaged at the ends. The tables themselves had big dents at the ends and one was particularly unusable. I returned them. I will look for different tables as even despite the damage these tables are not very stable.
I was thrilled to find this folding table that adjusts to different heights and, most importantly, was made in USA.  To my great disappointment the table arrived yesterday, and on the side of the box in large letters it says, &#34;Made in China.&#34;  I'm still deciding if I'm going to keep it or not.  I love Amazon, but this has happened before.  Please be sure to label products correctly in the future.
The price for this table is unreasonably high but the manufacturer is out of stock so those who have it are selling it at an unreasonable price. The table is exactly what I want, I already have one at the house. If I did not have such a strong desire to be prepared for an upcoming event, I would not have purchased this table at nearly 2 times the amount - C R A Z Y!!!
I purchased the table to hold DJ equipment. The table support isn't as strong as I thought. The price was great
Much smaller than I realized they'd be. Too small to do anything with. I thought they would be the size of tag sale stickers.
I've been using MITSUBISHI pen (0.38mm) for many years. As soon as I use the pens I purchased here I know its fake. I often have to take notes on very limited space so I need to write each letter smaller. The cartridge is more like 0.5mm rather than 0.38mm. The ink also tends to spreads out on the paper. So it is OK if you just want to a pen for normal uses. But it is fake.
I bought the Uni-ball Signo DX UM-151 under the impression that it was better than Pilot's Hi-Tec-C. I was wrong. The ones I received were dry and/or had air in the cartridge. The grip is nice but illogically placed on the pen where writers are least likely to position their fingers.
These pens write like a dream when they first come out of the package, which is why I keep getting seduced into buying them.  Unfortunately, once the ink level has dropped by about 25%, they become worthless for anything except scratching.  I've got pages and pages of notebooks shredded by faint scribbles as I desperately try to get the dang thing writing properly again but to no avail.  I've tried all the old tricks for getting things to write again and sometimes they work for a little while but that's it.I don't know what *always* stops working inside the pen, but I really wish they could fix it.  This has happened to 100% of the dozens of pens I've bought.  It's just not worth buying these awesome writing pens for only the first week or two.
2 out of the 10 pens were defective!! I do not recommend because these pens are very expensive and I did not get my money's worth.
I was looking for color banker boxes for storing tons of documents I had.The boxes arrived on time, and they are solid, easy to configure with pretty pattern/color.The ONLY reason that I returned the boxes:The box covers were "fold in half" when packaging.(for space efficiency I guess)Once the cover is folded, the strength is decreased and not stackable.I got full refund and ended up buying other bankers box.
I would not buy this again.  I do not like it at all.  The idea is good, but it is not as convenient as it looks.
I thought it would be much bigger. Its small.  And hard to stay flat, keeps folding up.  I wouldnt recommend it.
Stickers do not stick well to anything except dry uncoated paper.  Ink stamps all across label even if you don't have a digit selected in that column.Would not buy again.
The paint was not very intricate and the fit on the lid to the container were not good.  You have to wobble it around to try to get a best fit and even then it still wobbles.  I had hoped that I would love it since I had wanted to get two of them but no, I do not recommend unless you see them in the shops and find one that is more well painted and fit better.
I had one of these that I bought in Mexico for about 5 dollars.  It was the best thing ever.  Sadly I broke it.  It must have been the larger ashtray.  I didn't consider it large.  Anyway to me it is really not worth the price.
The pellets were too expensive and make you choke if your in the same room with the steam engine for more than 10 minutes.
DELIVERY WAS FAST PACKED WELL BUT I DID NOT GET AS MANY BOXES AS I THOUGHT.IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GET 3 BOXES PRE ORDER BY THE PICTURE.THE PRICE IS FOR ONE BOX ONLY . BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU THINK IS!
These labels worked perfectly for the project that I used them for.  For that alone, I rate this purchase five stars.  However, I rated this item two stars because of the very, very poor and misleading description.  I needed 300 labels for my project.  The description for this product is "10 labels per page / 120 per pack".  This description lead me to believe that there were 120 pages per pack.  Imagine my surprise when I received my package and saw only 12 sheets!  Had I known that, I would have ordered three packages instead of one!  A more detailed description would have been very beneficlal.  Now finishing my project has been delayed because I have to purchase more labels, not to mention pay another shipping charge and wait for their arrival.  Because of all of that, I rated this purchase two stars.
Received item very quickly, but items not as pictured or described.  Cartridges fit way to tight into my HP C5180.  You have to force the cartridge in and almost break the plastic cartridge retainer to get it to snap in place.  The ink appears good quality but the bottles come with syringes and needles for refill instead of as pictured with the pour tops.
Had to sand the rocker part down so it would rock smoothly instead of all choppy. Very hard to get blotter papers as well do to the size being so big!
I could have loved it, if it would have been green, but I received a blue one instead.  Was disappointed, so I gave it away as a gift. I didn't feel like going through the hassle of returning it.
Perhaps I was expecting too much, but the daily puzzles in Daily Brain Games are far too easy. I was hoping for something akin to MENSA puzzlers. Instead, there are such puzzles as "Of these three, which is the correct flag of the U.S.," simple word search puzzles, and determining which actor was in which film. If this calendar is produced beyond this year, look elsewhere for challenging puzzles.
I've had the binder for about 9 months and feel this will give potential buyers a down the road review of the portfolio which I mention on the top I removed the three ring binder and used it more as a portfolio.The plus is I found it adequate in holding a fair amount of paper in manilla folders a couple of paperback booksI don't utilize them but the zipper and card and holder slots are nice though tight in capacity in themselves. It looks nice and I would have been more satisfied it not because of one big gripe and big enough of a gripe to give it a two star rating. That gripe is all four spots where handles are attached there is ripping and though they have not detached completely  the rips are large enough to give cause for my replacing the portfolio within a year of its' purchase and large enough that if I had the funds I replace it now verses when it becomes an absolute necessity.I'll probably buy my next one in a store or at least do an on hands look only shop to get a better look at the portfolio's durability though in this case I'm not sure if even have seeing it in a store I would have foreseen the issue with the handles.
I worked this stuff in my hands for 5 to 10 minutes and the cracks never go away! I work a little baby oil into it and it has no effect. I really don't like this stuff.
I love the cute keychain penguin i received, however, I believed i was receiving 3 keychain animals not 1! I am utterly disappointed. The price and shipping is not worth this keychain. DO NOT BUY THIS!! You WILL only receive ONE!
Broke right away. Plastic was extremely brittle it had no give at all. Only plus was that they don't cost much.
We are always in search of the ideal pencil boxes.  I ordered two of these for my 5 and 3 year olds last year. A few months in to the school year the top compartment lids would not snap close at all any more, so whenever the girls flipped there boxes open to get to their pens and markers, all the erasers, or glue sticks or sharpeners or whatever would fall out of the top compartments.  A real shame. The cases are otherwise the perfect size and attractive in many colors, but the top compartments on both boxes are a nuisance. The search continues....
I ordered this item in pink. The color is dull and not really what I expected. The closure - tab through a small leather ring - was so tight that I almost couldn't get it open. Now there is a small tear in the leather at the ring. I'm disappointed and would not order this item again.
Unfortunately this battery did not fit my camera as it had listed but the company issued a return label and said they'd give a full refund.  Still looking for a reasonably priced replacement battery.
The items looks great on line but when I received it I was disappointed.  For the price I paid it is not worth it.
this works okay in the sense that it turns outlets into a phone jack, ideal for a fax machine.  However, on the telephone the line was very static-y on my end (callers did not notice - but I did)The dial tone was definitely erratic, and i had calls dropped.So, no I would not recommend this nor would I purchase again.
What they dont tell you is the horrible noise that makes this system. I bought it for simple purposes like fax and the extreme noise blocked the signal that the fax needed. Not worth it.
Very bulky could have been smaller. If, the product were smaller it would be a good product.Thank you very much
Not too happy with this unit. Keep getting a lot of nosie coming through the phone even with new DSL filters. I would not recommed this to anyone.
Component leads bend while trying to insert them by hand into this breadboard. The insertion starting force is just too high and I was getting frustrated with the leads bending. I bought two of these boards so the problem isn't just one poorly manufactured board, its a poor designed boardThe only way to get the leads to stop bending was to grab a lead with small needle nose pliers close to the end and jam them into the hole. Once started the lead would slide in without issue. This worked until the component density started to increase then the pliers would start bending nearby conponents and causing other problemsIC insertion was not a problem.Radio Shack bread boards have much lower starting insertion force but are slightly more costly, I'll pay the extra to avoid the headaches of BB830.
The side tracks for power are normal however the middle board is too tight to insert jumper pin unless it is real thin and strong. The problem is, you will experience same difficulty repeatedly and everytime. I had to give up.I initially bought it from Amazon for $2.60 + $4.99 S/H. Not impressed. After searched customer review and value/cost ratio I bought 2 more breadboards from Amazon and are very happy with them: BB830T Transparent Solderless Plug-in BreadBoard, 830 tie-points, 4 power rails, 6.5 x 2.2 x 0.3 inches-165 x 55 x 9mm by BusBoard Prototype Systems ($8.00 + free shipping); 9483WK Breadboard-Prototype Design Aid by Elenco ($19.34 + free shipping).
This is very cheaply made and I doubt it will last for more than a few presentations. The levers are cheaply made and after being smapped back and forth a few times, they will probably break. Don't buy
This product is NOT to be used with a dry erase board. Don't waste your money. Very flimsy. I did not take my time to analyze the weight capacity and I will probably have to look elsewhere for my need.
Sent it back because the top bar sways back and forth.  There is a plastic rectangle than inserts into top of stand.  it is not enough to make it stable.  I think over time it would simply wear out.  In the mean time it would drive me crazy if it moved while I was writing.Pro, legs seem well made and top bar has pins to hold paper pad.  Clamp is good and strong. Fold up compact and light weight.  Sturdy frame.Con: top bar wobbles when you put a pad on it.  There are pop out bars that can be used if you want this to function as an easel.  On my old unit these could be lowered to  help support a paper pad.  While these are height adjustable they do not go low enough for the standard pads.  If I could have dropped them down it would have solved the problem with the top swinging.  I had to do that on my old one.
My mom always said &#34;write a personal letter if you really want to thank someone&#34;.  Still true. In this age of texting and tweeting and titillating instant video, there is no better way to thank someone from afar.  If you truly want to do it with style then skip this supplier. I thought I could get something decent over paying the premium of some other brands. This stuff is not much more than folded copier paper with envelopes that look as thought they were assembled by Mrs. Marston's 2nd Grade Class.  Spend the money and get some good stuff and skip this one.
These tapes used to offer an alternative to the original Brother tapes because the price compensated for the slightly lower quality. However, I notice the prices are now almost the same as those of the original, and it simply is not worthwhile purchasing these.
I might have gotten unlucky with this, but I inserted the first cartridge in to my printer and immediately when I tried to print something the tape snapped inside the cartridge. I'd suggest you spend a few extra dollars and buy the genuine cartridges.
I've been getting this calendar for the last ten years. Every year their's some minor changes. This year has the most drastic changes. The pictures are not glossey, smaller pictures.
My son chews his clothes, so I thought he would love these.  Nope.  I guess you never know what they'll like.  He also has the chewy and isn't into that one either.  He loves the blue spiral cord though...
I have ordered this candy 4-5 times within the past couple onmonths, however this last order in which they told me would take longer, they were just no good, they had a a whole other taste/flavor, they were not good at all, I dont know what happened to this particular shipment, but it was bad enough for me not to order another order and that is kinda sad, hopefully they can get it together!!!!!!!!
Not the correct amount.I was supposed to receive a box of 10, received only one.Taste:  Not too salty not too dry.  You do have to eat them all in a week or so or else they get stale even if they are properly ziplocked.
I bought these to use around my basement poker table, but the size is just wrong. The chairs seem sturdy enough, but they are so much smaller than typical folding chairs and if you have 200 lbs of weight, it doesn't take long at all for the seat to become uncomfortable. I'm donating them to our church and buying a better set of chairs for around my poker table.
Shipped fast Good packing but this is supposed to be self resetting it does not work right.There is no Manuel reset on it ether.I try resetting and pulling back out but no good sometimes the Black will show full but not Magentathen not yellow, then reset and yellow full and black not and so on.VERY UN HAPPY!!
the batter was very thin. i had my doubts but put it in the oven. the top is hard, very flat. the bread is quite dense, not cakey at all, and not as sweet as i had hoped. it will get eaten but i won't buy it again.
The good news is that what comes out of the product looks great. The bad news is the software is mediocre with a less than stellar help system, and the system was designed to waste an inch of tape for every label printed. When you click print the labeler first discharges an inch of tape, cuts it off and then proceeds with the printing of the label. This is with every single label. And we're talking about very expensive label cartridges. The prices range between $15 and $25. If you're printing a 2" label, then a third of your purchase price for the label is going down the drain. Brother probably doesn't make a lot of money off their labelers, but I suspect they're cleaning up on the cartridges. I've seen the rational for why they spit out an inch of tape, but in two seconds I was able to think of a couple of ways of avoiding the problem. I've been incredibly impressed with Dymo label printers for shipping labels and I know they have labelers. Wish I'd checked them out before making my purchase. I will mention that there's a setting to avoid loosing the inch, but it only applies when typing your info into the unit itself rather than using your computer. This means you sacrifice the controls available in the software. And just so you'll know, the label cartridge they provide with the unit is a "SAMPLE" cartridge with only 12 feet of label. (As opposed to the 26 feet you get with a real cartridge.) My final word, research what the labels will cost before buying.
Face it, you'll never do all the wing-dings and dingbats this thing does.  I got one thinking it was an upgrade from my basic-basic-basic model, but I like mine better and returned this one.  Yah it does larger sizes, but I think my little one will too.
If I showed you a video, you would see that alone or connected to a computer, the machine adds or cuts off a long border on both sides, wasting tons of tape.  I have tried everything, and am waiting for a response from support, which will most likely be, "thats just the way it is."  If I would of known that I would be forced to waste and buy unnecessary extra tape for this unnecessary function, I would of bought a different machine.
I should have read the product description more carefully. This journal is very small. Not worth the money. It may be hand made but I think that is just an excuse to charge a lot.
This looked good but the quality was lacking. Case had poor finish and scratches all over it. Pen and pencil were okay.Disappointed and could not give as graduation present.
The box came ripped and completely messed up.  There is also a dip in the glass right on the front.  I had planned on giving this to someone as a gift and the box is not usable.
Had a few problems with correct information being printed on the labels- had to get them replaced 3x.  They were very quick to respond and apologize, but once we got the right ones, they pealed off in less than 3 months.  Not worth the savings if you have to pay twice in my opinion.
The top &#34;wire&#34; that is suppose to keep the bag open is awkward.  You have to attach it by tabs, but then it is in the way.  The draw string top is totally in the way and even with the rigid bottom in place, it is somewhere between soft-sided, and not-soft sided, so it becomes a problem whenever you try to put something in it.  I would recommend only for light weight clothing that are easy to get out.  It does not work for books, paperwork, or containers as you are dropping them to the bottom, then digging past all the closures
This stuff kinda sucks, to start for an allergen reducer it states lightly scented but when using it over entire house the odor can get sorta strong.It should not be scented period for people with allergies!!! Also it seems kinda light and the vacuum sucks it up quickly even when left in carpet. Actually now that i think of it your just wasting money putting down powder that you suck right up and throw away..If you feel to use anything just buy a large box of regular old baking powder and put that down on carpet then vacuum up, cheaper and would get odors and moisture out.
I should have known better than to buy such a thing that should be made in germany, not in china..
This scale is very heavy. I like that it's heavy but if you are on a sloped drafting table, it will slide.Also, the markings are painted on, not etched. Eventually they start to come off. If anyone ever finds a good scale with etched markings, let me know!
I purchased this ID holder to replace my 8 year old &#34;Fossil&#34; holder I purchased way long ago. Unfortunately the leather has come detached from the clear plastic on both sides now. The stitching appears to be fake and the clear windows are just glued. Will be looking elsewhere for a replacement.
Not sure if it's the packing or the pens,but the entire presentation of the item looks so inferior that I cannot use them for the purpose they were intended for
Using a Chinese-style seal to print a wax sealing is quite impressing ('I recommend red color wax, which is the traditional ink color used for printing seals on calligraphy pieces, documents, paintings, etc.'). However, how could a seal be a good one if the character(s) or letter(s) is(are) readable when you are facing the front of it! If you are able to directly read English word "LOVE" without forcing your eyes "right-left-ed", will you consider to buy this seal?? NO ONE want to buy seal like that because its impression on wax will be WRONG! The picture of a seal must be a MIRROR IMAGE!Now we talk about this seal. plz refer to Wikipedia to find out how Chinese character "love" looks like: [...]The picture on the seal is actually NOT a mirror image of Chinese"love" character.Plz avoid it!Dean
Not at all as described or as pictured. It is a solid white bottle with NO tip whatsoever. It is just a wide opening. I did not receive any syringes with the shipment. I had to contact SOL, then they emailed me saying they were sorry and did I want them to ship syringes?! I emailed back stating since there is no other way to fill the cartridges then I would need syringes! With syringes, this ink will fill any refillable cartridges that require these colors.Will I buy from SOL again? Nope... I knew that SOL stood for something other than company name.
There is only adhesive on the top and gluing the letters down is a pain due to the thinness of the paper.
I was disappointed in the quality - very flimsy - needed a lot of glue to keep them attached.  Wish I would have waited and ordered the vinyl - oh well - lesson learned!I wanted them for a scrabble project - Pretty disappointed - what is not clear is that 1/3 of these is SILVER!
the adhesive didn't stay on very long. I cleaned my surface first but still didn't help. I used it on a globe then spray painted around it. Since they didn't stick well and kept popping up it was rather messy. Could've been because it was a circular surface though but I should think they would stick for longer than a minute.
I was disappointed in the quality - very flimsy - needed a lot of glue to keep them attached.  Wish I would have waited and ordered the vinyl - oh well - lesson learned!
When the labels arrived, they were wrinkled like someone had crumpled them.  They do not appear black and colored as above.  They are just silver labels.  One of the labels on the sheet is oriented differently than all the other labels, which speaks to quality.  I won't buy this product again.
I normally order the medium and somehow ended up ordering the small size.  That still would have been fine but as soon as I opened the book and prepared to write in it the binding broke.  :-(Still love the graph paper, the end pocket, the attached book mark, and the elastic band to close it.
Bought this for my husband, and when it came it looked very small, and even though it expanded it would not than buckle. Nice looking but I think it was too small.
The poster was good, but was bent when I received it.  I think perhaps a better way to ship would be an improvement.  Maybe it would be more advisable to roll into a tube rather than a box.
This case is the closest case that I have found to match my real Louis, but I don't know if it's the metal on the back or where the case sits, but when I used this case I kept dropping calls and my battery went down faster. I have tested it with the case on and off and when using this case I drop calls in certain areas that I don't drop when it's off. It might work in your area, but it didn't work out for me and I'm bummed since it's such a close match to a real Louis ! :(
Our company sells clothing gear for active people. We liked to stamp our stuff with holos to let customers know they are getting GENUINE Products from us and not a copy cat. We are growing and used Labelogix USA for some time but they went through some changes and quality still the same but the customer service went to CRAP! We were buying 2000 holo rolls from them but it took a act of god to get them. Email after email, nothing.....contacted owner via email he then directed me to his employee that took care of it right away but then when we needed them again it was the same crap all over again. They have decent prices but its like you got to beg these people to sell you product. I will pay MORE with another company just to know I can depend on them when I re-order. If you need holos every so often then give them a try but if you are a company like us and need it to mark your products then dont use them. Its not worth the hassle or time to get them to sell you holos.Dallas, TX
I love this concept, but they are not working as I had hoped. Maybe I'm missing something, but I am able to open my locker and the stickers come off without leaving any residue and showing tamper evidence.  The surface is a painted metal.  I might try putting a clear nail polish down to help the stickers adhere a little better. My son used them on painted wood and they worked fine.
This came in good shape from the seller. But I wasn't real happy with the product. The stamper did well if it was on samll print. But if it was a larger or bold print it didn't work well at all. The pen no matter how much I shook it up it just didn't work well. Had to let it soak in and do again several times.
This Georgia Pacific Premium Multipurpose Paper is definitely not what I consider to be premium multipurpose paper, at least compared to what I had been using previously.  The first sheet that I pulled out had a very noticeable black speck in the paper.  The paper is way too thin for printing on both sides.  Very disappointed with this product, especially for the money.  I guess I'll use it for rough drafts and use a better product for final prints.
I thought this was a multi-pack of peechees for the price.  My mistake.  Make sure you really want this item for that price because you only get one!
the item in the product photo is not what I received.  I know and have used both but this one, showed in the photo, was by far my favorite.
this paper looks nothing like vellum or parchment paper I have used in the past,its just brown paper.if you hold it up to the light you can see some marbling but that it.if this is bought to add a little panache to your mail,forget about it.people would wonder why you are writing to them on brown paper
I was looking for vellum.  Somehow I missed the parchment part.  I guess I will use this paper for something but not what I bought it for.  I wanted vellum for the inside of my Christmas cards.  I found it elsewhere.
I would not recommend this ink because it is too thin, weak, dilute, transparent!  The blue is a very pale blue, not vibrant and definitely not opaque!
They are ok.  I just wish that they were solid colors rather than tie-dye.  I was expecting them to look like the picture shown.
I did get two boxes of plain checks for under $15. But every step of the order was loaded with sneaky up-selling tactics.  They do have a lot of double checking of the information to assure you have input the data correctly which allows them more places to up-sell. My checks arrived in a reasonable time frame and they were correctly printed.  I also was put on their list for major email spam.  So far I have requested to be taken off the spam list twice.  It may not be worth the effort to do business with this company.  The only reason they got two stars is that they did get the order correct in a reasonable amount of time at a reasonable price. caveat emptorUpdate: 6 weeks of no spam emails from Bradford after the second time I opted out of their spam program; I got another email.  For the third time I cancelled all emails via the link posted on the email.  I don't really don't believe they actually will remove me from their email list.  All things considered this purchase was not a bargain.
I can't find any information indicating the number of checks in each box? Who knows?It is impossible to determine the cost without this number
The price was right but the wallet did not live up to my expectations. I was very disappointed in the appearance of the wallet. The wallet looks very cheap, it's hard to get your cards out when in the checkout line. The coin holder is very small so you have to dump all the coins out to find what you are looking for
I've had this wallet for months, and it still smells so bad that my friends make fun of it when I take it out of my bag.  The only good thing about it is that it's organized well.  Otherwise, it's not like any leather wallet I've ever had.  The leather is strangely like plastic of some kind, and the stitching looks very cheap.
By the picture, it shows that I ordered a box of paper that they would get in a school or an office. It's three beat up, taped together of individual packages of paper. I couldve went to Target and bought 3 packs for $10. Very disappointed. First product I have gotten from amazon that I have been unhappy with
no a good value for the price  the paper is ok but you don't get much for your money  I use this in my business and it just is not a good value
Unfortunately, the bar code on the label can not be read by the scanner, as it is printed in inversion (white bars on a dark background). Scanner sees only black lines on a white background. It upset me very much. The manufacturer shall check the readability of code scanner.
It is okay, but extremely overpriced for what you are getting.  Look elsewhere like Quill to get much more for your money.
I was very dissapointed to have such an esquisite and beautiful pen, only used it twice before the ink dried out.  I was about to purchase a bunch of them for gifts, because I received a lot of compliments on it. So annoyed.
I picked these up to go with my new Dymo printer I recently purchased. I bought these to help streamline my eBay shipping process. I was very impressed with my label maker with these labels because of how fast and easy it was to peal and stick. I was happy until I found out they didn't stay adhered during the shipment process. I even tested it at home by placing a label on an envelope and after an hour or so the label started wrinkling up around the edges. My first thought was to place some tape on the label but it causes the label to fade very rapidly.
I love the size and the layout of this planner.  Unfortunately I had no idea when I bought it online that the cover is made from some type of plastic (which seems to be made to feel like leather), and it has a strong chemical odor.  I should be clear that I tend to be sensitive to scents and chemicals so the average person may not be bothered by this, but it definitely has an odor and it's important to be aware of that before purchasing it.  I have let it air out in the garage for a week and the scent is just as strong as it continues to off-gas, so I'm going to be throwing it out.Other than that, the pages are quite pretty with sweet pictures and pleasant colors.  The artwork is a bit more "busy" than I would prefer, but I would have gotten used to it I think and enjoyed the drawings.  It feels like an elegant planner, if not for the scent.
I home my son so we use these every week to display sentences for vocabulary words.  They really don't erase easily so I have to use dry erase cleaning cloths.  They're beat up after just 3 months of pretty careful use.  I really wouldn't recommend them unless someone is going to use them once in a great while.
I could not get the black and color cartrage to work. Just wouldn't print But it may be that the cartrage itself was defective
The paper appears to be high quality, but note that the price is per *sheet* of paper, not per *pack*.
Placed an order for the Green Park Products Epson 78 Remanufactured ink cartridges, and they arrived promptly, well packaged and on time.  Unfortunately, one of the cartridges in the set failed to work (T-0785 Lt. Cyan), setting off an error message in my Epson Photo R380 printer.  Replacing the almost depleted cartridge, turned off the error message.  Replacing it with the remanufactured unit turned it back on, again!  Guess the cartridge was defective, or the chip was not reset.  BTW - I always weigh my cartridges and found the remanufactured unit weighed in at 1.00 oz, the correct weight for this cartridge when full.So, the cartridge was refilled, but not thoroughly tested before leaving the plant.  Amazon though,  was GREAT about providing a refund for the defective cartridge!Unfortunately for me, I have a large number of wedding DVDs to print labels on tonight, and this messes things up!  I am off to the local Staples to get a new T-0785 to get my work done.  I know I should recycle, and in almost all aspects of my life have done so for years, but this has left me very leery of this company!  My advice - Buyer Beware!  Hope your experience is better!
When I tried to install the filter, it wouldn't slide in. I measured the guides and they are exactly 5&#34;.Then I measured the filter and it was actually 5.25 inches and 16.25 inches, I had to crumple the cardboard frame to get them in, But they do work well. I've noticed a big reduction in the dust in the house. Just wish they fit better. I'll order another brand next time.
The paper is pretty, but it's standard US Letter size (8.5" x 11") - it's not A4 size (approximately 8.25" x 11.7"), which is what I actually needed.If they correct it to be Letter Size, I would probably rate it a 4 as it is quite pretty.
I was very disappointed with this calendar.Mature content, No!Models were overdressed with little "skin" showing.No escapism with this.I'll buy Maxim or SI next year.
I did not like these money clips but they were represented perfectly as to what they are.  If you want a simple money clip then these are exactly what you want.
Where are the spirals???It's not as good without them!!  I love the old style and have purchased them for years!
WHY DID THE PRICE GO UP SO HIGH,WE WERE THINKING ABOUT GETTING IT WAITING TO BE APROVE BY CHURCH COMMITED,NOW WE HAVE TO RE SUBMITT IT
I had to bear down hard to get the blue ink started so that I cut the paper to shreds. Unless you are desperate for a short pen, forget it!
The product was what I ordered and it came when they said it would. I'm not sure whether it was the product or whether it is HP, but the printer didn't accept these print cartridges like a new Hp print cartridge. I believe it is the way that the printer is designed. They want you to spend money on original HP print cartridges. That is where they make the money so other cartridges cause the printer to not function properly.
I am giving this product two stars only because it shipped very quickly and it was a nice attempt. The quality of the calendar is very poor. I bought it for my office wall and can see through the pages from one month to the next! The paper is super thin - newspaper quality at best. No gloss, no card stock cover. Just a simple, cheap calendar with nice phrases. Some may ask why pay $5.00 if I wanted a better quality. 1) Because I waited too late to get a 2012 calendar from the store; and 2) I've seen better products at Big Lots so I had hopes for this one. I won't buy from this vendor again.
The image shows a box or 12 woodless pencils and what I got was ONE. If you only plan to sell one and not the pack, then say QTY 1.  Don't show the box of 12. For the price it is alright, I will rationalize it however it would be better if the description and the photo matched.  It's a real let down. I recommend getting only keeping the image of just one pencil. So the buyer knows what they are getting.
I ordered this for hiding cables in my home theater.  I found it very hard to fold and keep it folded (it comes as a roll of flat plastic).  I spent an hour trying to do one short run.  I then bought some pieces of CordMate II, which were very easy to use and install.  CordMate is more expensive but worth every penny.
Estas hojas que supuestamente son compatibles con el formato original de CD STOMPER no tienen la misma calidad que los originales en lo absoluto, es inferior. No cuenta con las partes que sostienen la etiqueta en el instrumento de aplicaci&oacute;n original. Si quieren impresiones de buena calidad no les recomiendo comprar este paquete, mejor compren las hojas originales de la marca.Actualizaci&oacute;n 23/04/12He usado varias hojas ya y pienso que la calidad es media, sin embargo es m&aacute;s d&iacute;ficil aplicarlo a los discos no teniendo las partes que lo sostienen para una alineaci&oacute;n perfecta, mencionadas anteriormente, hay que tener mucha concentraci&oacute;n para hacerlo bien, de otra forma queda arruinado el disco.
i am upset about how much i actually paid for ONE ink pen, if i am not mistaken, i thought that more than one pen came with the order.
this is very lightweight cardstock. I usually like heavier. I could not find the weight of it anywhere. colors of kit are okay
Thought it would be a nice bold writing ball point pen.  Writes the same as any other ball point...buy a bic.
The product description is false. These are not holographic, and there is no 3D image. They are just cheap diffraction gratings that provide a rainbow effect. One set of wings has the diffraction grating oriented differently from the other, so they take turns being dull or rainbow-colored. But you can always see both sets of wings (unlike the images provided in the product description). The two sets of wings look cheesy. They are functional as tamper-proof stickers, but they are worth more like $3 rather than $12.
Se despega con facilidad, no era lo que esperadba,  perdi mi dinero en este articulo.Comes off easily, not what esperadba, I lost my money on this item.
Not what I was expecting, way overpriced.Could have bought 192 creamers for the same price various other places.Will buy elsewhere next time.
should have read the small print. I paid way too much for this tiny box of creamers. I will pay closer attention in the future.
You can pump forever but I don't think it works very well.
The cat, no matter how it is held, usually shows up red.  Only if it is wiggled around does it produce the green light and meow sound.  It doesn't matter how you hold the cat, upright as suggested or slanted, or where you put it on the black dot, it does not consistently show up the right answer.  Therefore, the child quickly loses interest or someone who knows the right answer has to constantly monitor.  I am sorry I bought this product for my grandson.
looks cheap,just not what i expected. Every one doesn't like the same things some folks may love this item. only two stars.
First of all, when this arrived the frame was cracked inside the box even though the box was intact. Fortunately, because I was going to screw it directly to the wall in a barn, I made the repair and mounted it by screwing straight through the wood frame rather than using the rather flimsy mounting hardware that is attached. This is VERY flimsy, so it took several screws to really made it secure and somewhat sturdy. Also, it isn't a true chalkboard- it's more like a piece of thin wood paneling with a painted layer on it. Regular chalk didn't work very well so I splurged on liquid chalk markers- they worked fantastically EXCEPT for cleaning them off- it just sticks like crazy to the board. We have listed feeding times and amounts for livestock on this chalkboard, so it doesn't get changed more than once a week so we are just making do. It simply wasn't worth the hassle to try to return it.
The actual outside measures of the frame that I received are 22.5 x 33 inches. The writing area is hardly more than 20 x 30 inches. So if you expect that it would be roughly the same size like the standard 2 x 3 foot boards, then you may find that it feels significantly smaller: just more than 80% of the area that you are used to. It is hard to understand why they advertise the size if they don't intend to stick with it.
I really like the old-fashioned Sharpie markers. That said, I don't like these Sharpie pens. They are just not of the same quality as the company's marker products. I understand that Sanford wants to get a piece of the disposable pen market, but first they need to develop a product that is as good or better than competitors such as the Uni-ball Vision Elite, a disposable pen I find vastly superior to the Sharpie Pen RT.
Unfortunately these folders come apart on the back side after a period of usage. I cannot recommend it for anyone's office.
We bought 2 of these for a charity event - the event is only once a year so we didn't really want to invest in anything more advanced to process credit cards.  Well, despite the fact that it came with 2 slips that had been run through the machines by the company, proving the machines worked at the factory I guess, these just did not work well for us at all.  The imprints just were not clear enough for us to be comfortable using them and part of the numbers were always too faint to make out.  We did not have a name plate but we did put in a small card in that spot as a placeholder in case that was throwing something off, but it didnt help.  We tried multiple times, even using different kinds of slips, but it was always too faint.  In the end we didn't use these at our event.
Product is fine,,,Easy to set up and start working to keep track of employees in and outs.BUTSoftware is over loaded with useless settings.I have to manually do the math to figure out total hours worked each day.They would sell more of these if it had software that just gave totals for hours each employee punched in.From what I can figure out from software it only lets you know when someone punchesin and out and seems set up more for to show if someone is late and highlights that punch.
The idea is so it will fit into a front pocket, which it won't. I purchased them for my journalsim students and was really disappointed.
Small, cute, and easy to use..nicer than regular paperclips, and an extra smile in your day never hurts!  I use these to mark pages in the individual notebooks in my Midori Traveler's Notebook, and they do that job very well.  They slide on easily (actually, they don't 'slide' on, but are 'pushed' on), but are not so easy to come off.  I don't mean to say that I have to pry them off, by any means, but rather, they don't slide off as easily as when put on, so they tend to stay put.  And I've found that they work best when marking or holding more than one page or sheet of paper.  Another review commented that they are not brightly coloured...no, they are not brightly coloured, but then, they are pastel shades, which by definition aren't bright.Some days later...I've downgraded the rating to 2 stars.  These are a pain to remove, or at least I haven't figured out a way to remove them without damaging the pages they are meant to mark, which is irritating.  I'm going to try something else.
Locator signal not loud enough to make it noticable unless very close by.  If stuck between the cushions forget about it.  Supplier conveniently sent another unit for comparison, but unfortunately no improvement.
The product did work as it was described, you push a button and the remote would make a noise. The only problem is that the noise can't be heard if you have a problem hearing VERY high frequency sounds. If you have good or normal hearing it shouldn't be a problem. The range isn't that great either but if you walk around pushing the button you will eventually find what you are looking for.
You get what you pay for. Delivery was really fast. The compass is unreliable at best, the thermometer was generally close (within 10 degrees)to the ambient temp. until it broke. The magnifying glass does work well enough to start a fire. I wish I could find one of these with higher quality control. I do not recommend this for as any reliable tool for survival, camping or serious use. Only as a backyard toy.
Arrived damaged (the compass) and broke even more just looking at it. Cheap flimsy novelty item. I only paid a buck but I was disappointed as I wanted to carry this on my key chain. Neat idea though. Similar models sold at retail chain stores are only better in that they tend to last longer.
Idea wise these are great....however, they don't stick well at all! They need a better sticker on the chip holder and then they would be useful.
These clips took forever to get here and I am not of fan of them. Price is what I paid for. The first time I used one, the back sticker came off to where it stuck on my nightstand. I stopped using them.
I really wanted to like these but they don't stick to my surfaces so I can't really use them.
The adhesive on the organizer was not strong at all. I used 3M high strength spray adhesive to increase the bonding strength.
Works okay if you add extra adhesive to the back. If not it pops right off whatever surface you stick it on after a few hours
I bought this a few weeks ago, paying $3.99 for an add-on item. The first day I was using them, I thought they were great! But since then I have had to replace two of them.If there is any weight or stress placed on them, they pop right off of the sticky foam pad on the bottom. The foam sticker remains on the desk/table/wall, and if you try to peel it off it leaves a sticky residue that I can only get off with adhesive remover. I don't use it for much- keeping my laptop cord in place so it doesn't fall behind the desk. The spot itself doesn't have too much stress on it. But I have had to replace it a few times, because the plastic just pops right off of the sticker.I might buy some suction cups and super glue them to the plastic pieces to make them work better. The plastic part itself works great, but the sticker to attach it to your surface defeats the purpose of the product, as it is not functional.
These worked great at first, however the adhesive wears off just after a few weeks, and all over my home and office i just have the sticker residual without the actual organizer.
These a cute cable holders that I thought would look whimsical on my desk.Unfortunately, the adhesive on them doesn't last very long.  I have used 4 of the 6, and 2 have ended up in the trash because they don't stick.
Concept is great but the bottom sticky pads weren't placed evenly on all the little pegs. I also removed one and to this day still have some of the sticky foam on my desk I can't remove.
they're cute and all but the sticky stuff at the bottom doesn't do a very good job at sticking to whatever you put it on and all I was left with was sticky residue all over my stuff.
I love the idea of these as well as the bright colors but they do not stick to my desk.
They worked for about two days and then it broke. It kept falling. And then the sticky thing came off
They didn't stick at all, so it didn't really hold it in place with my phone, nook and laptop cords.
The adhesive isn't very good. I use one to hold my cell phone ear phones and it sticks for a few days and then it's done. Disapointed.
I originally thought I liked these in the first few days after applying them to the surfaces I wanted.  However, if you do not place these on the top of a flat surface, and instead stick them on the side of say a wall caddy for your cell phone, within a few days the stickers give out and the clips just slide to the floor.  Not what I expected and none work anywhere but on top of a flat surface.  Pbbtt!
Very undependable for actually sticking to a surface.  Half of these have fallen off my wall, where they only hold Apple earbuds or Apple USB cables.  They don't even stick to a flat surface like a desk very well.  I love the concept, but the adhesive is garbage.
I tried about 4 of these from the pack, for each one the sticky pad on the back came off of the rubber piece itself. After 4 I just gave up. Maybe I got a bad pack. Anyway, if you want to just have sticky pads stuck to your desk, this is a great product. If you want to have a nice cable clip, maybe not. I tried using other sticky substances (like double sided sticky tape) to make this product work...all failed. The rubber material these clips are made of doesn't seem to bind well with adhesive materials. I tried using it on the side of my desk, perhaps it would have worked fine on the top of my desk where it doesn't have to fight gravity. In the end I used a bunch of tape, going through the cable slot on the top of the clip, in order to secure this to my desk. I use it to hold up my laptop charger cable and Ethernet cable and it works. If you can find a way to get an adhesive to stick to the rubber part or just use tape to secure it, it works fine (hence why I give it 2 stars). I would not recommend this product...you can make it work but it takes a lot of effort and the results aren't quite as clean as anticipated.
seriously what was I expecting for the price. They do the job as long as you only look that them and don't touch them too much.
Ordered a bunch of these.  About half arrived cracked, will be sending back.  They also seemed slightly smaller than 2 inches.  Would I order them again?  Probably not.
As it is built, it is functionally useless. You can pass USB cables or similar, but power-cables and so on, forget it. You can make the hole bigger with a box-cutter, but why it doesn't do what it's designed for straight out of the box is a mystery.
I bought some of these for a project I was working on and had a few issues. First, the grommet is slightly thinner than 2" so when I drilled the hole for it there was not a tight fit. So the grommet was continually falling out of the whole. They are also pretty fragile, which probably wouldn't be an issue if they fit tightly into the hole that was drilled for it. So now I have a hand full of grommets with pieces broken off that don't fit tightly into their holes. I probably would search around a little bit more to find something better.
Very cheap but usable.  Note that 2inches is small.  The cable hole can barely get a Ethernet cable connector through.  The center does pop out (it you want to or not).  I left it out to get more cables through.  I drilled a 2in hole and it was a little big.  The grommet was loose in the hole.  I ended up caulking the outside of it to keep it in place.  Very limited applications.  At least it is cheap.
Note that this product is not 2" as shown in the product information. I used a 2" hole saw and these would not fit... they are at least 2.125" (not a standard hole-saw bit). I had to take a rotozip and expand the hole to get them to fit. That was after two of them snapped in half. Poor quality product.
Several of the creamers broke open during shipping and the contents spilled all over the other creamers and box which made everything sticky.
Some of the cups were open inside the package, spilling contents all over each of them.
Not packaged well enough - enough broken packages to leave the whole bottom of the box wet with cream. Numerous boxes of 50 contained broken packets.
These are not folder as much as just a thin plastic sleeve. You can't fit much into them, and they're basically useless as folders. I gave two stars instead of one because the design is cute.
It chews up the pencil makes the point to sharp when you go to write the point breaks if you push it down to sharpen the sharpener cuts off
I would of loved to give this a five star rating, but the dimensions are very DECEPTIVE.  I got this for a Christmas gift for my grandson and at the same time ordering a bible.  I went by the dimensions advertised in ordering this bible cover and it is not even big enough for a 10&#34; bible.  It is way too small for the bible that I purchased it for.  I am very disappointed as now it is nearing Christmas and I may not have time to get a cover for my grandson. The shipping was also slow leaving me in a bind. The proper dimensions for this bag would fit a bible/book that is 9 1/2&#34; x 6.7/8&#34; x 2&#34;My bible is 10.5&#34; x 7&#34; x 1.5&#34;.  This should have fit as being advertised as 11.5&#34; x 8.25&#34; x 2&#34;This is a deception of -2&#34; in length and -3/8&#34; in width.I will say, the quality is very nice.  It makes me all the more disappointed.  I would of loved that it fit.
when i buy it they didnt give me the option to choose so they automaticly gave me the bunny i dislike the blk bunny n its to small too short to tie my cords disappointed
I have purchased other dotz products for wrapping up longer cables and thought this would be a nice way to manage some devices like phone chargers, ipod chargers etc.  But once I got the product home and set it up on my night stand, I found that the back side is not sticky enough to maintain a good contact with the surface you place it on.  I tried my night stand, the wall and even the side of my headboard and it will not stay in place.  The second issue that I found is when putting your cables into the slots, they are not designed to really hold your cables in place.  There are 4 slots, two to each side of the cord catcher.  The one furthest in is hard to get any cable into it therefore you really can't use it for 4 cables.  The outside slot is too loose to keep your cable secure enough to keep it from sliding out or easily being removed.  I think they need to revisit this product and try to improve on its features.  I will save my money on any more dotz purchases except for the Dotz cord wrapper.
I don't want to dishearten you , but the way it carpented is way amateur .I have to fix some screws, but all in all it is not that bad just amateur chinese carpenter , only surface looks real wood (which I doubt it also) the rest is cheap trashy,the only reason that why I did not return it because of shipment price and dissertation due dateregards
Although it's a German design, I'm very disappointed with the quality of this product and the material used in its manufacturing. The case looks fantastic in the pictures, however what I received is a very poor quality case. The locks are almost rusty and cheap. The hand is inflexible to tilt, the case's corners aren't fixed well, both interior and exterior are lousily designed. I'm not happy with this purchase, and definately will not use this case to store my precious coin collection.
Its a waste of money. It doesn't really tell you much just shows different positions. It should be free with the Thera Cane which I do love.
This item is smaller than it looks like in the picture. When I received this bag, I was very disappointed in the size of this item. It does not function as a briefcase because it cannot hold folders and close at the same time. Too square for a pocketbook, too small for a briefcase. Looks are deceiving. Not worth the price. This bag can hold minimum items, so if you are looking for a briefcase-like bag to hold folders and files, keep looking. This is not what you see.
When item was removed from the box it fell apart.  My son-in-law had to put it together again.  The three ball bearings fell out.Thank goodness we found them as they went flying onto the floor.
The bottom part that holds ball bearings and makes cardholder swivel keeps falling off and balls go rolling away!  Guess we need to glue it.
It sticks when trying to shuffle the cards and i get tired of replacing the cards all the time.  I need a card shuffler that works all the time