This has worked well for us this year. We are new to homeschool and will look into other curriculums next year. This would be great if it came with workbooks or something. It just doesn't seem to have enough practice lessons.
Nice calendar, nice girl, but I thought her breasts were better. While itis nice to see real natural breasts I thought and remember seeing themshaped better than what is in the calendar.
First I want to state that this is a review of the product and not the seller. However the price printed on the back is $1 so maybe the seller is in need of review.This calendar is not that great, it's printed on very thin paper just a bit thicker than copy paper.It's sold as a 16 month calendar so you are excited to see pictures of 16 cute kittens. There are only 12 kitten pictures in here!!!! One kitten for each month, the cover kitten is reused for February. The first four month of 2013 are crammed on the last page with no kitten pictures.
This item is lined, and it does not say that in the product description. I had wanted a blank notebook, so more detail in the description would have been great.
I was a bit disappointed in this book. I expected more complex and well planned hands-on lessons, but most of what is in here has been in numerous other math books for teachers. It's not bad, just a bit too basic and many &#34;recycled&#34; ideas. I expected more.
The items were perfect... but they charged almost $18.00 for shipping on 3, 12 month calendars. That is extremely overpriced. Check and DOUBLE CHECK the shipping charges before you order. I was told they would combine shipping but it didnt happen.
I am sitting in a classroom of 700 students taking a chemistry course.  About twenty minutes into the lecture, the professor asks a multiple choice question.  He gives the class three minutes to work on it.  I click my answer on the RF response pad, and it blinks green letting me know it was accepted.  After three minutes, he closes the question and displays a bar graph illustrating the class's various answers.  He chooses the correct one and it highlights green!  The technology is great!Here are some major downsides...I find that in the technological era, many of the older professors just dont really know what's going on when it comes to a computer.  They are taught how the 'clicker' works and how to set up a question.  When they ask a true-false or multiple choice, it works well.  However, they can ask for numeric answers (up to 11 numbers I believe).  This is where the device fails.  It is too early in it's development to be asking for an answer that involves more than one click.  I beleive the newer versions allow the user to see the answer they input, but the older versions are useless for this.I have a physics professor who set up an exam using the clicker.  I think this is a horrible idea.  Each student (out of 200) has to scroll through a screen using the navigation arrows until they get to the question they want.  It takes too much time.  And unlike plain old scantron, I have no way to see what number I put in if I want to change it.  I think it would be much better if we still used scantron exams.Lastly, the price of the clicker is minimal, but registering it just adds more debt to an already overpriced semester (for books and tuition).  You have the option of paying a few dollars per course, or 35.00 for a lifetime use.  I believe that the university should be paying these fees and not the student.  I think a way around it, is to have one student pay for a subscription and have as many student as he wants use their account.All in all, I think it is a step forward in the technological classroom, but given a few years, when everyone has a laptop and can connect to a local network, this response pad will be deemed obsolete.  I wait for that day when I open the laptop, log on to the network, have the professors slides displayed on my screen, have the questions, exams and such displayed on my screen, and my answers recorded directly to the gradebook.Hope this helps.
I ordered one of these on Amazon marketplace and the unit did not work. The problem is that the yellow/orange clickers without the display are no longer supported. The yellow ones require to manually join classroom sessions whereas the white ones join automatically. Furthermore, you have to call customer service to even get the older units registered and even if you do, they will be useless if the professor uses a 2010 or later edition of the software that no longer supports the older style clickers. I highly suggest you contact the seller before buying to ensure you are buying the clicker with a display and not the older model which essentially is now nothing but a paperweight.
I received my package 13 days after i ordered it. Coming from Jordan, Israel that's a good shipping window. The package had 7 layers of bubble wrap, boxes and more bubble wrap. Once my mom opened it she was thrilled and said it was cool but something felt wrong. It's not the same design as the picture! While I'm disappointed it's not the same, it's still a nice piece.
This product is for a copy machine only. It will not work on your home printers. After reading the item description, and customer reviews, I thought I would give this a try on my home printer. Don't do it. The customer reviews stating that this does work on there printers are missleading !! You need Translucent Vellum. The item description and customer reviews need to be changed to make this known. I'm sure this will work great for COPY MACHINES. Not your home printers !!
Looks good when first printed.  It holds the print well enough with careful handling and storage after printing.  However the toner from my Brother MFC seems to rub off too easily under heavier use.  Cannot be used in conjunction with dry erase or wet erase markers without smudging.  Maybe other laser printers or copiers won't have this problem, but I'm a bit skeptical it's that isolated.
It came when I wanted it, but I thought that I could just slip a card inside of the pouch. I didn't realize that I needed to actually laminate the tag to seal it. I don't own a laminating machine, so I'm still trying to figure out how I'm going to do it without messing them up because I ordered exactly what I need.
The laminating puches were perfect, exactly what I wanted but the loops are difficult to use. Once you laminate the business card it is hard to manipulate the card into the loop and around a handle. I bought these to make lego themed luggage tags as party favor for a birthday party.
The laminating pouches are great.  The plastic "cord" that attaches them to a bag is bad.  They're just bulky and don't tighten to either the pouch or the bag, well.  I love the pouches, so it was worth the purchase, but I just opted to use string/ribbon/yarn/etc. to attach them to the bag.
I agree that their customer support is a complete scam. It almos amounts to a deceptive trade pratice. They dont respond to emails which forces you to buy their support service.
I have a Kodak printer and the box says that its for all printers and this is true but when it dries normally the ink kinda runs grey a little after giving it time. I found that if you spray a fine mist hair spray ont he text it sits perfectly and doesn't smudge. I used Treseme ultra fine mist spray btw.
I agree with the other reviewers--the software stinks and is IMPOSSIBLE to use. If you have any graphic design background or know someone who does, you can design your own according to the product specs and it will work out well. I also agree that it's difficult to use their "applicator." You need to peel the label off the sheet and eyeball it yourself. If you are careful, you'll get clean contact and a professional looking DVD/CD. I think that the clear labels are much better looking than the white labels. Plus, the white labels are a bit too thick, causing some DVD/CDs not to load and play properly. They also rub off whereas the clear labels stick tight. And yes, they are VERY, VERY expensive for what they are.To sum it up--if you have the patience and knowledge to produce your own template, go for these labels.
These transparencies work well using overhead markers on them.  If you want to make the transparencies on your computer, the printer ink does not dry, even after sitting out for a week.
This paper won't work in an ink jet printer, which is not surprising since it says on a box "Transparency Film for Copiers". For this price I will not return it but use as "write-ons."
I came across this item researching ink-jet tranparencies. Didn't really look into it so it's basically my fault. Just be aware that using this with ink-jets (at least of the Canon variety) will lead to a smearing of the print.On this occasion I didn't mind as I was going for an arty feel but in more buttoned-down environments there might be an issue.
I orderedStandard Word/Sentence Strip Pocket Chart, 34"x50", Blue (PAC20010) Category: Bulletin and Cork Boards, expecting to receive the large pocket chart and the smaller pocket chart. My package arrived quickly, however, I only received the large charts. I came back to Amazon to see if maybe I missed something - which, in fact, I did. Apparently, the charts are sold separately, not together, as the picture and the description state. Although I am satisfied with the large charts, I am unhappy with the deception of both the picture and the description. I feel that I could go to a store and buy the large chart cheaper, without the shipping cost. I chose to buy from this company because I thought I was getting a good deal, two charts for the price of one.Product DescriptionNylon cloth charts feature clear pockets to displaying sentence strips, mini sentence strips and word cards. Standard Pocket Chart is 34" x 50" and features 10 extra-wide clear pockets. Mini Pocket Chart is 28" x 28" and features six clear pockets.(This is the description that had me thinking I would be receiving two charts.)
Was hoping the new cap was just a fluke..I really don't like it.  I'm not having any luck getting used to it after a month or so, and just read a ariticle in Consumer's Report May 2011 which rated dish liquids.AJax came in with the highest rating and was also the most economical.  It got their CR Best Buy rating.  The cost per oz is .06 compared to .13 for Palmolive.  I'm about to go shopping and will pick up the Ajax and give it a try.  I see the same company makes them both so they aren't losing my business, but it will cut into their profit margins!  Sometimes it's better not to take cost cutting steps when it makes your product look cheaper!  If I'm going for value I want to see it on MY balance sheet!!
The rolodex listfinder is handy for quick lookup but the slide on the side tends to stick and damage the cards. It suits my needs for numbers I need quickly.
I have problems with the moveable tab !  It seems to stick thus getting the wrong address letter page card that I want!
This review is purely to comment on the NON-UNIFORMITY of refills.Fortunately, I did my research before purchasing a refill, but it took FOREVER to find the right information.  In fact, I had to eventually call Cross Customer Service to find out wether all Cross ReFills were interchangeable and would fit all Cross pens - THEY DO NOT!  If your Cross pen is a ballpoint it will always be a ballpoint and visca versa.Maybe that is just common sense and I am the stupid one here, but hopefully somebody will benefit from this review.
I love the classic wet erase markers and trust me, they are not easy to find anymore since the days of the overhead projector are long gone! I use these for my kids lamenated chore charts because dry erase rubs off to easy. These work great until it comes time to wiping them down. I still havent come up with a good system, they seem to smear all over when wiped with a damp cloth and I ALWAYS end up getting it all over my fingers no matter how hard I try, and it does take a day or two to completely wash off my hands. I accept this downfall and continue to use them none the less. They work for my purpose of them!
This is the main brand for overhead markers.  By main complaint is that the fine point dulls very quickly.  Once this happens, your writing is difficult to see.
These markers are perfect thickness to write a lot in a little space and to keep your handwriting neat enough for people to read (including yourself lol). But these markers also don't show up very well. It looks like they are wet when they come on and they don't get darker.
I bought these markers to use on my dry erase calender that is on my fridge at home. I love how they don't smear, so I can fill in the numbers of the month and then later on add things on it and my palm won't smear the marker. To erase the marker you definitely need a wet paper cloth and then it comes off easily.The only downside I found was that they are VERY fine point tips. The write very thin and lightly so it was a bit difficult to read from a distance.Other than that they are great!
I purchased this stapler very recently.  I am disappointed.  I purchased one of these staplers back in about 2000 for a CPA firm I used to work at and LOVED it.The newer version is not as good.  The pressure activation levers are not very sensitive, so if you only have a couple of pieces of paper to staple, you really have to fidget with it to get it to activate the stapler, which is a pain in the xxx.Other than that.  It does staple a lot of paper at once & I love that I don't have to constantly refill the staples.  It hold 5,000 staples at once.
First one came broken.  Apparently not so heavy duty after all.  Smooth exchange for another which arrived in one piece.  These are set out to be used by the patrons of our library.  We have to replace them about once a year.
The advertisement states it is the Color Ink and Paper set.  When I got the item it is ink and paper LABEL set. REALLY DISAPPOINTED!! Amazon should really change the wording to LABEL SET, not PAPER SET. It is VERY MISLEADING!!!
The Ink Label is satisfactory and quality-wise good and can be recommended whoever is interested. While printing much quantity is used, I have sparingly used it.
Weird size. I have a hole saw I have used a million times with other gromets but this one was small by about a mm or two. Fixed it by wrapping some electrical tape around it.
These grommets are ok and they will do the job, I found a better item for my application that look like wall plates and they are white
This is nice if you have large cables but finding a grommet hole drill bit the right size is a headache and ends up costing you more than I my self felt comfortable spending.
You can pay to have photos developed CHEAPER! I don't know how they can charge so much for 75 pictures. If you do the math and add in postage and tax you could just about pay a photographer to take the 75 pictures for you. I am going to use what I have and sell my photo printer. IT IS NOT WORTH the extra cost to print at home.
My wireless optic mouse does not slide easily on this surface, this might be more beneficial for an older mouse with the ball in the bottom...
Easy to assemble.  Looks good on my desk.Mine was cracked when I got it.  It isn't too noticeable, but a small, broken off chuck of it fell out when I opened the packaging.
I will keep it simple and direct. This product is easy to installand sticks well without adhesive. The problem with this product aswith similar products, is that where the protector, which is clear, comes in contact with the LCD you lose clarity. No matter how you clean the LCD the result is the same. I have a Canon Powershot S50 that I'm trying to protect without that film appearing at the contact point. I don't know if I'm allowed to suggest another product but I have ordered a product that has a small frame around the protector so that the protector doesn't touch the LCD screen. (...)
Nice Hand Puppet But the Hair is so Bad, its knots without even playing with it so I had my friend Braid it so it would not tangle as much. Some parts could be made of better quality without increasing price that much. I hope this helps. Truly Gerard
The puppet says 14 in but it was skinny and didn't match the others in size. Folkmanis is the puppets they love the most but for some reason not this one. My grsndkids like the animals one in this line the best.
This printer does print excellent pictures, but I've had it less than a year and had to send it in for cleaning already, which I had to pay the shipping.  I've purchased two printing packs which were supposed to produce 80 pictures each.  I only have 90 pictures to show for it.  My husband bought it for me for Mother's Day, so I could print our baby's pictures easily.  He might be sending it back asking for our money back.
I purchased these boxes in a few different sizes for my office.  They look great, and made it easy to get organized without spending too much money.  I have found, however, that the snaps which hold the boxes together are of inconsistent quality.  Some are very difficult to get snapped, and others are so loose you cannot count on them to stay snapped.  For my purposes, the boxes work well, because I use them to store things I only get into occassionally.  I would not recommend these boxes for moving things around a whole lot, as they have a tendency to spontaneously disassemble when overused.
We ordered the product shown in the picture and rec'd something similar.  First time ordering from Amazon so unsure if this is common practice or a slip up.  We ended up keeping the item sent.  Very functional and pretty much what we were looking for.
Hey what can I say? It doesn't get hot (just warm) and it doesn'tstink like other reviews say it would.
It came on time and looked like the bulb it was meant to replace. The only problem is as it turned out the bulb must not be the problem. So I guess I have an extra bulb in the event I figure out what is wrong with the projector.
I was sent standard chalk erasers which is not what is in the picture. I am not concerned as they work fine on chalk boards but just beware.
The eraser was fine- not much to say about an eraser.  However when I ordered this it was listed as a 12/pack. This would have been great but it included only one.  When I contacted the seller they understood and refunded my order immediately. Great customer service.
The paper is nice, however, not as thick as I was hoping for, for newsletter use.
does not stand up straight when closed.  It's okay for my use of filing my monthly bills.
You really have to scrub, which is not good for some carpets. Also, the bottle goes quite quickly. You have to use a good bit. It does get up most stains, but with wear to the carpet.
The description of this item does not say sorting tray not included. When you order this, realize all you will receive is the plastic counting items. The picture is a little deceiving, but the assorted counting items are nice.
This magnet is very cute and very fragile.  Not practical for holding anything even a small paper.
Not issues with the printing itself.  The output is good and installation was smooth.The printing software is quarky with some annoying defaults that are hard to figure outhow to change.This printer is the loudest printer I have had in a while.  If you like silence you will be unhappy about the ticking or clicking that it makes for 20 minutes after printing even one page.  The sound is like what you would hear after you have turned off your car in the garage and it is cooling down.  You know that clicking and ticking sound coming from under the hood?  Drives me crazy like a dripping faucet.
I feel like these blades go dull and have their tips break way more easily than they should.  Fortunately I have 100 of them, and they're not particularly expensive.
Overall the glasses are pretty nice. The only thing is the ear pieces are not adjustable. Pairs we have bought elsewhere were adjustable.
I'm more used to coffee mate in the large can...this doesn't ~seem~ the same to me...recommend the one in the can if you're picky about what you put in your coffee
It says its a data cable with "charging" not sure what that means.But it does not charge my phone, thats for sure!This package does not come with any "software"so that must be purchased separately.You can't do anything right after installing the driver cd.There are no instructions with package so you must feel your way through it.My advise is "know what your buying" so there won't be surprises in the end.
Althought it is well made but the prize is too high and therefore I am only giving it 3 stars.
These are low cost plastic grommets. They work.  Note that they require a 2 3/4 inch hole to install them. Don't buy a 3" hole saw like I did, they fall right through the hole.
Long time since I bought this & have used once. Not my fav embossing. I now prefer embossing folders over this type.
These look sturdy and kidproof. Looks like my extremely long cable cord may not fit .But they should work good on gaming station cords which are shorter and more plyable.
1st I would say the vendor was prompt to ship the item.They were brand new .They were a little larger than I expected,for the purpose I intended.They came in a pkg. of 3.They work fine & clean up the issue of hanging cords & or storing them..
These were much bigger and bulkier than I expected. They did the job of keeping the are under my desk organized and less tangled. Easy to wind and unwind.
I wanted a stationary phone because the kids are always wandering off with the cordless handsets. I like the caller ID on this phone, but it has something weird going on with the volume. It may even be defective. The volume abruptly goes in and out while one is talking.
unable to use as is had to cut off connector  pda does not have a similar connection when I soldered it on the pda would not work tried with two batteries
This stuff is not very sticky at all. Realize the more you knead the dough, the less sticky it becomes. That might be in part due to the oil from your fingertips. It's just okay if your application does not require much holding power, or stickiness. Does not seem to leave any oily residue, which is a good thing. I've used it successfully in the office. My white melamine open front / back shelving sticks out from the wall because of the baseboard. When I place a shelf on the pins, just bumping a shelf half an inch can cause the shelf to slid off the pins, collapse and everything falls. This product really helps the shelves to stay put. And, it's easy to remove. It may work okay for display items in a china case or curio cabinet. But if you're worrying about earthquakes, freeway vibration, nearby airports, etc., you may want to consider a museum grade product. I would not use this product anywhere it might get hot from direct sunlight, outdoors, higher temperatures, etc. It might work okay for keeping modest sized picture frames balanced and in place on a wall, though I have not tried that.
I've tried this in the classroom. It does the job of holding materials to the wall, however, it is too sticky to remove easily.
This item is great for hanging up light things like pictures but if you want to hang some thing like a frame (first thing I thought of) use something else it works good for semi heavy stuff but gets less sticky within 15 seconds
I have arthritis in my hands.  This stuff was hard to pull off and roll around until it was pliable to stick to the back of what I wanted to hand.
It was too sticky and ripped the paint off the wall. I guess I can't complain about it's ability to hold things to the wall though!
Excited a first...within 3 days I was disappointed.  All of my Posters fell off the wall...Papers lasted about a week
This works great- can use it over and over.  I use this to hang my kids drawings on the wall- I only gave it 3 stars because I was thinking I was getting a better price through amazon but found it for less at walmart and target.
This product is excellent by itself. The only reason I gave it only 3 stars is that the packaging is not re-sealable, making it a problem with product drying out. I have stored it in a ziploc bag, but I think the manufacturer should review better packaging options since most people don't use a whole pack of poster putty at one time.
Does the job, but leaves stains on my wall after removal
I'm kind of torn in this review. After I finally got everything wrapped up in it and was able to get the cover on, it was perfect. Just what I was looking for. But getting to that point was a bit of a pain.If you're using this for computer cables or something, you probably would have a better experience. I was using this for TV and home theater cables (mounted to the back of a tv cart type of thing). This included a couple speaker cables (small), HDMI cables, Component Video cables, and various power cables. Maybe I was just trying to use it for more than it was intended - but with some of the cables being of higher quality - that made them a bit thicker and not as malleable. And I could easily just blame this whole thing on the cables... but I was really hoping this organizer could handle them.Problem was that as I started to wrap more cables around this, it became difficult to find a good path to wrap the rest of the cables - especially the larger ones like the heavy duty component cables and some of the power cables. It took a lot of effort and thought on my end to get things to fit and I was afraid to move any single cable, lest I then have to move many more.Eventually I got it all to fit, and it looked great. But for the amount of effort I had just put forth, I debated if it was really worth it. Like I said, any other situation and this is probably a fantastic product. But I wouldn't recommend it for any sort of home theater.
Wiremate Cable Organizer, BlackWhile this product does help with wire clutter it isn't the absolute solution.  It did nicely tidy up the cables between my laptop and second monitor, but it seems to only work well in situations where all your hardware sits very close together.  I guess I would have to purchase another one to organize the cables for my routers, modem, and external devices.
The scale does work, however, you must be very careful it changes from pounds to ounces randomly and if you are thinking you are weighing in pounds and you are actually in ounces, may not be a good thing.
I bought this to help me ship things I sell on eBay. Works well and is easy to use. Good value for the $
If you just want something to protect your Ipod--- YippeeHowever,The armband etc... is a joke.And to not use the little band to hang it around your neck.  It's very flimsy.  The metal piece comes off easily and your poor pod could go crashing down on the pavement.
I am very pleased with the case itself. The click wheel cover is extremely well designed and the case fits snuggly around my iPod.The plastic cover which comes with the case could use some serious help.  I was able to get it on with somewhat minimal bubbles, well enough to where I could see the screen anyway.  The problem came three days later when the bubbles apparently decided to emulate bunnies and the bubble population expanded to an alarming number.  I attempted to smooth the bubbles out, to no avail.  I tried removing and reapplying the plastic protector, again failing.  There were no instructions as to how to apply the protector so it's entirely possible I did something wrong, but that's kind of the point . . . no instructions.  If there was a special something or other that needed to be done, I was unaware.The armband and other accessories are essentially unusable as the case is very stretchy and, I fear, would not withstand the amount of stretching that would be required with using these items.  Considering I got the case solely for the purpose of protecting my iPod from dirt and scratches, this is a non-issue to me; however, worth mentioning for folks who might want to use it while running and whatnot.Overall the case is extremely cool and has a really neat feel to it (it's soft and sleek =D).  The openings are perfect and allow the access needed to get the iPod plugged in.  One thing I might suggest is slipping the iPod in through the screen opening.  I attempted to slide the bottom of the case over the iPod and struggled with it quite a bit.  When I attempted to reposition the plastic cover I discovered that the case was Much easier to put on when the iPod went through the window area instead (as I said, some instructions would have been grand . . . a few useful hints / tips).
I have had no problem with this card holder. It is functional and sturdy. The only issue I have with it is the size. It is some what bigger than the average card holder.
Intially I thought I could keep cash and cards, but it doesn't fit. I thought I could replace my wallet but not to be so. Still when I want to go my a short trip and don't want to carry too much, it works.
This thing bears no resemblance to a "proper" business card holder. Let me count the ways:1. In no way looks quite as "sleek" or "refined" as a proper business card holder.2. It's thicker...and even at that, make sure you get the "card case" one, not the wallet. The card case model is 0.50"H x 2.70"W x 4.10"D. The WALLET one (the too-thick brick) is the one with 4.75 x 3.5 x .75" (12 x 9 x 2 cm) dimensions. CHOOSE CAREFULLY, READ THE FINE PRINT. Some sites and sellers here do not distinguish well between the two, but those measurements should help you discriminate with confidence.3. After telling someone I'd ordered it here, they told me it was at a local beach-based tourist shop. That kinda speaks volumes. Think touristy-premium.4. The silver metal has a sort of crass "stamped" sandblasted texture to it...unlike, let's say, a MacBook Pro aluminum unibody laptop, which has a similar smooth aluminum feel, but looks and feels far more refined.5. Plastic tops. Even if you get the black (like I did), it still looks kinda...plasticy-cheap.It is just a casual looking piece, not a "serious business" showpiece. Plus it's a little fiddly...which is why I could not recommend it to businesspeople.THAT said - I am keeping mine, solely on the grounds of functionality. Check these points out:1. Unlike other card cases that get complaints here and there for poor or card-injuring designs, there is no way a card would get nicked in this case.2. The top snaps shut rather eagerly, so you won't see it "accidentally come open," etc.3. The sleek but cheaply-textured body will NEVER scratch...hasn't yet for me.4. A major benefit for me is it fits credit, debit and drivers license great. So I only have to carry this one piece. It also slips nicely into your pocket and isn't terribly noticeable. Somewhat but not horrible like some wallets can be.The piece is sadly too long for most cards, and adds an unncessary half-inch of width in your pocket, but oh well.For the most part, aesthetics aside, this thing really is about as good as it gets if you want to use a hybrid card-case/business card protector AND credit card/ID type holster. I have seen no better.Oh and capacity for cards is huge...I will get as many cards in this as I would a traditional card holder, with room for plastic cards as well.Further, if you were going to club you could fit a car key in this thing. So it's very versatile.- Matt
the quality was average, it seems too thick after loading with cards and cash. where was the plastic credit card cover? I now must order one from alpco co in west bend, ws.
I bought this book to take genealogy notes in. You can use it for whatever purpose you want of course, it's ruled like most other books, the only column is a line that delineates the left margin. $50 is a lot to pay for a notebook, but if you want your notes to last for a very long time, a quality hardback isn't such a bad idea. I bought a book similar to this 20 years ago, and it's still in good shape. I reference that book often and none of the pages are falling out. From the pictures, this looks like a sturdy, well-made book, but once I got the chance to handle it and look closer, I became a little more skeptical of its quality. The pages are fine. The book has a good heft (due mostly to the pages, I got the 500 page version). The spine looks cheap. There are waves in the material and it has a plastic feel to it (this is Texhide, not Leather). There are stenciled lines across the spine to make it look like it has a reinforced structure, but that's not the case. The spine is a single piece of faux leather. The binding inside is also suspect, though (to be fair) no pages have come out. I've only had it for a day now. I don't think this book will hold-up to heavy use over the next 20 years like my old book has. If it does, I'll return to this review (in the next months and years) and revise this. In summary: feels cheaper than I expected and I'm skeptical of the quality.
Other reviewers have commented on the stiffness of this thing, but I just wanted something I could carry in my pocket and fool around with whenever I didn't have access to a full-size cube. I didn't think I was that picky.Still, I feel like I severely underestimated the extent of the stiffness. I wasn't expecting the maneuverability of a speed cube, but this cube is EXTREMELY tight. It takes far too much force to make this thing move.I've previously used 1980s-era keychain cubes, and none of them were as stiff as this one. Keychain-cube technology, it would seem, has seriously regressed over the last 20-odd years.Final verdict: if you just like Rubik's Cubes and want a keychain shaped like a Rubik's Cube to show off your love of Rubik's Cubes, purchase away. If you actually want something you can solve without undue frustration, you should probably look elsewhere.UPDATEAfter carrying this cube around in my pocket for a few days, solving it a handful of times, and dealing with a couple of popped pieces, the cube seems to have loosened up a bit. It's still a bit tight and has a tendency to lock, but it does feel much more workable now. This is still, obviously, not an ideal cube for solving -- there's only so much one can expect from a keychain -- and I'm not quite sure I'm willing to RECOMMEND it, exactly, but I am feeling a bit less harsh about it, now.
This cube is cute, but much harder to turn than a full-size cube. I'm not really sure why this is since it seems that they could have just down-sized the original mechanism. I popped the cube apart and lubed the inside and this helped a little, but not enough. It also feels as if it would be easy to break the cube apart while working it, although this has not happened to me because when I feel tension I back off and make sure the sides are lined up. The keychain is useful, but if they had made it a little lighter-weight it wouldn't have gotten in the way so much. Overall it's a fun gift for someone who likes Rubik's Cubes, but don't get it as an introduction to the cubes because it might turn you off the real thing before you give it a chance.
I got my mini 3x3 and i wasn't very impressed. It does not move well and can not be used for speed cubing event after lubrication. the pieces pop put easily and the center peices fly off and are easy to lose. I reccomend this as a novelty item ONLY. Not for speedcubing!
she uses it on her key chain and what is cute is that it is workable and so cute and tiny.
I bought this key ring to keep my hands busy during my college classes.It's fulfilled its goals, but that's about it. It seems to be of pretty cheap quality (nothing like the regular sized Rubik's cube that I've worn out). It's hard to rotate sides unless it's perfectly lined up, which dropped my rating considerably. If you're simply looking for a good-looking keychain, then this is your product.
As other reviews have said it is a bit stiff but it doesn't get in the way of playing with it unless your picky.  Mine actually broke (3 pieces popped out) while I was trying to scramble it, but after googling I managed to pop them back up (have to remember to do the edges first then the middle piece) and it works again now.  If you just want it as a keychain it's great, if you want it to play with just be gentle with it.
I bought this to use for a visual chore chart for my kids.  It has just the right number of columns and rows for my purposes, BUT the stitching is crooked, so the pockets are not all the same size.  My home-made chore cards just barely fit in some of the slots, and have lots of extra space in the others.  I'm going to see if I can get a replacement or refund.
Not sure how it is...ordered for my son for school. Shipping was quick! Ordered Sunday and received it Tuesday! Thank you Restockit
Product okay.  Not as thick as I wanted. But product will work.  Price okay.
Paid for a B10B, received a BX. Works much better than the A10, but I could have saved $60 by buying it from another Amazon vendor.
There is no glide for the bottom drawer, so it does not pull out smoothly or quietly.  It greatly diminishes the usefulness of the product and is especially frustrating because it would have been so easy to include the third set of glides.  The listing of contents makes it clear that there are only two, however.
The quality of the material is really poor. However, they do keep wires from getting tangled. If you decide to buy ensure you buy enough because they don't stay tight for all that long.
I needed to keep microphone and instrument cables organized in my studio and for live gigging.  I bought a pack of these straps thinking they were the thicker version, of which I already have several.  These straps are pretty thin and light-duty.  I broke a couple of the ends just pulling them off of the roll.  They will also lose their grip after some use and/or being thrown around on dirty venue floors.If you need to continuously tie and untie Velcro straps, look elsewhere.  If you need to organize some home stereo cables, this is your ticket.
Flimsy. Broke easily. Fine to secure things that don't put much stress on the band but otherwise they won't hold up. We didn't even have them outdoors so I suspect if you have them in the sun as well they'll be even less reliable.
So far it seems to be meeting the demand but I had hoped it was the same or as thick as the other product I was trying to replace.
I cannot get anyone to sew the stuff onto the fabric I got it for. Still I like what you sent. Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping Ties, 0.5 Inches x 8 Inches, Black/Gray, 50...
Works well enough to keep things nicely bundled up and out of the way - wish they had a label built into the product...
product a little flimsy so if you're looking for something that is gonna' need lotta' strength this isn't it. If you're just looking to keep cables in order this will do and there is quite a bit of it for the price..
These velcro strip ties are really handy! Lots of little uses for them. Great for tying cables together, strapping your umbrella to your book bag, and other &#34;tying X to Y&#34; uses. The only complaint is that they don't work for attaching things together, as they're not adhesive and they're self-sticking.
I should have got longer ones, but thats my fault. These work well for what i needed.good price for so many.
When ordering this item don't order from the Ace Hardware outlet. It took over 4 wks to arrive but the worst part was when I called and emailed for help. They already had my money and even though it was a problem with the shipped THEY REFUSED to get involved. As far as they were concerned they got their money and the item was out the door so that was good enough.I ended up going to Target and in the hardware section they have the same ties. The ones in the computer/entertainment section cost more but where the tools are they have nice 3M ones for cheap.
I purchased these over a decade ago back when they sold them only in 10 packs (I bought three), and they've lasted for that time and still work today. Relative to those, these are a total steal in price. :-)A few of these were in rotation for my daily travel bag's power supplies and such so don't worry about wearing them out. Granted they pick up lint and hair like nobody's business, but even now, when I've replaced most of their duties with CableBuddies, I still have need to cinch down cable BUNDLES in a few places and these do the job. And for that, the fancy "colored" ones don't serve half as good cable duty (you don't want to exactly draw attention to bundles).Over the old velcro tape design that I used before that, these have a loop. The way you use it is to choose one "key" cable (or the end of a cable) and loop it around and threw the loop tightly. Then you wrap it around the bundle and velcro it down. Should for hundreds (or thousands) of adjustments.So here is the low down. For 90% of what others suggest you buy these things for, you should get CableBuddies, if you can afford them. Remember CableBuddies bulk work to a little under $1 per, while these are a tenth the cost (then again, CableBuddies are made in the USA and have higher cost materials). On the other hand, how expensive are the devices and appliances you are bundling? Is $1/cable really going to set you back? But if you want to bundle cables or are on a tight budget, these are the best things going (if you are on a real tight budget, that you buy a roll of velcro tape and cut your own, I suggest getting out of the cabling business) . Also there are some things the CableBuddies are too small to chinch down and you are better off with these.I think color is a personal thing, but if you are color coding, my thought is get something like a CableBuddy. And since most cabling is still black, these things will disappear. In situations where white cabling is involved, you will notice those are "single cable" situations (iMac/Powerbook, surround speaker wire, etc.). There are exceptions--my subwoofers are in my speaker set and the high end subwoofer cable is not black, XBOX seems to have a penchance for the color gray, etc.--but not enough to warrant actually getting any color other than what Henry Ford recommends (any color you want, as long as it is black).For travel, other than power, look for retractable USB cables (MacAlly even makes one for the iPod).I'd have given this 5 stars years ago, but since that time (cable buddies, cable boxes, retractable cabling), I feel its utility is diminishes it a star. Another star is because I think after a decade, they would have switched the the denser velcro design, so it won't pick up dust or carpet lint or hair. Some of my cable ties are little dust animals in their own right after years of service. :-)
I like having these on hand for cords and other uses, BUT the way it feeds into the slit needs refinement.  It sticks to the other side of the strap and doesn't feed easily putting it on or pulling it off.  Guess I will cut another piece of velcro very small to fit that little area so I can slip it on and off more easily.  It is no fault of this particular brand as they are all the same.  It is a great product for its use.
I love the occasion/subjects that are to be sequenced.  The problem is that because of the border on the cards,it must be sequenced correctly or the border doesn't "flow" correctly.  My son immediately picked up on that so instead of looking at the pictures.he just likes up the border.
A good set for little kids to practice at home...but too bulky and not exciting enough! Cannot use it often as there are not many scenes and so my kid could memorize them pretty soon!  I was cheated about the 6 scene learn to sequence set I bought..all it had was the 4 scenes each and since I had opened it later (after my kid had mastered the 3 and 4 scene sets)...I couldn't even return it!
Ohkay for what it isor the price, it's a nicely packaged razor blade. I understand being an entrepreneur and making money, but....You can do the same thing with any razor or box cutter. On the TOP, not the bottom, make the same cuts you see in the picture, pressing lightly, You only need to permanently scratch through the top layer to disrupt the reflective ability of the metal layer. when your done, flip it over and if you can see your cuts, your done. If not, do it again over the same lines you already created. Cost of a single box cutter and blade: $.99. =)
Works OK after some practice. OK for what you get but nothing special.
The Staple-Less Stapler. Pack of Three (Blue,Red,Green) - Sold by InkCityStoreThe staplers are OK for stapling two sheets of plain paper.It is not as strong as a regular stapler.  It defineltly is a lightweight bond.They need to make a heavy duty one for multiple sheets.
This is fine for grams, ounces, but do not buy for gems or diamonds as it does not measure carrots.
this cloth is so tiny i couldn't believe my eyes. It's definitely not worth $13.41. I was totally shocked when i saw it. Yes it did clean my dvd but way over priced.
I was very excited to purchase a hands-on numeric toy but it's rather boring. it's conceptual but below my expectations.
It's a nice desk. Easy to build and seems sturdy enough.My only problem is that that hanging shelf for your computer. It doesn't fit a Mac Pro tower. It's not long enough. Also, I'm not sure why they designed it this way but it hangs loosely as oppose to being nailed or screwed in which could sway back and forth. Not sure why that was a feature or made that way.Also the glass has a warning that it can only hold 50lbs. I know that's enough for some people but you never know and would not want this to shatter if you ever put more than 50lbs on it. That's about the size of a filled luggage for the airport. So it's a good amount it can carry.Currently I have 2 monitors on it (19 and 22 I think) so it fits pretty nicely which I also was concerned about.Other than that. It's a beautiful computer desk. I think the image doesn't do it enough justice
This paper is usable with a bit of practice. The pad is bleedproof and has no issues with feathering as it is thin and non-absorbent; the pigment basically sits on top of the paper. This, however, can be frustrating because it's difficult to render/blend more than two layers of color in any one area without the marker picking up previously laid color-not pretty.Overall, it's an ok paper. I'll use it until I run out, but I am looking into other papers to use with my Copics.
I got this planner because I just got a PDA but wanted to keep using paper for other important stuff and taking notes.  The planner works as it should, but it's not perfect for me.  The PDA is held in by a clip that clutches the PDA on either side, but my PDA has an battery expansion pack on it that makes it difficult to fit into the clip.  The planner is also very thin with very small rings on the binder, so you can't put in a lot of pages, and with my PDA's expansion pack, the planner almost doesn't close.This planner would work better for someone with a regular thin PDA and not much paper.
I take a lot of notes by hand.  I use this template often to create flow charts in my notes before moving them into Visio. This template fits that need perfectly.  The flexible plastic means it will last a lot longer than the older types that tend to crack and break  The ruled edges (metric and American standard) increase it's usefulness.Unfortunately since they are antiquated they are so hard to find in brick and mortar stores. I had no choice but to shop online.  The downside to this is a shipping cost that is nearly as much as the product itself (thus the low rating).
It works, there's not a lot we can say, for the price it does the job &#34;ok&#34;. It tends to bend since it's really thin. This template can easily break if not handled properly.
It is okay.  Not too much to say if you know anything about a template,  It has the openings, stencil for the shapes needed for low chart creation
The only complaint I have about this hole punch is that the depth guide/guard tends to slip.  It's easy enough to set the guard for the depth of the badges you wish to punch, however when you insert a badge into the punch, it pushes the guide back so you lose your pre-set depth.  You have to basically hold the guard in place while you make the punch.  Quite frustrating when you are attempting to punch numerous badges.
My son, who is 2 1/2, LOVES all things Bob the Builder and he loves playing with his dad's wallet.  I ordered the Bob the Builder wallet thinking this would be the ideal gift.  No such luck.  He was interested in it for a nanosecond and then moved on.  Part of that could be because he is a toddler and honestly, I think what draws him to daddy's wallet is because its DADDY'S WALLET!  However, the prodct itself is great, well made.
The lecturn looks good, and is quite sturdy which makes it easy to roll around.  The sound is clear and it's great that you have the possibility to ad a wireless mic as well.  On the downside, it is prone to feedback if someone touches the volume knob just a little bit after it is set up, and even with the "anti-shake" mic grip, if the speaker hits the stand while talking, you can hear a huge "thump".  Great product but would improve a few things
It is nice but very small.  I thought it would be much larger. I think the price should be less.  It would be nice to have writing paper and a couple envelopes.
Good inexpensive cell phone service for those who don't use a lot of minutes. Get a phone that comes with double minutes for the life of the phone and use promo codes when adding minutes. Search the web for sites that publish the promo codes. Example: buy a 60 minute card (doubled = 120) for $20 and use a promo code to get an additional 60 minutes giving a total of 180 minutes (3 hours) of airtime and 3 months of service for $20.Their customer service people use interactive scripts to respond to problems. The reps don't actually know how to solve problems. If you call about something that fits into their script you're ok. If not, you will end up going around in circles repeating the same script over and over without solving the problem.
The Styli showed up on time, was compeditively priced, but doesn't appear to be the correct styli for the Ipaq.  It doesn't fit smoothly in the Iraq case.
I am a collector of pens and I like the two of these pens because of the price.  You can also just buy refills.  Shipped nicely and in a timely manner.
It works fine, but I needed to use my own bolt and nut for one of the corners because they shipped a bolt that didn't fit. Quality could be higher.
these do the job, were inexpensive & easy to get as I kept forgetting to stop at the office supply store
I ordered 4 of these for my file cabinet and 2 of them had stripped screws and I had to rig it so those 2 would work. Outside of that it was what I was needing.
The clip board is sturdy, holds the paper securely and looks very nice.  The pen writes well.  The only problem I have is that I can't find a replacement refill for the pen.
The French made ball point bic pens, clic or stic, have better ink.  Miss those models when they were made in USA.
The slick metal weaving makes items slide around and not stay in place.  It does have rubber feet on he legs to keep the unit in place, but it is difficult to place items on the orgaqnizer where they will stay in place and not slide off.It ikind of more a pain than a help in my opinion.
The drawers are very shallow but it's ok for organizing small stuff.  It's not exactly what I was looking for but I'll keep it anyway.
Could be sturdier for the price.  Purchased two to help organize my son's Lego's.  May look for a better solution, and possibly try finding a better purpose for these.  Flimsy.  *We do have a smaller one for his little pieced that's great.
2014 drawers DO NOT Slide out.  This is disappointing because that is the reason I bought them in the first place.  I am using them for scrape pieces of 12x12 paper and they are perfect (besides the fact that we can't pull them out).
It seems that Amazon listed the product I purchased incorrectly.  I had expected to receive 12 tablets but only 1 arrived in the package.  I contacted the vendor and they fixed the issue right away in a pleasing manor.I will buy from them again if the opportunity were every to arise.
Fan is working great. Shipping was very slow(took a month to get). Has really cut down on drying time for our dryer.
The costume is good quality, but a bit pricey for our standards. My son enjoys playing dress up in it though, so a worthwhile purchase.
I purchased this Tigger costume for my son who even chose the costume himself. He's only 2.5 years old, but he knew exactly what he wanted to be for Halloween. Unfortunately, when the costume arrived, he didn't want to try it on. It's been hanging in the closet ever since. I am hoping to get him to wear the costume on Halloween so he can go trick-or-treating.As far as the quality of the costume, I was expecting the fur to be much softer than it really appears. It's not the same texture as I was hoping. It almost feels like someone threw the costume in the wash and the fur became crinkled and warped.Needless to say, I definitely splurged more than I had intended for a Halloween costume, but I hope that it won't just be sitting in the closet like it is right now the rest of the year. It would be nice if my son considers wearing it for fun throughout the year such as during pretend games, dress-up, etc.  We'll see.
I have a used one for sale here:APC PNOTEAC150 150 Watt DC/AC InverterHad it since 2007. still works.
I order wrong swab, I needed the softer one. I have stage 4neck cancer. I need the swab to clear the mucus from my mouthdue to sores form chemo, But I can use then a a tooth brushsince I still have my upper teeth.
I open boxes. Lots and lots of boxes. I spend large portions of my day opening boxes as the nature of my work requires me to open large quantities of boxes. You might even call me a connoisseur of products whose sole purpose in life is the opening of boxes. Many products have tried, many have failed, few have succeeded. On countless occasions, this product has been my sole option to utilize for my job. Having used it to open boxes a myriad of times, I can say this product is OK for light usage. It adequately cuts through tape just enough to create an opening. However, for serious boxcutting, I would recommend a much stronger product. I work 10 hour shifts in a warehouse and have spent entire nights opening boxes. When things pick up I've had to replace this product as much as five times in a single night. On a positive note, this product is extremely safe; the only way you could possibly hurt yourself is if you have an IQ of about 2, or attempting to throw them several feet. Also, I find that the colour (Yellow) seems to help brighten up my day. To conclude, this product is OK if you're a casual boxcutter. But for those more serious about the opening of their boxes, I would recommend a stronger product. I hope this review was helpful, and would like to wish you all happy box opening!
The 2 pieces of tape are NOT lined up very good. It's ok if you're doing a smaller project and you can trim a quarter inch off of each side
Just be careful because it's a heavy box! I bought it as a gift and had to travel by plane with it.
the product is as expected.  we use them in our travel kit and at home.  however the expiration date on the box was only 60 days from purchase, so we will never use them all up before the expire.  i would buy this product again if i can confirm the expiration date and not waste 100 of them.
My disappointment in this product is the expiration date.  If you do not use several of these mini moo's per day, you will never use the entire box by the time the product expires.  I had to throw away half the box.
I purchased this product from this specific supplier thinking that based upon the product description "Mini Moo's Half and Half, .5 oz, 192/Carton"  they were the larger creamer containers, hence better value.  Turns out they are the standard 9/32 fluid oz containers and not a larger .5 oz container, so while the product is fine the description is wrong and misleading.
In the last few months I have bought 7 different headsets trying to find a good one. I am sad to announce that the search goes on. This came with all kinds of stuff including an attachment to turn a non blue tooth phone into a compatable one! I did not try that feature. Stay tuned! This baby is going back!
Bottom line: a bargain and well made.This coffee maker (which is not actually made by melitta, presumably made by Salton) is extremely well designed and manufactured.  Every part of it works smoothly. Since it's squat shaped and  quite stable  it needs no rubber feet and thus it slides on the counter top easily to move it in and out of a corner nook beneath cabinets.  All it's parts diassemble for easy cleaning and click back together firmly. Little details of the design are clever, such as flaps that hold themselves open letting you add coffee one handed.  No flimsy parts or fiddly levers.  It has never clogged on me (a problem with many other brands).  It's clock has a traditional analog face, raised for visibility and  It's easy to set.  it turns itself off after brewing.  It's brew strength adjustment actually works.  You can easily see how much water is in the clear plastic resevoir.  the coffee is hot and tasty.However there is one trade-off you need to be aware of.  Namely the thermal carafe while claiming to be stainless steel, is only stainless on the outside and is plastic on the inside.  While that choice might be said to be desirable if you drink a pot quickly, because it makes the first cup slightly hotter (not having to pre-heat a metal interior), it does not stay hot longer than 1 hour.  It's still palatably warm and aromatic after 2 hours, but beyond that requires you to decant and microwave to heat it back up.So if you drink your coffee slowly you may prefer another brand with an all metal carafe.  For me there's no perfect solution, either you brew hotter to offset the stainless steel or you settle for less of a hold time with plastic.  All thermal Carafe systems have this inherent trade off. So it depends on what you prefer.So overall it seems to function much better than many more expensive makers.  But they went cheap on the carafe.  If you usually are done within the hour with your coffee then buy this without regret and enjoy hotter coffee. Otherwise be prepared to reheat.
I recently tried out the Cross Blue Jumbo Ballpoint refill (medium point), and while it isn't terrible or anything, it is not as good as I expected it to be.  The ink tends to skip and is also completely different from other Cross ballpoint inks (all the others put down a very deep, dark blue line, while this one puts down a very light blue line).  The refill does write very smoothly, but it's just not the quality I expect from Cross.  I did notice that this refill says "Made in Germany" on it, while most Cross products are produced in China now, so maybe that is the reason for the lack of consistency of this product in relation to the rest of their products.
This mask is very hot. Your face will sweat! If you have to see where you are going, you are in for a real challenge! I had to cut larger openings around the eyes and, even still, very difficult to see! And forget looking down! My dog gets dressed as Max and I couldn't see her at all! I wore a baseball cap backwards under the mask and that helped to keep it from shifting. Kids and adults really enjoyed it (watching the Grinch, that is), but the Grinch was miserable!
Very good, quick delivery, easy to install.  I had to make an adapter for my TV, but other than that, great.
The slate works very well with regular white chalk, it shows up nice and bright and is easy to clean. The hinge on the clapper is strong and swings easily. The clapper is also sharply-painted for focusing.My only complaint is that the actual clapper comes off the slate easily if it's being used a lot; looks like it was glued lightly and not well-attached. I simply sanded and glued it back in with something stronger and it stuck.Not the best slate in the world but it gets the job done for a realistic price.
i probably could have saved money and just bought a cheaper one. My daughter does however love it.  thank you
Nice size, nice color, brand new. The wood its made out of is very thin. I was expecting the thickness of the board itself to be just as thick as the clapper. The clapper is a good thick piece of wood.
The newer version of this backpack will not fit some 15" notebooks, even though the attached tag says 15" and 15.4" are OK.  My Dell 1501 will fit in the larger compartment, but not in the pocket designed for a computer. Quality and design are excellent.  My 2003 Sahara lasted 5 years of rough use. Wenger has discontinued this line.
It looks really classy and elegant in the photo but it is not crafted very well. Think asian gift shop quality. The leatherette exterior had dents in it and the interior piece was roughly cut. Brass highlights are nice and it comes in a black cardboard box. At this price, I didnt expect too much anyway.
The ring box was just like a typical ring box. I didn't like the way it shut though. The spring showed wear and cheapness.
The quality of the piece was adequate however i found the diameter of the stamp to be a little small and the shallowness of the letter didn't give me the best imprint in wax.
I was a little disappointed when this item's shipping was overpriced.  the shipping cost SEVEN TIMES the amount of the purchase, making what started as a pretty good deal, not a deal at all.  Very sneaky and I won't order from you again.
Got this for my nephew - he was interested in it - and he and his sister liked it well enough - but there's not too much to it.  Not a toy, pre-se, or a game.  More like a distraction.
This envelope size is excellent for forwarding (by mail) a standard size letter, along with a cover letter.  Five stars for the product quality, but zero stars for the price charged.  Excessively expensive.
On Amazon Prime these envelopes were &#34;reduced&#34; from $12.99 to $8.44. Wow! What a bargain. Why that's less than a dollar an envelope. Ridiculous price! My local Staples had a much, much better price per envelope, but you had to buy 50 of them. Since I just need them for very occasional use, this 9-pack is more appropriate for me. Their slightly larger size does serve a purpose for me.
The quality and size of the poster are decent for a classroom.  The prayer however is either translated incorrectly or uses Spanish expression that is not widely used, if at all.  Pan cotidiano is given for Daily bread and deudas for offenses.  It is a nice looking poster but when students learn the the most widely used prayer, this does not help as a reference point, it can however expose them to differences in the prayer
The toothpicks aren't terribly regular, and some are little more than splinters, but this is a proper brick, and it goes a long way. We had four teams constructing glue bridges from one pack, and didn't come close to running out.
I wanted flat toothpicks (which used to be standard), but no stores carried them in my region, so I had to order these.  The price was fine, but the S&H made these kinda pricey.  Clearly, these toothpicks are CRAFT toothpicks, used for craft products, and a large percentage of these don't hold up as actual TOOTHpicks.  But there are plenty of 'em, so they'll last me a while.
Well, the toners came quick.  It is compatible with the HP.  I think it didn't last as long as the original toners but not that bad, but the price was a lot cheaper than the originals.  Well, I guess it ok for the price.  Unlike some other toners I got from other suppliers, these ones make less mess.
I've had some problems with the toner leaking and creating undesirable lines on my pages.  I returned the first set and the second set did it also, in another color.
My Fault - I didn't meaure it before it arrived.  I expected larger from the picture. Quality was fine. Color was correct.
Very basic...if you have never taken a statistics course this may be a good starting point.
The colors may look a little more realistic on Ilford's Pearl finish photos, but there is a large loss with quality.  The loss of quality is evident with my Epson hd photo printer.  I was told that the photo paper that Epson makes for their printers is the best to use but I thought I would try something else. I should have stuck with the Epson paper.Edit: It is still good photo paper, but it is not fantastic.  I would normally want to use only fantastic photo paper because the ink costs $80 to replace, but I plan on using it anyway because it is not worth the charge for retuning this item.
Good weight of the paper, beautiful basketweave pattern, BUT... there is no "VOID" OR "UNAUTHORIZED COPY" message if you run it through a copier.
The envelopes are of nice paper and very white. The delivery was great and quicker than predicted. The only problem was that the adhesive on the envelope wasn't that good. On some of the envelopes we even had to use tape.
I did not care for the way photos look on this paper they are dull and washed out I will stick with regular photo paper from now on.
I rated this item as 3 star because it is an excellent quality Bosca product but is not the item pictured on the page on Amazon.  This Bosca note minder for three by five cards DOES NOT have the pen holder as displayed in the photo.  Since this pen slot can hold a very large pen it is the main reason that I prefer it to the products offered by others like Levenger etc.  If the pen holder is important to you do not buy this item.
In my opinion I think it's a little overpriced for the amount you get.  I also didn't have a good idea about how much a 34 gal was.  The package arrived in a rectangular cardboard box but I thought it would be arriving in a bag like it shows in the picture.  It would have been better if the product photo featured a person standing next to the item to give buyers a better idea of what they're purchasing.  I'm about 5'9" and the box height was just a little above my knee.  I guess the picture is a little deceiving so don't be fooled.  Aside from that, the peanuts were in good shape and not crushed or damaged.  Overall I'm giving 3 stars because the package arrived within the time frame I expected and the product was satisfactory.
This is truly a very MINI pen/pencil set.  It does fit nice in a pocket or purse or checkbook .... It works well too.  I don't think the price is right.  It's not worth $18.99 .... maybe $10.00 .... I needed something very small ... and I got it.
I ordered these to be able to fit in the tiny loops of an Hermes mini agenda, and they actually do fit perfectly.  They are a tad long, but the diameter is perfect.  The pen is slightly annoying in how easily it clicks open.  A twist mechanism for a tiny purse pen would be better to avoid accidental pen marks.  But the most annoying thing was trying to remove the tape with the bar code, etc. that encased the barrels of both the pen and pencil!  It took me forever, and I ended up scratching one when I resorted to using and exacto knife.  It is a ridiculous way to encase them.
I Got them for less han $10 dollars in office depot, I was just looking for anything and saw them and I was very excited to buy them because I just like to get pens and stuff like that. I think that the seller should lower the price because I seriously paid $7.5 for them
I did not like this binder. I was hoping for a more adult style. I am a real estate agent and wanted to use it as my day calendar and it just didn't work out.
My daughter has only been using this for a few weeks and the binder rings are not staying closed. She likes it but is getting frustrated.
Its a nice binder but not worth the money you can find a binder with the same or better quality at walmart for at less. I do like the feature of the strap but the mesh inside the binder I got was torn in a few spots, its not a big deal but it doesn't look pretty.
I bought this for my 11 year old son, although he is very hard on it, it didn't hold up as well as expected. The front zipper broke off after only 2 weeks. Also, there is only 1 pocket on the inside and it doesn't zip to hold pencils, pens, scissors, ect. Other than that it is okay!
Product isnt bad. The binder works for what I need it for, but wish it had stronger stitching. Stray strings poke out here and there, but doesn't impair function, just looks funky.
I got this binder for my 6th grade daughter because I wasn't able to find one in any store with a shoulder strap. It's an ok, binder but has a few less pockets and things on the inside than the last Case It binder I purchased.  Also, after only 2 days, one of the inside pockets began to tear.  It's ok for now, but I think they could have made it more durable.
no problem with the provider, shipped within proposed time frame. product unfortunatly is not made to last, zippers are not well inserted, had to fix it before even used. this is the second binder from this brand i had to purchase; first one, fabric ripped along entire zipper. unfortunately there are not many alternative brands available.
When I opened the box and took it out there were two small snags on the back of the binder and also a wet spot about the size of a quarter on the back. I thought that maybe it would dry and fade but 12 hours later its still there, kinda left a print like something oily would.  I was very disappointed that it was in this kind of condition. I never had this problem before buying off of Amazon but this is certaintly a disappointment.
I bought this based on another person's review that it was excellent.  However, within 24 hours one of the inner metal page rings came off.  My son has had it now only about 3 weeks, and two of the inner page rings have come off and one of the pockets have ripped.  It's not as sturdy as I had hoped for $20.
Ten pens for $1.76.  Ten GEL pens for $1.76!  It seemed a TREMENDOUS bargain -- at $1.76 for 10, how could I lose?Well, OK...I didn't lose much.  But I did lose...in money AND in quality.I've written with gel pens before.....a delightful experience, wherein the ink fairly g_l_i_d_e_s over the paper.  S_o_o_o_o smoothe!  Almost no pressure at all is needed, (half as much pressure again as a rollerball!)  And I NEEDED a smooth-writing pen, because I had recently bought some notebooks, the quality of the paper of which, had gone down immensely, and writing with regular ball-point for more than a page at a time, (which is what I wanted to do), could get down-right tiring!)  But Gel Pens tend to be MUCH more expensive than other pens, and don't last as long, either.  So -- looking at "Gel Pens that write 50% farther than other gel pens" -- and at this price....seemed just what I wanted...and an unbelievable bargain, as well!Unbelievable?  Yes.  A bargain?  No.  The quality of EACH of the 10 pens in the pack varies -- greatly!  These pens DO write...but they do NOT glide, like other gel pens I have used.  At best, some are slightly, (and I do mean VERY slightly), easier to use than a ball-pen. Some are scratchy, and an ordinary ball-point pen, (such as a Bic Cristal!), even writes smoother!  At worst, some of the pens in the ten-pack that I bought write SO badly that, that no matter how much pressure you use, only half-the letter comes out!THE REASON FOR THIS IS THAT THE P O I N T OF THESE PENS, (that is, the TIP -- no pun intneded), IS VERY, VERY F R A G I L E.  It cannot take too much pressure, nor can it write on damp paper, etc., very well.  The point is easily destroyed.  If one takes care with writing with this pen, (and if the individual pen has been carefully "proofed"by the manufacturers -- not always the case, I sadly suspect), this pen can write a beautiful, darkish blue line -- pleasing to the eye and making a line thicker, and more easily seen than that made by most ball points.  The written words and numbers written by this pen are easy-on-the eye for those with 20/20 vision, and slight-to-moderate visual problems, alike....  Still, being extra-careful not to put too much pressure on the pen as you write is something that takes getting used to....I'm glad these pens cost only $1.76 for 10.  This means I didn't waste TOO much money on them.  They're good only if you have no other pens available.  And, as there ARE ten pens in the package, if one doesn't work, you can always try another.If yuu get a quality product for a lower price, that item is "inexpensive".  If you get a dismally-low product for any price, that item is "cheap".  These pens are amongst the cheapest quality I have ever bought of anything.  Glad they didn't cost too much...but, if there are ANY other pens available when next I wish to purchase pens, I certainly will not choose these!P.S.: Hmmmm.... You MIGHT want to give these pens, (under appropriate circumstances, of course), to someone you intensely dislike!  When and if they complain, you can always say, "these are the FIRST gel pens I've ever heard of that did not write smoothly."  If your pen-experiences have been like mine, you'd be telling the absolute truth!x : )  &lt;--...."Sweet", "Innocent" Prankster, Who Wouldn't Hurt A Fly", Smilie!
If you want a lot of markers for a good price, these are perfect.  If you expect your markers to last more than one or two uses than I would buy something else.  They were perfect for what I needed but some were drying out after one use.
You get what you pay for. They are okay. I did not use them for dissecting or used them as teasing needles. They did what they had to do, but over time the needles fell out of the handle and I had to constantly keep replacing with new ones.
I only bought this because I had a $25 gift cert.  A bit pricey for the items, could have gotten them cheaper.  But I only paid 5 something out of pocket, so it wasn't bad.  It had most things that my son needed for school.
The picture is accurate and it works as you would expect. But it is dim, hardly visible in a sunlite room. Cannot be seen in direct sunlight at all.  Works best is a very dark room.  Has on on/off switch on the base which is very nice but it is a little small and hard to use.  Really sucks USB power so if you have lots powered gadgets on the same hub, adding the toy might take you over edge.Might want to try the glitter USB lamp instead.  Much brighter and not such a USB power hog.
This is an ok eraser - it's made kind of cheaply but does the job.
This Quartet Felt Chalkboard Eraser is reasonably well made and is acceptable for light home or small office use. I would not recommended these for classroom or daily meeting rooms.CFH
This is an okay beam but I was disappointed and felt mislead when I searched for pens and this came up.  I thought there was a pen attached and there is not. The lighted beam is a powerful blue beam.  If that's what you want then it is great.
Well, after I used the board for one week, it started to warp. So it's is still usable, but its not a completely flat surface to write on. There is one  big warp in the middle of the board. Disappointing.
Works well for hands free use most places but gets a lot of interference when used inside my SUV.
I bought the LAMY fountain pen for everyday use after reading the 5 out of 5 reviews, I was disappointed. The writing was a bit scratchy and once in every 2 lines the pen would miss the writing. This was irritating as you had to back track and rewrite the word. I imagine the flow of ink from the cartridge into the nib isn't very smooth.  I think I am going to have to buy another pen, this time I am going to stick with the Sheffers or Cross  thank you very much.
This is a great system for those just starting out that want to conduct simple interviews with a lot of fluidity and control. I only wish the wireless reciver was made of more sturdy material.  The batter kept falling out.  For the price I would recommend.
All I wanted was a small format notepad with some limited storage. This has it. The only draw-back is that it seems the standard small refill pad in office supply stores is a different size. It fits, but not quite as well.
Couldn't find anything for the price out there. It will work great in my messenger bag! I would recommend and also buy again.
This little thing isn't bad, but it's not really good either.  I carry my checkbook to the barn in this thing when I've got to pay the Ferrier, and it works well for that.  I wouldn't carry it into an executive meeting.  It will not hold a standard business size envelope.
It is a good idea, however it was not that easy to install and parts were missing when we tried to put it up.  never received the missing piece after several attempts so we had to rig it up to work.
This item is advertised as being an earbud case, but it's not well suited to it.  The case it too flimsy and if you wind the cord around the center hub, the cord gets tight coils in it which are difficult to straight out.I bought a JLab JBuds case, which is thicker but better suited.  This item will be relegated to its intended purpose: managing excess cord.  I plan to use it in my car to corral the cords from my iPhone to the line input on the car stereo.
not as compact as I would like and it does not close all the way my kids have not used them yet.  probably never will
It is not as big as I would have expected. It needs more pages. It doesn't seem like there is much room to write in it.
This is a great refill/insert for the MTN, however, I think you can find similar or even better refills for less money. So I recommend you shop around a bit before spending the money on this.
It's nice but I like my lines to be spaced out a little more so I will make my own going forward. The paper is good quality though.
I actually thought this notepad was going to say "She was helpless without her nifty notepad." but it actually said "She was comforted by the fact that they were helpless without her".
Pro : Feature rich. When it works correctly, works stunngly perfect, even shows the lane you are in.Con : Software errors, crashes, wrong routes for 15% of the time. poor support.
Product claims to remove stubborn stains - several applications and it didn't remove those stains from a cleaning solutions - i guess nothing works for these stains!!
The vendor recommended this product and for a deep clean of my countertops its great. It does leave a bit of a greasy film and it's not what I'd use for small cleanups. This is a product that once a quarter I'd give my counters a good deep clean with.
Well, I bought this, as I read it mentioned somewhere as being 'THE" only stainless steel cleaner that works. Sure it works, and it works just as well, or not as well, as any of the other multitude of stainless steel cleaners you can buy here or anywhere. I have several reviews of cleaners on this site.Sheila Shine is way messier than many other cleaners, too.  You must apply a very small amount since it DOES leave a residue on the appliance, leaving the appliance sort of slippery--it leaves it WET is what I am trying to say, so you need to wait until it dries. It does an adequate job when it finally dries.As my title says:  it is very average.  It is in a can that is always leaking and was rather difficult to open at first.  I just do not agree with the glowing reports and reviews here.  My experience with it is different.  I find it just the same---no better, and no worse.  I doubt if I would buy it again.
This stuff gets the s.s. appliances looking great but it fills the house with an awful, toxic smell.... can't be good for you, but it does the job.
I bought this can because of the size, expecting Rubbermaid quality plastic (soft/supple) but this can is hard plastic and a bit thin.  I searched the internet over and over to find the dimensions of this can, and even calling the vendor they didn't have the info.  Finally, i received the item and got the specs, from the label.  It is 15.4x15.4x29.1 (29.1" high with the lid on, and 22" without the lid.  Diameter is 15.4" with the lid, or 15.0" without the lid.  Not bad for the price, but true quality is probably the Rubbermaid Untouchable series.  You get what you pay for.
I don't know what the deal is.  But the shape is weird.  The bottom is bunched together in a way that other bags are not.  And it is just a tad short to ensure that it does not slip down in my 13 gallon trashcan.
It is about the most advanced technological device he has in his house.  He seems happy with it but I noticed the slider sometimes jams and doesn't show the selected letter.
The basic quality seems to be less than a decade ago.  The selector slider does not work smoothly, and has to be juggled to get it to work.  No fix seems readily apparent.
Been using these same checks with Quicken for many years.  They are easy to print with your bank info so that you can print your checks in Quicken.I really don't understand the limitation on the number of checks you can print with the software, since you have to use their checks and that is what you are paying for.  So, why have to pay twice.
Nothing special about this.  Don't even know what will need them for.  ..  But they are in the drawer if we do.
this is pretty great for the crafts I use it for, but I do wish it had more Y's or that they sold smaller packs of JUST  individual letters/vowels.
The item pictured is not what I received. Same product ID number but a different looking and larger in size adhesive pocket.  Customer service was helpful with the return. It would be helpful if they would update their picture catalog.
One benefit of free speech is that it encourages critical thinking.This book will present some new ideas that are intriguing,  and a lot of nonsense,  and I guess this is what the Anti-Aging Revolution is all about.When you first open the book, look at the photos, and read about the author you will see an osteopath that has learned to walk on his hands after taking steroids.The book is a little more impressive after that.
I have owned this mask for several years. While other latex masks have rotted from being stored in closets that got too hot, this mask has not been affected. I store this mask on a styrofoam head (wig stand) as all masks should be stored. The hair readily sheds quite a bit and the mouth does NOT move on this mask. The mask fits VERY well considering that it is rather stiff and non-flexible. It fits onto your face and stays there while you wear it. It is thick latex but it is comfortable. It is very well made, but not Hollywood quality. The paint job is good and the mask is scary to children. This white mask can make a great Abominable Snowman costume. An identical mask with black hair is also on the market. I'd recommend this for someone looking for a very basic, scary ape mask. When buying Halloween masks, you should plan to keep them for as long as possible. Each year different masks are on the market and older models leave the market. When I first bought this ape mask, I think I paid about $10-$12 for it new. The price of some masks go up over time because they get harder to find.
it was a nice pen to spin.. just had some factory defects in one of the caps.. good pen for a beginner or someone that wants to spend the money for a custom cheap pen ..
I got my pen but its not what i had expected. It's gray with lil white. Anyway the weight and the length are good with me.3 stars
From my experience from the five pens i have bought is that is a great pens for learning and practicing, and it would be the perfect pen for spinning but it has a major problem, the cap will break for droppings, causing that the cap will fly off while spinning, even though  that problem i have bought 5 pens sequentially when they were cheap, but not any more
This one is not as good as I though but if you were a beginner in pen spinning and wanted a spinning pen with low price , you'll be satisfied with it.
Cable Turtles are good, solid items that organize, store and protect cables.  You can also use them to adjust the length of cables, by winding up and storing the excess. They're made of heavy rubber, so they won't fit well in your pocket, but work very well in cable kits, like a DJ's traveling bag.Cable Turtles come in different sizes, so be sure to check the length AND thickness of the cable you want to store before buying them.
It seems to work ok, but it stinks and I think its not good to breath in, it really lingers so you should be prepared to leave the house for the night or something... I wouldn't use it if your pregnant or have little kids around.
This is a well made item and would be exactly what I wanted if they would have sent me the right size. The label said 23 x 31, but it measures much larger. If I would have wanted a larger size I would have ordered it. I have questions of the mismarking of their items. Since it came through amazon I was really surprised with this. I have always been well pleased with things that came through amazon.
I purchased this to hold multiple sets of easel pads used in presentations and meetings. The size works great! Only issue is that because the construction is so flimsy, the bag is unwieldy no matter how you carry it. Inserting large pieces of cardboard helps to keep this bag and its contents upright.
I bought this invitation kit because I needed to do a few more wedding invitations and because the invitations in this kit seemed to be (in the photo, at least) very similar to the ones I had already done.  The price was more affordable than some of the other Wilton invitation kits.  The fancy "envelope" and ribbon which you put around the actual invitation were pretty.  But the actual paper for the envelopes was rather thin for wedding envelopes, and the invitation paper lacked any kind of pretty design or border around the edges that made the other Wilton invitations extra attractive (other than the wedding rings at the top).  When you take the fancy envelope with the ribbon off, the actual invitation lacks much artistic appeal as compared some of the other Wilton invitations.
seems ultra sensitive like a light breeze would effect the calibration. if i had it to do over again i would get something larger and more resilient.
When the boards arrived they were bent and unusable!The only packaging was a plastic bag. There was nothing to keep the boards from being bent nor was there anything printed on the package to indicate it should not be bent.Returned them for a replacement. Hoping it arrives in usable condition.
I, as many other buyers of this product, received the board damaged. The frame was dented in on both sides. I contacted Amazon and was offered a 20% discount which I accepted only because of the fact that I needed the board immediately. My husband was able to straighten the board out for the most part, so I am satisfied with the outcome.
This is not like most &#34;whiteboards&#34; you usually see.  Instead it is a clear coating over some kind of white background (paper or cardboard).  It still works fine with dry erase markers and from a distance you really can't tell the difference, but up close you can and it looks a little strange.  Worse though, the clear coating (plastic?) cracks fairly easily and then the dry erase marker gets into the cracks and it is hard to wipe off.  Over time, I am guessing this will become a problem, so I am going to do my best not to let it crack any more.  Unfortunately, when I received it, it already had several small cracks in it - likely due to the shipping process as the cardboard box it shipped in had a few dents and cuts in it. I would probably have returned it, but the 2-day shipping (I have Prime) somehow ended up taking 4 days and I needed to use it the day that it arrived so I didn't have time to get it replaced.Bottom line, as long as it does not get damaged in shipping and you can keep it from cracking, it is a good dry erase board for the money (especially at this size, 4'x3', which cost around the same as most 3'x2' boards), but don't expect it to look like the standard &#34;whiteboard&#34;.
The dry eraser board was recieved with the box ripped on the edges in a couple of places. Upon opening the package we found a some damage.
Recieved dry erase board 48 x 36 in good condition.  The only downside to receiving this product there were no instructions included and no screws or brackets to hang the borad up with.  Had go out and purchase screws and brackets to hang the board up with. Please update product details to state no work instructions, screws or brackets are included with dry earse board.
My husband is a programmer and jots down a lot of ideas, equations, and lines of code. A lot of what he writes is temporary, and he fills up a lot of notebooks only to throw them away later. He loves whiteboards so we got this for his office. It really is a good size for him and does its job.The only reason I'm not rating this product higher is because the packaging was inadequate, and it arrived with a subtle bend and one small (about 1 inch) crack in the surface. It wasn't terribly noticeable so we didn't return it, but after a few uses and brushing the dry eraser across it, they are more noticeable now. Not a big deal, but somewhat irritating, and something the company should really look into to improve their shipping methods.
Unlike others who have received a broken white board, I am lucky enough to get it all in one piece.  I have to say though that are a few dings on the board.  But since it doesn't deter from my use, I decide I won't return it.  The problem is that the tray and the screws that allow you to hand the white board on the wall are missing.  After talking to an Amazon representative about the issue, they are willing to give me a $15 discount.  So all is peachy.  Now I only have to go to Home Depot to get the parts to hang up the board.
This product arrived damaged. You can see a dent on the box it was ship in so I know it happened during transit. Looking at how it is package I can see that there is no protection at all from the side. So if anything is placed/dropped on top of it during transit it will be damaged. True the whiteboard is light and thin but once up on the wall it should work fine. You have to compare this price with the price of other board and decide if a better quality board is worth paying more money for. The whiteboard material is very thin and can be damaged easily by something heavy or sharp. During normal use it should work properly. Just getting it to your house undamaged is the hard part.
Make sure you never buy anything sold by ReStockIt. They are very hard to deal with and could not possibly care less about their customers. I buy a lot from Amazon because I feel I can trust their third party vendors. A few more bad experiences like this and I will have to reevaluate that.
Okay, so I thought, all the other reviews said it would arrive damaged but Amazon is usually really good at fixing problems. Well, my board came and I inspected the outside for any damage - NONE -  opened it and checked around all the edges. Who would have thought that because I didn't take it all the way out that it would have a puncture in the middle of the board. I truly believe that they shipped it to me like that. I would have returned it but I needed it for my classroom - yes, our school district doesn't have any more money to provide more white boards. So I am patching the hole with some dry erase vinyl and will hope for the best. Buyer beware, if you don't need to get it cheap then go with another board.
Not 1 star because it's as advertised. Not 5 stars because it came broken in 2 places. I should have read the reviews....
The mask was okay for the price.  There is a problem with it being hard to breath in.
The instructions are pretty poor. Not too hard to work out, but would it really be so bad to include some decent instructions.This kit solved my problem by allowing me to raise my office chair. One criticism I have is that the ring where the feet are supposed to rest moves down with use. I am fairly tall so I let it rest at the base, but for shorter people it would get really annoying as essentially you would have to keep adjusting the ring, or have your feet dangle in the air.Bottom line if you are on the taller side it won't be an issue for you, but for shorter people it would definitely get annoying.
The online description says there are 528 stickers in a package.  The one that arrived says there are 378 stickers in the package.  If we had known, we would have ordered two packages. But now it is too late for our event. Otherwise the stickers look very nice.
Paper seems nice enough otherwise, but it's hole-punched! No indication I can see on the detail page or the packaging itself. Maybe what I received is an aberration, but beware.-- Debra Hamel
The binders were shipped on time and I didn't have any problems with the order itself. The binders are definitely cheaply made though. Half of the metal binding part is off and doesn't hold the papers well. I also didn't like the fact that they didn't have the sleeve on front to put paper. I would look elsewhere to buy more binders for school next time. These would probably work if they weren't used often... maybe...
Ordered this to complete a craft project for a Christmas gift.  I tried printing the design from two different HP printers I have in my house.  The printers feed the paper in a "U" shape, meaning it takes the paper from a horizontal position, feeds it through the unit and prints in a horizontal position.  Neither printer was able to handle this paper and would always jam during the feed process.  I changed every print setting I could think of, including paper type, quality, etc.I finally got access to a straight through feed printer, where the paper feeds through the device vertically, straight down.  The image came out great and everything printed well.  It was a little tricky to iron this to the fabric, but that was finally successful too.Overall, this is definitely a good product for a craft project.  I wasn't happy that it didn't work on either printer and the company didn't provide any remedies when asked, but it all worked out in the end.
Printing on HP laser jet printer was great.  The only problem is that the fabric is very stiff.  I sewed the label onto an afghan for my grandson, & it would be nicer if the fabric was softer & more flexible.
I should have read the description more carefully. I thought I was buying Printable Cotton. It's not just printable cotton - it's got a heavy layer of fusing material on the back side to iron it on to a project. It ways you can sew through it but I tried and it was too gummy for my liking. I was in a pinch to make a quilt label and had to use it. It did print very nicely. I ironed it on to another piece of fabric and then sewed it to my quilt. All in all it's a nice product and I should have been more careful when ordering.
This worked out well to a point, but the packaging did not offer any basic directions to follow.  I went online to look it up and there was really nothing there either.  I've printed a photo onto the sheet, cut it out but have not yet ironed onto another piece of fabric.  Wish there had been some examples to look at.
I ordered the ruler to address wedding invitations.  The laser beam line is a bit wobbly and bounces up and down a little bit across the envelope, but it works fairly well.  The negative part is that the batteries ran out after only about one hour of use.  New batteries are $4.99 each....and you need two of them!  I am also concerned about the laser beam and eye safety.  Other than some "danger" signs, there isn't a lot of information on this on the packaging.  Should I wear sunglasses?  Will it only injure my eyes if I stare into the beam?
I was looking for more various items to bind, not pages of books all showing bound chipboard mini-albums.
The cover is fine, looks nice. The zipper that encloses the bible is cheap and broke the first time I unzipped it, yet the side pocket has a heavy duty metal zipper. It works great though, has room for my tithe and car keys, and other things I might need to take along. I felt for the price it's a good value.
I received the product and it is actually a nice item, but it looks nothing like the picture or the description. I was expecting a black leather Bible cover and I got this item instead, Embassy Alligator Embossed Burgundy Genuine Leather Bible CoverThe description on the page clearly said black. I will have to find a different cover for my teenage nephew.
The book cover smells musty.  I have tried several ways in eliminating the odor.  Nothing works.  Too bad, it is a nice cover with pockets etc.  Just smells bad.  I gave them as gifts..............bummer
The leather is there, but it looks like plastic.  Would like to see a cover that actually measures the size of the Bible.  Could not find the offering within those suggested...
Same problem not enough pocket space and not as I thought it would be.  Need more space for what I want.
Description said it was black. Arrived and I opened. Item was brown crocodile. Not good for my husband. Had to send back.
The item arrived in a timely manner. However, the item doesn't look as real as i thought it would. The fabric is very cheap. Although the item fits large Bibles, it barely fit mine. I should have invested more money for a better quality.
It worked as an eraser but is not great quality.  For a prop it was fine but for long term use I would go with something else.
This works fine, but there are models available at Walmart which can use the same cans of air freshener for about 1 fifth the price. I don't believe this would last five times longer than the cheaper models. If this was made in USA, I could have justified some of the extra expense...not five times the price, but this is made in China. If I knew in advance, I would have purchased one or two cheap models from Walmart.
The picture looks better than the product.  It's actually a sightly decayed exoskeleton in glass.  shipping was very fast, kudos to the swiftness of the seller, though the packaging could have been better.  (official box arrived damaged)
Its very cute and very small, wouldn't have minded it is was a bit larger.  The size is good if you want something to wear and you want it to be discrete, but it is very small.
This eraser works ok on my chalkboard, but it is made with paper top and not very good quality, so I don't expect it to last very long. Would recommend paying a little more and getting better quality material
The product description was of a 6 inch by 2.5 inch dustless eraser. What I got was a 5 inch by 2 inch noiseless eraser from a different seller than on the product page. Looking at the pictured item it is hard to tell what it says. There were only 3 left at the time of my order. It was sent Prime and was here on time.I don't know if I should try it. From the mixed reviews, I would say this is not the item people love. It is for a child's room, I was really wanting dustless.Is this misfulfillment or deliberate misleading ads? I viewed some other seller's descriptions, and they described teby both dimensions in different places.I tried the eraser, it has minimal dusting. I agree that it looks like it will splay out and become less effrctve over time. I added a ribbon around the outside to try to delay this from happening.  We will see.
Don't know if it's my homemade chalkboard or the eraser but this isn't a clean sweep eraser.  My entire board has a streak of chalk dust on it and this eraser won't lift anymore.
Does not clean that well.  I have to push hard and go over the surface multiple times to get rid of chalk marks.  Would not buy it again.
This is an okay product for the price. There are better quality eraser's but for the money this is good product.
I'm not too happy with this eraser.  It doesn't erase very well.  I'm not sure if it's because it's new and has to get &#34;broken in&#34;.  I'll continue to use it and hopefully it will erase better.
This item is comfortable, stays in place on my laptop, but does take some getting used to because of the height of the padding.
I didn't read the small letters and i've bought this product, thinking in this : http://www.amazon.com/Intelligels%C2%AE-GENII-Laptop-Computer-Wrist/dp/B0027IBMQE/ref=pd_sim_op_1 what a fool!!!I thought that the pictures attached were with the product... So Next time READ THE SMALL LETTERS!!!!!Amazon,please REMOVE the pictures....
Wanted a variety I can use at work for co-workers birthdays.  These are OK, but nothing special.  These work, but I'll look for more variety next time.
I bought one of these at a local store who no longer carries them, and this looked exactly like it so gave it a try. This one doesn't hold as much, as my other one held at least 2 credit cards in each slot and this one can barely close with 1 card in each. It sometimes doesn't stay closed in my purse. The package arrived pretty quickly so no problem with the seller.
The wallet is nice, protects your cards...but it doesn't hold half of what I have! Just wish it had more pockets
I bought this pen to do some journaling in my son's baby book. I was looking for a pen archival quality to make sure it gets preserved for years to come. Let me tell you, this is NOT the pen for journaling. I am not into drafting, but I am guessing this pen would be great for that. It was good to draw the straight lines, but any time i went to write letters or do any squiggly lines it was writing terrible or not writing at all. I think I just ordered the wrong product for my purpose tho.
Bought as a gift.  The person in question is an artist and uses these pens for outlining and also for marking graveyard maps because of the extremely fine line.Be careful.  The tip can be delicate.
I love this pen overall and I love how fine it is. The only problem I have with this pen is that the tip of the pen is now in the metal tip part and it still writes but It's it's really bothersome now that it's in it's current state and I can't fix it. Now I have to buy another one. What waste of money.It was probably my fault that this happened, but still. What a waste of money.
I have used this brand in colored markers for years.I really like them for easy calligraphy. However, theblender has dried out for me too quickly.
I paid less than $25 for the kit on July 30, 2009. The price has now doubled.  I did not open the package since it is being donated to a local charity for underprivileged children.  After reading the first review, I wonder if the $25 kits were from 2008-2009.  If this is true, then shame on Amazon for not disclosing it. I would have purchased a separate date planner or rethought the purchase.
I should have gone with something other than the cheapest option in retrospect. It is often difficult to use as the tape would prefer to stick to the metal plate than any box you press it against. On the other hand, this at least makes it less likely that someone is going to walk off with one of my tape guns again. The construction also appears to have been made as light as possible which would be great if I was lugging this thing around all day. I am not, so the lightness adds to the feel of cheapness. Were I to purchase a similar product, I would want something the tapes glides smoothly out of and has at least a little heft to it.
It's okay. Doesn't erase as well as I had hoped, you have to press rather hard and go over the chalk several times in a circular motion before the remnants of the image are gone. But for the price, it does the job - just have to give it a little more effort.
I like a big hefty mop for big jobs. and thought I had found it at last, but this mop works and feels more like a 16 oz  than a 20 oz..While it is adequate, it doesn't give me the weight I was expecting.
Great price, but quality was not what I was expecting. When I got the luggage straps in the mail they were not individually packaged but wrapped with rubber bands.  One strap broke right away at the airport.  The plastic buckle broke and would not close after that. I ended up throwing it away. The other three held up but I was disappointed that one broke before the start of our trip. In retrospect, I would have paid a little bit more for more durable straps. Lesson learned.
The quality of the straps is fine, however the color blue and purple are completelyunsatisfactory.  I kept them because would cost more to send back but very dis-appointed they are not rainbow colors.
This mouse pad is exactly as described, gorgeous and plush, and the fringe is a fun touch.  Unfortunately, the minimal nap of the rug prevents a smooth function for laser mice.  If I had one of those older mice with a roller ball mechanism, I imagine this would be perfect, however with a laser mouse, even with the mouse movement sensitivity set to maximum, I had to pick up the mouse and return it to the original side of the mouse pad several times to get it to move across two screens.  Bummed, but have to return.
I really like the rug but it doesn't work with the Logitech M510 mouse. I'll use it for a coaster. The cardboard that backed the mouse works well with the mouse.
This mouse pad is not very smooth for the purpose it was designed, the mouse stalls and won't work well
It is a very nice looking sturdy product. I didn't bother to measure my calendar so it does not fill the space as seen in the picture. No plastic to hold it in place and the hook tears at the pages a little if the hole is not reinforced. After a few pages it held up well and looks very nice on the wall. I'm still looking to see if I can find a plastic holder that can protect the calendar and still hang on the hook.
Nice, but the frame is bent. It folds in half at the middle.
We love our learning tower, so I was sure the easel would only make us love it more. My daughter certainly enjoys using it, but I find a few things a bit frustrating and I don't believe, overall, that the quality matches the price.The first thing I noticed was that the chalkboard and the white board surfaces are made of a very thin material, I suppose with a harder surface between them. When you press on one area, it causes a change in another. This doesn't really affect functionality in a substantial way, it just feels cheap. Then the tray that is meant to hold paint/chalk/marker cups is secured using what the directions refer to as "hooks." They're not hooks, they're just screws that are only inserted partially so that their heads can be "hooked" into the easel itself. They don't seem long enough for this purpose, as they wobble when inserted as far as they can go, and I picture the holes being stripped more and more each time I move the tray from one side to the other. That's the other thing, in order to reverse the easel, you have to remove the tray and replace it on the other side. Not a huge deal, but it's not the quick and easy flip I pictured when I ordered.The biggest thing for me is the fact that the easel does not attach securely to the learning tower. There is a lip at the top that allows the easel to rest on one of the sides of the learning tower. Nothing locks or clicks into place, and the sides and bottom are not secured in any way. It's not that heavy, so I can see a curious toddler accidentally knocking it off and hurting themselves all too easily.It's a neat concept, but the design and safety features could use a lot of work.
First, let me say my piece.I am an army wife who bought the LT to get some relief in the kitchen during a deployment. I am thoroughly disappointed in the customer service of the Little Partners brand because: It is nearly impossible to ship their products to APO addresses. I had to jump though hoops and pay extra shipping which is ridiculous because APO addresses are the same as any stateside address. I emailed Little Partners for an explanation for the extra charges and never received a reply back which added insult to injury. I would expect an American company to be a little more compassionate towards military families.Now onto the actual product: It is easy enough to put together. Works fine with the LT and I like the wall mount option for when we don't use the LT anymore. But the quality is sub-par. There were bubbles/bumps in the chalkboard and white board material making it less useable and less attractive. Honestly it looked bad enough for me to want to ship it back right away- and if i hadn't gone through the gauntlet to get the thing delivered in the first place i would have- but I just messed around with the material until it looked decent. But it was sadly not worth all the hassle I went though. So if you want this item, lower your expectations.
When you touch it the black comes off in your hands and the lock on the back for the wires is broke over all it looks used. If I was able I would send it back but being handicap I cant afford to or a way to get it somewhere to mail it. But very unhappy!!Beckie in Iowa
This holder was the only thing I could find that would hold a book, since I use a magnifying glass to read the book
i did not do a good calculation of the provided space and the result is that is much bigger than the space that I need it.
When placing stamps in every available row, even been very carefull, you cannot avoit leaving fingers or nails marks on it
One of the three packages of five pages was not trimmed right. Had full length clear plastic pieces running thought inside of pockets of the pages. Quality control failed.
Not bad, the leather is a little stiff and the zipper is too loose going around the corners.  You have to pull the corner out then pull the zipper, probably to allow for bulk when the binder is full.  Good amount of storage and pockets, however, no small zippered pocket for paper clips etc...it does have a calculator and pad of paper.  The 3 ring binder is large enough to hold all my papers and then some, I didn't even buy the 3" only 2".  I would recommend this for someone who wants to keep everything all in one place and still be hands free.
Recipes not that great!  Got for my son who passed away so have it now myself.
I get compliments on this bag constantly. Then people are amazed when I tell them it's a laptop bag. This is definitely one of the most stylish laptop bags I have found. Overall, it does it's job and it is pretty. However, it does not keep it shape well (it slouches at the top and the magnetic closure never stays closed) so it looks rather shoddy when I wear it around. Also, the metal accents have come off several times. I constantly have to readjust things on this bag so that it looks ok. For the price of this bag, I expect really good quality but this bag often looks cheap.
We purchased this paper to print a secure document on the front with a page of supporting text on the back. It comes with printing on the back that is thermo reactive. Nice touch but it means we can't use the back. No mention of this feature in the description. I think the company just added this feature and the supplier hasn't updated their info accordingly.
Not very durable. I purchased ten to display foam core signs. 3 are already broken and we dont really use them that much
I purchased two key finders for my mother to attach to her purses. The alert noise that the finder makes is not very loud and it was high pitched so it was something that she could not hear. I tried several times but she was not able to hear it (although I could). So I could find it, but she was not able to. Either an adjustable volume or increasing the volume would help. For a person who has average hearing it is audible if it is close by, but if it is any distance away, or if there is any background noise, or if there is anything covering it (such as a pillow, blanket,or couch cushion)it is inaudible.One thing that I found is that they all run on the same frequency, so if you do have more than one and press the locator button they will all activate.I would recommend this for a person of average hearing, but not for anyone who has any hearing deficit.
Not the best on the market, but for the price it's a real bargain! Buying in the 2500 pack saves you the most!
These stickers aren't the nicest out there but there certainly are one hell of a lot of them in this package and you can get them at a great price.
I bought them for potty training along with some other ones.These don't get used because it is so difficult to get off. The color is good and my son always want them.Probably ok if you don't have a small child wanting to help and do it.
This compared to the pink ice paperweight was too small. The larger one stood out in the bookcase but this was a little too small. I did like the color and the cut is superb!
The only suggestion I have for 2010 is maybe a little more tasteful nudity. Not more nudity--believe me, this calendar has plenty--just I'd like it to be a little more tasteful. Granted, I'm not from Wasilla, but when I peek ahead to November, I'd rather see something along the lines of "Pilgrim Pin-up" than "Shake that Bear." I'm sure there's all kinds of good ideas for next year's calendar out in Long Island, though I'm disappointed at the idea that we won't have any sexy photo shoots with oil derricks or snow machines.
Seriously, if you are buying this calendar in support, WOW.  Name the last SERIOUS politician (not even a woman) who put out a calendar.  Thanks for the laughs!
Sarah, there is no question that you have feminine appeal which is displayed on this great calendar. You are also a great gift to Democrats. In fact, with your apparent move to run for President in 2012, you will be for Democats, the gift that keeps on giving.
The company delivered in very good time.  It is nice to have so many companies on Amazon that are honest dealers.The binders are nice but not as good of quality as I was expecting for the price.  These are just fancy binders in a sleeve.They were a gift and the person was very pleased.  I think $20 would be more than a fair price for this product.
Purchased this as an X-mas present.  Was a little suprised when I recieved it.  It only measures approx. 8X8 or so, I was expecting a full sized calendar.  That being said this is a very cute mini sized calendar, great for a work space or desk.  A good buy if you know what to expect!
I gave 3 stars, because the ink had leaked in the package ( due to the cold weather i think) and there was missing information about the size of the pencils on the website. But overall I'm satisfy of my order, it's a good price and the pencils are in perfect condition.
I would rate this one lower than I did but there were a number of patterns that I liked, however, many of these patterns listed in this calendar are patterns which can be found on the internet for free plus there are a lot of others that are already published in other books especially Patons.  If I had paid full price for this I would be more irritated but I paid much less than that which made it worth my while.  I have not thoroughly inspected the 2010 calendar to see how many duplicates came from other books or free patterns from the internet but the 2009 had too many.  How about publishing unknown and or unusual patterns that can't be found for free or for sale in another book????
I sent the Desk Calendar back ,because it was not what I expected. TheCalendar is probably a good buy, if that is what you want.  I needed abook journal type Calendar and not the type I received. When you returnthe product for a refund, it's a slow process , having to send a coupleof e-mails and phone calls to get the refund , which of January 07, 2009I have not received.  I sent the calendar back on December 17, 2008.
Product is good for Preschoolers to Kindergarden.  As it is telling the story, there are colors that light up based on the storyline.
I expected a realistic model ship, not a glass caricature.I wanted something a sailor would appreciate. Not an artist's impression.
For the price, it's good. Hard to beat such a well put together combo deal. Items aren't top quality but for occasionally they're fine. Grinder doesn't grind as finely as I would like, and the screen is too fine for much pollen collecting.
The scraper itself works great to remove old vinyl floor or removing  carpet pad residues , but the telescoping Handel is dangerous , because releases soo easy so be really carefully what part of the handle put your hands
This cheap, clear, plastic case does it's job of keeping your phone from getting scratched...
this product will help you protect your phone from some drops and scratches, but this case is not aesthetically pleasing at all... very floppy and bbulky...
Yes, it was cheap in price.  It was new in the plastic when arrived, but it is such a cheap piece of plastic. It is cute and I get compliments on it and it fits the phone just right, but man.....it seems like it cost less than 5 cents to make.  If you want something that looks classy and nice, don't pick this item.  Spend the few more bucks and get a nicer one.  This one is just so cheap looking and feeling.
The case itself is very poor quality. It serves it's purpose to protect the phone and is stylish and cute but you can see all around the phone on the outside where the plastic pieces come together to snap closed. It's not a smooth finish, plastic was cut poorly and is very visible in appearance.
Purchased to fit over the presidential coins - well it does do that.  However, the extra .5mm provides enough slop in the casing for the coin to move around considerably.  But I honestly don't know of any coin holder which will in fact hold these coins tightly so these are about as good as any.
Too tight for American Eagles. Mexican Libertad fits in perfectly. Too large for Maples.41mm will probably fit the American Eagles fine.
I use these at work to create and modify agendas. It is great to be able to move the strips around to reorder the agenda. The problem is that they don't wipe clean and I usually have to resort to a spray dry erase cleaner to get enough off to use them again. I am definitely on the look-out for something better.
These strips 'do the job,' but I was disappointed by the way the item was delivered. Seems like it was shoved into an old envelope, and taped shut with masking tape. Truly unprofessional! Another not-so-great thing is that they are all different sizes. Yes, they are *close* to 2&#34;, but they are noticeably different. Again, it does the job, and works for me, but not sure I would recommend. Looks very &#34;hand made&#34;...but not in a good way. I could probably find the resources and recreate myself for much cheaper. They are rewritable, and fairly easy to erase - just make sure it 'dries' completely before moving ;)
Handle is a snap clip that broke the first week of use. We had to super glue the handle back together which seems to be working so far.
The top is held in place by pins through the sides; you remove the large straight pins and lift the top off. I would have given this box a higher rating if the top had been hinged instead of pinned. Also, we had to replace the fiber fill with foam rubber as the fibers were catching on the display items (shark's teeth).
$200 for some pictures and boxes with dates in them!? I don't think so, and I'm a huge Twilight fan. This is demented. People, don't even think about paying $200 for a calendar. NEVER! I'm down with the make-your-own-Twilight-calendar idea....I'm disgusted.
Gift was for a co-worker who is a man.  Although the gift box was very nice, it should have been more generic.  No hearts!
We returned because it was too small. Don't know if the globe doesn't come attached, but I had to fit it back in.
This cover is pretty good for a while, it depends how rough you are with your phone. i bought it because i lost the battery cover and now the plastic had trouble hanging on to the phone but the part i need the most is still good so this definitely was a good buy. i would buy this again
I've always found Arctic Alumina messy to work with. The cure time, practically was a lot less than the advertised 5 minutes even at low room temperature of 70F. And I took good care of the tubes (always kept them refrigerated, needles pointing downwards). It was really a pain AA-ing 90 Luxeon rebel stars to heatsinks. I could barely apply the paste to the bottom of 4 led stars before the mix dried up (it was so quick, and forming lumps/grains). So I had to mix small amount of dabs many times to avoid wasting the AA.WARNING: Trying to apply almost dried up paste will initially seem to work, but after a few hours components may come off easily.
Is avery usefull tool for armescomputer woth a processor Intel Core i7-3820 Quad-Core Processor 3.6 GHz 10 MB Cache LGA 2011 - BX80619I73820 in a motheboard Intel Extreme Series Desktop Motherboard BOXDX79TO. This product help to couple the processor with the motherboard.
It's an okay journal - but it is way to picky about how much I can write in there! It's a seasonal journal. I could only write one page worth of thoughts for the season &#34;Spring&#34;. Then I have to wait a couple more months until I can write another page worth of thoughts.But if that's what you're looking for, then it's good.And also, it's a cheap fabric-y kind of cover and there's a large icon on the back that says, 'SUCK UK&#34;. Not very classy.I would NOT ever again pay 40 bucks for this.Good luck in your diary search.
I don't like the fact that we have to write according the seasons. And you only have one page per seasons.
small size not good for 10 gallon containers.  good for office use where no charp edges or boxes are used.
cheap plactic, not sure it would stay intact if the phone was actually dropped, but it looks pretty on the phone and served the purpose.
I ordered this as a temporary measure until I could get a proper belt clip. My initial impression was that I'd use it briefly, then dump it. The description as "premium" is certainly hyperbole. This is a soft, rubbery skin type case that provides basic protection against inadvertent slides, scratches and perhaps small bumps. There is no screen protection, nor any sort of moisture resistance. The two pieces are held together with the plastic tracks that do work, but even once in place properly, there is a bit of bowing of the material along the sides, making it more of a loose cover than a case.Despite these drawbacks, I was surprised to find that this fits one role quite well: It's ideal for carrying the unit around the office or home to provide some basic protection, while still allowing full use and viewing. Once in place, it doesn't interfere with any normal use of the device. I can drop the unit on a counter, or next to my keyboard, and not worry about it sliding off or being scratched. With application of a screen protector, I am comfortable dropping my unit into a pocket, though I'll keep my car keys separate!It is certainly not visually attractive. No clip is provided, nor advertised, so no surprise there. As others have noted, the USB plug cannot be fully inserted while the cover is installed. It does appear that the USB plug cover could be trimmed back. I may try this with a sacrificial cable, but it is a definite shortcoming. However, the case pops off in a second, so I don't find this a major issue.Rather than a "premium" sexy case for use in public, I'm finding it's more of a "comfy" sweatshirt for wear around the house when nobody's looking. For the very small price, it's proven worthwhile. I certainly plan on using a better belt-clip case for any more demanding use. If you have low expectations, this may be just what you need. Otherwise, don't be cheap, and be prepared to pop for $30 or more for a "proper" solution.
this product overall was great only in the part that they sent me the wrong case and i had to email the company about the issue which in the end i got the product i wanted and they did have a great service to send me the correct item.....
I was a bit disappointed in this tape gun. Used for about a month and then the whole unit cracked. I was able to salvage it, but would't buy again.
Nice pen, but if I could have touched is before, or hold it in my hands.......it hs not the right feeling (for me)
I purchased this pen because I love writing with the Pentel, Energel liquid gel roller pens, and I wanted to carry a good pen instead of of the throw aways. One of the versions of the Lancelot uses the LR7 refill which is the same as the Energel roller tip. I wanted a good solid pen with some heft to it, and the Pentel Lancelot has that. It has a nice weight to it, and the finish is very attractive. However, I prefer a fatter pen, and since this is a pen with a cap that must be removed to use it, the barrel isn't quite as fat as I would like. In addition, the cap us the heaviest part of the pen, and with that removed and put on the end for writing, it makes the pen feel off balance or top heavy.If Pentel would make a retractable using the LR7, that would be perfect. In fact, it would easily be worth $10 - 20 more. Meanwhile, if I lose this pen, I will probably replace it with a Pilot Ageless Gel ink pen, even though I don't like the tip the refill used in the G2 as well as the LR7.Pentel Lancelot Roller Pen, Black Barrel, Black Ink, 1 Each (LCBL30A-A)
This glitter is good quality and lots for the price paid, only flaw is that the picutre shows a much  different color than recieved. The glitter color was more like ROYAL BLUE than what I needed, but the product was still usefull for the craft project we needed it for. :) Overall a good product for money spent.Charles Leonard Inc. Glitter, 16 Ounce Bottle (1 lb), Blue (41115)
I don't know what it is about this gold glitter; looking at it in the bottle it looks as if it's mixed with sand or something.  It seems to be pure glitter; both sides are gold.  But looking into the bottle with the cap removed, it looks like it's at least 40% something else.  This is the only glitter I've bought from this manufacturer.  I usually buy red or clear glitter for my applications at Wal-mart or Hobby Lobby.  And neither of those colors exhibit the same effect, at least not from other manufacturers.  I haven't figured out what it is about this glitter yet, that makes it look that way, but the next time I need a bottle of gold, I might try a different brand, just to see if it's the same way.
The color of the copper which actually said Cooper on the bottle was gold. It smelled horrible but that's what you get for cheap glitter.
I bought this expecting it to have more of a purplish hue like in the photo, but in reality it is just a sparkly white :( It will still serve my purpose, but I was a bit disappointed to discover that I now have to go out and buy a separate purple glitter to complete my project.
If you are looking for fine glitter, do not buy this. I got this in iridescent and red and they are both chunky glitter, I like the texture and dimension of chunky glitter but I find that it is a pain to work with. It does not stick properly and has terrible flake off, when you use a top sealant, the glitter looses its shine and becomes very dull. I will keep it but very disappointed
Nice clean bright glitter that worked well for decorating the crafts I had to do. Lots in this size jar.
I was amazed at what a piece of junk this bookstand was, given that it looks so good in the picture. It is made of the cheapest possible wood and looks like it in person. However, it does hold up a large textbook, so I guess it's good for something. Not worth $30 unless you are desperate, which I was.
I bought these highlighters about only 2 weeks ago and have been using them since then for my studies to highlight in 3 or 4 chapters. One is already out of inc. I use my old stabilo and staedtler markers as often as I use the post-its, just they lasted for a looong time. Otherwise I really like that the tip of the marker is not cut so you can easily mark everything in one smooth move. The Post-its are very convenient to keep everything organized and since the sticky part is clear it don't cover text as other stickers do. I would give it 5 stars if not for the short inc life.
The cuffs are very comfortable, but they are about what you would expect for the money, the craftsmanship isn't awesome but they do the trick.  My complaints are that they do not have locking buckles and the leather is a bit thin and stretches really easily allowing the D-Ring to rotate.  Also the hardware to tuck the excess leather into when buckled are way too big for the size of leather used and the leather just falls out and flaps around.  If aesthetics is your primary concern I would suggest looking elsewhere for cuffs, if you are looking for affordable and functional then look no further.  Still a good buy, and I am happy with them.
These cuffs are OK but they are NOT fleece lined. The seller does have the same cuffs, with lining, for sale but these do not have the lining.Pros:*Comfortable*Affordable*FunctionalCons:*Very thin, stretchy leather.*Custom fitting is not listed as available for this product, unless you contact the seller and pay extra for the fleece lining.*Although the buckle lets you adjust for different sizes of wrists/ankles, the excess leather is held down by metal loops but does NOT strap in, so it sometimes flaps around.The product is basically two straps of leather on top of one another: one wide, which goes around the wrist/ankle, and one narrow, which is studded to the wide strap and buckles closed. It isn't very appealing to the eyes, but it gets the job done. Since there is no custom fitting without the lining, make sure you/your partner have wrists/ankles which will fit the dimensions of the cuffs listed in the product description.
And while they do what needs doing, for anyone who knows how to work loose this kind of fabric, it is not all that great. I highly recommend looking into double-velcro type cuffs if you're wanting to get serious about restraining. These are great for showy wear or light bondage play. The material is also hard to clean if you get something like wax or body fluid on it.
Smooth Pen writing..But extemly messy...Ink fills the pen's tip and it can cause a dense spot on the paper that makes even things work.
First the good a great fit in the hand which for those of us who write all day in pateint chart after chart is wonderful.  The ink leaves a bold, clear, and dark line with minimal pressure - exactly as you would desire.The only negative, and it is significant, is that the ink on the ball tip dries faster than any pen I have ever used - in literally a couple minutes of non-use a scribble on scrap-paper is required to get the ink flowing smoothly again.  I am sure the fast drying ink was used to avoid smudging, but this is anoying in the extreme and retraction into the pen body does not slow this process of drying.Conclusion:  I love this pen - the design and function and the body is great - but I will not purchase these again due to the continuing anoyance of the ink drying.  I expect a pen to write upon picking it up - not to require I get the ink flowing over the ball point each time I move on to anew patient's chart.In short the pen fails the most basic test of a pen - it does not write every time you pick it up to use it.
The bag is small but that what I wanted for easy pickup and go travel. The zipper failed after our first day out!  Now, my son just plays with it around the house.
I was given one of these notebooks--so this review isn't tainted by buyer's regret.Pros: I really like the concept.  I was kind of excited to get the notebook because I was looking for something like it--I wanted something that wasn't as cheap feeling as a binder--and was easier to write in than a binder--but also something that allowed me to move pages around and add dividers/pockets/etc.  There are a lot of customizable parts for these types of notebooks--maybe not on Amazon, but I've seen them in a large office supply chain store.Cons:  But the paper slips out too easily.  It makes the notebook not that durable. I also don't like that the paper is proprietary--you're supposed to get refills from the company.  There may be a punch hole that allows you to modify other notebook paper, but I haven't seen it yet. If I were to modify the design, I'd make the cover not cheap plastic and I'd add an elastic string that allows you to close the notebook when you stick it in your bag/purse.
First of all, the remote, unnervingly, just doesn't work reliably with 2-AAA alkaline batteries, and much less with 2-AAA rechargeable batteries. To get the remote to work properly, one needs to modify it to hold 3-AAA batteries. Or, as I did, take it apart and solder in one 3.6 Volt rechargeable lithium-ion battery (the size of a standard AA battery). But even then, the remote seems to consume an unusual amount of power, requiring frequent battery replacement/recharging. And even this trick only worked for about a year, before the remote completely died.But I conveniently dug up an old RCA D770 Universal Remote and, using the Automatic Code Search on the remote luckily worked the first time around. I was greatly relieved, as there are so many 4-digit codes for all the TVs in the world that the RCA D770 Universal Remote has no less than 20 Automatic Code Search cycles to run through, if the first cycle fails to find a workable code. The RCA D770 Universal Remote allows channel surfing (the "INFO" button serves as the "." or "-" button for sub-channels), volume, on-off, mute, but the TV menu still has to be opened and scrolled manually with the top buttons on the TV.RCA D 770 - universal remote control ( D770 )The seven manual buttons on top of the television are impossible to read, except in bright light. I wrote out and stuck a white label beside each one, to make them easily visible in any light conditions.This ATSC digital-ready television is portable in that it runs on 12VDC (but a OEM 120VAC-to-9VDC wall-wart is included), which is perfect for the field, as long as it's plugged in to a GOOD portable antenna (such as the GE Futura Model TV24769, or Radio Shack 15-1607 Portable Booster Antenna VHF-UHF-FM).Also, in the "AV In" mode, the device is perfect in trade show and science fair booths.
This product serves its purpose. It was a little bit pricey for what you got. The product was shipped in a very timely manner.
Overall design of it works great. I wish that they had a way to clip the marker on the side of the board so you won't have to go searching for one. Same goes for an eraser since most people probably wouldn't want to use their hands. The thing that really knocks the product down is the price though. Work paid for it but I don't think the product is worth that much. You just hang it with nails or tacks on the wall.
Is functional, but not the best quality.  I had to use a little duct tape right out of the box to get it to work.
I thought it would have been better had all the fingers on the hand been equal in length as much as possible so u didn`t have one finger doin all the scratching,  plus I thought there was a little more curve to the shoehorn than necessary, but I can work around it.
Its really thick but it really protects the phone if you drop it, it is not that bad
The chart content is good for kids to learn but it's not pre-laminated while the price is higher compared to other Carson-Dellosa Publishing charts.
The content of the chart is great, you get what you see, but for the price I think that it should come pre laminated. They are just plain posters which works for older classes but something like this needs to be more durable.
The information and colors on this poster are great!  It did arrive very creased and wrinkled, however.  I laminated it which helped but if you do not have access to a laminator or a way of straightening it out, I would be wary of ordering this one.
The poster it's self is great, also includes additional resources on back for extra practice. My only complaint is the poster was torn in 2 places when I received it.  Once laminated I'm sure it will be fine, but a little disappointed.
Don't get me wrong... it's a great chart. However, I paid for a new product... and what I received wasn't that I would call new. If it is, then something happened to it there. The chart has some bad bends and scratches in it, making it less than aesthetically appealing.
This is a one time lesson thing. After using it once its kind of done. i would buy it if I was a teacher but not a teach at home parent.
The poster took several weeks to come in. Once I received the poster it was badly bent and in the spots where it was bent the paint had started to peel off. A little disappointed.
This is not quite the look I was expecting, it's not what one normally pictures when one thinks "dragon" and doesn't quite go as well with the costume as what I thought it was would have, but it's still very nice. It's a bone-coloured skeletal dragon holding a skull in its front claws, and the body is an s-shape.That said, the quality of this cane is MUCH higher than I was expecting. The shaft is nice and thick, but heavy, which is good!  The paint job could have been better, and there are a lot of scuff marks on the shaft, but it's nothing a little paint won't fix.
The twisting/empty function is really cool.  Doesn't hold a ton of butts and is a bit flimsy though.  My biggest issue with it is that it's not really sturdy.
I like how the top spins, but it's rather small and very low. I put it next to my recliner and it is way too short. I ended up just putting it outside by a bench that was much lower.
This stand is huge. It does not fit 32&#34; tvs. The directions, if you can call them that, are horrible. Too many screws, bolts, etc. if I knew before ordering what I know now, I would have made a different choice.
Once we assembled it, we found it easier after throwing the instruction sheet away, the product is what we expected.  Easy to move, heavy duty and durable.
To be honest, I purchased this because of the great reviews and I thought it sounded fun. In reality, it's fun for like 5 minutes as you read the back of each card. I'm not sure it's worth the money.
too cutesy, not enough real emotions.  throw in some more common words instead of trying to be the urban dictionary, and would give a better range.  some days i am just plain sad or depressed (thankfully not many) and i would rather my co-workers get the message clearly without having to choose &#34;emo&#34; (which seems to be the closest i can find).great concept, not as practical as it could be.  more of a cute novelty than a warning to co-workers.
I thought this mood indicator would be actual photos of humans representing a variety of moods in humorous situations; however, the flipchart is a collection of colored balls with expressions drawn in black marker.  The container box was broken and flattened in mailing due to the extremely light plastic envelope in which it was mailed rendering the box holding the product useless in gift presentation.  I usually like my purchases from Amazon, but was disappointed with this product.
It was fun reading through the moods initially, but I just found that I rarely actually used it and the cardboard backing felt a little flimsy (ie. it was hard to get it to reliably stand on its own because the cardboard base wouldn't flatten out properly).
It certainly gets the attention of the folks that come into my office but I think it lacks two things: 1) the list just isn't long enough of moods. 2) the moods are too complex. I can't understand how some reviewers said they used this for their children as some of them are just so off the wall it's hard to know what they're trying to portray. I realize it's supposed to be comical and the smileys are nice, but I can't believe they confused me some - and I'm a well educated adult who considers herself to be caught up with today's social slang.
I like having it. I use it at home w housemates..  like if I look unfriendly  or distant no one has to wonder if they R the cause. I would have liked if they had added  some real emotions :, sad, angry, frustrated, lonely , disappointed, yearning, hopeful, grateful,  I'd like more human emotions for people at home.  like families.. or housemates or single moms/kids.
I was able to contact company through email and they solved any issues I had.  Fast response time but product is cheap quality.
It is VERY hard to take the cover off. You will definitely need some type of pry tool to take it apart so you wont damage the plate, the phone, or your nails. This is important especially if you need to get to the battery, want to use your detachable keyboard, or want to change faceplates. If you are going for a cool look I definitely recommend this product, but just be prepared if you decide to take it apart.
This is a great cover for my phone but after the phone being dropped twice (grandkids) the bottom panel's tabs broke and it wouldn't stay secure.  Still have to say it was a good deal for the money to help distinquish my phone from others.
Several sellers offer this product. One offers 24 single-servings for $12.50; another offers 188 for about $25.  Easy to choose between those, right?But this product?Product FeaturesCapacity (Volume) - 0.038 ozCatalog Publishing Type - Coffee Condiments-Creamer Keep BrandCoupon Cannon - 05-08-09Flavor - Half & HalfGL09 Page Number - 425Where's the serving count?ah, further down we haveBrand Name Land O LakesItem Weight 0.5 ounces &lt;-- $14.95 for .5 oz? I doubt that!Product Dimensions 11.5 x 8.5 x 5.5 inches &lt;-- ok a foot tall box must have a few in it!Number of Items 180 &lt;-- aha! this must be it!Now that I've figured out your ridiculous listing, I'll proceed with my comparison shopping!You get a neutral 3 stars cuz I'm not actually reviewing the product.
These are very cute - but only 1" long, less than 1/8" wide.  Other "mini" clips I've used are 1 3/4 - 2" long - much different product!
make your own freehand templates for air brushing a great price decent quality,can't go wrong with this set of tools.
I ordered these becuase they were the only item of this type that I could find.  Staples used to carry their own brand/type, but they no longer make the product.  The snaps are a little difficult to get into the notebook.  They are also difficult to take out when you want to change where they're clipped in at.
I bought this because I thought it would help organize and label the cables behind my desktop computer. It does accomplish this although then I asked myself: &#34;how often do I really check behind my computer?&#34; The answer is, not often enough to warrant buying this product. I think this would be a far better product for travelling musicians who need to keep all their electrical cables and equipment organized between gigs.
It's a bit tricky getting it to tie off and have the lable up to be readable. Velcro ties work much better for me.
Not crazy about them. Hard to clasp after coiling up cables. Maybe I will get better at it in the future......
I found them difficult to work with, kept falling apart as I tried to wrap them around the cords. Once on its ok.
I have tried a lot of accessories to tie up my cables and this one is not too bad. Many many months after buying it did I remember to rate it.I never really needed the color ID label. I may even never have seen it and I have no idea today where the labels may have been.This accessory will not work as I hoped to shorten your headphones cables. The cables need to be bigger like in the picture.This accessory will work to keep multiple cables together. It is easy to put on and to put off.
It is constructed as advertised, but difficult to use. The plastic "catches" that the band snaps into can be very difficult to snap into. I purchased this product to attach a radio receiver to my monolights for wireless triggering. I couldn't find another product to use in this application. However, for simple cord storage, I would use something else, like the velcro straps, rubberbands, or simple hair scrunchies.
This is a great idea and a simple product.  But be careful when using, as it can be difficult to snap the cord in the slots when installing on cable.The first one I tried broke the cord.  So I immediately had a 4-pack instead of a 5-pack.  It could be that not all slots are created equal with this product.  In my opinion they are one use product as if you unsnap the cord to remove, you will see the cord has been damaged.So use once, be very careful when you snap the cord into the slot, and the product should meet your needs.
I'm disappointed with this product but not ready to get rid of it all together.  I read that it was simple and boy are they right. Pretty much the only thing of value is the CD-ROM.  The workbook is NOT a workbook, it is just a picture with the written words they learned in the computer lesson.  It has a suggestion for an activity you can play using those words which is nice, but more suggestions would have been nice.  The computer program is of good quality and my sons both like it.  My 5 year old is burning right through them and my 3 year old loves it too.  But, they move very slow - introducing just a few words per session.  Now, here I have to remember that I already know the basics of Spanish and I'm much older so it might move at a great pace for little ones.  However this is an INTRODUCTION, not a total language learning system.  This will get their interest and get them familiar with some phrases and basics of the language which will launch you into a full learning program.  If you want to just introduce them, this is a fine program.  But if you are looking for a systematic approach for total language learning this is not it.
There's really nothing wrong with this idea. This notebook folds completely inside out so you can actually write without the binder part getting in the way. At the same time you can add paper to it easily. It also comes with some really sturdy dividers, two of which have room for an index card at the bottom. It even came with these 5 white tabs to place on all the dividers (5 dividers total included, though you could easily add more).I have, I guess, 3 main complaints. The biggest of these is the list price. There's NO WAY this thing is worth almost ten dollars! As an a & b to that (my other two reasons):a) The binder plastic is flexible, but flimsy and bound to wear out after many loosens/fastens. You use brute strength to pull the binder plugs out to add paper, move the dividers, etc. I can see this will not last very long. It's just cheap plastic and the slightly wider end that goes in the plug is bound to wear, becoming loose.b) The flimsy nylon at the back which gives the notebook its easy foldover ability is ALSO not very sturdy. I could see that suffering from wear as well.Basically this notebook seems "disposable", but at nearly ten bucks it shouldn't be. I got it from Vine, but would never pay for it. If only they used some other fastening method and a nicer spine...
I'm an organizer junkie, so I was excited to give this 'notebinder' a shot.  It seemed like a great hybrid of notebook and binder.  But there are some serious flaws that make this thing impractical as either a binder or a notebook.WHAT I HATE:- Number one hated feature: the rings need to be opened separately.  WHY???  There is no upside (that I can think of) to this - you need all the rings open to take anything out or put anything in.  It seems so stupid and it's a pain in the neck.  Illogical.- I also dislike the flexibility of the front and back covers.  Binders (except the flimsy plastic kind) have a hard surface for writing against, and so do most notebooks.  But this thing is so flexible, you can't write in it unless you're at a desk.  Impractical.WHAT I LIKE:- It is handy to have the little plastic pockets in the front, for tucking those annoying bits of paper that you know you should keep but you know you'll lose.  Important!- I also like that there is a set of tabbed dividers that also can hold pages inside them.  And they're see-through.  Handy!BOTTOM LINE:I'm not going to throw it out, it works okay.  But I definitely wouldn't buy one until the ring thing is fixed, and I would prefer at least the back cover to be firm enough to write on.
As soon as I saw Mead's Five Star Flex Hybrid Notebinder, it reminded me of Trapper Keepers, essentially decorated plastic covered carboard three ring binders, with a velcro flap. I went through several in third grade.  The hybrid notebinder, though is quite different in several important ways. First, the rings are surprisingly left hanging out, which could lead to them hooking on random things in a backpack and also suffering the brunt of abuse in daily use. While as other reviewers note they are fairly difficult to separate, it's hard not to wonder if frequent use would change that. This design brings to mind the basic problem with spiral notebooks, namely the spiral, that over time will get bent, snagged, and slowly unraveled. Considering the three rings are what will keep everything inside, I think the notebinder would be best for someone that won't place it in a backpack, locker, which to would seem to eliminate the biggest crowd of middle school, high school, and perhaps college students.
Okay the pockets are great, i like the overflaps that cover the top corners and keep documents from falling out.  The binder comes with some graph paper which I geekingly admire.  The binder holds looseleaf paper.  My complaint is that the cover was soft and textured and it seemed to get stuck on everything.  So the binder packed away inside my bag next to hard cover texts, when pulled quickly from the bag, did not pull quickly.
I'm a homeschooling mother of one with another on the way, organization is something that I don't just like but require to keep things moving fairly smoothly. I have a ton of different binders and folders so figured I'd give this one a try to. I loved that it came with dividers and paper already (woohoo less things to buy) and liked the look of it along with the lightness. Though I appreciate that the covers are lightweight I did find that I missed the rigid construction I'm used to in a 3 ring binder as this was flimsy when I tried writing on it w/o a table under it. I also must admit that while I thought I'd love the three ring design I hate the fact that they open individually and flap around when I'm trying to secure them... I've found myself tearing out pages instead of removing them correctly as it takes to much time. The clips themselves also bother me, I realize it's made with the large clips and fabric type edge so that it remains thin when not jammed full but can fit a vast amount if needed, however the clips really stick out and it continues to get stuck on different items in my bag. I also wish it had pockets on the front & back covers. Not a terrible binder but not one I'll be buying more of either.
This is a variation on an old product. You get a notebook pad with mostly regular looseleaf paper, some gridded paper and some pouches and sleeves. You can use the pouches and sleeves to store and protect documents and supplies. I think the biggest advantage might be its light weight which might appeal to those who have to carry a lot of weight in their backpack or briefcase. It is a useful product but that's not to say that there are other products on the market that may be worthwhile also.
I guess I didn't read the description fully but I was surprised at the insides of this binder.  There are various pages for holding documents and envelope-sized papers.  These pages don't look too sturdy, so I don't think the binder would be best used for storing something you use every day.  The binder comes with some paper in the back behind the pockets.  Some of it is regular, lined writing paper and some is squared, graphing paper.  It's not very much paper to start with but, of course, you can add more.I really don't think this would be good for a school binder, unless you take all those pocket pages out and use it for paper, but that would be kind of a waste.  I think this would be useful to keep specific documents in it, like your insurance papers, your will, tax information, etc.  For that purpose, I would recommend this binder.  I like the flexible plastic cover.
Binders are a staple of school and office use - and they find use in the home as well. This offering by Five Star tries to refine the basics - 3 rings to hold papers, etc. between a set of covers. Instead of metal rings and a rigid spine, the Flex Hybrid Notebinder has snap-open plastic rings, a soft cloth spine and plastic covers. This makes it more flexible than the standard binder, which makes it easier to fit into a crowded backpack. And,  the soft spine means that it lies flatter.It comes pre-loaded with organizer type plastic pages with pockets for index cards, pockets for full size sheets of paper with index tabs, a pad of lined note paper, and some graph paper as well. All together, this makes it ready to go for school use from the start. As it takes standard 3 ring binder inserts, it can be set up like a regular binder and customized easily. It could also be useful in office situations where binder packages get made up for conferences, special projects, etc.The only quibble I have is how durable the plastic rings will be over time, if they're snapped open and shut a lot. The size of the rings is not the largest either - you may need something larger. They're also a little more awkward because they have to be opened and closed individually. On the other hand, there should not be the problem you can get with regular binders, where the metal rings may open enough when jostled to let pages slip out.Got students in the house? Keeping a couple of these handy could save time and money when they need a new binder in a hurry. Tired of regular binders? One of these is certainly worth a try.
I was excited to get this product since it combines a notebook and a binder.  It seemed like it would be a good hybrid product.  When it came though, we found that it was very flimsy and very big.  The body of the notebinder plus the rings comprises an overly large notebook and it was too big to carry in the bag my husband carries to work.  However, he really liked the combination of paper and pockets and other items inside the item.  So, he took out the parts of the notebinder he liked and put them in a more compact binder.  He has enjoyed having them and thinks the concept is good.  The product is just too big for the business person who takes public transportation to work.  It's also too flimsy.
Although I like some aspects, this product does not work for me since I work out in the field.* It's difficult to use without a hard surface beneath it because the cover is too thin and flexible.* The rings are tedious to open and close and probably not worth using.* Some of the inserts are useful for extra papers of various sizes, but most have too many pockets that are not useful.* The options of lined and graph paper is nice.* Because of the thin cover, it is lightweight and would be easy to carry to school and use at a desk.* The selection of colors is good.* The price is rather steep.I have moved most of the pockets and paper into a regular hard-cover ring binder. This seems to be much more practical for my use.
I like the look of it, but a klutz like me needs something tougher and less likely to snag. Binder and notebook combos will always be useful. This one just needs some redesign.
I really liked the concept of this notebook/binder "hybrid" -- but I think it needs a little improving.  The rings have to be pulled apart (and shoved back together) separately, which requires more effort and precision than I'd expected.  I would need a LOT of practice if I was going to try to put a paper in the binder while standing up...but I guess you could just put the paper in one of the divider folders temporarily.  Basically, it lacks the convenience of a traditional 3-ring binder, from which you can quickly add or remove 3 hole punched papers.It does, however, have lots of great pockets and dividers in it, which is GREAT for my job (as a traveling teacher) -- I can throw in a pad of Post-it notes or a business card, and there's always a place to put it.  And the materials it is made from are very tough and durable.  I also like that it comes pre-loaded with both notebook paper AND graph paper!  (That's what they mean by "quad ruled notepaper" -- never heard that term before)Overall, I like the notebook, but it seems a tad overpriced for what it is.  But if you don't mind the price and don't have to add or remove papers frequently, the hassle of pulling the rings apart and re-connecting them might not bother you.One more thing I wish it had -- some kind of a strap to keep it closed.  I'd rather not have it flying open inside my bag.
When the description says this is a combination of a binder and a notebook, that is somewhat misleading.  When you get this binder new, it includes in the back a stack of college-ruled paper and a stack of graph paper, already 3-hole-punched (obviously, or it wouldn't stay in the binder).  The binder also has a half dozen dividers.  I imagine the idea is that you'd use one per class.  The dividers are pretty heavy duty and they contain a separate, integrated pocket for putting in notecards or other smaller items that wouldn't work in the 3-hole-punch.  This is the best part of this binder...the dividers.  They also have a flap so that you could put in full size pages that you didn't want to 3-hole-punch or didn't have time to.  For example, if you were given a handout in class, you could slip it into the flap on the divider and be sure of keeping the page handy and also in with other items related to the class.It's a 3-ring-binder, but is fairly flat when it comes to you.  The side is made of flexible material (a sort of canvas) and it hangs a little loosely.  Thus, the binder would expand as you filled it, becoming shaped a little more like a traditional binder...although I think this design would always retain more a flat shape than the standard triangular lines of an "old school" hard plastic binder.I liked the binder overall.  It is  well thought out, and if you were a fairly organized student, one of these might get you through a semester, depending on your workload.  But if you're a more typical, sloppy student...chance are this notebook would be overkill.  So I'd say if you truly consider yourself to be tidy and organized, you'd probably enjoy some of the features, and might feel you've gotten your money's worth.  If you are generally careless, and usually have a separate notebook for each class that you just cram your loose papers into...I doubt this new notebook will convert you to a neat freak.In summation, I give it a very marginal "thumbs up" but I urge you to think about your own needs and inclinations.
The Five Star Flex Hybrid "Notebinder" is tough, easy to use and literally flexible.  There's room for notes and pages and it's a quick snap to insert or remove pages.  I can't think of a lot more to say, I'm pretty hard on folders, binders and notepads, but this one has been run over, rained on, thrown across the room in board meetings and it is good as new.  It now has an emotional history and I am attached to it.If it came with a new Apple tablet, it would be even better.
Feathers are nice and small, and come in a strange assortment of colors (magenta, yellow, orange, red and blue) only.  Some of the feathers were somewhat beat up, with little bits missing from them.  I'm guessing these feathers didn't come from the happiest of birds...If you need cheap feathers for a craft project, though, it'll do.
This is really a 3.5* review. The quality of these is quite good (I wish they weren't made in China, though). The size is misleading and could be problematic if 1" was actually needed. The colors are unusual--muted, pastel, and bright bubble gum pinks alike, many red, brown, 3 different green shades bright yellow (nearly neon), purple, white and black... Not sure they would be a very useful assortment as one lone ball of several colors was amongst half a dozen in other shades; for the purpose of a cat toy, as mine plays "soccer" with them and fetches them for me, they are totally fine apart from the size being a disappointment as her others are true 1" and more suitable (and less prone to getting stuck under things). They don't stink like many brands, so I have no regrets for the couple dollars they cost since I had them shipped with a separate order over $25 (I wouldn't pay extra to ship them--cheaper in Jo-Ann etc than shipping).
This is a nice-looking product, but not very useful, if what you wanted was something you could hold between your neck and shoulder.  I was hoping for the hands-free days of old.  Remember when you could hold your phone and type at the same time?  When you'd get a kink in your neck from too much time on the phone?  Not with this unit.  It's very small and light weight, with a flimsy cord.  Not a full-sized receiver, as I expected.  And pretty much impossible to hold hands-free.  So, I would say it's cute, quite portable, and works fine with good sound quality, as long as you aren't expecting a full-sized receiver.
I am not sure this hole punch can handle 10 sheets; I tried about half that and the device seemed to jam/got stuck.  You really have to push the sheets of paper into the device in order to get the correct line of the 3 holes punched- some of mine come out crooked or holes at the edge of the sheet, and those don't hold the paper in a binder at all.  Another issue I have with this device is that it is not pre-measured for a normal basic 3 hole punch.  There is this plastic guide that you have to pull out to get the hole punches where they normally are; and the plastic guide does not stay in place so you have to keep readjusting it which is not very efficient and quite annoying. In my opinion, you could get another hole punch that is better at around the same price, but this is one of those office products that you get what you paid for.
these are really handy when you want to release and reuse.  simply pass it around and object and slide the end through a loop, then give it a moderate pull to tighten.  to release, insert the end back through the same hole and give it a pull.  These work good, and hold without failing, however about 10% or a little more break the first time you pull them tight.
I like playing slots and this just doesn&#34;t have enough.  I did recieve the game on time and it was easy to install.
I usually try to order these from Vivamart. They are normally pretty good. I do a lot of orders of these cartridges because my company has a lot of these printers.I have only had 2 bad cartridges from Vivamart (out of many). When I did have problems, they quickly sent me a replacement.When I ordered from TonerPals, I wasn't as lucky. For whatever reason, it seams like VivaMart has better quality cartridges for the most part.
It is a good size bag and the design is pretty. I wish it was a bit larger though. I carry lots in it and seems sturdy so far.
The printwheel works fine, however, the print is not executive.  Letter Gothic was not what I was interested in, but seemed to be the only one available.
Decent product; but overpriced! I found the same thing at Michael's craft store for $5; they are making a good profit off of this! Also, it looks like a nice stamper but its just a metal stamp screwed into a plastic handle.
I got these for my boyfriend. He is folding 1000 cranes and he says that while they are good quality the foil makes them difficult to work with because folds like to stick together, and they can be hard to separate.
The seller's customer service was outstanding.  The product came to be brand new however it did not work.  I contacted the seller and he sent me another one.  The one he send did not work either.  He worked hard to resolve the issue but I never got a charger that worked.  I would recommend the seller not the product
I am presently looking to buy some gel pens....in bulk, because I know these pens are more expensive than usual ball-point pens.  But -- a case of THREE (pens?)....for $86.08 ( ? ) ( !! ).  This is obviously a misprint-- or otherwise, it belongs in the "Amazon Oddities" category, along withthe gallon of Tuscan Whole Milk for $69!Obviously, (or that is, I HOPE obviously), the "case" of three probably means a case of three dozen(?)  But it is not listed as such -- and I'm afraid to buy, because, as things stand now, it sure LOOKS like you only bet three individual PENS  for $86.08!  PLEASE FIX THIS AD TO MORE ACCURATELY DISPLAY WHAT IS BEING SOLD, AMAZON!  As the pricing now looks,it would be cheaper, I think, to get a refillable Mount Blanc Fountainpen.Sadly, I guess I'll have to try another online store -- which is very sad, because I LIKE shopping at the "one-stop, online store emporium"  that is Amazon.  Please fix this, Amazon, so it will more accuratelytell customers what they will get if and when they buy this!  Thanks!
I bought this book to keep in my purse. My plan was to keep important phone numbers in it, as a backup, in the event my cell phone died...(as I have my kid's phone numbers programed into my phone & NOT my memory.) This book is a bit bulky & heavy for this purpose.
Not exactly what I was looking for, but they did the job.  Next time I will look harder and get exactly what I need.
I use a Xerox Phaser Color laser printer.  The sheets had no problems going through the printer, but there were some issues with the toner bonding to the paper.  Had to throw away half of what was printed.  I'll stick with Avery labels.
Not as good as Avery quality wise but good enough for what I need them for. I would recommend them.
all the labels are ok, but never as good as the brand name. Guess its like they say, you get what you pay for.
These labels are adequate, but the backing could be better.  The print quality seems to be fine.  They do not feed so well in the printer and will often stick together.  Not so much that I would send them back, but enough that I would not reorder them.  The savings is not enough to ofset the hassle.
these sheets are quite thin.  They sometimes don't feed real well into the copier, but are definitely worth the trade off for price.  if you have the time, it's worth the tradeoff.
They should have a nicer place to hold your pens. And it is a nice size to hold all of your documents with three different pocket holders. They should show the inside to let consumers have a better idea of the product.I don't think it should be as expensive as it is. But overall I am satisfied with the purchase.Don't get happy about the key.
This is the second year in a row I've bought a New Yorker page-a-day calendar.  I enjoy my daily cartoon, and in that respect think the calendar is great.  My complaint is about the trivia and word games on the back of the pages.  These additions make me waste paper.  I have the calendar at my office, and use the pages as scrap paper once I rip them off of the calendar.  Now there's too little unused room on the back of the page for lists, notes, etc.  To be honest, I find most of the games extremely easy and unsatisfying, but that's just me.To be honest, if I had known about the clutter on the backs of the pages, I would have bought a different desk calendar.
fast send but save your money and buy these for 1.00 in Joanns or Michaels.
Unlike the other reviewer, the slide mechanism is straightforward and serves its purpose. I hate taking caps on and off, so the retractable feature is great. My only complaint is the markers seem to dry out very fast, hence not lasting very long. When the marker is retracted, a rubber gasket is intended to seal the marker from the outside air. This is the same seal the marker has to protrude through when in use, therefore it by design has an x-shape slit in it to allow the marker tip to extend out of the housing. It is plausible that this allows the marker to dry out faster than a marker with a standard cap.
This is a great idea as a device and as a person who draws a lot of frequently needs to erase precisely, I find this little machine irreplaceable. However the motor inside, even with the apparent gear reduction, is quite underpowered and so anything but the lightest touch will freeze the rotation of the eraser head.Further, the little metal clip that holds the eraser head in place is one of the worst solutions I have ever seen. It is meant to be easy to use to allow for frequent changing of the eraser tip but it drops the head out a lot. As soon as the eraser tip reaches 50% of its original size, it is useless because the holder no longer grips it steadily. If you're going to purchase this thing, buy a ton of eraser tips to go with it.
Great photos! Love the overall quality of the images. However, I use the calendar to write appointments on and they made the squares for each day unnecessarily small. The date numbers are very large so some with vision problems might enjoy it. But if you love Hubble images...
not a desk calendar as advertised - it's a page a day calendar - which can also be bought under a separate listing. Hmph. For a desk calendar, I expected something spiral bound for your desk. Oh well, it's still cute for a gift - that's the only reason for the 3 stars.
My sister has often sent me uber-cute pictures from the website, so when we saw it was in page-a-day calendar form, we just HAD to have it.  I guess my sister always sent me the very best pictures, because the calendar is ok, but not as funny as I was expecting.  The pictures are ALWAYS adorable.  The captions just aren't always as funny, and rarely made me LOL as much as the ones my sister sends.  OTOH, when I went back to look, that does seem to be the prevalent sense of humor on the site.  So if you like [...], you'll LOVE the calendar.  If you're looking for something to make you laugh, check the website first  ;-)
The cover itself is nice and seems thick/durable however the dimensions listed on the product information are incorrect.  The cover is actually 10 3/4" by 8 5/8" so it didn't fit my magazine.  Frustrated that it's not what they said.  Not sure if I want to go through the hassle of returning it or if I'll just keep it for something smaller.
As noted in the other review, this cover is smaller than expected.  It is not quite 10 3/4&#34; in length, which would have almost covered the magazine, but it does not allow this much space when you try to insert the flap of the magazine in to the flap of the cover.  The quality seemed quite good.  But the price I paid was $1.50 more than the tag on the cover.  That seems weird.  Will not reorder another online, I will find one in a store and pay the price on the products label.
My children like the toy; however, I'm not sure how much it helps them learn their letters more than any other traditional way.
Well made, shipped on time, grandson loved it ! Material was sturdy and durable. Large enough to hold artwork. Was able to find it on Amazon whn it was sold out at other places.
Daily Get Fuzzy comic strips are there for you every day in wonderful hilarity. This is perfect for your desk if you're a big fan of the series. Many of the strips featured can also be found in the "Dumbheart" collection.Sunday strips have a 'notes' feature on the back where you can write down a list or anything else you'd like. The rest of the days have short puzzles, riddles and tips among other things.My only issue is that the weekday strips are often colored incorrectly. For instance M&M;&M; is incorrectly colored yellow. He's also a Manchester City supporter and yet his hat is colored to that of United support. There are a lot of issues like that where many of the sub characters are also off color. The normal Sunday strips on the other hand are spot on as expected. It really bugged me for a while.Still worth a purchase for work or at home for your PC desk if you have the space.
Not a very impressive portfolio, but adequate for the low price I paid. Looks and feels like plastic. The calculator is handy. Storage pockets are a bit flimsy. But for occasional use it's a reasonable value.
This is very small - much smaller than I had expected.  But it is quite lovely, so i am keeping it.
Very small and pretty chinzy, though I wasn't expecting great things.  I'm not really sure how one would produce a &#34;dash&#34; from this gadget but I didn't really play around much since I was giving it as part of a Morse Code gift package.  OK for what it is.
It appears to be of reasonable quality heavier than I thought.  but it's a badge holder after all..  hmm 1 word left, now it's to many
some of the charms came off when removing it from the packaging, looks nice after I replaced the charms on the Lanyard
This is a little hard to rate as part of the basket fram was broken but I will keep anyway.  No screws included for attaching to the wall but the frame is pretty.  Had problems with the shipping of this product as the box looked as if it had been run over by the truck and the pricing on the frame was at least $10.00 less than I paid for it.
The description says it fits books 8x10 and larger... that is not true. It is certainly a big sock but it doesn't fit my 10x12 book in the least. It unfortunate because its good material, it didn't rip when I tried to get it on my book. I'll probably keep out for another book.
Purple -- or violet -- ink!  What person aspiring to the American Dream, (or perhaps higher?) can resist buying such a pen?  And there are TWELVE in this package!The Pentel Mini RSVP Ballpoint Pen certainly LOOKS elegant.  It has a purple barrel, and purple ink.  It has beautiful gold-foil lettering on the side.  It's even refillable, (rich people are known for their thrirt -- it's one definite way to get rich!)So, why am I disappointed, (somewhat) in this pen?  THE LINE DOES NOT WRITE DARKLY ENOUGH.  I have had blue-ink pens that give a much deeper and darker line than the equivalent black-ink pen, and the same is sadly true here.  THE LINE IS NOT DARK ENOUGH BECAUSE THE PURPLE COLOUR IS NOT IN A DEEP ENOUGH COLOR!  The pen writes adequately, with a nice smooth line.  But the reason many people buy a purple- (or violet)-ink pen is because it somehow fullfills an egotistical wish.  I mean -- it's better, (and safer for all concerned), if one uses a purple/violet inked pen, than, say, make a decision to arm one's neighbours into a militia, with the aim of overtaking the next town, and plant a home-made "This is OUR Town Now" flag.  No-- I'd never really do that -- but everyone has an ego, and writing with a nice, deeply coloured-inked purple pen, can help to assuage it, on occasion....So, writing with this pen will not give one the feeling of having conquored something --even in one's imagination.  Or maybe it will -- it will give you the feeling, perhaps, of having conquored a land beset with pollution...hence the weak colour of purple in this pen.Or perhaps you might fantasize yourself to be a romantic man or woman, (think: Robert and Elizabeth Barret Browining), and you find that the strength of your ardor towards the obbject of your affection has just about drained the strength out of every other aspect of your being --including the depth and darkness that should be in the line that your pen writes.  Pens like this --with unusual ink colours that are just not dark enough for one's taste, (at least, not dark enough for my taste), do still tend to prick the imagination, and make for "Some Enchanted Evenings"."Oh, Sweet Mystery of Life -- At Last I've Found You"?  Well, this pen does qualify as, perhaps, an admirable substitute, and/ oradjunct to such sweet mystery.  The cap is large and seals easily with a click.  The pen comes with a nice little purple rubber grip near the tip, to make it easier to write with.  The size is small, which may be useful on some occasions -- but I cannot imagine what these occasions would be, as I prefer a larger pen.  Still, for the price, it's not a bad pen.  If only the ink colour was just a little darker, deeper, and richer.
This zipper binder has been excellent for organization.  I love that the three ring binder portion is removable - giving a lot of flexibility for using parts independently.  The binder has numerous pockets in an expandable "accordian-type" file section that hold full size paper or manila folders. There are also numerous external and internal zippered pockets for pencil/pen storage and storage of other small office supplies.  This binder has been very helpful for organizing multiple subjects for my fifth grader.  The only recurring problem is that the major zipper gets off track frequently and thus things can slip out.  A reasonably good deal for the price that would be even better with a stronger, more durable external zipper.
I like these binders, I had two, but I wanted to see what they meant by  "PRO adds new features to meet the changing landscape of today's school."So, compared to my model from 2008, what's the difference?You can see in the picture, it has two pockets in the front. A little mesh thing that doesn't matter (good for storing pencils), and a larger bag behind  it (or above it, depending on how you look at things). My old version had basically a bigger pencil bag, this one opens up much larger and has two smaller but baggier pockets inside.I suppose the significance of the baggy pockets is they want students to be able to store their cellphone or music player in there. It even includes a hole where you could pass the cord of your headphones through. Though, part of me wonders if a phone might get crushed if it's stored there.Wait a minute... the description states, "PRO introduces a new handle plus another valued feature: a removable ring fixture."There's no handle on this binder! And the 2008 model had the removable ring fixture, that's nothing new!So, yeah, not much of an upgrade. The only real new things in the new headphone hole, and I still wonder the wisdom of that. But, hey, if you're too cool for a back pack, and not old enough to be carrying a book bag, these Zipper Binders are a good option.I can also say, I got the "red" one, but it looks Pink to me.
Not a lot that can be said about office supplies.  This binder appears to be sturdy enough for even the most destructive of school-children or for general home office usage.
This binder is just ok. The thicker ones have a handle which makes it much easier for my son to carry them when he has other items in his hands. If they had a handle they would be much better. The pouch on the front is a waste and just catches on the other binders in his book bag.
walmart does not carry this model anymore and my son only likes this one. worth the price and convenience. cost is ablut the same
The Gator Mount for Infrared Pen Wii Remote to use with an interactive whiteboard works well, however, adjustments for mounting in classrooms are often necessary.  For the price installation should include either more extension pieces or some longer threaded pieces to accommodate high classroom ceilings.  At almost $30, this is a great opportunity for someone to come on the market with a cheaper, more flexible classroom mount for the Wii controller.
I ordered these labels for my canning jars.  I used Word 2007 with clip art to name the contents.  When I used the Avery template, I centered the information within the template thinking that it would print that way.  WRONG.  It has taken several attempts at minimizing and spacing to make the name and clip art come out right.  And 90% of them were not centered correctly.  I got tired of using my energy and ink and just gave up.
I like the size of this calendar and the spiral binding. There is a nice amount of space for each day, and the ruled lines in each day are helpful. However, the paper is very thin and there is no front or back cover, even of cardstock, so it feels flimsy.Blue Sky Barcelona Wall Calendar 15 x 12 - 2010
I have been using these for about a year to clean the screens of TV's, computers, cell phone, and iPad.  Convenient and work very well.  However, I just re-ordered; they arrived unopened but dried out and useless.  If they had arrived in usable condition, I would have given them 5 stars.
If you want a truly BOLD line (1.6mm), this is an excellent pen.  Unfortunately, when the pen runs out of ink, you may as well toss the pen or display it in your "Favorite Pens of the Past" display case, as refills are unavailable
Great I love these I just wish they still made with blue & matching envelopes! Other wise great! I recommend taking each sheet out before writing as the whole pack tends to fall out easily
I like having something in the morning to make me laugh while at work. Especailly on Mondays. However, about 2 weeks worth of days were missing or had repeats.
I bought this to use as I do pencil drawings and hoped it would give me more clarity and the ability to see a good magnified version of my drawing. I wear glasses and I found that it was difficult to get the right position for me to look through the glass and see the image clearly. Unless I had it very close to my face, the image was blurred. So I found myself hunching over to see. Also, for my use the arm is too short and I have to move it too close to my work. If I were to do it again I would get one that has a longer arm. The styling is very good, the design is asthetically pleasing but not too happy with the magnifying feature. Also the light itself isn't as bright as I had hoped.
The stand looks a lot bigger, but its because they use a like 15 inch screen, but I wanted small and I got it.  But what I didn't want was flawed.  The fake wood was slightly chipped in a few places but not worth sending it back.  For the price, can't complain.  Overall, I'm happy.
The product description says it is standard sized, but it is in fact Jumbo.  In addition, the bookcover was sent in an plastic envelope the exact size of the package.  I couldn't get the package open without scissors and cut it at the very edge of the envelope trying not to damage the bookcover, but I was unsuccessful.  So be careful.
It feels like a decent quality eraser, especially for the price, but it just seems to smear the chalk around on our homemade contact-paper chalkboard. But then, perhaps the fault lay with our chalkboard (though it did get good reviews...).
I purchased 2 of these to use for the windshields in our cars. I read that this would keep the windshield from fogging up. It really doesn't work for that but it probably works well on a chalkboard.
I bought this felt eraser to wipe the chalk from our painted magnetic/chalkboard in the hallway. It doesn't fully erase the chalk, it really just wipes it away leaving a haze for you to write over. It does its job but I'm not sure how long the felt will last since the paint is not completely smooth. I'm not sure that another eraser would have done a better job.
I read the reviews of the various ones available on Amazon and this one seemed to win. I don't know whether the surface is "real" or chalkboard paint. Whatever it is this eraser does not do the job I remember chalk erasers doing when I was in school so many decades ago. Perhaps the ones our teachers used were toxic and have been banned, like so many useful items.
I bought the brass bee as a keepsake for my son who is in the regional Spelling Bee!  It is great and fits in his pocket for luck!  How unfortunate that Amazon has it listed at 5 pounds, and the tiny box it was shipped in was labeld at 1 POUND!  An extra $5.oo at the check out is not worth it! Very disappointing!
It's so frustrating when vendors on Amazon put the wrong picture and limited description.  I was looking for a replacement refill to fit a Tiffany purse pen for my wife.  I was hoping to get a high quality sealed metal refill that fit perfectly, but instead was sent 10 plastic refills without a notch for the spring and it didn't include a spring like in the picture.To make it work, I wrapped a very small amount of electrical tape on the back end, which did help make it big enough to fit.  It seems to be working, but certainly not the refill that was designed for the Tiffany Purse size pen.  Overall, I would recommend these for someone that can't find them anywhere else.  Hopefully they don't explode or dry out since it's no an enclosed type metal cartridge.  I'll probably look to replace these sometime in the future with the correct type or better quality, but for now it's working fine.
I purchased two of these chairs one for myself and one for my daugther. She has mentioned any problems. I have had problems with the height adjuster. I'll be sitting in it and sink to the bottom. Didn't start doing that until it was out of warranty. I brought the chairs because of the Broyhill name.
I recently purchased this chair at Office Max and brought it home to put together. Please note, anyone who is considering a purchase, this is a very heavy chair. The weight makes it difficult to move from car to home. The directions are not as clear as they should be, particularly when it comes to attaching the arms. Having the holes not line up exactly on one side made it more difficult. Putting the chair onto the base was also not a barrel of laughs. The chair is comfortable, definitely. It looks nice. I see others have had problems with the cylinder, but since I have shortish legs, it's already at the bottom, so that won't be a problem. I bought it because I'm overweight and wanted something sturdy. I believe it's that, although I think I'll have to tighten all bolts in a week or so, just to make sure everything is together. I hope it's going to be with the effort.
I have one that is now 2 years old.  The gas cylinder recently went soft and started dropping.  Wish I'd gotten the big box store 3 year warranty. Big Mistake.  Leather chafes after a while and that's a new chair.  Gas cylinders go bad and that's a new chair.  That's basically a new chair a year for life and that's a great deal.  OK, onward.  FIXING the GAS CYLINDER.  The construction of the support is STOUT, however, it can be damaged by replacing the gas cylinder if you are not careful.  It took me about 60-75 HARD raps with a REAL hammer (not some orange plastic thing or even a soft mallet--I used a real hammer with a smooth surface).  I got a wood block and it's ruined on all 6 sides (top and botton and all four sides).  1/2 way through I learned to spray lubricant on the top and bottom of the Gas Cylinder (inside the support that is).  I let it soak in for 10 minutes and went back to work, about 3 times in a row.  Finally and without ANY Warning the cylinder released.  I was back in business in three more minutes.  This is Repair of Broyhill Executive Chair.Gas Cylinder.  The Cylinder is available online on Amazon and Ebay both.  Be sure to take the roller casters out when you start banging away.  The cylinder came out of the top in two or three raps (use lubricant there also).  But the bottom was a workout!!!  I do like the chair and find it comfortable.  I wish the cylinder was a bit longer lasting, but at $250 on sale (with Tax) it was a great deal.
This is a very nice chair, I have owned three of them in the last 5 years.. Yes I said three. All of them came out of Office Max.  However you need to be aware that this chair will  have problems within the 2nd year of the warranty.  The chair will start to tilt left and right, and the leather pads on the arms will erode long before the first year. Office Max replaced two of these for me since I purchased extended warranties. I am now waiting on replacement of a third chair, but since this is no longer available at Office Max, I have to wait for a &#34;gift card &#34; refund.  I would recommend purchasing a chair with a lifetime warranty, especially for Big and Tall people. This chair is rated for 40 hours a week, and 350lbs or less, but it just doesn't last like it should.
it is too small for the cord that came with my droid or with my kindle. it fits my (standard) earbud cord, but there is not enough room for the earbuds to be inside and protected, which is what I was hoping for. it's a decent enough product that I'm considering trying a larger size, but this particular size isn't good for much.
Im not actually rating this item but rather informing potential buyers to check the vendors website before ordering. The company that is offering this item is listing the item to be out of stock though its not showing here at Amazon that its out of stock.The item is also a Canadian coin counter but is being sold to count USA coins.
I like that it is a perpetual calendar but I have to find a place to put it where it is visible.
Beginning with the positive qualities of this item, it appears to be very sturdy and resistant to wear. It is much stronger than another scale that I bought for the same price. However, this item was in packaging. While this would not normally be a problem, a very adhesive barcode sticker was stuck firmly to the scale, and was very difficult to remove. Even after removing the sticker, there is still residue that remains that I still have not been able to completely remove. Aside from this issue, the scale is in perfect condition. The reason that I gripe about the residue is that it makes it difficult to read the scale and picks up dirt.
I cut holes in it and pretend I am in the porno.It throws a good image. Had to turn the brightness down on my projector however, cause it kept getting in my eyes.It makes me feel sexy!Cons: Stains easily. Won't talk back to me.
Product is good. However, I only received (9) markers per box. Not exactly sure who's responsibility it is to check & verify the boxes are full.
The rings included did not completely match the current members status or the colors meaning the rings did not match the current membersone ring included was orochimaru's who has been out of the akatsuki for a while. one ring I can't identify the symbol or colorother then that the colors on certain symbols do not match what they should one example being kakuzu's ring is blue when its supposed to be something completely differentover all it wasn't worth the price I paid but I'm keeping them cause a couple of rings match perfectly
Zetsu's ring and Orochimaru's ring are way to big for my pinky fingers. All the rings are the same size, and the quality is pretty good.  Some of the colors are off but its not a big problem
So I bought this Sand picture (being the last one in stock) trusting previous reviews about the quality and stability. I am not please to say it was disappointing to find that the back of the poorly-constructed-frame had not been painted, and the cardboard had a  suction cup which had globs of hot glue on (looks obviously cheap). I bought this gift for my mother and I am hesitant to give it to her even after painting the back of the frame and ripping off the cardboard backing. I was hoping for something a little more exquisite with the price range I am in and unfortunately this could have been a better buy. Kind of disappointing. Hopefully she likes it anyway.
I own this item and when my aunt visited, she became obsessed with watching the sand create beautiful landscapes.  I ordered her one, but it arrived in pieces.  I contacted Amazon immediately and they provided everything I needed for a return.  They credited my account as soon as they received the item and notified  me of it's receipt and credit.  Even when things go bad, I can also count on Amazon to make it right.
I give the product itself a thumbs up. Coffee Mate is a good product. What is not good about this is the Distributor! Pay close attention and do not fall victim as I did. From the picture showing three bottles (one each of the flavors available) and the title saying " Total of 2 each," I was under the impression that I was going to receive a total of six bottles; two of each flavor. This was not the case. I received two bottles of one flavor. I overpaid for these two bottles. Had the picture and title not been so deceptive I would have purchased from another distributor. Sorry Hugos, but these are going back to you. I will be getting a refund and taking my business elsewhere!By the way, I took a screenshot of the ad incase anyone wants to dispute my claims.
I'm not overly enthralled with this product.  The watermark that says "100% royal cotton" is easily seen.  I had to search through the box to find pieces of paper that had the watermark near the bottom of a page where it was less noticeable.  Why couldn't the company have just used a crest/fancy symbol or nothing at all?  The weight of the paper is decent.  I also have the company'sWausau Royal Linen  Fine Business Stationery, 8.5 X 11 Inches, Ivory, 100 Count (75158)and it strikes me as a marginally better paper.  Even though theWausau Royal Linen  Fine Business Stationery, 8.5 X 11 Inches, Ivory, 100 Count (75158)is lighter weight., it has a slight texture. Unfortunately, this other option also has a watermark  - the word royal with a recycling symbol.  I don't think I will purchase this company's paper again.  In addition to the watermark, at least twenty of the pages in the box were crumpled and only suitable for scratch paper or draft documents.
The machine's speed is slightly less than I would have expected given the price tag.  But the rage inducing paper loading mechanism is ridiculous.  Loading paper often takes multiple frustrating attempts.  The paper inexplicably falls back out of the machine or (God help you!) rips during loading.  This assumes that you can get the thing to load at all.