This is a standard size folder that fits standard paper of 8.5x11". The folder was sturdy and laminated, so it will hold up nicely. The only caveat is, if you buy a smaller than standard size backpack (for a toddler, for example), this folder will be a bit large for the backpack, but it can be warped to fit in them. A good buy :)
The kids love to get these green tickets to take home and show their parents.  I use the tickets as a raffle for good behavior for the month.  The best child gets $25
WE love these, we get to give a prize now and later- they are very motivating to the students and cut down on the constant prizes for completing a book.  We use the other part as a raffle ticket for a new book.
I use these coupons at the end of each cycle if my students receive 100% HW completion.  I staple them to my bulletin board, and use the stub for a raffle.  The winner receives breakfast on me, usually Dunkin Donuts.
The perfect calendar for this particular year. The graphics are brilliant, captions are simple, and it makes one look to the next month with hopeful anticipation. The most intelligent and beautiful calendar ever. Great Fun!
Can't wait for it to arrive. The pictures looked fantastic, this should be a fun conversation piece for the office.
Artwork is great, such a creative piece to have on your cubicle wall.I've purchased two already.Buy one for a friend, they'll love the survival tips!
This is the coolest calendar!  I'm ordering several to give as gifts.  The idea and art are phenomenal.  Love it!
I've seeen the calendar in person and it ROCKS!  I put it on my Santa's list!  Graphics are amazing and the "helpful" hints are great!
Whoever created this has a serious niche for 2012. Not sure where you came up with the photos, but these look amazing. I took it into work with me the other day and had several coworkers ask me about it. I told them where I found it and now they want one too. lol. I thought it was a great idea myself, but I didn't expect this kind of response. I look forward to getting next years DOOMSDAY Calendar if for some reason it doesn't happen when they say it will. Thanks a lot! -Ryan
Received the calendar very quickly. Love the graphics! Look forward to looking at each new disaster every month!! Would highly recommend it!
This beautiful calendar was given to me by a lovely man in Kentucky.  I like it so much that I ordered one for my brother.  Tony Leonard's exquisite photos of Secretariat are for the ages.
Well worth the money. Fantastic large photos on very nice paper. Lots of history, facts and small pictures included inside.
I have a room called the &#34;Red&#34; room dedicated to Secretariat. The Calender is great service ...great too Thank you very muchI need to order another one.
Secretariat is my favorite athelete of all time. These pictures are beautiful and bring back memories of that incredible moment in history.
I knew Tony Leonard and have seen many of his famous portraits and equine pictures.  Secretariat retired to a horse farm near my home.  He raised interest in racing dramatically  These pictures epitomize his brilliant career.
I didn't buy as a Calendar. I bought as a source for some Horse pimctures. I've always had a love of these magnificent animals and this calendar helped fill-out my collection of pictures.
Very nice looking wallet. Love the crocodile embossed leather. Quality look. Lots of pockets to organize documents. Very happy with my purchase.
These, and all the other Galison Mudpuppy files I've recently bought, are cute, sturdy and come in packs of 8 files with tons and tons of labels.  I appreciate that since I like my labels to be precise and clean.  I can peel off an old label and slip on a new one pretty easily, or just layer away.
Easy to install and easy for my child to access all subjects. Leaning made easier with CD's. he was able to read and listen to all his subjects. Worth every penny!
The Spanish is great. It is super fun, it has games and then little quizes to help the child remember. My third grade can't wait for school so she can start on her spanish.
students loved this lesson
I love the print on the leather and the pages are yummy very thick and inspiring to write poetry on.
I feel good taking it out at meetings, I think it makes a lovely statement.  Would make a good gift as well.
loved it...this is my first time ordering this type of engagement calendar and it will suit my needs very well.  shipped/received and appreciating it very much!
Thinking about moving to Florida and need a good map of Manatee county. This one turned out to be great.
My 3 year old loves astronomy and this Mars Hugg-a-Planet is perfect!. Just the fact that it is labeled with areas on Mars is amazing. I wish they had all planets for sale (even without the labels).
Sometimes you just need some good advice as to where to go fishing or to get gas. This map (and all the others in the series) provides just that. The heavy duty paper won't rip and you can fold it anyway you like. We have all of them for the Columbia River and use them to figure out where we want to go, and then work out our route with our charts and GPS. The seller is also very prompt and informs you when it's shipped.
I had to buy this responsecard xr for a few of my large classes that required it to take attendance, it works perfectly and have not had any problems with it.
I got it for 4.99$ plus 5$ shipping(not sure if it was intentional). Works as intended.there is no point in buying a new one when you can buy used one.
I ordered a turningpoint response card and got it on time. The sender sent me an e-mail explaining why he had to ship it late, everything was convenient. Good job!
THANK YOU SO MUCH IT WORKS LIKE A CHARMI REALLY NEEDED ITAND IT WAS AT A LOW PRICE AND WORKS PERFECT.
These cards are quality, good size too for sending photos.  Very pleased with this Amazon purchase.  Will look for more Sanderson products.
I recently purchased these 2 volumes and am overjoyed with the content. William Cunningham was a passionate scholar in the reformed tradition (1805-1861) who shows the importance and significance of many essential doctrines including the person and work of Christ and the heretical views such as the Arian Controversy and the humanitarian view of Socinianism. Cunningham also gives ample historical proof of the early church fathers biblical understanding of God as Triune, and exposes the error of Sabellianism. In addition several other doctrines of grace are expounded including the radical depravity of man after the fall, justification and the perseverance of the saints. I recommend this work very highly.
High quality calender, very sexy, perfect for man cave.  Was hoping there would be one each year but her time must have come and gone as this was the only year.
If you like real men you'll love this calendar. The images are awesome and the Bear Events listed by each month will be an indispensible reference throughout the year. I actually bought 5 of these calendars. One for me and the others I will give to friends. I'm sure they'll love it as much as I do. 2009 Bear Hunter Calendar
I almost gave up waiting for this calendar to be delivered, two weeks!!But...it was worth it!
THIS IS NO CALENDAR OF TWINKIES.  THESE ARE REAL MEN......HUSKY AND HAIRY. I PURCHASED THIS AS A GIFT BUT HAVE DECIDED TO KEEP IT~ I ORDERED HIM ANOTHER........THE 2XX BEAR CALENDAR. BEST HOLIDAY WISHES FROM DENNISTHEMENACE48 ON EBAY..........DENNIS
the quality of this calendar is great; aside from the very masculine handsome men featured each month: the size of the pages and pictures themselves is a nice larger than usual size (to at least jot notes and important dates on); and the quality of the paper and the photo prints is great. a great calendar, a great value , and very hot men
Out of the 13 models, only one fails to do anything for me; that says something right there. The models are older than the usual, from late 30's and up. Poses are relaxed and natural. The models themselves look natural, not excessively clipped, styled, or coiffed. Fair warning to those buying this as a gift: "Bears" means real men with a lot of body hair - no waxing here! As long as that's what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed.I only wish Amazon would provide thumbnails of the models so buyers could see exactly what they were getting.
While not every model is what I call a bear - in fact March is completely hairless - but his other endowments do compensate...very satisfied overall.  Nice variety of shapes and looks.  Great service from Amazon provider also.
This is the 3rd time I've ordered an Oregon calendar created by Steve Terrill. They are beautiful and remind me of many of the places I've visited and still have to visit.I received a nice thank you note from Steve with my latest order and a free copy of his coastal Oregon calendar.  I will continue to order these calendars every year.Thank you Steve!!!
One of the nicest picture calenders of Oregon.  He does a nice job every year.  Now that I live away I can get a little &#34;fix&#34; of Oregon with this calender.
I ordered this from bestbookscfa, and the delivery was very prompt. This is such a great bargain for my money, and it came with LOTS of study materials to help me pursue the CFA. I went through each pdf (including the 6 bonus material sets, which was more than I was expecting) to make sure all the pages were there, and nothing seems to be missing (they're each about 300-400+ pages of materials). I really appreciate this because it allows me to study on my Kindle while I commute to and from work. Note: I'm currently studying for level one, but wanted some insight to the difference in level two, so I bought both levels from bestbookscfa. I'll leave my review for the level one materials on that product site, which will be just as positive. If level three was available I'd purchase that also. If I remember, I'll come back and post whether this helps me pass the exam next year.
I love my WICKED calendar!!  I would buy one from here every year as the service was stellar  :)
This is a super great planner! I love Wicked so much, and it has tons of great pictures and tons of space for you to write down your business. I expected more pictures of Idena Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth (there are only one) but whatever. I'll live.
I recieved this for christmas and love it. The pictures inside are full color and great. There is enough space to write your appointments and dates in. My question is this...... why is amazon selling this book for $57 when the back of the book by the price shown at the ISBN# is U.S. $14.95?
Is a nice looking bookmark that shows the cover of the book that inspire it.
I ordered this little book to keep a record of everything in my life all in one place. I had one that was a dayplanner and carried it in my bag everywhere for a year. The pages are acid-free, the magnetic latch is still in great condition as is the cover. I'm buying more of these for gifts. I highly recommend this book.
Paperblanks Dayplanner-Mini-Foiled-Day at a TimeThis was a gift for someone else - a yearly update/replacement. This is just the right format, with a different pattern on the cover. That's something that Paperblanks changes from year to year. And there are many size and format options, so it took a while to find what I wanted with a suitable cover. That I did through an Amazon store, and the service was good - I received it quickly and in time for Christmas giving. Paperblanks products are of impeccable quality and worth the search.
This is my second paperblanks diary and I was not disappointed.  The diary is very functional and really meets my everyday work needs. The diary is big enough for me to put all my appointments into it but also small enough for me to fit into my hand bag.  It is also not very heavy.  I love the design on the front and my colleagues asked me where I bought it from when I initally bought it.
This makes a wonderful, classy gift!  It was very well received as a birthday gift by the women I gave it to.
I love how unique this journal is, and for any who love to write by hand, I'd highly recommend this one. It's not like anything I've seen before, and that appealed to me.
Placed in my wallet and is so convenient, I love the design I only wish it maybe was plastic wrapped instead of plain paper but I still love it...
This is a very helpful resource for any teacher of math or special education. I highly recommend purchasing the version related to your grade and possibly going one up or one down for extension or intervention ideas.
Good street level map of the Hillsbough county area.  While there are also paper fold up maps for the car, this is a small book form.
I love this calander, I plans to use the pictures instead of table numbers at my wedding.
Love this calemdar. The space between the lines are perfect.  This was a gift for my elderly sister in law, and she loves it.
This perpetual calendar is beautiful.  It's slender and long, so it easily  fits into small spaces, even if you want to hang it inside your pantry on the side wall!  It's easy to flip through the pages to see the upcoming birthdays and anniversaries.  There's plenty of room for writing, too.  I've given this as a gift which was well received, and I'm ordering another for myself!
These are the best birthday calenders since sliced bread.  I not only use them for birthdays but also for &#34;events&#34; and very special days I want to remember.  I gave  some as a gift also and they were so happy had never seen them before.
Perputual calendar --- just what I wanted.  No years, just months and dates (one month per page)  Great for hanging on the wall and reminding you of important dates to remember.  IE birthdays, anniversary, special occasions (graduation, bar/bat mitzvah's) super buy.  I bought a few and am using them as gifts.
Probably one of the best gifts I have ever given my mom...actually got the Knock Knock &#34;Awesome&#34; book for my dad and he loved it as well... Great gift - especially to give something a little different, and much better than just a card.
I purchased a few calendars for a few buddies of mine.  I liked the calendar so much I think I am going to buy some more including one for me.  I hope Rootsrock comes out with some other content like video footage or something because I can't get enough of these girls!  I can only imagine what's in store for the Ladies of the Caribbean - 2009 calendar.I recommend this calendar as a holiday gift, 5 stars!!!!Chris
I have this calendar, and it is unbelievable.  Guys, let's face it, Caribbean women aren't exactly well represented in the fashion world.  If that's what you're looking for, this calendar's got it.  These girls are hot.
This is totally a hot calendar. Beautiful black and latin women. Never seen anything like this before! Rootsrock is giving SI a run for its money. I have both this the SI calendar, but this one is going on my wall... no doubt!
If you want to look at gorgeous ladies year round BUY THIS CALENDAR you won't regret it.MISS FEB. 2008
Roots Rock Inc has put together an amazing Calendar showing the beauty of women from the Caribbean. It has a stunning collection of images with gorgeous girls representing the diversity of the Carribean. There is something for everyone in this calendar. I reccomend it as a gift or just a collectors item for everyone. If you know someone who loves exotic women, it doesn't get any better than this calendar.- Alicia the "cover girl" representing the Island of Jamaica.
Great, quick, service.  The calendar exceeded the expectations of my daughter, who is a devoted and accomplished high school runner (cross-country, indoor, and outdoor track). She plans to continue running at the college level, and this calendar was at the top of her Christmas list.  She likes the large size of the calendar, the scenic and inspiring pictures, and all the "extras", especially the training and motivational tips.
I am just starting to run, with a goal of losing 20 pounds.  I bought this calendar in hopes that it would motivate me when I see it every day- and I was right.  The pictures are great, there are tips and quotes, and there are even races noted on the calendar.  I'd definitely recommend it for anyone who likes to run or just needs some extra motivation to get outside!
Two positive features of the calendar  are it has  a strong format and it incorporates great advice.  The pictures are well done also!
I love journals so this was perfect. It's smaller so you can take it with you. If you like Alice in wonderland this is perfect for you.
But who's looking at the dates anyway? It's a nice calendar with cute guys, nice to see what's under the white shirt and black tie. I'm fairly certain Mitt never looked this good. They are only shirtless, but that has got to be scandalous by Mormon standards, so I guess we are lucky they went this far. I would have liked to at least see how well they fill out their "magic underwear".  Their pictures are spread over both pages when open, with the month grid taking up the bottom quarter. This just means there is a seam in the ab region. You can't cut off the calendar and frame just the picture. If you try to seperate each month you only get his head, shoulders and pecs, the rest of his picture will be on the back of the next guys picture. Just one month, Michael, in June is complete, and he's got a staple in his stomach. My favorite is Mr. December, Ken. I'm sure he would not be pleased. Too bad, that's what happens when you're in a beefcake calendar dude!
I first came across this notebook in the UCLA Bookstore on a campus visit with my son.  For about 1/3 the price of a Moleskin or other "Luxury" Notebook, I was very impressed with this little book.  I am a lover of fountain pens and I found that this notebook worked great with my Faber-Castell and my Noodlers Ahab fountain pens - both which lay down a lot of ink.  While there was a small amount of feathering and very light bleed through, it was more than acceptable for a notebook in this price range.What's more the LEFT hand page is BLANK while the right hand page is ruled.  This gives you the best of both worlds in my opinion as you have room to sketch and room to document - or you can focus on filling journals by only writing on one page as I often do when I have one that has ANY bleed through.  While it can be satisfying to see a notebook filled with text on every page, it can also be annoying and confusing to see the words muddied with ink bled through on the back side page.I am glad I found these on amazon as UCLA does not offer them online.  My only complaint? I wish they were available via prime shipping.I think this is great little notebooks for the price.
very helpful for students and adults alike. good reference for all those pesky spelling rules. Its called the SPELLING FLIPPER!
The map is clear. It is indexed. The map indicates important venues in the city. The map is very easy to use.
I am still looking at this as I am typing it was NOT a disappointment I actually went back and ordered and have the 2013 calendar from same sellerLove it!
Highly recommended, great pad, looks great, friends love it a million times.  It is nice.  Great for the price.  I am happy that I bought it.  Great service.
Excellent service!!  They personally contacted me to let me know the status of my order and when I should expect it to arrive.
GREAT FOR LOTS OF PHOTOS AT ALL ONE TIME When you have a bunch of photos to print this is the way to go.INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO DO IT (FILM FACTORY) COME WITH THE PRINTER AND WORK GREAT Epson provides instructions how to set this up, so there is just no waste and it prints very smoothly and very quickly.SINCE NO SEPARATE PAPER FEED PRINTS VERY FAST.  Usually the thing that takes a long time in a printer is the paper queuing up.  Getting it all set up and then fed in.  This eliminates that.HAVE DONE 40-45 PHOTOS THIS WAY AND ALL TURNED OUT AS EXPECTED I used up the free roll they give you with an order of an Epson 890 (worth about 20 4X6 prints) and then came back for more.NO WASTE, EASY TO SET UP AND REMOVE This is easy to set up, no waste and easy to take down.THE ONLY COMPLAINT IS CURL The only negative is the strong curl your prints have.  A night or two under a book helps.Great product, I'm coming back for more.
First of all very nicely packed, reusable box. Absolutely the same quality as the photo paper in sheets. Easy to use. Excellent printout quality. A little minus, prints tend to keep its original shape, roll. Takes time to flatten 'em. After all they come in the roll. Overall - I'm very satisfied. *****
Since my printer (and the software) allows roll printing I finally got the roll paper to try it and it is really great when printing many photos as you often do for the holidays. This supplier provided the roll at an economical price, making it a good deal all around.
I use an Epson 1280.  The prints are great.In order to have borderless prints at 2880 dpi, your only alternative is to use the roll paper.  If you want borderless prints and you use sheets, then you can only print at 1440 dpi. With the roll paper, you can achieve that at 2880dpi.  That's why it is best to use the roll paper.I have read some reviews here that complain about the curl of the paper.  It is simple to correct this.  I do my prints and then let them stay on a long roll for 24 hours to dry. Then you simply roll the paper in the opposite direction of the curl and then when you unroll, the paper is straight and ready to be cut.  It's that simple.
I'm not sure how well this would work on other printers, but for the Epson Stylus Photo 875DC and 875DCS, it's great. These printers actually come with a roll attachment that allows you to slide on this banner roll and print. Plus, the drivers actually allow you to specify that you're printing off this roll and on this type of paper. It's great, easy as pie, and HIGHLY recommended.The print quality on this Glossy photo paper is also incredible. I've experienced no fading problems so far, and I treat my photos like any user would (ie: throw them on the desk and sorta forget about them until I clean).
When doing borderles 4"X6" prints with an Epson Stylus Photo 2200 printer, You save lots of ink when using a roll instead of 4"X6" sheets.
These are premium glossy photo papers; The ink dries instantly the picture colors and quality match regular 35mm prints. Don't settle for less; recently I purchase low quality Kodak high gloss paper, the price is less 200 4x6 sheets for $[money], but the results are disastrous. The ink smudges because it does not dry as quickly, and the surface is sticky, you can not insert it into the photo album's clear plastic envelopes, and the pictures are grainy not as smooth as epsons photo paper.
This products works well with my Epson printer, which does not have a transparency setting. I print out one page at a time to avoid smearing. It does take a few days for the ink to dry but this is may be because of the no transparency setting. They come out clear and crispy and are easy to use.
What can you do? If you want the film to work in printers and large copiers, this is the going rate for 100 sheets. The sheets are strong, didn't smudge at all on big copiers or on small PC printers. You can write on, or print, either one worked well.
I'm not tech savvy at all, and I wondered if this would work for what I had in mind. Having looked at the description and reviews, I wasn't sure. But compared to other products available, I thought I'd give it a try. It's now on my favorites list. No smudges, no problems. I have a Canon ImageClass D480 and a Lexmark C544dn. Works great on both.
This transparency goes through my laser jet printer with ease. It drys immediately. I would highly recommend this product  Smile
We use this film as protected covers to printed documents. It is very durable and works well for this application.
We use these to create product templates to ensure the parts are within a minimum spec size.  They hold their tolerance very nice and are easy to use in the printer.  Never a jam, just nice clean copies.
I am hobbyist and do thing here and there,I am  working on one of my project where i need to enlarge drawings.Found decent over head projector on Ebay now I needed  transparency film looked at my big stationary retailer.I was surprised by the price difference so decided to buy from Amazon.I am using quite old printer HP 750 copier scanner and printer.I was skeptical about results I red in reviews that ink smudges,Interestingly I am using generic refill ink cartridge home refilled.I used copier and one page at a time results are amazingprint came out professional quality and I am one happy person with by purchase.
works great with laser printers, relatively cheap. A good overall buy. Would recommend this product to people wanting transparencies. Save yourself some time and just get these.
A box of these transparencies was kindly left in my room by the outgoing teacher.  They seem slightly heavier than most, I really like them.
our school isn't flush with money so this was a great product at a great price that allows our teachers to work with the technology they have and not over spend in the process.
This is first class high quality film that feeds through our Ricoh copier at high speed without jambs or difficulty.  Lower price films seem to build strong static charges that cause sticking together and jambing in copiers.  Also, stacking the 3M film after printing is much easier with 3M's weaker static charge build up.  This 3M film costs more than some, but is the only material that I found to be functional for high speed auto feeding in our laser copier.  Staples and other lower cost brands are literally unworkable for even single sheet feeding, as it jambs fairly consistently.  Note that this transparency film does not have a removable sensing strip as the 3M PP2200 film.
works just like it said it would. clear printing. great quality. worked great for the event we needed it for.
I don't use these for their intended purpose.  I have a tutoring business and use these with my students.  Rather than use a lot of copy paper and toner, my students can clip a sheet to a workbook page and use a wet erase marker to answer questions or solve problems on the transparency.  This makes both the sheet and the workbook reusable, which I call win-win.
These sheet go thru the printer and hold onto the ink quite well.  As with most 3M products the quality is very good.  My wife uses this product in place of cardstock sometimes while stamping and greeting card making.
The product came quickly and in excellent condition!  I will use this supplier again.  These are sturdy enough to go through a copier which is handy when there is not a document camera available.
save a lot of money buying here instead to go to the shop. Very competitive price. Same quality as the shop
My wife uses this transparency film for the overhead projector in her classroom. She prints on it using a laser printer. There are several similar products, but this one is the best price I have been able to find anywhere.
If you need a transparency film for xerox copiers this is the perfect film.  It does exactly what it says it can do.  The guys at the copy shop who helped me load it into his machine was a little skeptical because it didn't have a white line or tab on it that he's used to seeing, but we showed him.  In fact, one of this paper's selling point is that it doesn't have or need that tab.  I recommend this film for its intended use!
I was looking for a solution for our Xerox Phaser since Xerox discontinued their transparency films.  I expose them to water for overlay purposes and I never lose a line when wet.  Works great in wax/crayon Phasers.
This is great I will have plenty and some to share w/ friends if neededBest ever must tryThanks
Excellent product. I use to purchase it from Office Depot but they stopped carrying it. The brand they sell is not good.
I have been using transparencies for quite some time and these are by far the best, easiest and most versatile. I am using these with my color laser printer and they work flawlessly.Do keep in mind that they ARE transparencies so unless you have the best printer in the world, you will see through the toner.
With the combination of having a laminator, this product is perfect. I made the tags as a gift and they turned out wonderful! They aren't bulky (which I prefer) so they are more flexible and less likely to damage whatever they are attached to!
We used these to create personalized luggage tags as a favor for an event. Out of several packages, one tag was damaged, but we had enough to spare. These do require a laminator, but they turn out sturdy and looking great!
Better and cheaper than I could find in office supply stores. 5 mil is perfect thickness for these luggage tags.
I haven't used these on a trip yet, but did go as far as making the personalized tags and laminate them and they worked great.  Very happy with my purchase.  Having these will make it so much easier to spot my bags at baggage claim.
Hard to seal with just an iron. Iron set on low heat works best, but this is a small problem. Very economical. Can be trimmed and sized to whatever you need. Just what I needed.
I purchased a package of these and a package of the Scotch self sealing pouches at the same time.  IF you have a laminator (which I do) these are a much better deal since with this brand you get 25 pouches and 25 loops vs. just 5 and 5 with the Scotch self sealing variety.  These were just a few dollars more than the Scotch for 5 times as much product.  Also, they are the perfect size for luggage if using a business card inside the pouch. The Scotch self sealers are larger and actually look slightly too large for a business card.  All in all this is a stellar deal, as long you have a laminator.  I bought one of those (made by Scotch) last year on a "gold box" deal for about $15.
Exactly as described.  I used business cards and it went just fine.  However, my first try was with a laminator that automatically uses plastic covering, and that didn't look very good.  Went and used a laminator that just uses heat (covered the tags with a paper carrier and fed them through).  They turned out just fine!
Useful way to make luggage tags for yourself and family. Great way to travel with beautiful luggage tags. Durable and unique!
These are very high quality.  Note they must be used with a laminating machine.  My son had fun designing his own luggage tag for a trip.  I am going to make some for folks to tag Christmas gifts...then they can use them later!  Very reasonably priced and strong!  It comes with 50 but I will buy again as needed.  Would make a great craft project for groups.
These worked great for making luggage tags for my upcoming trip.  I used to be a teavel agent and gave these away to my clients , so glad I found them again.
I like these tags. They're well made and come in handy -- you never know when you might need them. Great stuff!
Works great. I run them through the laminator twice to get good adhesion and clarity. Straps are a great bonus.
The laminating supplies work great.  Wish the &#34;store&#34; was nearby so I could see what other good stuff they have.
For what it is, its awesome. I made hundreds of product labels for our business and every one laminated perfectly.
I used these for wedding favors, and it worked great.  I recommend.Need a lamination machine to complete the project
I needed to label some gift bags for a work project, and gave these a shot.  They worked perfectly and looked great!  I had no problems laminating them, and they were done fairly quickly.  Would definetely use again!
These laminating pouches and lanyards are really slick. When you use them with a Fellowes laminator they work perfectly. They produce a very professional looking high quality laminate tag. Can't wait to label more of our luggage and personal sports bags.
I like to use luggage tags for party favors and this 50 pack did the trick! The luggage tags work very well and are cheaper for me to buy on Amazon then buying it here in Hawaii since products are usually shipped to us for an extra price!
I just put my business card inside and made these myself even without a laminating machine.  I simply laid down a towel on a table, put the pouch with my business card down then covered it with a dishtowel and put the iron on top for awhile until the pouch laminated.  If the edges needed more I'd iron around the edge of the business card until well sealed.  You can really mess this up.  And getting 25 with loops.  I put these on by backpack, luggage, cases, etc.  Works great.  Go for it.
Having shopped in the brick-and-mortar stores for this product, I was extremely pleased with the on-line price!  The luggage tags (I use them to identify lots of things besides luggage) are top quality and very handy to have on hand.
We use these for everything.  at work and home.  The lamination if very strong.  My kids love making things with them.
It arrived the next day! works perfectly with my laminator!
Very quick and good way to identify my luggage.  Just laminated my business cards in minutes. Highly reccomendations for any laminating job.
When I go on a trip I like to put a prominent luggage tag on almost everything.  Not just the checked bags, but carry on, sling bag, camera etc.I used these with an inexpensive "Purple Cows" laminator (which I recommend as well), which you can buy on Amazon. (yes, you will need a laminator)  They are very easy to use, and laminate well, without gaps or air bubbles.  For personal stuff I simple used a return address label with my home address which I put inside the sleeve.  For business items, a business card.So far I'm very satisfied.  The only negative I see is that the plastic is very thin, thinner than some other laminated tags I've seen.  Although they are holding up, I worry that if they were snagged on something, they tear could pull lose from the cord.  However, so far, so good.Overall I can recommend these, good quality, easy to use, and you can't beat the price.UPDATE:  We recently returned from a trip out of the country.  These tags were on our checked luggage adn carry on.  They survived a couple of plane changes, plus the extra handling bags get going through Customs.  When I got home the tags were still attached and intact.
This was exactly what I was looking for, it was cheap, and is actually a very good product.  The pouches are a perfect thickness for use as actual luggage tags, and it comes with the loops!  Im very happy with this purchase!
Our family of 4 went on a boy scout trip Acadia Maine with 58 people for 9 days everything we took had to be marked so we used these tags. Great product.
Fellowes Hot Laminating Pouches, Luggage ID Tag with Loop, 5 mil, 25 Pack (52003)MY FELLOWES LIMINATING POUCHES, LUGGAGE ID TAG WITH LOOP, 5 MIL, 25 PACK CAME ON TIME AS PROMISE. I LOST MY LUGGAGE TAG ON MY SUITCASES. I FINALLY FOUND A WAY TO REPLACE MY TAGS WITHOUT ANY GREAT COST TO ME. I'M VERY HAPPEN WITH LAMINATING POUCHES JUST USE A BUSINESS WITH ALL MY INFORMATION.
I use these all the time for golf bag tags. The smaller tag doesn't get bent as easily and is easy to use with business cards.
We use these all the time to put bag tags on the ladies golf bags for our invitational. Perfect !!
Very nice quality at a very reasonable price! Worked well in my Purple Cow Laminator also, I would not hesitate to purchase again!
I ran out of luggage tags so got these as replacements.  Works fine with my laminator so that's all that counts!
Great Price, Worked as Advertised! Save money by not buying fancy personalized bag tags or just laminating ID cards. Simple, do it yourself!
I don't understand the complaint in another review as these were the right size for business cards: I've laminated several of my "official" standard size business cards as well as some of the Avery clean edge business cards with no problem at all.  This is so easy even my 8 year old was able to do a couple with minimal instruction.The package comes with two packages inside: one containing the laminate / film and the other with the heavy duty plastic tags.  I'd recommend just slitting the tops off of the main bag as well as the two inside bags of the film and tags in order to keep them for easier storing, otherwise parts just seem to go everywhere.I initially bought the 25 pack as I was trying this version out, but if you will look here on Amazon the 50 count bag is just a couple of dollars more than the 25 count bag and is more economical.
I volunteer for United Cerebral Palsy.  And this year we gave new lunch bags to the clients.  We printed in color everyone's name on business size labels and enclosed them in the pouches.  The names are big, bright and colorful, so the staff can read them when we prepare their lunches.  So  you see you need to be creative.  There not only for luggage,  We are planning on doing the same things for names on their lockers.
These work great for business cards, put their card in and laminate it, give it back to them and they've got a luggage tag!
I ordered these with my new laminator to replace luggage tags. These are a good stiffness after laminating and are worth the price.
Great product!I like to use luggage tags for party favors and this 50 pack did the trick! The luggage tags work very well and are cheaper for me to buy on Amazon then buying it here in Hawaii since products are usually shipped to us for an extra price!
I own a travel agency, and I love to make little gifts for my clients.  I get business cards from them and turn them into baggage tags with my heat laminator.
we had 8 suitcases and a bunch of carryons to label and to buy the leather tags would have cost more than the trip itself so we bought these and they held up perfectly...we made a few extra for the return trip home in case some where ruined in the baggage claim but they were all intact and in great shape for our next trip!! the format is easy to use too
5mils plastic for luggage tags. They work very nice with my Costco purchased machine.I do recommend them. Also at a great price.
these have been great for making luggage tags for conference items that we use for work, shipping back and forth and traveling on airplanes.
These tags are versatile and durable!  We first bought them a couple of years ago to make luggage tags after someone gave us a laminator (that we had NO idea what to do with).  We've since expanded into making name tags, bag, tags, gift tags, etc!  They are durable even on our little one's diaper, lunch and school bags.Also, I am a bit of a klutzy laminator, so even the times that I accidentally put 2 through too close together, it was easy to peel back the tags from each other, re-run it through the machine, and they came out great!Pros: The tags are durable and hold up well. They don't peel or bend easily.  You can use them for so many things, PLUS, they come with the loops!!Cons:  The only con, which is probably more of a pro, is that the tags are thick enough that for a home laminator, you have to sometimes run it through the machine 2x for it to fully seal.This time around, we're making nametags for goodie bags for the little one's bithday. Love love love these.
These are for the do it your self person. You create your own luggage tags on the computer, put them in the provided tags and laminate them. It comes with plastic loops to put on your luggage. It was great because I was able to put the information I wanted on the tags I created on the computer. Then I cut them out put them in the plastic holders and laminated them. It was quick and easy. I highly recommend this product for the Do it yourself person if your not that kind of person or you do not own a lamenting machine do not purchase this product.
I have ordered numerous packages and they are an amazing product. On once purchase, using regular shipping methods I think I got them in a DAY! Thank you, love these. They are exactly what I was looking for, and the price is great!
Heavy duty and useful size. I've used it for luncheon favors, for gift tags, and for luggage ID. There are as many uses as you can create, I think. Quality is the main plus.
These are as thick as most inexpensive laminating machines will utilize.  But still thin for tags although it takes some very hard yanking on it to pull it apart.  You can buy thin zip ties and other luggage tag types but these are fun to make through your laminating machine and will do the job well.  If you are afraid of them being detached, you can put another one on the other side of the item.  Or wrap it around a handle and secure with tape.  But the design function of these are made to be light duty although it takes a lot to rip them from the item.
There were a group of us traveling and we made luggage tags to match so we could find our luggage quickly at the airport. We used print your own business card for inside the pouches. We put the business address and cell phone numbers on the tags. Works great.
Shipped & arrive as described.  It's nice to have it as travel tag or my son's backpack tag since my 7 year old son always lost his staff at school.I would recommend to all parents.
I purchased these so I could laminate our cruise luggage tags.  They worked very well.  I did need to trim just a bit off the printed tags to make sure they would laminate properly.  I have extras, which I am sure will come in handy in the future.
These were perfect for what I wanted.  They made perfect Christmas presents and were easy to use.  Everything I needed was included.
This is a well built wonderful toy.  We hide things in it for our son to find, he carries hidden treasure and builds stories about what is hidden inside.  This is a fabulous and durable toy that you can use as a tool carrier, matchbox car garage or dinosaur hideout.  It builds imaginations and lasts!
I purchased this box for my son, it is exactly what we need to help with his motor skills. The box is well made and durable as are all of the locks. I have looked at other boxes similar to this one and they were all cheaply made but this one will last forever.
I bought this for my 3 year old son- he is really into keys and locks, latches, buttons etc. This is much much sturdier than I expected. It is on the heavy side(for a toy) because its real wood, and the craftsmanship is excellent; everything is sanded and put together nicely.It shipped extremely fast as well. This toy is great for fine motor skill practicing especially for children who will not sit long to color (my son will spend hours on this but only 2 minutes coloring.)this toy is VERY sturdy. I read reviews for another lock and latches box by another company and the main complaint was it seemed flimsy. I'm glad I decided on this one! This toy will last a lifetime- well worth the price.**I was just sitting here wrapping this up for Christmas and I found a date stamp on the bottom. It was made the day I ordered it! Literally. Talk about service. It smells fresh and new as well. I'm very impressed!
Our son is now four and still plays with this box, he stores all his little toys in there. Loves to hide things in there.
I bought this for my Autistic nephew. It was a HUGE hit! The different versions of lock and the small compartment kept him interested for many hours. Day after day he played with this toy. The price was not great but the overall satisfaction was impeccable! The product is made of a good solid wood and holds up well to some beating.
I gave this product 5 starts because I can't stress how much my boys love this box, especially my 2 1/2 year old who has been obsessed with doors and latches since he was one. Also, the box is very high quality construction. Despite it's greatness, I can say that my boys would not have this box if it wasn't for their Nana who will spend anything on the perfect Christmas gift. I'm not sure why this little box is so much money. They've got to be making a huge profit. Or maybe I underestimate the materials and construction cost. Either way, you might find the Melissa and Doug latches board to be just as suitable. It's only around $15 and my son loves that one too.
I purchased a similar box from Back To Basics Toys and was very disappointed in the quality.  Then, I found this box from Tag Toys ... I should have ordered this one first!  It is very well made and the doors are straight (unlike the one I got from Back To Basics). The hardware works great and we are very happy with it.  If you are looking for a lock box, I would definately recommend this one.
Though my grandson isn't into it yet I was happy to find something so well built and well finished. it was worth the money
This is well made, durable, and lots of fun for toddlers. My son (22 months) loves it! Great developmental toy.
I've had this for 3 years and it has held up well. It is fun for kids from about 1.5 to 4, I'd say.  Just don't get the metal parts wet because they'll rust.  I was cleaning it with a light bleach mixture to disinfect and that was a mistake. But then I sanded and oiled it and it still works fine. A high quality product.
We bought the LX-570 to let our son use it to laminate his yu-gi-oh cards and it works great! This is the only cartridge we've used so far and we have to order another. We even used it to protect our SS cards and other important cards. The laminate sticks great, easy to use, minimal air bubbles and when using this on a slightly covered card already (such as my sons, they come with some kind of film over them but not enough to really protect them) this stuff will peel back off if need be, but you have to go slow. Highly recomended!
This paper is great for color flyers and posters, plus it can print on both sides. It is much cheaper than photo paper. I use it a lot, but it is getting very difficult to find.
Works well as a cost effective substitute for vellum. HP paper is very consistent and this is no exception. I will be purchasing again.
Worked as well, if not better, than any transparency I have used in the past.
I print all of my presentations on this paper. Colors look great and the paper isn't translucent at all so nothing shows through when it is pinned up.
good weight on these double weight matte paper for my stylus.  You can't go wrong w/ purchasing original epson paper
This paper is well finished and prints and feeds well in my large format printer.  Single weight does not feed or print consistently well, this Double Weight does.  Prints hold up well too with this.
Love this doubleweight-matte paper by Epson. I use it with my Epson 9900 and have never had a problem with it. The color quality is great, both for delicate lines and full-bleed matte photos. Ink dries instantly on this media and never smudges. The Epson paper stays flatter post-print then other generic papers I've used of the same paper-weight. 44" is a size specific to Epson, so if you are looking for 44" heavy stock, this is the paper to choose.
this is exactly what i was looking for.  used it to make a bunch of prints.  always looking very sharp and low reflectivity just as i like it.
Great paper. fast delivery. Can't wait to use it. Good  price, tremendous value. I would recommend this to anyone looking for paper.
I use these along with my overhead projector to transfer images to make very large art pieces.  Must have them.
If you still use an overhead projector, these transparencies are the cat's meow.  You can copy color transparencies from the computer and get pictures and copy that would be impossible to reproduce for an overhead any other way, or at least at great expense.  Well worth the investment.
I've read the complaints about 'registration' ie. getting the label to line up properly in the printer and on top of the CD/DVD; and complaints about bubbles; and the software. They're valid complaints. It took me a while to get the knack of getting the 'registration' to work (I use a 'thick' CD caddie to get the label to line up with the disc) and 'rolling' the plastic so that the adhisive doesn't trap bubbles (you can't get them out once you have them) and getting used to the software. To create the artwork (graphics & much of the text) I use Adobe PhotoShop, then I import it into the software. Bottom line is that I can make professional looking labels with this product, so I've bought it before and I'll buy it again - about one package / year.
Avery labels are high quality.  These labels work great.  I use them for printing my music cd artwork on, and then place that artwork on gold or white faced cds.  I use these labels on my cd titles Music by James Limborg 2007, Music by James Limborg 2008, and Music by James Limborg 2009.
The Avery 08694 are a clear glossy label and unlike others labels I Have used, These labels stick tight to th CD and without the bubbling up.  These labels are very clear, no yellow effect.The Advertisment for this label says 30 pack, but you get 40 labels in this pack.Now if Avery would let the post office ship this package it would save $4.00 per shippment
Commenter Hogan is right; see his comment in these pages.I use a Fellowes NEETO label application "cheater."1. Place the label upside down (sticky side up) over the spring loaded center post.2. Place the disc, with label side down on the cheater stand over the center post.3. With fingers on the inside, non-recorded disc surface next to the hole in the disc, slowly and firmly press the disc onto the label.4. Turn the disk with label over, and place over the center post.5. Always starting from the inside, slowly slide your flattened fingertip over the label's surface to stick it down and removing or moving bubbles at the same time.6. Repeat Step 5 as needed to move bubbles to the outer edge of the disk into enternity.Voila!
I think I managed to find the only package of these left in existence here on amazon.com. The white labels tend to cause the DVD to jam or skip in some computer drives, but these clear ones don't.  I simply 'eyeball' the placement onto the DVD and haven't had any problems.  There are many design templates to choose from on avery.com.  You simply add your text and print. You can also save the designs to your computer.  No need to download any software - just use the online templates.They don't make these anymore, which is unfortunate because I don't have a laser printer and am, therefore, unable to use the Avery clear labels for use with a laser printer.I guess this review is worthless now, since these labels aren't available anymore.
Works great in a HP 500!  I don't know how important the coated paper is.  I can't tell the difference for my use of archtectural plots
Awesome and tough to find these days!  These served my purpose well and at a fair price!  Office supply stores are much more expensive!!
Love these and easy to use. You really can not put it though twice though if you mess up. I have only used it on a laser printer because that's what it says it's for. Awesome price so I don't wince too much when I mess up. I'll only buy these from now on.
As a school teacher I have used these in my classes with great success. They are perfect for use with an overhead projector and probably the best value in transparency film (pages) today. Highly recommended.
For those considering this overhead transperency film, only order it for use with laser printers or laser copy machines. It is not intended for inkjets and needs the laser fuser to "burn in" the image. It works great with the correct printer/copy machine.
These worked fine in my black and white laser printer with minimal warping, so if you have to print out a lot for a class, using this product can save you a ton of money.
This transparency film worked great along with my laser printer. I was using it so that I could make some screen printed images and a film with the image on it is needed to burn into the screen. There was no smudging and the image was crisp and clear.
Tried this because of the price. It works just as well as the higher priced products.Will order again when we run out.
Came on time.  Used it to make storage sleeves for my Cuttle Bug dry embossing folders.  Have recommended this to friends.
It works on my laser printer. Only after receiving the product did I realize there is another type of film made by the same company, specifically for laser printers. This is technically for copiers (same premise, I know).
Product was as advertised.  This item worked fine in the Savin copier at my workplace that was notorious for having transparencies melt in the printer causing costly repair.  Would be a repeat buyer.
High temperature film is the only thing that should be used in copy machines.  This is a good product if you need to make copies on a transparency.
Did exactly what it's supposed to do. Printed lovely color images for my wedding on transparency paper. Thrilled with the results.
I love the full face cd label option not offered with the majority of label systems out there.  Why do people want to see the clear plastic center of the cd?...beats me.  More companies should start offering the full face option (fellowes has a kit but it is the only other one out there) since imation decided to discontinue this EXCELLENT kit that offered glow in the dark labels as well as glossy.
If you own the Canon Selphy printer, then you know how much fun it can be to print up pictures right away.  The credit card size of this paper set is just too much fun.  But you must have the correct paper tray to use it.  I purchased it from Amazon as well for around $13.  Some say the cost of the prints is too expensive but I say the convenience is priceless.  Plus the Selphy Photo software allows you to put borders, frames, names, etc. on the pictures themselves.  Just a lot of fun to do and folks love to receive prints this size.  By the way, I have read in some reviews that the Selphy software does not work with Apple products.  Well, mine does.  Did have to go to Canon to download the driver for Lion, though.  Have not upgraded to Mountain Lion so don't know if it will work with that iteration, however.
I bought it with what I thought were optimistic expectations, and was VERY surprised at how much more I got than I expected.The print quality is AMAZING, even under a magnifying glass.. they are exactly like a photo... better than my Epson Stylus Pro 1280, but only 4&quot; x 6&quot;.My wife is crazy about it so it's a keeper.
The product description is unfortunately not sufficiently clear: this paper refill is credit-card size, not the more common 4x6. It requires a special paper cassette that does not come with the printer and must be purchased separately (PCC-CP100). The dye-sub film and the paper cassettes are keyed and the printer will refuse to work if they don't match.In terms of print quality, you get the classic Canon mini dye-sub results: spectacular. Just make sure this is what you want to order, and check that you have the required paper cassette to avoid unpleasant surprises.
this credit card paper set works great pictures turn out very good. its nice to be able to print out wallet size photos. no more printing 2 or 4 pictures on 4x6 and having to do a lot of cutting. although printing on 4x6 is cheaper but having this set is great to have. now I can just order a few school pictures and scan them on computer and make as many as I want and save money. after I just found out that my ex wife just spent over $1000 dollars on senior school pictures. LOL I can say I'm happy to have this set and the 4x6 set and will be doing a lot of printing. will I buy this again YES shipped and rec on time,
I have used the Canon wallet size photos for years, when I give them out people seem to like them more then the 4X6. I also use them in cards I send to friends and family. For these to work you need the correct cassette size which is sold separately IT WILL NOT WORK IN THE 4X6 CASSETTE. The colors are great and rival anything you would get from a photo store. Also being a dye thermal they last longer then the inkjet photos. I visited a friend recently and he had an old photo I sent him when I used an inkjet and OEM ink, it was 5 years old in the kitchen where it got a lot of sunlight and completely faded. Because of the printing technology these dont fade. I use an old selphy 510 and love it. I may upgrade to the 800 and give the old one to a family member, haven't decided on that yet.
Third time ordering this paper. Love using the cards in my project life album. Easy to print out last minute photos.
I almost gave up on finding this product, I was extremely excited when I found it on your site. I am purchasing more to have on hand.
I was once again very pleased with this purchase.  It was an item I had been looking for and was extremely satisfied with the pictures I printed.  They were very clear and sharp.
Be sure to set your resolution high on your camera and you cam expect photo lab quality images!
Water Proof post card that I can print on location and drop in the mail.  Color is accurate.
This pocket chart is huge! It holds so much! It is a great place to post calendar time items or lesson objectives.
This is good stuff- any time you have an entire pound of glitter, you have the world in the palm of your hand. Stop buying these tiny glitter shakers, get a pound of gold glitter and you can decorate stuff whenever you want. It vacuums up well, and the color is a nice mid-tone gold (not too rosy, not coppery, just gold). The flakes are small enough to shake out of the canister well, but big enough to sparkle. The canister allows you to sprinkle it on, or pour. I have used this brand and canister of glitter (in various colors) over the years to decorate everything from my horse's hooves for a parade to a plastic yard owl that needed to be blinged out for my daughter's camp. This glitter is not self adhesive, I really recommend a spray on glue likeElmer's E455 Extra Strong Spray Adhesive 13.5-Ouncebecause it's so easy to spray the glue then add the glitter- and it works for paper, plastic and horse hooves. I do suggest wearing rubber gloves when using spray glue because it does not like to come off and if you try to use Goo Gone or WD40 to get it off you'll wreck your manicure. Now get on out there and glitter something' up!
This has a beautiful rich gold color and lots of sparkle. Held fast to my outdoor Christmas decorations withjust a light coating before and after of clear acrylic spray. What I especially like is the small size of the pieces,that really adds a beautiful sparkle with the Christmas lights.
I can't wait to glitter the clothes pins for my classroom.  The shape of the bottle makes it easy to hold and use.
It decorated my products very well.I enjoyed using the product and it made things look beautiful. It was fun to use it and made my product stand out from the rest.
Bought for my wife. She uses it in her crafting. Nice BIG bottle, and it shipped quickly. I would recommend to others!
very big container. Didn't realize it would be that big. Bright red and great for schools..  You will enjoy this
I bought this to store various legal-size files.  I also bought some legal-size hanging files to go inside.  It has worked out well.  This is made out of plastic, so I don't think that it would hold up well if someone were to use it to transport files on a regular basis.  For me, I have the miscellaneous things that you need to hang onto stored in here, and it is sitting in the bottom of a closet.  It also comes with two metal rails that could be adjusted if you wanted to store smaller hanging files.
This is an excellent accessory to have in office or for anyone on the go.  It features an inner supply organizer.Other Features:Holds Hanging FilesKey HookSide Pockets for cell phones and other itemsDetachable StrapHard Plastic LinerHolds most Laptop ComputersThis has a place for everything!
Great product!  They are nice and clear and the magnets really hold well we haven't had any drop off the board since we got these.
Letters are expensive. The company has cornered the market on magnetic letters. Not enough Vowels and common letters.
The magnetic letters are exactly as described by the seller.  Shipping was very fast, smooth transaction.Magnetic Letter Board Letters, Numbers and Symbols, 1" High, 128 Pieces/Set QRTM1
A good old dish detergent. It smells good, and it gets dishes very clean with just a little amount. Unfortunately, the "newer" environmentally friendly cleaners are absolutely awful. When it comes to clean dishes, I have to have more power!
When you are faced with a tough mess in the kitchen (in my case, those stray Ramen noodles that stick to the bottom of the pot), you need more than Palmolive - you need ULTRA Palmolive. It comes in a variety of scents, but I recommend sticking with the original green stuff. After conducting a double blind study in my apartment, I concluded that washing the dishes while blindfolded is a stupid idea.The original concentrated form was passable, but it was somewhat uneconomical. I'm pleased to report that the same great formula has now been ULTRA concentrated, making this dishwashing soap much more economical. You can take all the money you save with the new ULTRA concentrated formula that is difficult to rinse cleanly out of glasses and spend it on some medicine for yourself after you ingest some of its residue and get a stomach ache.The pull-up lid is very easy to use and contains small ridges to more effectively trap excess soap, giving you that nice gunky build-up when you don't clean the lid regularly. Some dishwashing soap bottles require you to wait up to three weeks for gunky build-up, but not Palmolive.You really can't go wrong with this product. If you (A) have dishes and (B) clean them, this Palm is for you. You can keep your regular Palmolive, but when you get tired of amateur hour in the kitchen, step up to ULTRA Palmolive and see the difference.
Ultra Palmolive liquid dish detergent works wonders to cut grease, dirt, food residue and grime off your dirty dishes when you wash them in the sink. Moreover, it does the same excellent job on cups and glasses. The word "ultra" refers to the fact that this liquid detergent is concentrated--it'll last a long time without your having to use large amounts of it to get a lot of soap suds!The soap comes in a convenient, easy to hold onto, sturdy plastic bottle that can be stored easily in any cabinet. I store mine underneath the kitchen sink. A little bit goes far--add some water to this and watch the suds go UP in your sink!In addition, keep this out of the reach of children--you DON'T want them ingesting it.If this product leaves any streak marks on your glasses, just rinse them again under water and dry them well with an appropriate type of soft cloth.Do not mix this product with too many other cleansers; it can cause fumes that won't be too pleasant. On the bright side, it stays "fresh" under your sink or in any cabinet for ages. It really doesn't go "stale" unless you wait years to use it. I have yet to meet anyone who actually waited years to use this product after buying it; so you'll be "OK."Overall, Colgate-Palmolive scores a huge goal with Ultra Palmolive dish detergent. I highly recommend this for anyone if they don't own a dishwasher. This product is also useful for people who want to manually wash dishes and glasses to save electricity and wear and tear on their dishwasher.
How much can you say about dish soap? Dish soap is dish soap and it works as expected lol. I was too lazy to go to the store for it.
This smells great and really cleans well.  I love it so much I kind of want to drink it.  Lol
Address book - this item is hard to find & was a great gift for my husband who won't use the computer for an address book
This product is hard to find in office supply stores with the advent of computers.  It is just what I needed.
This was a great product, it was cheep & quick to use. I Would like to see it produced again.  The full labels are a pain to use and they cost a lot more.
I have had this for about 3 months now and it works great.  Had to use my own screws but I love this product because it allows you to adjust your screen with its screwable hooks.
I'm about to reorder the rosewood binder.  I bought my first one three years ago and love it.  The zipper means that I feel secure carrying it around with my checkbook or other miscellaneous small items in it.  The fabric looks great and wears well.  It's lasted three years of hard use, and is just now showing significant signs of wear and tear.
I love this waiste pack but it is very hard to find.  Everything i need can be carried in the pack. What I love is the built in wallet that flips down in front.  It carries my credit cards, cash, coins and a place for passport or other items in the flip down.  Then it has a large middle zipped area  and a smaller zipped area on the back.  I use it for everything.  Problem is no one seems to carry it anymore.  Mervyns used to carry it in their travel section but no longer.  Next time I find it I will buy more than one.  Many people have asked me about it because they are intriqued with all the functions it has.  Hope I can find it again.  Lola Kent, Lafayette,
I, too, have used this waist pack for years -- ever since I was attacked in my own driveway at 2:30PM in broad daylight, beaten up, and had my purse wrested from my grasp.  As soon as I began wearing the waist pack, my confidence returned, and in addition to wearing it every day, I have carried it on every vacation trip since.  The design is perfect to allow for all the items I need to carry, including a secure zipper compartment for my passport and extra traveler's checks and money on trips.  When I was suddenly unable to locate replacements, I was truly frustrated.  Here's hoping the item makes a welcome return in the very near future!
Bright colors and enough selection to complete several projects.  This paper is exactly what I expected to receive. Made an awesome stocking stuffer.
Great sketchpad; good quality paper and wide range of colors. I used these for target practice and highly recommend them as both effective and economical.
I bought about 10 years ago almost similar book of colors. It was green. I hope, this one will be the same. My kids love playing with these colored papers.
I have used the Cross Rollerball for years and these refills work fine. They write very clean and smooth. If you use a regular pen, move up to these and you'll be glad you did. The blue ink stands out & let's me know I have the original document/notes/signature when reviewing.
So disappointed that I was only able to buy the last set I could find..anywhere.  Binney and Smith stopped making these in 2003.and it was luck I found a set on Amazon. For the price, they were a quality colored pencil. If you can find these anywhere, grabthem.
These folders were very inexpensive and met the requirements of having pockets and Acco fastners to hold the 3=hole papers I used for a presentation. Very good quality and even greater value.
Very easy to use and convenient dispenser.  I keep one on my work-truck dashboard (along with a Post-It dispenser).  I don't forget too much....plus it's cheaper than a PDA.
One of the most annoying things is when one makes a mistake, turns the pencil over to erase it, and finds out that the eraser is all gone. These erasers tend to outlive the pencil, in my experience, and are extremely convenient because the go where the late eraser was. When the eraser is separate, I rarely remember that before flipping the pencil over, but with an eraser that goes on top I don't have to worry.The eraser itself works very well, better than many erasers that come on the pencil. It also leaves a minimum of stuff on the paper when used- a nice feature.Personally I like the many different bright colors offered in this set.  Sometimes I end up with a color that doesn't match my pencil, but I don't mind. All in all, these are very good erasers.Loggie-log-log-log
Great deal on great pens.  They are comfortable and the ink quality is excellent. I love having these pens with me at school as a substitute teacher.  They always come in handy!
Very nice set of pens.  I'm very particular about the "feel" of the pen as it moves across paper.  These pens have a nice, solid yet smooth action.  And the colors are not garish, and the ink flow is just right.This is my new favorite pen when I feel like writing with a broad, bold statement.
The product works great and has no problems. The markers lasted longer than the map I bought to draw on.
I was looking for markers for my dry erase calendar.  All the other 'fine tip' markers I used were built more like sharpies.  It was difficult to fit lots of print in the squares.These markers had a nice fine point and write cleanly.  The colors are also dark enough to be clearly visible.  All the colors, even the yellow and orange, show up nicely on the white background.  They are wet erase so they clean up with water or Windex. Overall, I'd highly recommend, great for the price too!
The pens are a great variety of colors and perfect for use with the Chessex battle mat. They write cleanly and have a nice point for fine detail.
These pens write nicely and seem to be a good quality pen. Could be a Pro or Con...they do not &#34;wipe&#34; off. You must use water and a paper towel. The positive thing about this is that you do not rub one thing off while writing something else. For us, this is an appreciated feature.
Nice color selection and they're working well.  Nice sharp points for smaller writing.  Good amount of ink coming out.  The colors are a bit light but expected for wet erase markers.
..Because I do, and these little markers are wonderful to open up the realm of categorization. Also, in using them for the first time, I could recall my high school math teacher also using this brand for writing equations on the overhead projector. They're good markers!
- Vis a Vis brand name markers, wet erase.- These are for overhead transparencies (such as for a presentation, or a classroom, etc)- Bright colors give you a little variety.- Sharp points but like all the rest they will fade after a lot of use and will likely need replacement- Pleased with the purchase and the price!
I bought these pens because the Crayola markers stayed wet too long and weren't always that bright. These pens are very helpful and I think i'm gonna keep using them.
Awesome, bright markers. Work great on our re-writable wall calendar. Let's us color code info so we can tell at a glance what an entry is for.
The markers leave good clear lines and erase very easily with a wet paper towel.  I use these in my woodturning when I'm coring bowls.  I have a large laminated graph I lay on the bed of the lathe, and I trace the bowl, and curved cutters onto it with these markers.  They work well for me.
This is in combination with my review on the Scotch Thermal Laminator 2 Roller System. I use my wet erase markers together with my laminated flashcards, worksheets, white sheets, game sheets. They are perfect for that.Last week I made hangman and we have played hangman for a week now. I have Expo Vis-A-Vis Wet Erase Markers, which works perfectly on a laminated card. When the game is finished you while it clean with a wet cloth and start over. We take our games, cards and markers to restaurants to keep the boys busy. I laminated sheets of white paper so they can draw. And so on.
The markers work perfectly. Bought them for role playing; used them with my Chessex Megamat. They erase very easily with just a damp cloth and none of the colors have left a stain. Good quality.
I got these to use on a wet erase game battle mat, and they work wonderfully for that purpose.  They're what you would expect--no more, no less.
The markers work great on a large, wipe-off, wall calendar I bought.  Every month, I wipe off all the verbiage and start over.  No problems with removal, no staining.
Use these on china wheels (focus pullers), do not use normal dry erase markers. All the colors are nice and vibrant.
I use these with my Chessex wet erase battle map.  The yellow is very hard to see and is my only gripe but having the extra colors really adds some nice flavour to my d&d sessions.
Great product, writes well, lasts a long time and great colors and looks. I will be buying again in the future.
Great purchase. The markers work well. I needed something I could write notes on a dry erase calendar in my folder. The dry erase markers would smear if I closed the folder, but these once dry do not smudge at all yet it is very easy to clean off with a moist cloth or paper towel.
We use these markers all the time in our homeschooling.  We like the selection of colors.  They are great on our white board, laminated maps and even our windows.  Funny to think years ago we only thought of these as overhead projector markers.
I would recommend these markers for whiteboards and D&D; mats.If you are using these markers on a Chessex battlemat, I have some cautionary advice: Sparingly use the blue and purple markers as they are the worst offenders when it comes to staining.
All the markers are great! They erase easily from the board and don't leave any marks on it. Recommend it.
Would have preferred a wider tip as these seem very fine point but overall they are a great product that I would in the future purchase again.
Perfect for repetitive use with laminated wall planners.Easy to define different task catagories by color color color color and color.
Since I have received my transparencies and my expo markers I can finally use my projector! All the colors work great and wipe away easily on the write on transparencies. I bought them since they were the same kind my teachers always used while I was in school... Back in the day
Personally, I'm using these with a Chessex Battlemat for D&D;, as a few others have noted. They work great for it, certainly, and I don't see why they would be any less effective for use with other products, barring any obviously exceptions. It's a nice range of colors as well in my opinion, so if you need to do any color-coordinating with them I doubt there should be much issue.Overall, I think they're great.
Works great for all of my homeschool projects for my kids in copy work.  Just use with transparency sheets and no more wasted paper.
They work fantastically. I run DnD campaigns over weekends and often times it calls for a lot of color on the map; these markers show excellently (except the yellow, but that's just because of the base color of my map) and erase easily, leaving no residue. Arrived on time as well. No complaints.
Exactly what you would expect of a wet erase marker. The colors are vibrant and sharp, and a wet paper towel cleans them up with minimal effort. A+ would buy again.
Buy them.  If you need over head projector markers, if you need markers for your gaming maps, if you need them for an art project....these are the only wet-erase markers to buy.  Beautiful colors.  They don't smear too much if you are careful (they dry super fast, so really--no worries).  We use the 8 pack for gaming on a hex map and they are perfect.
This is an awesome product! These dry erase markers work awesome for my d&d folder! &#62;^_^&#60; I support this product fully!
They write like a charm on my Chessex Battlemat in which i use to host and play the game Dungeons and Dragons! Darn the word limit on these reviews!
I'd read that wiping the marks of the cheesex matt was difficult, but with these markers everything came right up. Even the red!  Very happy with this purchase.This is the matt I am using them with:Chessex Role Playing Play Mat: Battlemat Double-Sided Reversible Mat for RPGs and Miniature Figure Games (26 in x 23 1/2 in) Squares/Hexes
These markers work exceptionally well with the chessex battlemat, or any wet erase mat for RPG's. It erases quite easily and with the sharp points made it even easier to detail the area for my players. An exceptional buy for any DM.
I have been a Vis-a-Vis fan for many years, and am very satisfied with the product I received. The pens are a great product, and (so far) do exactly what they were meant to do -- write on plastics and wipe off with water. While other retailers (especially around back-to-school) were advertising a slightly cheaper price, Amazon comes to the rescue with a price that's hard to beat, especially if you have free shipping through Amazon Prime!
Markers are great, especially when used on a battlemat. Great selection of colors. Very good price, especially given price per marker.
Great for grading papers, because they don't bleed through like regular markers.
These work great, and having numerous colors works great on our wall calendar. They do smudge occasionally, but for the most part they work great!
I am very happy with these wet erase markers! Good color and worked months later without drying out. Great buy!
Use them for gaming, and drawing on combat maps, and laminated monster cards. Nice to have some new colors to play with. Havent tried the orange on the may, don't know if it will stain like the red!
These things have worked wonderfully with my Chessex Role Playing Play Mat. No problems with smudging during play and no issues with erasure when finished.
I tried using dry erase on laminated papers and that did not work out well. Always having to get alcohol or goo-gone to get it off. Switched to these after reading suggestions online and have been thrilled. We use laminated paper as a shopping list, so changing it often is a necessity. These have been exactly what I wanted. They erase very easily, even if something has been written on for weeks.
I bought these because these were recommended on a homeschooling website. I love that these don't erase easily when used for writing on sheet protectors. It was frustrating for my 5 year-old to use the wipe-off markers because anytime she slid her hand across the page, it would erase.
They're wet!and erasable!Seriously though, these are getting stupid hard to find in physical stores, and are a requirement of any proper gaming supply cache.
I bought these markers for a game we were playing.  Wanted dry erase but just couldn't find the colors.  Also many dry erase markers don't have that deep color.  Though these are WET erase, they are very good.  Great color and quality.  Wish I could use them for the game but will use them for around the house on my dry erase boards.
I needed something easy to wipe off of the kids' chore chart which is on a laminated piece of paper, these work awesome.
They do just what they say they do -- they mark, they don't rub off accidentally, and they wipe off easily with a damp cloth.
I have an obsession with creating daily, weekly, and monthly to do lists. I use these markers on my laminated to do lists, my son's chore charts, and my glass monthly calendar. They work way better than dry erase markers on these items.
These markers are perfect for anything!  I use them because I have five small children.  If my kids accidently wipe on my calendar board or menu board, the print stays in-tact... unlike dry erase markers that easily wipe-off with a simple touch.  I love that the print doesn't come off until I get it wet!  Great colors... I hope they come out with more colors one day!
Just adding that these markers are perfect for use on Chessex Megamats (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0015IUAAG/) if you're a Dungeon Master and want a great way to map out where your players are exploring prior to the adventure. I've even used them to make small additions or corrections during a game, and if everyone was patient enough you could draw out a dungeon real time.The different colors are helpful if you want to designate static objects, and the points are sharp enough to get very good detail, yet with a simple turn you can draw thick/strong enough lines for the walls of rooms. The brown is dark enough and close to the black so that you can use it for dungeon walls (if the other runs out).
Expo Vis-A-Vis Wet Erase Markers, 8 Colored Markers (16078)Great Product! I would highly recommend these wet erase markers & the price is fantastic! Even Wal-Mart can't beat this price! I haven't been able to find a retail store that carries all the colors either... This is the way to go! Also, I received 2 day shipping free w/ my Prime membership!
They work great on my chessex gaming mats, and thats really the only thing I use them for. No complaints.
Does not get smudged off at the slightest touch like dry erase. We have a differnet color for different events on our wall calendar.
They're Vis a Vis markers, I use them on my whiteboard calendar because they don't accidentaly wipe off if you brush against it but come off great with a wet paper towel.
These markers are just what I was looking for. The point is fine enough for using with my calendar, and I can fit everything in!
I bought these to use with a table i made that has a white coated mdf board from home depot along with a 1&#34; square grid mat for d&d.; The markers write very clearly and consistently and wipe off with a damp cloth, even after 2 weeks (that how long I left it)Strongly recommend these over ANYTHING else if you are using them on a gaming mat or smooth surface table.
We use these in the office to write on laminated surfaces.  They wipe off easily and leave very little color behind.
I got these for a whiteboard calendar I use every month. It makes it easier when I want to erase something that I wrote with a dry erase marker. At the end of the month, just spray some water or windex and it comes off.
Simple.  Just a pack of wet erase markers.  Fine point.  Get the job done.  Nothing else to say.  They're great.
They are absolutely amazing! I love all of the colors, and I have had them for a while and they are as good as new.
According to the user for whom I bought these, who uses them on a Chessex roleplaying grid map, the only complaint he has is that they don't materialize directly into his hand when needed. They work much better on the mat than dry-erase markers we've used in the past, in that they clean up easily and quickly without streaks. The colors are bright and visible on the beige backdrop. Fortunately, the markers themselves are also pretty visible, allowing them to be found with reasonable ease even in the absence of tracking chips or the Force.Note to dry-erase fans - the grid map we use wasn't designed for dry-erase markers in the first place; we were employing them as a stop-gap measure. A grid map made to be compatible should, of course, work just fine with them.
My kids and I use these every day for our homeschool. They don't smear (too much, I have small kids so they smear them a little)...but for the most part, their daily work stays without smearing and it is EASY to erase. I'll buy more when we lose these or run out of ink.
These markers are great for laminated forms as well.  They erase without leaving a residue on the page and eliminate accidental erasing that is such a problem with dry markers.  Watch out for your fingers when you are cleaning them off with water!  The ink will stain skin pretty easily.  It will only last a day or two though.
I was looking for erasable pens for my role playing mats.  I have been having a hard time finding some that actually fully erased.  These pens erased with very little effort on my part after the game was over.  I have a disability that makes scrubbing very difficult for me and the ink wiped away very easily and quickly.
I homeschool my four children (ages 2, 5, 8, and 10), and we all use these on pages that I have laminated...such as calendar activities or preschool activities, etc.  They easily wipe off with a damp paper towel...much easier than dry/erase markers!  Dry/ erase markers take a lot of scrubbing to get off laminated items, but there is no sweat involved with these "Vis-A-Vis" markers!
I teach math and use an overhead every day.  These markers are long-lasting and the different colors are great for shading and making teaching more interesting for the students.  Vis a Vis are the only overhead markers I use, and Amazon's price is the lowest I have seen.
I spend a lot of time putting up calendars on the boards at church,so this was perfect for me. It has lots of colors so my calendars don't all look the same. It was delivered on time and I will definitely use this company again.
They work fine on Chessex battlemats for mapping D&D encounters.  The extra colors are great for fire terrain, foliage, wooden wagons, etc.  Recommended over the four-pack.
I've been using these wet erase pens for decades. I used to use them for transparencies, but those are all but gone. Now I use them on my home dry erase boards for family reminders, etcetera. Sometimes the dry erase markers don't remove well, but these do. Also, they make a smaller line which makes writing notes much easier.
I have been using these Vis-A-Vis to organize my fridge calendar.They are truly fun. I wish I had a bigger calendar.
I bought these markers to use with my vinyl D&D map, and they work great! Just take a wet towel or tissue and wipe it off when your done. Also, don't leave the marker on for more than a few days, otherwise it is really hard to remove.
These are simply awesome, they work flawlessly on a Chessex mat. It's almost like magic on how they will stay on and not smear (after about a minute to dry) then wipe off with a damp cloth like it was never there.
These are great markers. They work well on projectors but students also love using them to writing on tables, floors, and windows. They wipe off easily and get the kids excited to write their spelling words or do math work in a different location of the classroom.
The colors are vibrant and true to the cap color.  The only complaint I have is that when you pull the cap off and try to push it onto the end of the pen while using it, it falls off.  Would be nice if they'd stay on.  Other than that, no complaints.  Wonderful product.
Bought this to use with chessex's game mat and it works great.  Leaves vivid color, wont rub off on your fingers (after about a minute of drying time) and cleans up easily with a damp napkin.  Recommend and will buy again when they dry/run out.
I didn't think these were going to be much different than dry erase, but I was wrong.  These will still smear if you wipe your finger across it really hard.  But a normal brush by wouldn't do too much harm.  I like the staying power of these over dry erase and they still clean off the surface great.
This product is great. The colors are nice and strong, the points are just the right size, and they just DO NOT SMELL. Also, since they are wet-erase, they are easy to use to do a whole sheet (or many) and not worry about accidentally erasing the whole shooting match. The marks that are made wait patiently for you to decide when to remove them, and they are easy to remove. A truly understated product. Try them and you'll see the difference from smelly dry erase markers, completely!
Kids love to draw on a white board in play therapy. It is great to offer them such a nice variety of colors for their artwork.
They are markers.  They do what they're supposed to do.  I like the 'wet erase' aspect.  I haven't seen that before, and it's a wonderful way to go.
hard to find the variety packs.using with AT-A-GLANCE 2014 Vertical and Horizontal Erasable Yearly Wall Plan and so far working great
These are awesome.  I had never heard of a wet erase marker until a school function with one of my children.  I have been using sharpie markers and dry erase but never had the result I wanted for my projects.  Sharpies required a wet magic eraser and dry erase, erased too easily.  These are a great addition.  I especially like these for writing on my tattler canning lids and white ball plastic canning lids.  They erase very easy...but with water.
These are wonderful markers! They don't smudge, dry quickly, and are very cheap for quite a few. The colors are vibrant and wonderful, and are perfect for my chore charts and dry-erase calendars. The fine tip makes them wonderful for writing a lot in small spaces and still be able to read it.
I got these pens to have a little diversity in the maps I draw on the battlemat.  This way it's easier to discern between the squiggle that is a bush and the squiggle that is a fire.  (My artistic skills can use all the help they can get!)
These pens work great on any dry erase surface I have needed them to write on. They hold up very well when the cap is properly placed back on the top.
I bought these to use one a dry erase clipboard.  I didn't want the wording to rub off as easily as with a dry erase marker.  You have to use a wet paper towel to wipe this off.  The only thing is if your hands are a little sweaty, it will rub off on your hands.
I bought these for use with my Chessex Dungeon Mat and they worked just as expected. They won't rub off until you add water, and with the addition of water it comes off super easy.
I use these markers on a gaming mat and they go on with a nice solid color and wipe off with a little water and a paper towel for cleanup.
I have so many uses for my vis-&agrave;-vis pens. I am happy to find packs with a variety of colors.
Do I really have to review markers?  They're markers.  Hooray!
great product.  Vis a vis has been around forever for good reason.  This is a good product and it is perfect for our calendar.
These markers are fantastic!  They have all the common colors and erase easily with a wet rag!  I will remember this set of markers fondly until the day I pass!
I prefer these over the expo markers, they are darker, and work great on the overhead.
After using these to write on my grid map for DnD, I was surprised.The colors show amazingly well. The ink wipes away with no stain. Perfect.
i am very pleased with the set of pens and the service was good they came in very good time
I love these wet erase markers. I use them for my re-usable calender on the fridge, I didn't like having to use rubbing alcohol to remove the dry erase markings. All the colors worked and are bright.
I run a small art class after school. The kids love to draw on the wet erase board. The littler kids though always leave these uncapped. What's so great about this particular brand is that you can cap them even after they were left open for a day or 2 and they bounce right back. I love them because they last so long before they finally start to run out. Really a good deal and very practical.
I love the colors. Very helpful.I use them for my wall calender because whiteboard markers smear away in an instant. These markers need to be rubbed of with water (when written on a smooth surface)
The markers arrived 3 days early and they work GREAT. It doesn't smear and the point is very small so I can fit a lot in a small space. Wonderful, I would definitely recommend. :)
What can you say....the Versa Check blanks print easily and work great.  The security features built into the check are the same as commercially purchased checks.
The versa check blanks are a super item to have.  Instead of waiting for new checks coming from the bank at a premium price, you can have these on hand and print away.  With so many people paying online these days you can print just what you need.  I give this item two thumbs up.
Using my Canon i560s printer, Kodak's recommended printer driver settings, and Kodak's free software for printing, this paper produces near flawless photos.  They are semi-gloss (not high-gloss like Canon's Photo Paper Plus Glossy that comes with the printer).  This paper has been reformulated recently (according to the packaging) and I will continue to use it for all photos.  I have been unable to get Canon's software to print accurate colors on this paper - so use Kodak's!  Canon's software (Easy Photo Print) won't print accurate colors even on their own Photo Paper Plus Glossy paper (and there is no way to manually tinker with the color settings in Easy Photo Print - you can in the Kodak software via the Canon print driver).  If you run a comparison, you will see that Kodak has got the color thing nailed cold and Canon does not, regardless of paper type.The only detectable flaw I've seen in any print on Kodak's Premium Picture Paper is on photos with very dark/black areas.  If you hold the print at a sharp angle in bright light (you never would unless looking for this flaw) you can see a slight decrease in the reflectivness of these really dark areas that you don't see using the Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy paper.Nobody who has looked at my prints (except me) has noticed this flaw - so don't worry about it.  By the way, I much prefer the semi-glossy nature of this paper to Canon's Photo Paper Plus Glossy which truly is so glossy it can be annoying in some lighting conditions.The Canon i560s uses dye-based ink for printing photos.  I think pigment-based ink will have different results (Canon mixes the 3 dye-based colors to produce black when printing photos, as the black cartridge is pigment based in this printer).For borderless 4x6 prints, you will have to cut a half-inch off the paper as it is 4 x 6.5 inches and the Canon printer driver does not allow flexibility at this time.  If you want a white border, then no need to trim.
I have a older style fax machine I got from my brother and I'm glad I was able to find the replacement paper for it unfortunately the amount of paper may last for quite a few years
These binders are just as advertised. The ring mechanism is strong, and the binding material looks like it will last.
We needed several binders to store magazines that were to be part of a craft library and were having difficulty with traditional binders.  This binder is sturdy and large enough to hold a multitude of magazines without bending or coming open with the magazines falling out.  Highly recommend this!
This is a great heavy duty note book.  It is sturdy and it works great for what I'm using it for.
This is my second stapler.  The first one still works  but the hammer probably needs replacing.  On the new one the hammer is too high and the bottom two sheets hang and do not staple unless I am very careful.  I will contact the company after tax season about this problem and see if they can replace the hammer on the old stapler and possibly replace the new stapler.
After buying many heavy-duty staplers, this one has performed flawlessly for several years in an income-tax office where it is used frequently. Easy to refill, has a large (5,000 staples) capacity and is much superior to anything else we tested. Highly recommended.
does what you need it to do, punch holes....  i have used this hole puncher before and never been disappointed. highly recommend it
This paper punch is rugged and does the job. It is made of heavy die cast construction and features a large lever to reduce the effort it takes to punch your paper. The weight of the punch helps make it stable and it has a wide non tip base for stability when punching.It will easily punch 40 sheets of paper (20-lb bond) at a time. The main reason I like this version more than all the others I have used is that the large lever handle really makes it easy to punch paper without pinching or hurting your hand.This is a great addition to any office! The only con is that it is large but that is also one of its benefits.It is really an office tool and not a toy!  If you punch a lot of pages for binders then I recommend this product to you.
I was amazed the first time I used this punch and how easily it cut through my music folios.  It's solid and just keeps working and working.
This hole punch has worked perfectly.  Generally using it on 25-30 sheets at a time with no problems - easy to get through the pages and the holes are cleanly cut.
In great condition and for the price there is no room to complain!!!!! I have been wanting a heavy duty hole punch for years now, but the price was normally really high. I ended up getting it for about $18 and it is perfect for my classroom!!!!!
Just as I wanted and expected.  Works great!  Punches 20 pages of paper now is simple.  The ruler/slider on the bottom however was a bit loose but I bent it a tad and it works fine now.
This Swingline 440 (74440) hole punch is wonderful! Adjustable punch heads, replaceable punch heads when they get dull. And I can insert up to 7 total if I want. (Only ships with three, and new ones are $20 each, a bit expensive). I like this product because it is durable, heavy, powerful. I took this over the comparable 450 model (74450) because that one, by the online descriptions, can only go up to 4 punches, not 7. Complaints: well, it shipped with a bit too much oil on one of the punches, left ugly stains on the paper around the hole. I think after punching 1000 pages on scrap paper I have solved the problem. Actually, since I bought it used, maybe the manufacturer wasn't the one who put on too much oil.
As far as it's possible to &#34;love&#34; a 3-hole punch, I guess I love this one.Annoyed to distraction by a collection of flimsy 3-hole punches that don't allow the paper to feed easily or that jamb mid-way through the punch if there are more than a few sheets of paper, I splurged on a $50 3-hole punch.  For this kind of money, it better be good--and it is.  Strong as heck, smooth and easy to operate, I can't wait to do my filing now.
Perfect for the home office. This 3-hole punch can handle your stacks of paper effieciently and smoothly.
This is the best hole punch ever.  I bought it for the very busy office I work in.  And it is by far the best hole punch I have ever used.
I regularly have to print out task sheets for employees that are several pages thick. This puncher shoots right through 30+ sheets of paper without even breaking a sweat!
I bought this hole punch for the local volunteer fire department. My husband is the chief and needed to fill several thick notebooks for training. This is a very heavy duty hole punch! It went through huge stacks of paper with absolutely no effort, And it's built to last!! Thanks Swingline for a great product!
Outstanding product. Does exactly what it is designed to do. The instructions on the paper guide alignment are some what ambiguous but other than that, it's fine.
Sometimes at school we have to punch holes in lots of papers at once........this one does the job with no hang up.....great product.
Just like most teachers, we buy some of our classroom supplies so we know we get something that doesn't break in less than a year.  This whole punch was perfect for all of the use it gets in a classroom.
I just wanted a simple 3-hole punch. At the same time, I wanted something that would last and wasn't plastic. Well this is definitely the right hole punch. Made all of metal - except the "confetti-catcher" fastened to the base which makes tossing the "holes" easy. But of course most hole punchers have this feature. I love the sturdy feel of the unit and it was very easy to punch through MANY sheets of paper. This hole puncher will last for MANY years - a smart buy on my part!
This product is very well made and I am very pleased with the performance of the item. There are a lot of higher priced items in this category, but I would say this would be just as good as the higher priced items. Seems to be very solid and well built. Very pleased with the purchase.
I needed a punch to put two manuals, several hundred pages each, one full size and one half size, into 3 ring binders and this punch did the job in short order.  After using it for the full size sheets,  I was able to move the punches to fit the half size binder holes easily.
I'm happy with the Swingline (3) hole punch. It works quite well with very little effort. I would recommend this item to anyone needing a hole punch.
I got this punch to replace one that I had had for many years.  So far it works great and is capable of punching through at least 13 sheets of paper easily.
This little hole puncher is sturdy and will cut through 50 and 100 sheet stacks like butter. Really sharp punches and a hefty lever really help make big jobs go quickly!There is a large removeable rubber punch tray which catches all the small circles of paper on the bottom. Occasionally it has come loose, but I think that's because I used it too enthusiastically!Much better on hands and wrists than those flimsy 3-hole-punches you can fit in your back pocket. Does take up more space and is more weighted, but for me, using it on a desk, it's perfect.
Nice product. Quality, punches through the stated number of sheets of paper and cuts nice holes. Great adaptability. Just what I was looking for.
Handles single and multiple sheets with ease. Easy to operate. It is heavy enough to stay in place while using it.  I should have bought this years ago.
Bought this for my husband to have at work and he loves it!  It is just what he needed.
This punch is just what I have been looking for. I have purchased a number of paper punches in the past. While they would punch a few sheets at a time, I would eventually put too many sheets in at one time and break the punch. Most were light weight construction but this baby is built to last and I can load it up and still it punches! Great buy!
Nicely constucted of steel. Easily punches 30 sheets of 20 lb bond. The guide is hard to see with a lamp reflecting on it, but tilting the lamp or rubbing black acrylic paint across the stamping, then wiping the surface clean before it drys, fills the numbers and makes it easy to read in any light.
If all products were made this well, we'd never have to buy anything twice.  This product will last me a lifetime.  It'll probably last through my grandchildren's lifetimes.  I've punched thousands of sheets and it's still working like a charm.  The punched holes fall into a storage area underneath the punch.  Once a year or so open it up and let the punched paper fall into your trash can.I bought it so I could put all my service manuals into a notebook.  It punches through them with ease.It's expensive, but you'll never have to buy another one.Highly recommended!
Very Please With Product!This is what I wanted...The delivery was quick and the weightof the paper was wanted we have used before.This is reasonably priced as well...
You're just not going to get a better price anywhere.  My partner and I needed to print out all of our estate planning documents to finalize, notarize, and put away.  Obviously, for these types of documents, you want paper that is intended for wills, powers of attorney, etc: paper that will withhold the test of time.  This high quality paper fit the bill, and at a price with which the big box office supply stores just could not even compete.  We have quite a bit left over, but it was much cheaper than buying several of the smaller size boxes, and I'm sure we'll need more of this paper in the future, so the excess stash is handy.
We do a lot of work with/for affluent clients and we use only this. Nothing impresses more than heavy, high-quality cotton paper. It goes through our laser printers as well as my portable inkjet easily and absorbs the ink flawlessly. No bleeding or imperfections. The texture is luxuriant -- you definitely know there's something special about this paper the moment you pick it up. The paper is also pure white -- there are no imperfections or visible particles. The Southworth water mark is only slightly visible -- which is perfect. If you pick up a sheet and hold it up to the light, the watermark becomes obvious.I think the price is very reasonable.This is also excellent paper for use with fountain pens.
I used this to print my dissertation. It worked well, no paper jam issues etc&#8230; and it met the University paper requirements. The printing method was laser printing which looked great.
I use this paper for everything...Great for writing with fountain pen.Great for Business Presentation.Great for Thank you letters,Great for Contracts.Great for College Assignments.Great for Anything.Set yourself apart from everyone else, take pride in what you do.Life is all about &#34;Impressions that count&#34;
These items shut very easily; unlike other designs which have to be lined up top edge to bottom edge, these simply shut and snap automatically, no extra steps necessary. They are rigid enough to protect the contents but not so rigid that they are brittle. Rounded edges mean they won't scrape your skin or cut into your backpack. The hinged lid is securely attached for long-term use and does not wear out with many repeated openings. We have used this brand for years to carry our diabetic meters and even with opening several times a day for many years they hold up. (if you lay it flat when you open it, the lid seems to last forever--has lasted several years so far anyhow; if you bend it further than it would go on a flat surface, the lid only lasts approximately one year of heavy use)
This stapler is the same as the famous Milton Stapler from "Office Space".  The only thing different is the color and finish; and the packaging.  The Milton red Rio 747 is bubble wrap in thick plastic that is perfect as a gift, while this one is in a thin flimsy box.This thing is built like a German tank.  Solid and heavy.  It can kill somebody if you throw it as a weapon.  Every detail on this stapler is great.  The steel is thick gauged.  Paint looks like baked and not something than can  easily chipped.  This is one quality product.  Nice simple classic style.For the price I paid (around 6$), this is a real bargain.  You pay double if you want theSwingline Collectors Edition 747 Rio Red Business Stapler (S7074736E).
I've been through a lot of Staplers, both at home and at work.Most work fine for a few months, then the springs break, the slides jam, they become unbearable.Not so the venerable 747. These are serious business appliances, regardless of the color. They use Full Strips of staples. They are heavy, and they last and last.I can't remember the last time I had a 747 jam on me - can you say the same for your stapler ?
If you work at a desk, you need this!!  This is going to save me so much time and paper.  I'm so happy with mine, I bought one each for 3 of my friends. It's a great inexpensive office gift.
What's not to love, they are laminated name badges.  Easy to print (laser printer) and easy to laminate.  I've haven't seen any color bleeding like other badges I've seen.
This saved us a lot of money.  We used to get shirts with our logo on it and it cost us a lot.  This way the guys can just wash their own clothes at home.
What's to say? I ordered and received a pack of Avery 8462 labels that I actually use as Name Tags for the student in my Shag Dance classes. Before you get the wrong idea, the Shag is a swing dance that is the official State Dance of SC and NC. Shipment of labels arrived as promised. Price was very good.
I bought this for printing wallet-sized emergency contact telephone numbers.  I printed on a Kyocera color printer and had great results. I printed on both sides and cut the list to wallet size.  The card I have in my wallet for two weeks has not worn out.  This is a great product.
Purchased this to create our own water bottle labels for a wedding reception.  Used a Xerox Docucolor 250 copier to print bright, professional looking images.  This paper does not tear and is waterproof - two qualities we were looking for so the bottles could withstand condensation of being stashed in ice.  Very pleased with the results!
The weight, brightness and quality of this item is excellent. It's more of a plastic than paper, produces brilliant color, and it's waterproof.  I use it for printing my custom waterproof SCUBA log book pages.
Worked like a charm.  I use the &#34;DEWALT D180038 2-3/8-Inch Standard Bi-Metal Hole Saw&#34; to make the necessary holes and it fit perfectly.
Fits snugly into a 2-3/8 hole.  Not too rubbery, but not too stiff and plastic-y either.  Feels "just right" and this grommet will not scuff up your cables.  They make my entertainment center look tidy and professional.
I have the big DeWalt hole saw kit and there's no 2 3/8&#34; hole saw in the kit. I made a 2.5&#34; hole and it works fine. It's in there loose but it doesn't matter.
product arrived 2 days earlier than estimated and was just as advertised.fit and finish are of good quality, would recommend this product to anyonewho has the need for it.
Just set up a home office and I have several desktop electronics (Phone stand, Ipod speaker, bluetooth stand, etc).  This permitted me to have the cables all drop under the desk for better organization.  Make sure you have a 2 3/8 hole cutter.  They are not cheap and will cost more than the grommet itself.
We used this for a cubbie that houses  a 40 inch LCD LED. On the wall behind the TV we used it to pass the HDMI cable and coax cable through the wall. worked like a champ. use the second 1 on the opposite side to run the power cable to the wall.
Pros: High Quality, Works exactly as expectedCons: NoneThis product is exactly what I was looking for when installing my TV on the wall.  I specifically wanted something that would seal up the hole in my wall (unlike pass through wall-plates).
Works very nicely, and holds the various cables in place.  Liked this extra large one, because we needed several computer components, a typewriter, a fax machine, and a postal meter plug to be able to share it.
The desk I bought had no ports in the computer cabinet to properly route (and hide) my cables. I can't stand unsightly bundles of snakes running under my desk, so three of these were purchased in conjunction with the Vulcan 2 3/8&#34; dia. bi-metal hole saw. These lined up perfectly and fit snugly in 5/8&#34; pine with no issues. Works PERFECT with the Vulcan bi-metal hole saw:(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000X2ILXS/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_4)Nice tight fit, the only thing I recommend is to mark your hole and lay down some painters tape to keep the hole free of splintering.
I ordered 3 of these.  Installed them in an Ikea Besta "floating" cabinet that I hung under my LED TV.  I used the Vulcan 2 and 3/8in hole driller also available on Amazon and it worked perfectly .  I chose this one over a more standard sliding because of the amount of cords coming through.  The grommets seat in tight and I have no fear of them pulling out.  The flanges seem pretty thick and flexible, not cheap or stiff.  They look great (see pictures) and I'm very happy with them.  On top of that I didn't realize the seller was in the same county as me and I got them in a day.
I also bought the Vulcan Bi Metal Hole Saw 2-3/8&#34; to make holes for these. I put the holes in a desk to hide computer cables. I love the result. The flexible grommet does not break up the surface of the desk they way the other type does.
I ran my cables behind my drywall with a 3 inches PVC pipe, this grommet fits perfectly on the ends and hides the hole. Even painted it the color of the wall to hide as much as possible behind  my TV stand. Very nice product!
I needed a grommet for a custom-built 1.5" maple desk to route cables neatly and discretely underneath it. This was exactly what I needed, and has been working great. At a price of $5 including shipping, it's a very good deal.Surface Diameter: 2 13/16"Hole Saw Size: 2 3/8"Cable Opening: 1 3/4"Desk Depth: 3/4"Material: Hard plastic, 1/16" thickThe company that makes this is called "Master Caster", which also sells a variety of other office products through many other retailers. This grommet also comes in 9 different colors (not just black) to match whatever color desk you have. Most of my wires are black, so I went with that even though the surface is beige. "ElectriDuct" is the Amazon vendor I purchased through. They carry select colors via Amazon and the entirety via their own web site.The hole you need to drill is 2 3/8". Some home improvement stores carry it if they have a decent selection, but I got aVulcan Bi Metal Hole Sawon Amazon for only $11 (based on a fellow reviewer's recommendation) and it was a perfect and snug fit. Ideally you want the hole to be as close to the grommet size as possible so that the friction prevents the grommet from pulling out of the hole when wires are fed through it. They nicely designed small plastic ribs into the sides to provide some additional friction that actually work very well, unlike some cheap designs that don't. That of course makes it more difficult to pull the entire grommet out for maintenance, but you shouldn't be doing that on a regular basis anyway.The top surface has a wider lip to of course keep it from falling through the desk, which measures 2 13/16" in diameter, so you get about 3/16" around the hole on all sides. That also comes in handy if the hole saw cut is not as clean as you would have hoped.The inside top of the grommet is made of a very flexible rubber material that mostly covers the surface to give a clean look, and gives away at 8 different "pie slice" like openings. They "give" just enough to stay in place yet allow wires through easily. Other grommets have permanent partial-openings, or ones that spin/slide/pull to open. But I like this one because you have the ability to use the entire hole opening if you need to for lots of cables or a thick connector end, yet it still covers most of the hole when you don't have as many. The widest amount of cables you can feed down it is 1 3/4" in diameter. I have 8 USB/DVI/power cables running down it with no trouble and am only using half of the opening. Still you always need some extra for the connector ends.The depth is 3/4" which should work fine with most thinner wood desks. In my situation I was using a 1.5" thick maple plywood top which means there is an additional 3/4" of depth not covered by the grommet. As long as you sand the hole finely, as I did, there shouldn't be a problem. It's the pinch-point on the surface edge where the wire turns after coming out of the hole that you have to worry about the most.
This product is perfect and sturdy. Just cut a whole in the wall and ran the cables through. It left the wall with a very finished look.
It's a grommet.  I cut a hole with my hole-saw and had to hammer this into place.  Other than that, it works as intended.
Easy to install, as others have noted.  Fit and finish are great.  Large size handles a lot of cords and makes passing plug-ends through the grommet very easy.  Wouldn't hesitate to buy another.
No much to say here about this product.  Worked as it should.Hole saw needed to bore hole in counter or desk, was not a common size.  So had to spend $15 to buy a hole saw.
I was looking for a device to route the wires through from my new wide screen TV to the Dish network box, bluray player and antenna wiring. The flexible grommet was exactly what I was looking for.
The grommet fills the need for concealing wires through a desktop.  It is easy to install but does require a special drill attachment to install.
Other than the weird diameter, this thing works perfectly. Unless you want to spend some time cutting out a hole, make sure you have an appropriately sized hole saw. Definitely the best grommet I've ever used (such a strange sentence...)!
Worked perfect with the Vulcan Bi Metal Hole Saw 2-3/8&#34; 961641ORhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000X2ILXS/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_0Stayed in place tightly and worked muxh better that pevious grommett I had in placeMB
I went ahead and purchased a drill bit to match this size at the same time I purchased this item and it all worked out fine. After cutting the hole I was able to push it in easily but it was still snug enough that it isn't going anywhere.
Dimension was exact and the grommet is large enough for 7-10 cables or cords. As others have said the hole size is uncommon, but my Forstner bit set had the bit I needed.
Not much to say here... I like the design and they look nice in the table. The plastic can be pulled out since it's only glued to the top. I've only had 1 of the 7 or so I've installed come apart, still looks good even without the rubber top.
Grommet is hard plastic type holder with flexible flap on the cable outlet, makes my cable entry to tv cabinet neater.
This is well-made and works just fine, as intended. True to size. There's really not much more to add beyond that.
Great for keeping cables organized, if you have a hole saw of the correct size to make holes in your desk.
The other comments helped me to be successful in installing these.  I built a computer test bench and installed two of these using a smaller hole saw and a rasp.  They're fantastic for holding cables in place in between plugging different computers in.  Getting ready to buy another one.  Couldn't be happier with them!
These make a cool feature to any desk.  I added three of these to a computer desk that I built and the work great.
I have been familiar with this brand and model of stapler for over 30 years. It is better than any other on the market. Even though it takes a special staple, it is worth every penny to pay a little extra for quality. This stapler will fix a staple to a stack of papers no other standard staple could handle. The attached remover will take out the staple without tearing the paper as happens with so many of the claw style removers. I highly recommend this product to everyone.
These labels work great and these metallic ones look fantastic.  Certain colors are more striking, so a bit of forethought, and maybe a little experimenting are in order, but these will not leave you feeling suckered.  Avery products seem to be the real deal, and this labelling system works very well.  I am a believer.  These are the only full-face metallic labels I have seen, so this is it if you want this effect, and it's all you'll need.  They are a bit expensive, but you're splurging on something you absolutely can live without, so what do you expect for a luxury item that no one else seems to have copied yet?  Unlike the other reviewer, I have never had any issues with the labels getting stuck in the printer, though I will usually only put one sheet of two labels in the printer tray at a time, so maybe I haven't pushed it hard enough to really know.  At any rate, I'm a totally satisfied artist who has an application for metallic effects on custom CD faces and absolutely has no desire to try another product out for this purpose.
Love these.  The price was awesome.  I had used other companies' forms in the past and whew, the shipping was more than these forms cost.  What a wonderful find.  They are no different than the other ones I was using and they cost soooooo much less.
I've been using these papers to print my illustrations for years and the results are excellent. Beautiful quality and the colours are vibrant :)
I'm a huge Ilford fan, and was not disappointed here. This paper is top notch, perfectly thick and has a generous tonal range. Enjoy.
I love this cute mouse rug iv had it for a couple years and it still looks amazing very durable and i use the computer very often like most college students
What a great product. It works beautifully as a mouse pad and dresses up my desk, too.
This mouse pad is awesome! I'm afraid if I take it to work, it will fly away to some else's desk, so I'll just use it at home.The pattern works beautifully with my desk.
These are the best coasters on the market.  Very easy to clean, they don't leak water, and they don't stick to the glass.  This is my third batch of coasters.  That should demonstrate how well they work at our house.
Let your mouse smoothly glide along on this soft, velvety little Persian-looking rug reminiscent of the beautiful hand-made floor coverings made overseas.This elegant design originally looked plain compared to some of the very busy Persian mouse-rugs available, but has turned out to be easy on the eye.  I am using a wireless blue tooth mouse with it, and the simple design does not interfere with the mouse's operation.It provides a large area to glide on, measuring 7 x 9 inches, plus fringe on each short end.  It may not fit on smaller mouse trays, but is great for a desk.  There's a non-skid backing to keep it in place.Mine has held up well over time.  I bet kids would love it for its fun aspect as much the adults love its elegance.  I can see Princess Jasmine floating away now . . .
Absolutely love these... it really makes our desk look nice instead of the plain black or blue mouse pads.  Thank you
A fun mouse pad.  Don't be so serious....have some fun.  My family loves it too.  It looks like a real rug.
I love these mouse pads. This is a second one for me. Just because I wanted a change of pattern. The 4 year old one is still in perfect condition. You can easily just soap the thing down with dish soap and lightly scrub it with a nylon brush. It cleans up perfectly.My home is furnished with Oriental rugs on all the wood floors and these mouse pads fit in perfectly.Very happy with them.
Pros:Looks great on my black glass-top desk.Works great with my optical wireless mouse.Good anti-slip backing.Cons:Wish it flew too!!
I love these folders and use them both at home and in the office. I use a wet-erase marker to label the tabs, and I find this allows me to keep my ever-changing projects organized and readily available.
This little shelf keeps my desk organized and fun.  I can put stickers on the legs to add some punch to it.
I have seen products similar to this for substanially more money.  When this one arrived, it could easily rival one of the more expensive models. The plastic top detracts a bit from the overall look, but serves its purpse well.  The remainder is beautifully constructed. The drawers are lined in black fabric like a jewelry box. It looks like it cost much more than it did.  I thought I would tuck this away in a corner of my office, but it is so attractive I will probably have it front and center.
i was very pleased with this product.  It is very good quality.  I was reluctant to order online without seeing it, but I was very pleased.
I was a little hesitant to purchase the Chrisopher Lowell Bill Organizer after reading some of the reviews.  I decided to go out on a limb and purchase one.  Mine came perfect, all the dividers, no assembly required what so ever.  I was worried that all the bills due the same day would not fit but they did.  I do take the bills out of the envelope before puting in the slot, and some slots have three to five bills in a single day.  I love it and would not trade it for the world.  IF you never want another late bill, buy one of these and use it.ThanksDan
I have C.L. office furniture. This bill organizer was the perfect addition. It came completely assembled and in excellent condition. For the price it is a fantastic value. I am 100% pleased. It is exactly what I needed.
Okay I may not be able to spell but I get all my cards and bills out on time thanks to this wonderful organizer. It is just like picture. But a little taller than I expected, but it fits fine. It arrived promt and in perfect order. It's great.
The quality is nicer than I expected. After shopping around for a bill organizer I settled on this one because of the price. Other wood ones were much more costly, so because of the low price I expected it to be a little on the junkie side. It's actually quite nice. It has 2 large draws that are lined with a velvety material and are great for storing check books, stamps scissors and pens. The plastic dividers could stand to be a little nicer. Mine are slightly bowed from being dislodged from their slots during shipping. I think they will straighten out, over time, now that they are in their proper slots. I'm happy with this product for the price I paid.
The item was received in a timely manner, in good shape and just as advertised. Thanks!
I've tried the generics for my 5200 and the print quality is horrible at best.  Do yourself a favor and use the real thing.  It's much more professional and lasts a lot longer.
Excellent Product - Will Reorder as needed.
This pre-amp allowed me to hook up my old turntable to my new Sherwood RX-4105 stereo receiver.  I was only able to attach the ground wire from the turntable to the pre-amp case because there is no ground terminal on any of my sound equipment.  Still, there was just a very low hum at full volume!  Very satisfied with this product!
I purchased a stack of out-of-print vinyl at Amoeba music in San Francisco. When I tried to line my inherited record player into my computer to transfer the discs to CD, the signal was weak and unlistenable. After considerable frustration, a helpful person recommended purchasing a pre-amp. Oh, but then the fun began. Radio Shack, local high-end stereo shop, Best Buy. None of them had one. So I was pleasantly surprised to find this item on Amazon. Much to my delight, after a relatively straightforward assembly/lining-in process, I was happily spinning my vinyl. The resulting WAVs (for those interested in digitizing your vinyl) sound GREAT. All you need is a simple WAV editing program and you're there. It's a great way to save those albums you can't find on CD!!!!
The Spongebob handheld calculator, which is formed around Spongebob's face and uses his mouth to display the answers to those complex mathematical calculations that kids pop into it is terrific. It is coated with a thin, soft rubber coating that makes it durable. The buttons are easy to push, and the shape is easily held in a child's hand. The display - although mouth shaped - is also easy to see and bright enough. The best part about this calculator is just the look of it. There is Spongebob, ready (as always!) to help find the answer to one of life's problems: 1+1=2 (and so on!). This calculator is a favorite at our house because it is fun to use, easy to operate (it's a basic calculator after all) and most importantly of all, it's Spongebob! Do yourself a favor - if your child needs a calculator for school, this a great one to start out with. It will be a big hit with your kid's friends, and your child will love using it. Then they will want to move up to a TI-84, but that is a review for another day!
Reminiscent of the Vulcan game of Kalto, Roger's Connection forces you to think, yet be relaxed at the same time. Your structure must be of sound design or it won't hold up. You can't lock anything into place as the magnetic connectors are fluid, so your structure must be sound. Great for aspiring engineers, architects and LEGO addicts.
These counters are really cute and are a good size. I was not expecting them to be so big. I bought the colored bowls, too.
I bought this for the grandkids - ages 1 to 6.  They all enjoyed them.  They're nice for teaching colors, counting, etc.
These are my son's favorite toys at Preschool.  They don't look too exciting to me, but he will literally grab them away from other children.  I've been searching for them everywhere!
I ordered this to do an at home preschool with my son. He has had so much fun playing with them it is hard to get him to do any learning activities. I am happy with the purchase. We can do things like counting, colors, shape sorting, and more. It also comes with activity ideas.  Great product, and great for kids!!
These were the perfect size for my classroom sorting table. My special needs class and I can sort by vehicle and color. We love them.
My three old got a hold of some counters at a friend of mine's who used to be a teacher and loved them. He loves to play with little objects. I thought this would be a great way to start teaching him to count and for him to also have something fun to play with.
Originally I bought this as table decorations for my toddler son's birthday party.  The kids had so much fun playing with them while waiting for food.  The counters are made of a rubber like material, so they are nice and soft but easy for small hands to hold.  Now that the party is long over, my son still likes to play with them.
This is a great product for learning to count, addition and subtraction!!!!  My kids love these and comprehend so much more with something concrete in their hand.
This exceeded my expectations. They  are very detailed shapes. I  bought them for a  friend's  son  and now I  have to buy some for my daughter because she really liked them.  would definitely recommend this product.
My 3 yr old wanted these because his daycare provider has them.  I got them for him as a birthday present and he was super excited when he opened them.  Oh, and stepping on them barefoot doesn't hurt nearly as bad as legos.
We love these.  Great for sorting, playing, counting, patterns, etc.  Sons and daughter all enjoy playing with them.  Worth the money!
Adorable learning toy with so many possibilities!  My 2 1/2 yr old immediately matched them to the correct Dino figures he already has and called them their babies.  Then he sorted them by color into the learning resouces sorting bowls that we got at the same time.  We will eventually use these for counting and math work.  The details are pretty good, especially when you consider the cost per item.  I chose these over vehicles since this pack included over 100 and I wanted to be able to use them for math later.  Fantastic way to learn while playing.
Great for learning colors and counting. Many activities for toddlers to learn and have fun while doing it.
These are very durable and my young son loves to sort them by color.  They have a slightly rubbery texture.
My preschooler, kindergartner, and grade school-er all love when I bring these down. They play naturally (sans coaching or prompting) with them at each of their own development levels: Colors, type sorting, counting, adding and subtracting, and grouping/ dividing them between each other. Play with these lasts them at least 30 minutes and they pick up nicely back into the tub. I expect these will last us many years and pass on to share with nieces and nephews too.
Great little dinos. Impressive quality with no loose or hanging plastic &#34;bits&#34; like cheap toys. The plastic is kind of soft so they work well in little hands or pockets.
my daughter loves these little dudes. she can count them, make paterns by color and species, sort them tell sories about them, play with them, they versitile and i like them cause they come in a nice litthe bucket.
This toy is a hit for so many reasons. Little ones will love playing with them in many ways. Lining them up, sorting by type, sorting by color, setting up scenes, playing with a few at a time, putting them into containers, pouring them out ... the fun is endless. I don't know what it is about kids and lots and lots of small, like objects, but they are a hit. Dinosaur lovers like my daughters will be especially delighted.
This is a very good connector for use as a 6 conductor jack. It is simple to connect to the wire with the use of the push tool that is included.
These are exactly what you expect them to be. But holding VHS tapes is not why I bought them. I use them to hold small items, like a pencil case. Great for that purpose and you can even create a label/cover for what's inside.
My bird Casper loves this toy! I had never seen the large one before. He had to have it. Nice bird toy and a great price.
Cotton candy bird toy is my bird's favorite toy and has been sine he was a baby.  Great toy.  Thanks
Both the princess puppet and the Nana are favs now that Folkmanis Princess has been added to the king and queen.  And this one is well made.  It took some demonstrating for little ones to understand how to use the puppets in this series as they are used in a different way with fingers through the back of the head and the sleeves rather than inside the puppet.  But once demonstrated, imagination brought the princess to life and she is seldom asleep behind the puppet stage.
My 4 yr old loves this puppet enough to sleep with her at night. She's quite lovely and very easy to manipulate. The only issues that I have with her are that her hair tends to tangle quite easily and it isn't responding well to brushing, and that her face is a little pinched. But altogether she is a great puppet if you'd like a princess. Oh, the handkerchief and veil move very nicely and enhance her movements very well.
Love this puppet.  Bought it for VBC skit.  She is charming and adorable. I put her in an Operation Christmas Child box so a child will get to enjoy her.
She is a beautiful puppet! Well crafted and perfect for my 4 1/2 year old granddaughters imagination. She looks even better than she appeared online.
I bought this puppet for $[...] at a museum while traveling with my 5-year old and it was well worth even that price.  She played with it for days in a hotel room without many props.  It inspired her to use her imagination and she especially loved the long hair. Now that we're home, my 11-year old won't put it down and must have one of her own! Overall, a great purchase.
She is so pretty, looks like a princess should. perfect for an imagnative child. My grandaughter will have a wonderful time playing with this puppet.
This is just what I was looking for my 8 year old. She is really into the theater and this will be a great addition to her collection. Thank you!
This magenta (label says Pink) pen is really a dream to write with.  It's been a long time since I've been thrilled with a pen and this one is wonderful - your writing will flow.  My daughter gave this to me and I'm in heaven, can't wait to send off my Valentine cards.
The Fisher Space Pen refills fit these terrific pens, too! (That should be a universal design requirement!)I've had the titanium one (older), for years --- still a favorite!
I love the retro/industrial 50s style, and I wanted a pen in the pink family. This is amazingly perfect.It's solid and substantial, yet compact enough to tuck in a purse or - ha - clip on that pocket protector. I get a kick out of it. The last time I got a real kick out of a pen was my Space Pen signed by Wernher von Braun that I got back in high school when I joined the National Space Institute (geek alert).I noticed that my handwriting was getting really messy. I'm sure I'm not the only one who has noticed something of this sort - we do so much of our writing on computers now. In the back of my mind, I had the thought that I wanted to get the fun of writing back. Extra bonus for me, because I LOVE the way the Retro 51 ink flows. It's fluid without all the fuss and bother of fountain pens. It's definitely better than any rollerball I've used before. I bought little pink notepads and actually remembered to make - and take - a shopping list to the store today.
My girlfriend saw my pen similar to this one and commented how much she liked it.  Well, pink being her favorite color, it was no time before I ordered her pen.
I love this paper.  You can take any photo, soften it up and print it on this paper and you have artwork!  You will be pleased.
This is a GREAT product! Spray it on virtually anywhere on the inside of your car,and it will make your car look brand new.One thing, this is some seriously oily stuff. Makes black shine like ive never seen before, and looks better than new!!
This is not only a first-rate scope for beginners but enough of an instrument to show you new things in the sky for years to come. It is sturdy and simple to operate. It has enough light-gathering power (more important than magnification) to reveal dim star clusters, nebulae, and galaxies and good enough optics to show you the surface of planets like Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars.Dobsonians like this one give by far the most view for the dollar. Affordable as this scope is, there is no reason to give so much as a glance at the numerous trashy 60mm refractors with exaggerated magnification claims that litter the market.Some advice on selection. Dobsonians come in a range of sizes. A 114mm (4 ") is a bit on the small side but still a fine instrument, especially if your ability to carry large objects is limited. A 150-200mm (6-8") scope like this one is in the middle of the recommended range. A 250mm (10") is on the big side, and you should buy one only if you are able-bodied.You will need eyepieces.  Plossl-type eyepieces are good yet affordable: start with a 32mm and a 7- or 8-mm.Some advice on use. Viewing through a telescope is less like playing a CD and more like playing a guitar. Finding objects takes a little bit of practice. To simplify finding, I would suggest replacing the supplied finder with Orion's superior 8x40 model and also supplementing it with a "red dot" finder; both are available on Amazon. You will also need to buy an atlas (Sky & Telescope's Pocket Sky Atlas is the best available), a red flashlight to view the charts without blowing out your badly-needed night vision, and a guidebook to lead you to interesting objects. These investments will greatly add to your enjoyment.What more can I say? This is the kind of scope that experienced observers have been trying to steer novices towards for decades. Although, I recommend that you do your homework before buying any scope--learn the sky and get to know experienced stargazers who can advise you--when it comes time to purchase, you could hardly do better than this scope.For more advice, see my encyclopedic guide here on Amazon, "So you want to buy a telescope."
This (now discontinued) telescope is a perfect second purchase for the amateur astronomer, one which will provide years of enjoyment at a reasonable price.This particular model was an anomaly, a GSO-manufactured instrument (OTA) on a Synta base. It was sold for a short time after Synta bought Celestron and ended the relationship with GSO. It was available through a few smaller dealers (perhaps with a different base) in the US until recently, GSO may have discontinued it or changed the design by now. It is still worth looking for under the Zhumell, HandsOn and Hardin labels.The main attributes of this model are optical quality combined with ease of setup and use. I purchased it as a way to recover from shoulder surgery without undergoing dark sky withdrawal. It had a learning curve due to the narrow field of view (1200mm focal length) and the much larger light grasp compared to my smaller refractors and reflectors, but study of some of the charts, techniques and hints in Patrick Moore's excellent range of books have paid a dividend.The quality of the GSO mirrors is considered to be superior to those the Synta reflectors, and these are the only two manufacturers in the lower price range, selling under various labels all over the world. Also, in this size telescope, the GSO 1.25 inch focuser is much better than the imprecise plastic Synta version.I say it should be a second telescope because I believe that a beginning astronomer should start with binoculars and a book, then purchase a wide field refractor or reflector, possibly with goto capability, next. These allow views of large areas, offering recognition of asterisms and easy comparison with charts compared to longer focal length scopes like the Starhoppers and their cousins, which show individual objects better but do not allow a wide view.Highly recommended, but if you start with it, you may be frustrated trying to find things.
This cup dispenser works great. I have 5 oz. Dixie cups in mine. The wall mount is solid. It holds a ton of cups too.
No biggy here.  It's a paper cup dispenser for 5 oz. paper cups and it works just like it's supposed to work.  Best price we could find.
Easily mounted this holder to the wall with a couple screws and filled it with 4oz paper cups.  It will hold and entire stack of cups.  No problems...
I recieved these and was very pleased, with a sharpie how can you go wrong!! Actually I just relized that the other end of the marker is a fine tip!
although I use my regular printer for day to day photo printing, the Sony is great for printing crisp photos for scrap booking. If you have a ton of photos to print, you might want to just take them to a lab because of the time it takes for each print.
The product is just marvellous for my sky pictures ( I take movies of items being filmed with the telescope, by pointing it into the finder eyepiece!)  , then showing them on my 47&#34; tv and snaping a 5mp picture with my Sony digital camera. Also we used the photo station for my wife's pictures taken with the digital camera on the Danube, Main and Rein rivers.  They are better than photos from Wall Greens.
The photo quality and color are excellent . . . they really jump out at you.  Everyone compliments our pictures and two people in our family have purchased the Sony Picture Station printer. Sometimes I'll get 79 pictures instead of 80 but have not had the problem the previous reviewer had with the print quantity.  We've printed over 1,000 pictures at home and we love this photo paper and the Sony Picture Station! This paper is cheaper at Amazon than anywhere else . . . We paid $45.00 at another well known store.
Tried my Sony photo printer for the firsttime and very happy with the quality of thepaper & prints. Much more vinbrant than I anticipated.Tom
I have run these on my production level Xerox 4595 in B&W and have had great results. No jams and fabulous smudge free prints. I have not tried to print or copy on a color MFP yet though.
Only in current day America, would the manufacturer drop the interesting Red color and replace it with boring black that draws more attention to the cheap hardware.  Somehow or other I suspect a bunch of guys run this company and are really blowing so many opportunities.  Black isn't coming in my door.  Hope the red returns because I obviously invested in what has been written off as a Christmas item.  Thanks a bunch!The five stars go to the now missing red - only.
I have a job that necessitates relocation pretty often, so these are a dream for me! Beauty is important, I have the very cheery red which is stylish and fits my decor. You can't beat the price on the Snap N Store file boxes and they are super easy to assemble and break down.  I can pack 'em, stack 'em, or flatten 'em out while on the go. Sturdy, too! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I use these in my painting business. Awesome for sanding irregular surfaces. Nice for final sanding before finish coat. But the maroon color. The gray is too fine for most of my work.
I shopped around looking for what would be the right solution to my storageproblem. This one fits with a classic, clean design and nice looking too.
Not only is it an attractive addition to any desk, it also has a cover that slides out of the top segment to cover the shelving area. I love having papers "out of sight" for a simple and organized feel. You can either leave the organizer open, or shut the cover over the front when you are not using it.I would highly recommend this product to anyone!
Been looking for this for a while.  This batch is noticeably thicker than the last pad I bought, but worked all the same for origami flowers.  Wish they would make more colors.  Good (not construction paper) double sided paper is so hard to find.  Yes I can buy it for $2 a sheet for scrapbook paper but this is solid color and more economical.  Nice color, smooth texture.