this is not the song I was looking for. I had heard it by Vicki Winans and this was no where it.
What an amazing recording!  A single voice raised in prayerful worship.  The Archbishop has great stamina on this lengthy album. I bet he had to take a water break every so often!  Even so, his voice does crack on occasion.  Still wonderful.
Volume I is painful, but I think Mr. Sarta quickly realized his talent is piano playing, and there was a need to fill--recorded piano accompaniment tracks for small parishes who can't afford a pianist/organist or there isn't one available in their area.  My church is in this situation.If you previewed the samples for Volume I, don't judge the rest of the series by it.  The other volumes are good!
I'll be honest. I bought this by mistake.  I thought &#34;O.K. Lets help out a new artist.&#34;  Please know that this rating is entirely personal preference.  I'm a big music lover and I just really didn't like this.  I hope that someone else does.
This is not for the traditionalist who wants to recognize the melodies of these great hymns.  Some arrangements are simply annoying for their dissonance, and uneven tempo.  I wish I could be more positive, since I'm sure it was a labor of love for the artists.
The audio for this mp3 file only covers HALF of the book--most likely this is only disc 1. It has been extremely difficult trying to learn the more intermediate material at the end of the book without hearing each piece being played first.
If I could have given a zero rating I would have. I was simply looking for the radio version and I couldn't find it.. but I did get five nonsense versions that I couldn't use!
I ordered 4 versions of the song. This one was such a dog deleted it after I paid for it.
i have not got to use because of kindle malfunctiion and had to return it to best buy ans so it is useless ti me
Really bad and not upbeat as I was hoping as I played it near someone who was going onto the next life.  If I could have sent it back I would have - now just trying to delete it from the kindle.
I purchased this music expecting to be able to put it on my i pod, but I can't and I can't talk with anyone who might be able to help me. I am not very good with computer stuff. There may be a way to do it, but I can't figure it out. The music is probably fine, but not much good when i can't get it onto my i pod.
The music selected is a melange of different styles, all having one common denominator, mediocrity. One would have hoped for a better selection of the music we heard during this campaign. This montage certainly does NOT inspire. I doubt any astute Obama campaign manager would even listen --wimpy at best, not grassroots at all--with the possible exception of Stevie Wonder and Keb Mo. The rest are not up the the standard. Make your own mix! I would call this disappointing.
I bought all his other albums and didn't realize this is just a collection of the other songs.  Waste of money, unless you're looking to buy ONE album.Review of the other albums:Joubert's accompaniment is lovely.  Not just a piano or guitar.  His harmony is gentle and pretty and perfect.  His backup singers harmonize beautifully and evenly.  Zero sloppiness.The only criticism I might have is that German doesn't lend itself well to ballads.  I guess he's better in whatever language he finds most comfortable.I bought all his albums at the same time and have the same comments for all.  Forgive the repetition.
I have been a fan of Barbara Cook -- the REAL Barbara Cook -- for many, many years. She has still one of the most beautiful voices on the planet. This album of "inspirational" songs is NOT Barbara Cook, despite what it says on the cover. If it is, she was at some sort of nadir in her life, both mentally and vocally. Does anybody have any information on it? I'd love to know...
not happy because it was not compatible with wmp could not find the decoder need for it to play on computer. but amazon did reimburse me. that was kool
love this music but never got the product...dont know if i did somthing wrong :O( when trying to get this
I LOVE this album. I even have this album, not cd, not cassette, but vinyl album.But this mp3 rendering is terrible. IT'S NOT IN STEREO!! I just listened to the old vs the new. The old, in it's popping vinyl album glory, is at least in stereo!! These mp3 (which i regret now buying) sound like it's an AM radio station.You can listen to the samples and judge for yourself.Shame on Amazon! Re-rip it!!
I thought I was ordering the new CD, as there was no picture available what I received was the Karaoke version...........waste of money.
I too received notification of this, not only through Veterans organizations I belong to, but also through U.S. Military Morale, Welfare, & Recreation messages sent to Active Duty personnel worldwide.As a Disabled Vet, on limited income, but still serving my country as a proud employee of the military, I am very disheartened to find that Amazon can't/won't make good on the Veterans Day offer.I too am voting with my feet (or fingers in this case) and will be doing my shopping elsewhere. Amazon is not the be all/end all of discount shopping, or any other kind for that matter, on the Internet today. I may pay a few cents more elsewhere but I won't tolerate misleading ads and non-existent customer service, regardless of the price.I even tried communicating through their 'Help/Chat' system regarding this. The response I got was to call their customer service number, which is nothing more than another automated, frustrate the customer so they'll go away tool wrought upon us. I'm not playing the game, bye-bye Amazon.
Pathetic cover story for an advertisement stunt if Amazon wants all of us to believe that so many different websites had it all wrong. Please show us more respect than to ask us to believe "a rumor got started". Did the dog also eat your homework?
you just lost a customer, amazon.com, i am a veteran and saw the advertisment for the free download, and i figured after the hundreds of dollars i have spent on your site i deserved a free mp3 download and it turns out to be a publiity stunt, good job amazon you lost my money for ever.
I am so disappointed, to say the least! This was suppose to be a free download for the Vets on VETERAN'S DAY!!! Seems as though we ALL received emails or messages along the way advertising a FREE MP3 album download with a link to this album on amazon. My husband was actually looking forward to downloading these songs to enjoy on THEIR day. Unfortunately, we were unable to download the album FREE as advertised. I COULD still pay for it and download it for my husband, and I will, just not from Amazon. I'll be looking for something similar elsewhere. If amazon is going to do this to our Vets then amazon does not deserve my husband's (a Veteran) hard earned money. If I could give it ZERO stars I would!!!
I find it hard to believe that a big Company like Amazon hasn't stepped up to all of these negative remarks and made things right.  It would cost them next to nothing to make this available free as was so widely advertised. This is a product whose contents have been made available for free by the services on their Web sites from time-to-time and I can't imagine that they owe any royalty to anyone.  Think of the good will they could generate while bringing many many new customers to the site.  It would only be good business!!!
Like everyone else, I came to this site because it was advertised as free on Veterans Day.  Obviously not true.  What happened, Amazon?
Amazon.com - Free "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album downloadWhere is it.  They are charging 7.99 to Veterans.  Shame  Shame. Don't offer it for free if you want to sell it. I will have to think twice about using Amazon.  I have sp ent thousands here and they pull a fast one.You have just wasted my time and other Veterans out there. GOD BLESS AMERICA...........
I'm looking at my American Legion news letter and in the Veterans Day Discount section it states:Amazon.comPromotion: "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album download.Availability: Nov. 11, 2010ID Required: noneDetails: Normally retailing for $7.99, the album will be a free download on Nov. 11. The album includes 12 songs by bands and ensembles of the U.S. Armed Forces.Did I miss something?!?! Really?!?! Come on Amazon. Sounds like false advertisement to me. So much for my gift certificates through Amazon this holiday season.
It was advertised that this album was FREE to veterans on 2010-11-11.  I, like other veterans, came to Amazon looking for the album to see if it was something I would like to have.  I decided that it was and then started looking for how to fulfill the free offer.  Well guess what?  Have you ever heard "Nothings Free?"  I looked all over this item and searched the Amazon web site and found that "Nothings Free!"If you read this Amazon, and decide to honor your offer, let me know.  Oh, by the way.  If I do get the file,  I do not want anything to do with a Amazon downloader program that you are trying to force everyone to install in order to download a MP3 file.  It' is probably Amazon Spyware anyway!Have A Qaulity Day!A Real VeteranFollow up - 2010-11-12FreeBird must have taken the holiday off!After a review of all the comments about this supposed offer by Amazon, not a single person listed a comment stating that they had discovered how to get the free download. That pretty much makes it unanimous. There was no free offer put into place for fulfilling the offer.The thing that surpriese me the most is that only about 50 people out of the entire US Veteran population took the initiative to look and leave a comment when they found that they were unable to secure the free offer. That unfortunatly says a lot about the state of my fellow Veterans and the mind set of the American people in general. The current apathy for veterans and their needs is indeed pathetic. The Vets have become so used to getting the short end of the stick, they often don't even bother to complain.
What Happened Amazon.com was this done in error or is your firm really this lame.  Free is Free or am I missing a screen for the Veterans Day Honor.Em3Uss Constellation Cva 64  1967-69
Like other vets who've posted, I'm extremely disappointed to see that what was advertised as a "FREE" download from Amazon in honor of Veterans Day is actually a $7.99 purchase!I can understand a mistake or error, but it seems that many have tried to contact Amazon, but Amazon has failed to respond or offer any explaination.I served over twenty years in the Marine Corps and don't take kindly to those who would take advantage or abuse we who've worn the uniform!  I've been along-time Amazon customer, but this is the "end of the road"!  If Amazon can't take the time or find it important enough to remedy this situation, I'm NOT wlling to spend my hard-earned money with them!I'm going to post this on Facebook and an abrieviated version on Twitter to go viral so that others will know about this!
I am very, very disappointed in Amazon on this Veteran's Day hoax. For many years my Husband and I have spent many $$$$$ with Amazon from high end home entertainment systems to a significant video library. We'll be hard pressed to do any more business with Amazon, unless than can pubic ally apologize for this mess and make it right to those desiring this music.
I too heard about this offer and wanted to see what it was about.  I now know.  It was a gimmick to get vets to the site and spend their money... and to make Amazon.com look good in the eyes of all who didn't come to the site to see that it was a hoax.
I believe Amazon should assume full responsibility about this very disturbing hoax. How they use Veteran's Day as one more mechanism for profits. This is very unprofessional and unethical.Amazon is everything but a supporter of US Veterans and should publicly apologize. It will be rather difficult to purchase anything from Amazon again.
I guess this album keeps being advertised as free every year considering when the reviews were left. Perhaps it is not Amazon's fault, but the fault of websites and news outlets for keeping this on their list of "free for veteran's day" items and restaurant offerings.
To boast of one's Patriotic Pride, this may fit that bill...but speaking of myself only, I was not happy with this recording.Yes I support the soldiers whenever I can & however I can...but this album/song collection, was the pits...I did not listen to the whole thing because after I suffered through the 3rd song, I had to quit...My cat can carry a tune better than most of the people &#34;singing&#34; on this collection.It just is NOt my kind of Patriotic Music.
As a veteran, I received numerous emails and bulletins about the offers for veterans this Veteran's Day. This was listed on all as a free download item. Like myself, many are giving a 1 star rating to a pretty decent CD because of Amazon's failure to honor this offer. The men and women of the Armed Forced who are responsible for this CD did an outstanding job. I will be more than happy to purchase this CD after learning of it and hearing its quality. Considering the response, Amazon should have done the right thing and honored vets with this offer, even if it was an old offer.
After reading all the other customer reviews here, and getting sucked into the fray myself, I called customer support and got someone in India (of course).  I explained the situation and gave him the url address of this supposedly FREE "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album download on Amazon.com.  He apologized for the problem and said he would pass the information on to someone in charge....  He was sympathetic to the cause and agreed that it should be fixed, after seeing all the negative customer reviews about the situation.Perhaps those of us who took the time to write a review, may be contacted by Amazon.com and offered a free download, if and when this issue is cleared up.  Lord knows that we, as vets, deserve it!  If Amazon does not clear this matter up, they may indeed be faced with a Veterans Boycott and actually lose $$$$$ in the long run.  If nothing else, THAT should get their attention!  Happy Veterans Day to all who may read this.  Jim "Doc" LaCau, USN/USMC Corpsman, 1968-1972.
I was told this DVD was free to any veteran during a limited time around Veterans Day.  I came here to Amazon (where I was told it was free), looked all over for any thing about veterans, seeing none I assumed it would come up when I went through the check out.  Got all the way through and the next thing I knew I had bought the item.  (I have my credit card on file with Amazon and it closed the sale slick as a whistle!  NOTHING about Veterans or Free--I had been charged.  I tried to cancel the order and being unsuccessful I called and got Amazon to remove it from my credit card and the employee told me that it had been cancelled.  Now today I get the request to review it!Well my review is: I didn't order to purchase, the item was cancelled, I have never seen it let alone played it so someone who paid for it can make the review.
I downloaded this album for free as part of a Veteran's Day promotion. It does not play on my iTunes. It is therefore useless/worthless to me and wasted my time.
Pitiful! This CD has no sense. Do yourself a favor by not buying this junk. I am glad it was offered to me free of charge.
It's a shame that you advertise on Veterans Day that Vets can get a free download of 12 military songs as follows....".Amazon.com has a free album, Americans Day Honor, download of a dozen patriotic songs done by the U.S. Army band, U.S. Navy Band, U.S. Air Force band, U.S. Marine Band and U.S. Coast Guard Band. I didn't even know the Coast Guard had a band. Download the entire album for free. I already downloaded mine and listened to a few of the songs and they are very good."  OR did I miss something somewhere...seems like all the comments are like mine.  I'd love to see Amazon give some type of explanation concerning this.  I got my information from the American Vets group.
http://www.amazon.com/Veterans-Day-Honor/dp/B002QC4EL6****************************************************  Veterans Day Honor - FREE DOWNLOAD NOT FREE  ****************************************************How low and tacky can any American Company go on Veterans Day???I agree with 98% of all the reviews. How in the world did the American Legion online newsletter get this BOGUS offer?I'm sure this add created Thousands of hits for Amazon.com, probably Millions of hits, seeing there are about 1,800,000 military veterans in the USA.What a Shame. As a long-time customer of Amazon.com, I am going to have second thoughts every time I think of ordering something from this site in the future. Many of those thoughts will most likely say "NO" to future purchases.After this fiasco, I am ashamed to say I am (was) a loyal AMAZON.COM customer.  Maybe they can make good on the offer by sending every review writer and online inquiry an email link to this FREE AMERICANA Music.LarryChisausky@yahoo.comLarry - Proud to be an American & VietNam veteran and Proud of It!
Hearing about the free album for Vets several days ago, and looking forward to downloading it, I was extreamly dissapointed with Amazon when after spending hours looking for the 'FREE' album I discover it's not free after all. I'm now really upset that I just spent hundreds with Amazon and have them treat me and other Vet Families this way. I agree with all the other comments. Shame on you Amazon. I can only hope you find some way to make this up to all Vets and their families.
After being notified by several organizations that this album was being offered for free download today only from Amazon.com I was very upset to find out that this was not actually being offered for free; it does in fact cost $7.99 and from what I have been told individuals that may have just "assumed" that it was in fact free and may have inadvertently been charged if they were logged in and used the one-click checkout option. This only makes me concerned because even though technology has advanced dramatically over the years, the average American's understanding of this technology and what "click-through agreements" actually entail has not.  While people should not take a separate organizations word for the price of goods at an online retailer, I feel as though all of these negative reviews has prevented at least one person from inadvertently purchasing what was publicized as being offered as a tribute to all the great men and women that have served in our military.
This about tears it for me to quit Amazon altogether. Way to put out false advertising for some sort of commercial stunt.
I rec'd no less than 3 emails stating the free military music was available. I had my Applebees lunch, but no "free" music. I spend quite a bit of $$$ on Amazon...will rethink my purchases in the future due to this scam. Not very trustworthy in my opinion.
Several veterans organizations referred to this album being free on Veteran's Day.  I see that it is not.  Perhaps these organizations just wanted to frustrate Amazon users.
I have no idea why this is on my list, I didnt order it and it did not arrive. I suspect someone else ordered the item and I got the review. I think it sounds like it would be interesting music but I have no way to know
Military music is SUPPOSED to be public domain.  All concerts and recordings are SUPPOSED to be free and open to the public.  How can they sell the music of the U.S. Military Bands???
My husband served his country well in the Korean War and was excited to be able to get this album for free. Thought it was a very nice gesture by Amazon. I haven't told him yet that it was a hoax - whether by Amazon or by someone else -- it's not a good thing!! Amazon should make it available now for free since they've received massive free advertising from this and it would be good for business to end on a sweet note and not a sour one.
Adding another disgruntled and unhappy veteran's voice to the stream.  Not a good way to play it Amazon.  There are certainly lots of other places that I can, and will, choose to shop.
It is not free.  Where is the promotion code?  Where is the link?  Not free...I like many veterans came looking for the free download....not to be found.  How about an explanation, Amazon?
Like all the other Veterans who came here looking for the free album to download as advertised, was surprised to see it's listed as $7.99.  Why are they screwing over the ones who've served this great nation?  It doesn't make sense. Like all the others, the rating of 1 star doesn't apply towards the  album, but Amazon. Please Amazon.com get it right for next year.  Thanks.
Amazon, you should be ashamed of yourself. You offer free downloads of "Veterans Day Honor" and then there is no way to download this album on your site.  If you mislead the veterans who served this great country then I have no desire to purchase anything from you again.  I for one will share this with everyone I know who buys from your site. Shame on you!  I hope all veterans stop purchasing from Amazon.
I saw this advertisement from numerous sources: Amazon.com - Free "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album download. The album includes 12 songs by The Bands and Ensembles of the U.S. Armed Forces.I am dissapointed to see that it actually costs $7.99.  I'm not sure if this is intentional or an oversight but Amazon should have made sure they got it right for the Veterans.
This album of taxpayer funded songs was supposed to be free for download today (November 11, 2010 - Veteran's Day) for all Veteran's, yet it is listed at $7.99.  Hardly free.  Is there a code we are supposed to enter?Customer service phone line handled by a guy from India who doesn't even know what Veteran's day is!!!  Doesn't know what the American Legion is or the VFW.  Cannot fix the problem and really doesn't seem to care one wit about Veteran's.  Someone needs to send this to Bill O'Reilly or Sean Hannity.
I got the very same information about the "free" download and had come to this website with every intention to get the "free" download. The very first thing I found here was so many negative reviews about Amazon's offer! Usually I would not let a few negative reviews deter me, but after reading several negative comments, with them all saying pretty much the same thing about Amazon's offer being bogus or outdated, and NOT FREE, I simply had to take the word of my fellow Veterans and/or their families and throw in my own two-cent statement! I want to thank my fellow Veterans and their families for posting their comments and saving ME the trouble of having my credit card charged $8.00 - only to have to call Amazon Customer Service to get the mess straightened out...which as many of us know, is hard to do! I'm posting this review in the hope that other Veterans will read BEFORE they proceed any further! Shame on Amazon to not give up what is but less than a mustard seed of their financial empire to show appreciation for what me, my fellow Veterans, and those who have served and sacrificed before us, have done for America! Let's hope that Amazon will read and take heed our comments and do what is right, IF they intend to do anything to honor and support Veterans at all.
Of all the great offers fir veterans on this Veterans Day, the only "freebie" in which I was interested was the FREE MP3 download. I certainly hope this was an AMAZON screwup and not just a cruel and misleading ad. I am waiting patiently for you to correct the error. Otherwise I will simply assume it was a major slap in the face to all those who have served to provide you with the free country that allows you to makie all your money.
Can't believe all these people are wrong - I would have at least expected a single song download off this Veteran's Day Album for free.  Very disappointed.
Be honest with you - I have n recollection of purchasing this item. I am sure I would remember it if I did. Sorry I cant give a competent review.
Boo says it all.  Shame on you Amazon on Veterans day!!  all see below from American Legion web site.Amazon.comPromotion: "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album download.Availability: Nov. 11, 2010ID Required: noneDetails: Normally retailing for $7.99, the album will be a free download on Nov. 11. The album includes 12 songs by bands and ensembles of the U.S. Armed Forces
Thank God, some of you wrote reviews.  I think you were the only confirmation of my doubts.  I too was on the phone with Amazon and they try to tell you how to search for the mp3, not that they were not offering the free mp3.  The supervisor would not give a direct answer nor speak to me.  It was disheartening to not get a resolution.  Semper Fi all others.
It is disappointing that Amazon has not seen fit to live up to the word, "Honor"! I have tried many different ways to find the FREE VETERANS DAY MP3 DOWNLOAD, but to no avail.  My husband, 2 sisters, 2 brothers, 1 sister-in-law, 2 brothers-in-law and countless uncles, aunts, cousins, nieces, nephews and friends, have served this country honorably and have been lured to Amazon by an untruthful advertisement that honors their service. My family alone has served a combined 243 years in our U.S. Armed Forces and Amazon should honor their advertisement for ALL who have served, by making this FREE download available and should extend the offer for another week beyond 11/11/10.  What a shame...
I did not download the music because it comes with a string.  You must download their player and it installs automaticly. The other choice was to use the cloud which means I would not be able to use it on my Nano Pod.  I don't want or need another media player on my computer.  That being said I do apprcate Amazon honoring Veterans.  (But I don't want the player...just the MP3 file of the music.)
It is all over the internet and in many emails about all the free offers for veterans this week. I was excited to see that the service related music would be free for veterans. Then I found that Amazon had done it again and used the blood and sacrifice of our veterans to gain a little free advertisement. I have bought many things from Amazon over the years but this does it for me. I will also spread the word about the low they have stooped to this time.
I ask this of businesses that abuse Veteran's Day?  WHY???  Don't you think we have been used enough, forgotten and ripped many times.  I truely appreciate when a business takes the time to honor veterans.  When a business uses Veteran's Day to promote a sale in which veteran's get no more of a discount than any other person it is very much a let down.  Being a disable veteran I also have to deal with the people that park in the handicapped spot and they really don't need to use it at all, they walk just fine.  If I owned Amazon I would send every vet on here that complained a free CD of the songs that we were supposed to get for free.  I hope this doesn't happen at Amazon again :(Semper Fi...
Came to Amazon today (Veteran's Day 2010) after seeing on the American Legion website that this "Veteran's Day Honor" album would be free for military vets on Veteran's Day. If it is available free to military vets and/or to anybody, I must be stupid because I can't figure it out. Thanks Amazon. Happy Veteran's Day.
So Amazon gets a whole bunch of free publicity and then doesn't come through with the goods. Not a glowing endorsement of the company, I'd say.I forwarded a note to the American Legion asking for their help since they mentioned it on their website ... and now it isn't on the page anymore. I guess they couldn't get answers from Amazon, either.
After numerous phone calls and email to Amazon trying to find out what is going on with this and only to be told by one person, RAJ B, it would be available free in half an hour after they fixed the server. I waited one and half hours only to run into the same thing again.  Called back and transferred to two different people this time only to be told ALL the sources that declared this special "FREE" album were wrong and they have no idea where it came from.  Too bad it would have a nice thing to do but then again that is not good business is it? That's alright though there were a LOT of other business's that were treating Veterans pretty good today and it was great to see so many out and about.
I found several places that stated a free MP3 album download for veterans day.  I went to the site listed, and it was an album that reminded me of my days in the military. I proceeded to get the album.  The next day, I noticed a charge of 7.99 on my credit card.  I called the amazon customer service to complain about it.  Customer services stated there was no free album, and there was nothing advertising there was supposed to be.  I pointed to her that there were a lot of individuals on the review that stated they were attempting to retrieve the free album, so there was obviously something stating a free album.  After several discussions, they promised to reverse the charges.
Like many others, I am disappointed to not be able to download the album as advertised on many sites. My husband served in the Coast Guard band many years ago and was happy to see that they are on the album.  We hope that Amazon will rectify this situation.
I love E. Dewey Smith but I was somewhat disappointed in this CD. I will stick with watching his youtube vids.
Not what I wanted!I cant delete it. The sound is distorted .it wasn't they ones i wss looking for. REFUND
It does not make sense for me to buy your cd, when i just need one..... don't worry about it... i will pull it of YOUTUBE....  PLUS I'm A DJ...
the performance is fine but the technical recording is terrible.  recording levels were obviously way too hot.  it sounds fine during the quieter passages but there is very annoying distortion each time the vocals become loud.  any competent recording engineer can recognize their is serious "clipping" throughout much of this recording.  it is so bad it gives me a headache.Bach: Cantata No. 147 - "Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben"
This material was stolen from the blog of Lee Hartsfeld, an extremely hard-working music collector who puts countless hours and dollars into collecting excellent old vinyl and shellac sides, then digitizing and restoring them impeccably. Lee shares his music for free, so find his blog and stay tuned for other material like this -- he shares rare old gospel music every Sunday. Certainly don't give money to these thieves.As in the other review, the single star is for the nefarious and dishonest activity of the vendor--not the excellent material itself.
This material was stolen from the hard preservation work of Lee Hartsfeld.  It is actually great stuff - the single star is for the pretenders who have circumvented morality & are selling it as if it were really theirs to sell.
I did not mean to download this item. I have paid for it so I will keep it. I will probably never watch it. I do not like to hear him sing although I like the lyrics he writes for many songs.
i thought it was a cmpilation of songs performed by the actual artist not another singer who didnt do as well.
All the songs are wrong.  The titles listed are the songs at all,  The music is poor, the songs are confusing.  I amsorry I ordered it, and wish I could arrange a credit.
I could not download them, nor could I download and play anything from Amazon.com and I tried for a very long time until i was very sick and tired of the whole thing, it seems like it was long ago and I guess that I was, I will not try again, because it will be the same thing, they want you to download and install some program that I really don't care about in order to download and hear the songs, I even did that, but It didn't work, I won't go thru all of that again. I do hate that way of doing business and I don't want to download and install such kind of programs again.Amazon can keep their XXXXX songs to themselves.
not what I was expecting, quite the opposite of what I was hoping from this collection - looking for upbeat and postive
I was testing out my new Kindle which was given to me as a gift.  I clicked on this product from Amazon and I was totally dissatified with the songs because when it said traditional - I thought the music would be what I deemed to be traditional, but it was not my cup of tea.
if there were less thank one star i would give it, but instead i'll give this warning:  this is grounded in NEW AGE and HINDU traditions.  Yoga is a meditative state to summon Hindu spirits - you simply cannot have one without the other.  ask ANY real yogi and he will tell you flat out.  STAY AWAY FROM blends of cr@p that call themselves "CHRISTIAN".  honor God and pray for wisdom and discernment.
It is too bad we don't get to play a little bit of the song before we download it to our device.  If we had, I would NOT have downloaded this version of the song I wanted.  It was definitely not what I had hoped for.
In listening to inexpensive digital transfers of analog recordings, one notices dramatic variations in quality.  At one extreme there are superb items such as the Puccini Girl of the Golden West with Tebaldi, and at the other extreme is this poor transfer of the fine Forster version of the St. John Passion.  It is the worst I've heard--the sound level is VERY low, and even when the sound is cranked way up, it sounds muddy and unfocused.  It's awful.  I own the old LP Seraphim version from the 70s, which I remembered as sounding excellent.  I pulled out my much played LPs last night to make such I wasn't nuts--in fact, the LPs have beautiful, clear, detailed sound--they're just noisy from having been played a lot.IMHO Amazon should withdraw this until something is done about the sound.  They'd be better off with a decent version of this for the same price as the 1964 Richter recording, to which it is rather comparable.  It's disgraceful to see this fine performance subjected to such mistreatment.
The title of this Mp3 says Performance track and vocal demonstration but this track is only the demonstration vocals by "Done Again."  There is no download for the performance track.  This was the right arrangement by Deniece Williams I've been looking for but still could not find the performance track.
I love this song. But I can barely hear it. I've turned up both volumes all the way and you have to strain to hear it. I bought another one but it doesn't start at the beginning. I'll try it one more time. I should have listened to the preview better. I just assumed I could turn it up enough to hear it louder.
it has been a whole month i have not recieved my cd. I know the cd will be jamming but i have yet to get it. At church a young lady praised dance to the title track . She had everyone giving God the glory and praise.
There were only two songs that my family enjoyed.  The rest of them sound all alike. That being said, Three2U harmonize better then any group I have ever heard and if they would do a more cohesive uniformed album I would buy it just for the way they blend.
Song downloaded was "He'll Do It Again".  I wanted "Take Me Through This Valley".  I tried several times to download this song.  Right now I have two (2) "He'll Do It Again" and no "Take Me Through This Valley".
I love everything Georgia Mass puts out.  This was not exception.  I love traditional music & this is a wonderful project.
The songs and the listed titles do not match.  I have heard better and expected move for my money. I would not recommend this purchase.
The songs are good but the audio is terrible. I do not recommend this album unless you like to hear singing down a long tunnel because that's what it sounds like.
love it! great work and truly inspiring. you are blessing millions with this song keep up the good work!!! i i see you in the future, its looking good
I thought i was going to get a cd shipped. But this is only downloaded content. Content is fine. But couldn't get any of it to play. Waste of 10.00 bucks
it sounds like a kid trying a keyboard. kind of disruptive. not pleasant for me. very disappointed. listen to the somg entirely before buying to make sure you feel good listening to it
Music was monotoned.  Where there should be soprano to give the piece elevation the music was left in alto and so on and so on.
I have not received this item.
I was unable to download the sung after I purchased it. I tried to download amazon app to windows 8.1, unsuccessful.
I really, really wanted to like this because Thurston is a really fabulous Praise and Worship Leader, but this seemed very forced and you can't manufacture the Holy Spirits presence.  I should have listened to the samples before purchasing and downloading.
This is a first i just got these songs from tim rogers and the fellas album and none of the song are rite or titles bad bad bad deal