not happy with this one.wouldnt give as a gift.doesnt have the magic that i am looking for in quite music
These tracks are widely available on Amazon and if one looks hard enough, he/she will find undubbed versions.The original tracks cut in 1959 had minimal orchestration and it served tradition...and Little Richard. His voice is incredibly powerful and moving..and the less "distraction" the better. It appears, through the "samples" here, that the slow-paced Gospel ballad, "Does Jesus Care?", survived the crass post-production.The real outrage is with the wonderful "Certainly, Lord", Richard's first A-side on End records in late 1959 (titled "Save Me Lord"). His voice is mixed upfront and actually could have found a comfortable spot on any of Specialty albums! But here we have an out-of-sync, inappropriate drum beat.I'd recommend only "Does Jesus Care?", on this MP3.
I admit it, I am a music bigot.  I enjoy a very limited spectrum of music.  Listening to Pandora, I heard their wonderful rendition of &#34;On Christ The Lord&#34; and thought, &#34;I need to check these guys out.&#34;  It turns out that most of their music is swift, booming boogie and not very inspiring at all.  To give them their due, they are excellent musicians who know how to sing a song with passion, but that is half their problem.  The passion goes into loud bass drums and fast-tempoed songs with a few words thrown in for spice.  Their cover shows a man's face in the throes of inspiration, or perhaps epiphany. The only epiphany I received from listening to their album was that they liked fast-moving music that reminds me of big band (and I hate big band) with an occasional slow down to sing one of those pearls without price that surprises everyone, probably including themselves.  If you like boogie, then you probably will like this album, but I do not and I did not.  I regret ever purchasing it.
The song did not follow traditional form. The background voices sang for most of the song and were too loud.
Not at all what I expected.  A very poor production..  May be my fault, I should have listened to it before buying.  But you kinow, it IS Whitney Houston!
I downloaded the short version of the bridal chorus on this album and was really disappointed. A song should NOT be listed as 57 seconds long when it contains over 10 seconds of silence between the "fade in" and "fade out"!
The music is awesome as is all of Glsd's music, but I do not like the digital download at all. I do not like the pauses in the middle of the songs like I was listening to it on the internet. I wish I had purchased the CD instead.
I am not at all happy with the quality of the performing artists on  this album.  Not at all professional.  My money was wasted on this i
Unfirtunatly, NOT the best country Gospel CD.  Quite a few 'un-great' songs...many I've never heard.  Only a few were of sweet remeberance (and keep in mind I was raised on this music, from bluegrass to gospel).  So, it was not the best CD.
It was too nasal...I am .disappointed with the whole album...sorry...was looking forward to some good country gospel music...didn't get it.
It only had one hit song that I liked. I don't think the band did well but then it could be my taste. Arrived quickly.
This album shows the limits of "sampling" when the artists being sampled -- in this case Barack Obama and Dr. Martin Luther King -- are geniuses and the sample-ers are mediocre soft-pop musicians.
This one needs to be remixed.  The quality is so poor it is difficult to hear all the words.  I only gave a &#34;2&#34; rating out of courtesy to these fine gentlemen.
I brought this CD as a gift to my aunt, who fell in love with this song ever since it came onto the radio a while back. However to my dismay, when the package finally came, we learned that this was not even the right CD. Two unknown artists -though they sounded pretty decent- sang the song and the artwork of the CD showed that this was merely a 'cover' of Bebe and CeCe's song, whereas when you look at the posting here online, it doesn't indicate that and there's actually no picture provided for said CD.All in all, if you're looking for the Bebe and CeCe Winans version, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME/MONEY AND DO NOT ORDER THIS CD.
Nice idea, but fell flat.
Amazon;What a really fine Company they have been for years , ( I mean that)I have done many transactions with them. and always been very satisfied.Now suddenly they have lied and deceived America's citizens with this phoney offer.....of Patriotic songs ....I only hope that the people who work for Amazon and were responsible for this asinine decision are standing in the unemployment line.These people not only lied about a phony deal that was supposed to Honor America's Heroes who have served our Great Country with pride but worse than that they thought we were gullible enough to think they truly care about these American Patriot's!!!They should be ashamed and also offer a apology to every Veterans they have lied to and also they should apology to every American Period.Gary ChenettMichiganVietnam Veteran1967/68 of which 1,000 Veterans are dying daily from Agent Orange cancers andsicknesses andanother 1,500 or more Veterans from WWII on who are dying daily for their love of our Country
So much for finding out how to do this! :(Amazon.comPromotion: "Veterans Day Honor" MP3 album download.Availability: Nov. 11, 2010ID Required: noneDetails: Normally retailing for $7.99, the album will be a free download on Nov. 11. The album includes 12 songs by bands and ensembles of the U.S. Armed Forces
started to download, then stopped, tried a couple of times but just wouldnt come my way. i guess i just gave up sence it was free.
I was expecting for the music to have all the music from the services but it came up short on some of the common military songs.
The album was free on veterans day, or I wouldn't have gotten it. After hearing all of the selections I wasn't impressed. Sousa marches are what people feel more patriotism.
The old standards are fine, but some of the more contemporary songs are just really bad.  Amateurs wrote them and performed them.  Just not up to snuff.  Better to cover other stuff, or stick to what works - marching music.
I find that free music at the time of purchase can be a novitaly. I'm not a fan of this song. For myself I prefer more tradtional hymns and easy listening music.
I wanted the CD Marvin Sapp made this CD says song made famous by Marvin Sapp.  Marvin Sapp is not singing on the CD at all, I Was very disappointed.  The song is played twice no vocal, and once with some one else singing and that's all that is on the CD.
Good, but repetitive, and all these songs I've heard before.  If she can do more songs, and have more than 3 words repeated constantly in them then her voice could really be showcased...because there's no doubt that Kierra's talented.
I already had Sista' Monica's "Sweet Inspirations" album and bought this one hoping it was similar. We use her music at our church services. "Singin' In The Spirit" is more like a recording from a church service, not as good in my humble opinion as her other works. She is a powerful singer and this album does not do her even begin to display her very talented voice.Buy "Sweet Inspirations" by Sista' if you want a true inspirational experience.Sweet Inspirations
the album was very, very disappointing; I expected much more; if I had the opportunity to return it for refund--I would
Many of the songs cut off in the middle.  At first I thought it was my download but the time of song is the same on my media player as it is here on the album.  Very disappointing.  Great music just not complete songs.
i was very disappointed in this album. i think smitty is trying too hard to be young again. i love the more mature songs like the ones on  worship, worship again, healing rain, etc. he also sounds so country on "wonder" the way he says words. i really can't give an example because i haven't listened to it except once or twice since i bought it. anyone looking for worship or spiritually moving songs will not find them on here. i bought the cd off his website without hearing any samples because i had never been disappointed in him. i would like to see him go back to the type songs he sings the best.... the kind that puts you smackdab in the middle of God's presence.
the shipping was fast.When I ordered the product is was said that the condition was good.However, the case was not in a good condition.The plastic cover was broken.Not really pleasing to receive.
I've been a huge fan of Caedmon's Call for nearly a decade.  They're music was simply superior to any other Christian group out there.  In the Company of Angels remains one of my favorite all-time albums of any band.But I agree with another reviewer that I don't know where this band is going, and it isn't good IMO.  The music and lyrics of this album are inferior to past albums.  Cliff Young is their best singer, and he's not heard much.  And worse, they're heart for worship just isn't there anymore.Caedmon's Call --- if you read this review --- I love you guys for the great music over the past decade and more.  But this albums stinks.  Return to whatever you were doing and whoever you were working with, because I'm going to have to listen to the next album closely before I buy it.
I have always loved Caedmon's Call and I was extremely excited that they were finally releasing a new album. However, I was very disappointed with this new album Raising Up The Dead. I do not like the sound or direction of this album. I guess I will continue to listen to my older Caedmon's CDs and leave this one alone. I am a disappointed long time fan.
While some of these pieces are well done, I found the variety of pformance styles to be too diverse for listening to this album as a whole.
it's as if these songs are treated as some sort of musical exercise with no regard for the message. The instrumental pieces are especially lacking per nacho's comments.
The download of the music was fine, however after listen to all the songs I was made aware of why it was free
I wanted to find the old gospel songs that my husband likes so much.I found a couple, but not the ones I expected to find. A little disappointed.
One can certainly appreciate the content of the beloved hymns offered here, but with all due respect to previous reviews and the album's contributors, there's not a lot to commend these interpretations.With the exception of the warm and reverent "Near the Cross", the group Savae, performs several rather sterile and perfunctory tracks that offer lifeless arrangements featuring vocalists that display truly modest talent.Meanwhile, Ben Bowen King's various guitar instrumentals are largely indistinguishable from one another rendering the timeless melodies of the hymns all but lost in his arrangements. The same could be said for the two tracks attributed to Gaelic Strings.The music and message of great Gospel hymns is eternal...this admirable but flawed effort, not so much.
I down loaded this for free and paid to much. Brutal christian rock and wannabe rockers. Faux reggae, faux metal, faux rock. The lyrics are all goopy about Jesus and God and Christ.  A couple of OK instrumentals but when ever the singers open their mouths, they spout creepy religious babble.
Being a fan of christian karaoke, and also the music of Steven Curtis Chapman, I was excited to find a karaoke track of his catchy song "Long Way Home".  After listening to this version however, there were 2 major problems I discovered immediately:  1) the melody changes tempo during the chorus (I think it's the chorus anyway), and 2) it lacks background vocals - something this song relies heavily upon to give it its catchy fun sound.  I later discovered the company who produced this track doesn't add background vocals to most if not all of their releases so I guess I will have to let that one go.Bottom line:  if you're looking for a karaoke/accompaniment track of this song, don't pick this version. Hopefully other companies will produce a track to this song instead (none have yet as of this writing).
Well, this cd was honestly a big letdown. As typical with most Christian rap, the lyrics were ok but the music quality is not up to par for today's standards. It seems like i could have made some of these tracks on my computer, there was just not that professional quality sound that I was looking for. I love Christian rap but usually only Reach Records ever makes the quality music I'm looking for. I support what these artists on the cd are doing, but music today is too expensive for me to spend money on such low quality music.
This project truly conveys the heart, soul, and labor of a very gifted individual. From beginning to end the production, mixing, mastering, and vocals flow seamlessly. Music masterfully executed and lyrically sound. A project likened to a Quincy Jones masterpiece. Awesome job!Many blessings and great things to come for V. George Smith.-Megan AshleyAshleyRene Ent.P.S.I GIVE THIS PROJECT 5 STARS AND HIGHER!!!AMAZON ISN'T ALLOWING ME TO CLICK THE HIGH RATINGS...IT CHOSE 2 STARS FOR ME.
Thought I was getting the real song by the artist as the title was deceptive.  Thats just how you learn how things work I guess.
I should have listened to more of the samples before buying. There are so many musical styles represented here (urban/black gospel, southern gospel, old-time solo-driven songs, and straight hymns) and they just seem to be thrown together without much thought. Some of the songs are familiar and some completely obscure. Some of the arrangements are OK and some are pretty awful. It is hard to listen to the album straight through. And, unfortunately, the recording quality is really poor on some selections, especially those of the St. John Church of God In Christ Choir, where it sounds like they recorded in an echo chamber. In the end, even though there are a few nice selections, I wish I had not spent the money.
Music wasn't that great and neither was the performance.  Words were reasonable, but daughter wouldn't listen to it or consider it any from of &#34;replacement&#34; for her current appetite of country western music.  (which in this mom's opinion, has questionable lyrics, morals, and stars in the mix!)
This album seemed to have been 'put together quickly'. There is a song that the leader's voice is hoarse; it ws painful to hear him try to belt out the notes. I do like the shouting song 'Wait'. I bought this album not knowing the artists- I do this occasionally to find new stuff that may never get radio play . I am disappointed that the sound recording quality appears poor. Maybe the goal was not to make a musical splash and was just to have a 'Goodtime'- true to its name.
I purchased this to listen too. Not all the songs are my favorite but I just got it for the heck of it. I seen him on television and wanted to hear more of his music.
It was just ok he did two much talking and i wanted to hear mor of his voice al though I did like two othe song that was on the cd that some one else was singin.
I expected more singing less talking from someone with this wonderful voice.
I purchased this based upon the clips, but once I heard the whole album it was really repetitive. The songs seemed to blend together and get lost. It felt like background noise instead of worship music.
None of these songs contain background vocals and all are instrumentals only.  Let the buyer beware.  There are other versions of these songs available from other companies, which do have background vocals.
Not what I expected
It seems unappreciative to say I didn't care for this CD as much as others of the same type that I have purchased.  The price is certainly right, but the sound quality left much to be desired.  This is one I will likely delete from my collection, sad to say.
Too old fashioned and  thought it be rocking with a title &#34;shout it out&#34; but it was not.  I was disappointed.
I did not see a list of performers before I bought it. I had not heard any of them befotr it.
Not very pleased with this purchase.  I don't think these should be used as worship songs.  Very disappointed in this purchase.
first, they have about a 1 minute section for each song that is looped once or twice to make filler.  Second, all the good classics they have changed the words so you can not sing along and this also destroys the meaning of these old songs.  They even destroyed how great thou art for crying out load.  glad I only lost a buck on this one.
Very little instrument use. Cappella is good but not for all songs. Some voices were stronger than others. Adding verses to old songs like How great Thou Art is a good way to destroy a good song. Wasn't impressed at all.
old, not very many good songs, no really top forty, more like top cheap 40 hits, I think oh well I know better next time
It is not CHRIstian BELLS, it is just a cheap instrumental music. Amazon, you should let people to listen a music what they buy.One star for an album and less than one star for Amazon MP3 service.
The songs are gorgeous, but Amazon's cloud player totally ruins the presentation! Buy this album, but buy it some other way!
This is one of the worse Gospel compilation I've heard.This has nothing to do with Gospel. It's a mix-match of melodies, poorly played.
This is just not my type of music for gospel listening! Jazz listeners would definitely love most of the songs.
the songs are not the best and is in no way what I wanted or expected.  I do not listen to it, and in fact erased it.
I really wanted to love The Royal Royal's album "The Return of the King". I really did. They take a lot of musical risks throughout the album that separate themselves from standard CCM worship artists. I also appreciate the vertical lyrics directed to God. Unfortunately the album's worshipful lyrics don't dig too deep and they are endlessly repeated.I just happened to listen to David Crowder's "Never Let Go" before writing this review. The song repeats the lyrics "You never let go" countless times, but each time he says it with a different emphasis and tone that really makes you understand how God REALLY never let's go. This is not the case on "The Return of the King". The repetition on this album does not seem to be designed to emphasize the content, but rather to get stuck in your head.The first half of the album has many songs that are energetic and fun but are ultimately underwhelming because of the lackluster lyrics and repetitiveness. "Every Little Bit of Praise" aims high, but misses terribly. It has a neat retro feel, but ultimately it just sounds awkward and corny. The chorus sings "Every little bit of praise belongs to you", and that line is sung 20 times throughout the three and a half minute song (yes, I counted). There are really only two other weak tracks that are both found on the first half of album: "The Lights" and "Holding On".  "The Lights" is a standard CCM song with an electronic flair, and "Holding On" is an emo-pop song driven by an uninspiring drum machine and synthesizer.Fortunately there are some stronger moments on the latter half of the album. The Bon Jovi inspired sound on "Find Me" provides a fun listening experience with a little more vulnerability in the lyrics than we have seen until this point. The opening lines of the song proclaim: "Find me on my knees again / I'm calling out, I need some faith again / help my heart of unbelief / I need your love to calm the doubt in me / you're the hope inside of me / your word is like a lamp unto my feet". The upbeat gritty rocker "Great" proves to be a catchy and memorable tune. It reminds me of the band Vota in a good way. The softer highlights include the gentle piano driven ballad "Shine" and the quietly epic "Light a Fire". However, even the strong moments off this album are plagued with repetitiveness which keep these songs from being extraordinary.Vocal duties on the album are shared between Italian-Canadian brothers Nathan and Gabriel Finochio, who are the creative minds behind the music. Strangely enough, on the chorus of "Find Me", the vocals sound eerily similar to Reese Roper of Five Iron Frenzy. Additionally the vocals on throughout the verses of that song, and a few other times throughout the album, remind me of the vocalist of the band Red Umbrella (also Canadian).If you like the simple worshipful lyrics, and do not mind repetition in your worship lyrics, then by all means you may love this album. Otherwise you probably want to skip out on this release and try some Rend Collective or Crowder.  2.5/5 stars.
I found this CD to be a little disappointing in that there is only one or two traditional sounding songs. I love Beverly Crawford and have other CDs of hers but I wouldn't recommend this one if you're looking for a traditional gospel sound.