Very good music muddled by background noise, pops and scratches.  If you have a high tolerance for these defects, go ahead and buy.  I am okay with a certain amount of noise and ended up saving 11 tracks.  The rest went to the recycling bin.  These must have been transferred from the original 78's.  It's a shame that these aren't available in remastered version with some noise reduction.  I know music purists hate this technology, but if these songs had been remastered and cleaned-up, I'd keep all the tracks.
Dated songs but still enjoyeable once in a while. Great band that went on to some great albums (Power House, Highlands, Inside, Redemption etc).BTW Amazon, that is the WRONG cover image... totally different band.
Some very lovely tunes here but too many were spoiled by a piano rendering from what seemed like a 2nd year piano book, a single note-at-a-time of the treble clef, played on a very bright and crisp piano. Not relaxing at all. But I suppose some will like this style.
These are great arr.s that stand the test of time, if you like brass choirs you'll love this. Having said that, if you are hoping (as I was) that this is the same recording as the LP from 1971 (LS-5567-LP) I'm pretty sure it's not.
A bit too straight.  I've been following the Mills Bros. for a lifetime, would have appreciated it more had they used more stylization
First the Good...Now I'm biased because I sang in the recording session. BUT!!! cmon this is Detroit Gosepl at it's best. Brian Watkins, Tony Lucas, Larry Tucker, And of course Volley! Victor and Derek directing!!! This was done in the heyday of about 9 choirs releasing albums left and right from the local area. Wanda is at her best hitting impossible notes and preaching all over the place. Oh yeah it was like 90 million degrees in Peters Rock that whole day!! If you have never heard this woman sing live?...find a way to see her, rather she's in Atlanta or Detroit! This Recording was CRAZYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!....... 5 stars!! Now the bad, the label Sound Of Gospel has no buisness releasing albums like this. you know, that havent been properly mixed or overdubbed. I cant blame them altogether because Donald Vails and Thomas Whitfield as well as Derek Milan and several others have done a great job with the post recording side of the music buisness on the same label. HOWEVER! If Wanda is happy with this muffled and bootleg sound?, who am I to question it. 1 star!!Overall  I give it 4 stars. Lots of energy is transferred to the listner, just not the enormity of the amount of talent that was amassed to  create it. Too bad This album should have been a Detroit Classic.
song is very spiritual song that I wish was longer because im expression if Gods love is more words than what was sang.
This is not a bad album at all, but I quite prefer the originals to the remixes in just about every case.
I bought this and a bunch of other albums on recommendation. Perhaps I am a bit picky, but most people are. The reviews said this was a good track. It's OK, but I'm not going to recommend it to others. I can't. Still, if you are into blues type of music, perhaps this is for you. As for me, I need something catchy. If there was another way of explaining this... You know how it is when you go into a neighborhood and see the paint jobs on houses. Well, this album is not like the fire house red one, nor is it the eyesore crack-house on the corner. However, this album is not like the fantastically painted Victorian either. It would behoove whomever is interested in the music to listen to Youtube or free samples before they buy the album.
This version wasn't the one that I liked most but I did enjoy listening to the music it was ok
These songs are very nice, but everyone cannot accommodate of M3.  We would like t o have theseCatholic songs on CD, if you could. Thank you.  Mary
I ordered this thinking that they were going to do a lot of songs together, but they only sang one song and that was all. The rest of the cd was all the same song. but instrumental. I would of like to of  heard him sing the same song over and over with different artist. The song that they did was great the rest of the cd was great, but it wasn't what I expected. So to me it was a little disappointment.
I had been hearing the song &#34;Churchin&#34; on Pandora Radio for a while and wanted that song in particular. I could only get it by download if I bought the entire album. To my surprise, there were a few more songs that I actually like, so it was a good buy after all.
But, the voice is kinda, I Da know, just did'nt seem right. Also, I did think it was music. Thank's
They say  there was a time in the late 1970's in Kingston, Jamaica where literally EVERYONE you encountered on the road was either a professional musician/artist or aspiring to be so. With reggae having, at that point, reached a point where it had become not only the main method of escape from the poverty and the negativity, but maybe even the ONLY method which was legal (and you can definitely well research  the number of former and then current `professional' badmen who entered the music business as well) and far more attractive than the gun for even some of the youths who ended up taking that route as well. While I wasn't on the planet at that time exactly, I did begin life and growing shortly thereafter (in the early 1980's), still in the musical `shadow' of that era and the beginning of this current modern area, really, besides a GREAT DEAL of more options opening, which is a very important thing for the youths, you still have unknown and aspiring musicians traveling from all over the island towards Kingston, eager to make their name and eventual pay (even me, myself, when I grew up it was my first dream to follow in the steps of some of my favourite DJ's like Mad Cobra and Beenie Man and take the mic one day myself). For someone, like myself, who virtually prides himself as being on top of things musically, from reggae Jamaica and reggae the extended community the world over, this makes things rather difficult to follow, not only abroad, but even right under my own nose. When an international reggae artist reaches a certain point of popularity and ability and score the necessary hits to further their name more and more, I USUALLY hear about them rather quickly and LONG before they actually reach with an album (names like Alborosie, Gentleman and more recently Cali P come to mind). However, for Jamaican artists, things are much different. I can name you more than a few artists who have just scored with a handful of big tunes or so that you probably haven't heard of at all and recommend that you definitely take a further listen  to them (right now that would be New York based DJ Rally Bop and potential superstars Einstein and Bramma de Bomba, of course). So you can imagine my surprise the couple of times a year or so when I actually see an album (or am introduced to by some other method, such as here) from a Jamaican artist who I have ABSOLUTELY NEVER heard of before. Last year, it was an artist who I thought rang a bell, only to discover it wasn't who I though it was in Black Panther, who reached with his debut album, Give Some Love for (ST. ANN'S!) Vikings Productions while managing to go virtually COMPLETELY under my radar and now it appears as if I've found the first of two candidates this year.Which brings us to Jah Jah Yute. Were you to have told me that there was relatively talented artist from out of Hanover, I probably wouldn't even have paid you much attention and figured that, like so many others, when he reached a point of actually being regarded as `relatively talented' he would also reach onto my radars as just because I'm quite a ways away from Mobay, a TRULY good vibes tend to travel through Jamaica like a hyper-fueled country bus. But, there I was in the studio of a good friend who lives on Anguilla and he had a few pieces he was listening to, two of which contained work from an artist by the name Jah Jah Yute, who I assumed was a local artist, but lo and behold was actually from my country. What attracted to me to him, as opposed to the few other names on the players (one of which was a very nice female dancehall artist from out of Cayman who I need to check back), was his sound. When I first heard Jah Jah I actually thought it was simply a few unheard cuts from veteran Jamaican roots singer (and one of my favourites) Everton Blender. Jah Jah doesn't exactly have that POLISHED tone of the Blender (which is no critique to him, MOST singers don't have that kind of shine and will NEVER develop it, it is truly unique to the Blender definitely), but definitely had something else which attracted me to him, something which was completely to his own credit. I LOVE a commitment to roots music! And you'll find singers of the vibes who don't have that degree of  pledge to the vibes and instead (as a producer friend of mine told me) will literally use it simply as a method of making it out of poverty, figuring roots music much easier to succeed in than the hectic dancehall; as well as the always constant touring opportunities giving artists of even the most mediocre scales, the ability to travel all over the world. Jah Jah Yute didn't have that and probably even more evidence of that was the fact that I hadn't heard of it. All of those things and spinning quite a few tunes from the artist gave me the necessary convincing to take a small shot and go further. What I found that was that besides the one album and the one tune, Jah Jah Yute actually had a new project out, Jah Say So. This was the second album (to my knowledge) of his career as he originally made his debut last year with Word Power on Sound (the one which I saw) for Enel Productions which I've found out is a label which he owns and runs, apparently with his wife (definitely give thanks to the self produced and self promoted artists) and his family and he has taken his music, for the most part, to the states as well. The works of Jah Say So are a bit of a step up from Word Power on Sound (as it should be) and a bit more even throughout and, as I mentioned, what I most like about JJY's style is OVERALL COMMITMENT to the music that he makes. He doesn't come in with that flair or shine of Everton Blender; he doesn't have that almost breathtaking charm and royalty of Luciano; he doesn't have that gritty brilliance of someone like a Bushman and Jah Jah Yute doesn't have that wildly interesting and unusual talent like a Jah Cure. But if you're simply looking for someone who OBVIOUSLY works hard at mastering and perfecting his craft and actually BELIEVES in what he sings, then Jah Jah Yute is in the class of all of those popular artists and Jah Say So might just be the album for you.As I mentioned, if you're really looking for a line to compare Jah Jah Yute to someone it would DEFINITELY be Everton Blender. I don't really know if it was by design or it just happened to be his style (apparently JJY has been around from quite awhile), but it's delightful, sounding like a bit RAW and rough around the edges (EVERYONE sounds rough around the edges compared to Blender) is a good thing. On Jah Say So it's also worth mentioning that it is CRUCIAL that you really listen to the lyrics above all. Getting things started here is the solid and pretty addictive praising tune Jah Jah Coming. Should follow the Rastafari route of life (as I do) then really this tune has the potential to well hit you the way it ALMOST hit me. It didn't take a very long time to grow on me, but I just don't think I well regard it as a GREAT tune, but a very powerful one still. The tune speaks to all to prepare for the INEVITABLE coming of His Imperial Majesty (and I LOVE the way JJY literally uses the people as a signal to HIS arrival, very nice lyrical changeup from other ways we've heard such a tune written in the past). Next up is another very powerful message, which sounds oddly familiar for some reason (the actual producers here range from local producers to some even stationed throughout Europe, I believe), Bad Company. This tune warns the masses (especially the youths) to be wary of exactly whom they keep a company with and particularly to  be  mindful of following those who carry and live by the gun. The tune, still, has a very easy vibes, I DEFINITELY wouldn't categorize it as a negative tune at the end of the piece. Completing the opening here is the STRONG Born Warriour, one Jah Say So's real highlights. The tune is another which sounds EXACTLY like something you might find the Blender singing and, even given his more than SUBSTANTIAL credentials and reputation, it might even be a highlight for the Blender himself, still. The tune speaks of the need for us to remain determined and self-motivated in trying to overcome the adversities and negativity of  the world. It really is an uplifting tune and it, perhaps better than any other tune on Jah Say So exemplifies what I mean when I say you have to listen really closely: To be perfectly honest, Jah Jah Yute (as expected at this stage of his career) isn't really afforded the finest riddims and compositions over to record, but he still delivers authoritative and really nice messages, throughout, listening to Born Warriour, really FOCUS on that message definitely. A very nice way to end the opening for the album.Even though in sound the artist I would definitely most compare JJY to would be Everton Blender, the artist I would think he would most remind me of in terms of personality and maybe even actual vibrations would probably be Mikey General. The General is known as being a VERY respectable and upstanding individual and is a definite vibes I get from JJY. Probably the tune which best captures this vibe and the real highlight of Jah Say So is the BEAUTIFUL Africans Blood. The tune might just be one of the ROUGHEST sounding and least well done actually on the album, but it well struck a chord with me and I think it will with many others as well. The tune is, at its core, one of the more diverse tunes on the album, it speaks of anti-violence messages, but at the same time has almost a `built-in' reference to slavery and the Afrikan Diaspora and just a very IMPORTANT tune to my ears. I wouldn't really expect a song like Africans Blood to be a hit song, even were it given the proper promotion; instead it's the type of song that should be played in schools all over the world. VERY nice tune here, very major and deep vibes. While JJY doesn't (in my opinion) reach that level again, the vibes still remain solid. Check Prophecy Fulfill with the downright BRILLIANT opening of the tune where JJY calls upon some of the elders who aren't with us anymore (like Marcus Garvey, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh and Jacob Marley) to support the coming of His Majesty for all of his children. Powerful vibes on that one and, again, really check it from a lyrical perspective. Going backwards, there's an earlier tune here which really caught my attention a great deal, Let Peace Abide. The tune speaks to the masses (again, specifically to the youths) to begin to at least ATTEMPT to begin to live cleaner and more upright: And in doing so, one will adopt an all around more positive attitude and nature and specifically make the world a better place, one with far less violence than in today's world. On a similar note was Mankind Fighting a song which I was `looking for' as it has that big ANTHEM style feel to it, which you really need on a roots release these days. A very nice chanting vibes and, of course, a very nice message. I do have to mention two tunes here which I really didn't like, both Sweet Girl and I Was Born. Sweet Girl, for its part, is the obligatory lover's tune for Jah Say So and it has an R&B;/hip-hop/Spanish guitar style of vibes to it which I just felt was a bit too much of a variation from the rest of the album. The tune itself isn't exactly a bad one and may sound better in a different context, but here, at least for me, it just doesn't get off the ground and in the end is a distraction. There was also I Was Born, which to my ears is a remix of the very nice earlier tune Born Warrior. The ONLY evidence of a remix, however, that I hear is a monotonous background singer adding " was bornnnnnnnnn" in the gaps in the choruses. Maybe a closer listen would reveal more disparities between the remix and the original (I doubt it), but either way, they are just too close in sound for me to warrant both being included and I Was Born sounds like a SERIOUS case of filler material (especially considering the fact that JJY's first album Word Power on Sound also had twelve tracks). The closing tune here rights the ship definitely as Children Live Up stands as one of the more impressive  tunes on Jah Say So. It really also places a very nice cap on the vibes as the album as Jah Jah Yute revisits his most popular focal points; preaching a message of more and more peace (and in this case specifically to Afrikans) and doing so to the younger people. While Africans Blood remains the real big tune here, were you to ask me for a single tune I might recommend to give one a real taste of JJY's vibes, it would DEFINITELY be Children Live Up. A very nice way to end things here.Overall, while I'm not saying for you to DROP EVERYTHING AND GO AND PICK THIS ONE UP, I will say to definitely keep an eye open for the name Jah Jah Yute in the future. As I mentioned, he isn't exactly afforded the finest in Jamaican production at this point (a great deal of the works here were produced by the FWI based young Irie Jam Productions (JJY actually appears on the label's recent compilation Wi Likkle But Wi Talawah Vol. 1 with no less than  seven of that piece's nineteen tracks, all from Jah Say So, including Born Warrior, Jah Coming and even Africans Blood, so definitely keep an eye out for that label as well) but it will be interesting to see what he can do if he can work with some of the bigger talents, or even when Irie Jam reaches their full potential as well. However, even then, I would suspect that the REAL attraction to Jah Jah Yute's music will be  the heavy messages he pushes. He so OBVIOUSLY really BELIEVES and follows the messages that he sings, likewise showing his extreme commitment to them. Jah Say So is the best available example of a very unknown roots reggae artist you're almost certain to hear about in the years to come.
All of the voices on this one are letter perfect, but will put you to sleep.  There is no emotion as there is in recordings by monastery or seminary choirs of which I have several.  Don't waste your money on this one.
I purchased Yunek's CD about a month ago and after listening to the CD numerous times, I came to the conclusion that even though this is a Freshman release, I expected better (based off of her single "Got Fruit").Let me attempt to break it down for you:1. Out of Affliction- 4/5 I liked the concept, even though I doubt God sounds like that (but thats besides the point). The beat was hot, and the lyrics and [Yunek's] emotional attachment to the track was very good. Too short though IMHO. She makes it known, that she serves Christ, and is a great lead-in to track 2.2. Straddle the Fence- 4/5 Production wise: I'm not feeling it; It appeared as though they were too heavy on the bass and not powerful enough on her vocals...Great song however; it's very catchy and the hook is solid. She explains how she should be on one side of the 'fence' for God and not playing both sides (the world and the christian life)3. Lean on Christ- 2.5/5 Love the lyrics! The beat/tune is annoying though... This is an adaptation of "Lean On Me", with a twist for God. I guess it requires a unique taste...4. Got Fruit- 5/5 Love it! The lyrics, the beat--everything. It has a Indie Arie, neo-soul type of feel to it. She exclaims that she possesses the fruits of the Spirit in Galations!5. Thought You Had Me- 4/5 Powerful vocals, emotional pull, and a worthy beat to encompass the mood. I only have a problem with a part where Yunek sings strongly and it seems as though she barely held on to the tune of the song. But all in all, she makes up for it on the hook! She tells of how the devil tried to discourage her from choosing Jesus Christ as her Lord and Saviour.6. On Fire- 4.5/5 Great lyrics, great featured artists, great hook. Production could've been tighter IMHO. She boasts of how she is 'on fire' for the Lord!7. Real Love- 5/5 Love the story, the vocals and the beat! She encourages Christians to not shun away others with their peculiarities/sins but, rather, show them the Love of Christ!8. Get Right- 3.5/5 Beat wise? Ok, I guess...Lyrics: They're there, but the production doesn't amplify that aspect well enough. Yunek tells us that we should seek Christ before it is too late.9. Let It Go- 4/5 Love the song; crisp beat, good lyrics. Only thing I have problems with is that she only mentions God once, but thats just me. Obviously, if I still ranked it this high, she must've said some pretty positive things to keep my attention! She states various negative situations, and how letting go of them and giving it to God will make things better.10. Have You Ever- 3/5 Solid; I like the beat; lots of people can relate to the question. It's more like a R&B; song than anything else...if I didn't listen to the end of the track, I would've thought it was just that ---a R&B; joint.11. Til The End- 1/5 I did not like this song at all...The beat is ok but the lyrics are childish. The vocals are notttt up to par in comparison to the other songs. Production fell through on this as well---matter of fact, I STILL don't know what all she says in this song, but I don't think I have to make myself listen to it again to find out...IMHO!12. Missing You- 3.5/5 Not a Gospel song....I figure she is singing this song to her loved one in the army. I like it, I guess13. Love Song- 4/5 Not a mature hook, but a great song, with a great beat! If you don't listen close enough, you'll mistaken the track for another love song. But Yunek is singing it to God--so I like it!14. With Me- 2/5 I think it's a filler more than anything else. Lyrics are kind of questionable if you ask me, but you be the judge for yourself.15. Promised Land- 3/5 She sings 90% of the CD, so I don't understand why Yunek chooses to rap for the last track....To each his own...16. Straddle The Fence Remix [Bonus Track]- 3/5 .....1. Yunek features a secular reggae artist who has the MOST childish rhyme I have heard for a while...It really took away from the song, especially how he promises that he'll take care of the track and don't deliver AT ALL....All in all, Yunek has potential, but she has to bring the heat if she wants to blow!
The title says it all. Rosary Rap. A whole CD dedicated on the Rosary. I thought it was a creative way for my kids in Youth Group to pray the Rosary but it does not seem to work that great. I give it a three because of that. However it was very creative of Joe to try to put this together and find a way to inspire our teens into our Christian faith!
The music selection is just what I like, Old Hymns and anointed choir. The sound, more specifically, the choir is for the most part poorly mic'ed and one cannot pick up specific words sometimes and it is just hard to follow along. I know the hymns, so it's not impossible to follow along; yet, when you can't make the choir out to sound nothing more than like a jumbled collection of a rumbling crowd.HINT TO THE MUSIC MAN......>>> put microphones on the CHOIR, since its a CHOIR CD, not just the 'glorified' lead singer.I'd like to have my money back.
I am not a song writer, nor am I a singer. Those who can combine these two things all the while traveling from state to state to perform them, I admire. Enter: Texas native Jeff Capps, who's no stranger to music. With numerous albums, EP recordings, and a regular Sunday worship band under his belt, it's only matter of time before his singles hit the airwaves.Capps's latest EP Shine is the artist's brightest work to date. Although the track listing is short with only four songs, they prove to represent Capps's sound and worship style as crisp and well constructed. Starting off is the track "Anchor of My Heart" a pure summarization of Christ's role in our lives. The next song, "Shine" is primed and ready for stardom and if there was one song that defines this release this is the cut. "Shine" is captured as one of those singles that has breakout written all over it---it's got a tempo and stamina that are easy to listen to (but you won't get tired of), beautiful writing and Capps' voice melts singularly into the flow. On the tracks "Merciful King" and "Only the Blood", honesty and love excel as focal points on these two worship songs, backed by amazing symphonic moods.Comparisons that come to mind are Matthew West, John Ellis from Tree 63, and bits of Mark Hall from Casting Crowns. This having been said, I think Capps pulls his music from parts of his life, his church, and even his personal walk with Christ. The only thing I found lacking on Shine is Capps's vocal strength. Instead of a leading man, he seems to sound more like a backup singer. But, I know he's got it in him. He just needs to reach inside and belt out the gift God has given him.I surely believe this is not the last release we've seen from this artist. Jeff Capps is a hard working singer/songwriter who believes in changing lives through his music and Jesus Christ. Be on the look out for his tunes to play on the radio and shine in our hearts.
Although she does a good job at providing a powerful yoga nidra experience, there are many ways this could be better.  1st of all - the 2nd chakra is in the reproductive organs, why did she say in the stomach?  Also, the breathing aspect of it was very basic but the L/R sensations in the body were good.  There are so many ways to go deeper into feeling which I felt she could have done... light/darkness, heaviness/lightness... also, it sounds like she is kind of giving a didactic lecture, I didn't get enough sense of varied tones of voice once I was in the deeply relaxed state.
I was expecting the exact track that Mercy Me recorded, which this is not. It does not have the classic piano intro, but acoustic guitar only. It also is tough to gauge where you are as it doesn't measure out like Mercy Me's version either. It's okay, just not the same.
This album to me is just OK. Some of the artists and songs I had never heard of. I bought it because the price was right and I wanted a country gospel album to listen to on my Fire.
time pases and all things from yesterday don't always play forward well  some may like it but I am not one of them
I first heard Vota on the Gospel Music Channel and wanted to listen to a larger piece of their work. I am pleased with the CD. It's exactly what I expected. They have a sound that is a mix between TobyMac and Group One Crew...although a bit more mellow.
I have listened to them all and the very best, most beautiful, relaxing and uplifting songs are performed by Eric Bernard. Plus, you get over 20 minutes of music for only 1.96! No, I do not know Mr. Bernard, but I collect healing, relaxing music to help in my recovery of an illness.  I also recommend ALL songs by Hillary Stagg, and most songs by Nicolaus Gunn (check out his new Grand Canyon CD)for this very purpose.  All the Best in Beautiful Music and Vibrant Health, D. Lee
This Album is okay and has some good tracks, but in my opinion, it does not comes close to the first Barnes Family Reunion.  That one is a classic and a keep sake.  This one showcases more of the large family and incorporates youth.  The late Rev. F.C. Barnes songs are always good as are the Sunset Jubilaires.  Deborah has an incredible and one of a kind voice.  You know when she is singing on a song.
As I listened to the cd it was obvious that the musicians are incredibly talented, and work wonderfully together.The rhythms, really crab you and make you want to move.The lyrics were average, the vocals were good, just not my type of songs.over all it is a very good worship cd with loads of passion,even if it is a bit traditional.
Wish I could have heard a bit of the songs,  was not the song I was trying to find. Will keep looking... :(
You must turn over control of your computer to Amazon in order to download this "free" album.  Do you really think Amazon doesn't have people willing to pay to receive your information?  This problem is widespred so this is a general caution, not specific to Amazon. Very little is "free" anymore -- even if it appears to be. Avoid special "download" clients if you can.
My understanding that this MP3 download was to be FREE to veterans. I don't see how you do that.  I'm sure it's a great album -- basically paid for by the taxpayers through their funding of the Service bands. I'd like to know how I am supposed to get it FREE!
It was a nice album, but not as good as I would like.  Some of the songs are quite old, Gerry Owen for example.  It was one of General Custer's favorites for riding into battle.
I was unable to download this. I am a Navy Veteran and was looking forward to listening to this. But it wasn't meant to be.
Thanks, Amazon - this is really a great gesture.  But, no Marines' Hymn?  That's a pretty big omission.. The Marines' Hymn is probably the most recognized hymn of them all.
I like that they offered it free for Veteran's Day, although I don't really listen to it, I still enjoy hearing some of the songs every now and then when I have my music on shuffle and one of these songs pop on. I wouldn't pay for it though.
I feel really stupid! I told other vets I met at a free lunch at Applebees today, that Amazon and Itunes were offering free patriotic downloads to vets today. I bet Amazon will feel really stupid when they discover how much future business they have lost because they were too cheap to honor their commitment to US Veterans. What would it have cost you, guys? An arm? an eye? a life?.... Nope, just your good name. I for one will spend my music money elsewhere from now on. And Applebees ROCKS! This was the second year for them and I personally watched waitstaff unload a bus of very old vets from a local nursing home and treat them all like heros!
The songs were great, and free so hard to beat that.  The audio quality seemed a bit off though and I would have hoped for something that more easily could have been used as a ringtone.
Good selection. Need more brass , less strings .....great for. Meetings t veterans functions...used this veteran  day to. Sound taps
Good music selection. I've heard better, I've heard worse. Great collection of music though. This is America!
I like others would have appreciated a free download that features so many wonderful patriotic songs. I really cant cry to much about it as the reason I'm a vet is not to receive free stuff but to ensure that our great nation does not slip off the face of the earth. I believe in capitalism and this is one form of it. I wont let this leave a sour taste in my mouth though and I will continue to buy things here on Amazon. Besides, I have more important issues to address then this hoax...Fair winds and following seas all!!AO2
Some of the recordings appeal to me while other recordings don't.  I like purely instrumental and don't particularily care for choral music.
I spent several hours on the internet & the telephone just to find out that this album was not free to download.  What a washout for amazon.com.  They should have to provide it as a free download to all customers.  This is false advertisement.
Okay, but I've heard better patriotic albums.  They could have used more popular songs that most people are familiar with.
Below is what I am referring to.  Can't find the free part at Amazon.com.Amazon.com Free Veterans Day Honor MP3 album download. This free downloadable album includes 12 songs as performed by the military bands and ensembles of the U.S. Armed Forces. Visit Amazon on Veteran's Day to download the album.
This was nice, but not my type of music. If you like this type of music, I would say 5 stars
Downloaded this based on the short audio clip. Starts out slow and majestic but when the full choir sings the refrain, the recording "goes into the red." Distorted in the loudest parts. I'm sorry I bought this.
I just wanted to hear this again.  We had the record when I was a kid.  I doubt I will listen to it very often
I ordered Jordan's c.d because he is a talented person and I had one of his other c.d's and is was the bomb. I like the newer c.d more than this one but all in all it;s o.k.
Freddie Ashby has the voice of an angel!!!!  I consider him to be the white Luther Vandross- he's such an amazing vocalist and singer.  But I wouldn't purchase this album unless you still listen to early soft rock music from the 80's or 90's.  I think if I had purchased this album 10-20 years ago I would have been soooo blown away!!!  But its about 20 years later and some of the sound effects of earlier days sound quite corny now.  Think about Miami Vice series and the soundtracks/musics in their episodes.  Now be thankful that I warned you:-)I would wait till Freddie comes out with another album so he can blow you away!!!  He truly has an amazing voice and I love listening to him on YouTube, or even Alex Boye's recent albums.To be fair, its best to buy some songs from his album.  I do find it to be a relaxing album on the drive to work... but nothing that makes me go gaga.  On this album the more noteworthy songs are:1) If2) The Gift3) The Greatest Tragedy4) Where You Are5) Pass the Love On6) Children of the WorldSome songs have the possibility of being great wedding reception music.
This cd was ok.  It was a few songs that I really enjoyed.  It won't be a cd I listen to frequently.
Well...hopefully some more reviews will show up.  I previewed the whole CD and wow ya know...Smokie, it sounds like you went straight up "church" on this one.  Which is cool, that's cool sometimes I'm all for the old school 1940s-1970s style sometimes, that was nice and all.  But ya know...ya know Smokie it just ain't it really.  I didn't hear anything in there I haven't heard before.  Now I haven't bought the CD or anything that's why I gave it the three stars but based on the preview, it tastes, smells, and sounds like "old school church."  Probably great for some, but not for me.  I'll probably have to wait for the next one.
I purchased this CD for the title song.  I just love this song.  From the first time I heard it, I searched for the artist.  I enjoyed some of the others as well. Truthfully, I was expecting a different soloist, but the lyrics are very meaningful to me and for that reason I am pleased.
I like Sheila and have other albums of hers; I like the songs on this album. But if you're looking for Celtic sound, you won't find much of it here. She presents these songs pretty much like other artists do, and in some cases, not up to par with the original artist for the song. Note the Track 4 echoes of "yeah, yeah!" -- since when is that Celtic?? Sounds like California tunes in the '60's. Definitely not fitting for the message of full surrender to a holy God. In sum, seems like this was named Celtic, and songs popularized by other artists were included, all as a way to market one more CD.
This is a good way to stay in Mary's presence without having to do formal prayer. The familiar music can increase one's devotion in quiet prayerful attitude, even while working.
Excellent musicality, Good performance of old standards in the Black Church. Keeping a tradition alive. May become a benchmark for making gospel music in the future.
My overall feeling concerning  &#34;A Hymn Revival&#34; by Lower Lights is that it is too much of an OK thing.  One or two -catchy and clever, more that that -reach for the off button, or at least pause -a very long pause.
Two or three of the songs are very powerful and clever in their delivery. At least two, IMHO, a little bit on the offensive side-- that is too much liberty is taken in jazzing up the tune to the point it made the hymn sound trivialized. The lead singer has an interesting voice-- but sometimes he sounded slightly off to me. My favorite by far is the rendition of Ye Elders of Israel.
I got this album in 2008 when Phil was trying to get known. He was giving it away as a free download....and he may still be doing that on his website for all I know. It's just his vocal, an acoustic guitar and the crowd singing. It's hard on the ears when listening through headphones because it's all highs. Need some bass to balance it out. Not as annoying on the home stereo because it auto enhances the sound for me.I'm not a fan of Phil's singing. It's too high pitched for my liking. If his vocals were more my flavor, I might love this album. Instead it's just OK. I like his songs that get picked up and recorded by other artists! He's a pretty good songwriter but I don't care to hear him sing on an album. I've seen him live and he's much better live than on this album, probably because he has a band with him. Very few people can rock a crowd of 3,000 with just his voice and guitar....and Phil isn't one of them.In my opinion, he could have included a drummer and bass on this acoustic album to help it have balance and drive. He tries to drive some of the songs by strumming on his guitar loudly, but you can only get a little bit of "umpff" from an acoustic guitar no matter how hard you strum it or beat on it.
This is the first time I've listened to Caedmon's Call. As a music composer and arranger of 15 years I listen to many different styles of music. I particularly like the style of "Rising Up the Dead." I haven't listened to their older material so have no bases of comparison.The reason I gave it a three star was for the following reasons. One, the vocals are not very strong. Maybe that's their sound. Second is the song structure. I never understood where the songwriters were coming from in their message, especially being a Christian band (an assumption) I didn't hear any Christian message. Last, in many of the songs I couldn't tell where the verse vamped into the chorus. The chorus is supposed to be the strongest part of the song. The real grabber of the song and I never felt grabbed.Caedmon's Call is a good band for who they are. Don't disappoint yourself by comparing them to another band or sound.
A strong release from this veteran southern gospel group. Several catchy tones here and all of them with a strong Biblical message. Some of the best efforts here include "I Get To", a guitar driven melody that reminds us all to be thankful for all that we have and "I Just Feel Like Something Good Is About To Happen" a cajun style, squeezebox featured song that gets us looking toward the things God has for us ahead. The title track begins with what I like to call the 3 Bridges shuffle but swiftly moves into great harmonies. Some of the weaker songs are "It took His Breathe Away" a ballad that just misses the mark and the last track "Journey's End".  All in all I recommend this album for an enjoyable time of honoring God with great harmonies from a great group of guys.
This was Twila Paris's first album under a major label.  However, the style she is now famous for will not be found on here.  Instead, the music and Twila's singing sounds more like a sound-alike of Sandi Patti.  There are some great songs nonetheless, such as Elijah, Turn Around, Spring Water, and Victory Song.  That's not to say Twila does a bad job on these songs - her voice is beautiful; rather, these are not as good as her later efforts.  Still, it's a nice listen if you're a fan of Twila's and want to hear some of her earliest music.
Good gospel music, but personally the prior album was better.  The reason for purchasing this album was the song, &#34;Who I Am&#34;.  Great song to meditate on.  This is still an Awesome group.
Its got beats. Its got the lyrics. But it's a lacking all of that really good spiritual stuff that he used to include on his albums. It's a decent album so you'll listen to it when wanting to just hear some beats but you'll switch to others when you want to be fed spiritually and get the word.
As i was listening to the samples i liked these songs for the youth and young adult men of our future. these songs gave me some uplifting in the youthful way. so i bought the cd for my sons and the youth and young men in my church, and of course myself. PRAISE GOD!!
NICE CD i only like 2 songs on it..But i purchased it for someone else anyway.he really likes the cd.
I like the album. Each song had a very familiar sound to it. Not sure if the majority of these songs were re-recorded or something. Never the less, I did like the album.
I should have heeding another reviewer's words.  In truth, I don't mind when songs are covered, but these are a little bland.  Still, I like the songs that are on the album.
Purchased music for a test run of the Cloud.  Did not enjoy the music too much, but it served the purpose.
Nice hymns, I download this to my cellphone and even used one as my ringtone for a very long time.
I DID NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM; JUST REVIEWED IT ON THE WEBSITE.SEARCHED FOR C.D. ALBUMS ON-LINE, COULD FIND ONLY CD'S SOLD SEPARATELY.I DO NOT WANT TO DOWNLOAD. WOULD PURCHASE THE GOSPEL HYMNS IF I COULD GETAN ALBUM OF THE MUSIC ON CD'S SHIPPED TO ME.
This compilation of gospel music is kind of bland. It is useful for generic background music, but not general listening
I don't listen to this much, but the songs are good traditional hymns.  I don't really use my kindle for music, this is the only one I have.
Not all the songs on this album are commonly known yet it is great for church meetings and outings as well as quiet Sabbaths.
been so long and cant recall to give an accurate review on. if i could remember more about it it wold help
Not bad but not my cup of tea. Very good hymns but not the best music for my taste . thanks
Nice Project, expected  a little more considering this group.  Should have included more traditional songs  then I would have really heard the beauty of  the choir.  Nevetherless, it was a nice project.
Christion Gray is &#34;deep&#34; and very creative.  He voice, without a doubt, is God-given.  Why 3 out of 5?  Its all about preferance.  I enjoy most of Christon Gray's work and this album has some good tracks with profound messages.  I just rate the album as whole three stars out of five.  Do I regret purchasing this download?  Not at all.  It's still an album you want to have in your collection.
I was disappointed because the cd only contained about 3 really great songs; the should have included a better selection of songs.
Two of the mp3 files have skips, like the CD they were ripped from had fingerprints on it or a record skipped a groove. Otherwise, very nice.
I love Hallelujah - it is awesome but most of these songs are generic - which explains the cheaper album price
While I really enjoy &#34;Shifting the Atmosphere&#34; and other songs on the cd.  I would not purchase this full cd again or give it as a gift.  It would be more cost effective to just purchase the singles of the songs I liked.  There are may three songs that I don't skip over.
Only about five of the songs I like. The title song is great and #7 is a great praise song  I played it over and over on the last leg of a trip, but take care when driving it makes you want to pull over and do a little dance for God.
Well let me start by saying "Shifting the Atmosphere" is my favorite cut. It almost feels like a continuation of his first project(A Place of Worship) which I absolutely loved! I noticed he's also on Verity Records now, and although it maybe a great move for him financially, the project seemed tampered with. Like as if there were too many hands on the project. On the first half, its like I could picture "other" gospel artist singing certain songs. Then by the 8th song "Nothing Without You" it shifts back to Jason's own unique style & sound. Anyway its a solid CD I like it, however, his first project spoke to me more, and maybe this one needs to grow on me.
Jason's voice shines on &#34;Shifting the Atmosphere,&#34; which is honestly the best song on the entire CD. He should have selected songs that showcase his smooth vocals, such as that selection.  He has little need for background vocalists or vocalists who echo what he sings; that's for vocalists who really can't sing, IMO. Jason is much too talented and his voice alone is so powerful.  I must admit, I was disappointed overall, because I heard background singers doing the majority of the singing on many of the songs. The songs that feature him as a soloist (and the duet) are what I enjoyed the most. He should do more worship &#34;ballads&#34; and write songs that compliment his beautiful voice; songs that bring the listener directly into the presence of  the Lord.  I trust he'll do better on his next project.
I really like the tone and richness of Jason Nelson's voice - BUT after a few cuts, there is a sameness about the songs with some of them rambling on unnecessarily. I know better days - and CDs - are ahead for Jason.
Anytime I buy a CD I'm hoping that there are a number of tracks to enjoy. I'm sorry to say that is not the case with this. I hope it was just one of those things for this artist.
He need to have a little more umf (bring it which I know he can maybe he will with his next album)
The Shifting the Atmosphere album is good.  This album is for people looking for worship music.  I personally like the God is Good song. It has a great vibe. Shifting the Atmosphere track is also good. Overall, this album is good.
I brought this for Shifting the Atmosphere I tried to listen to the rest but it didn't all come together
This is not my favorite cd of his, but still a good one. The cd is fairly upbeat and a nice listen.
I bought this album because I love the original album by Lower Lights--&#34;A Hymn Revival&#34;.  That album brought some of my favorite hymns down to a more enjoyable level.  &#34;Come Let Us Adore Him&#34; does the same thing with familiar Christmas songs, but, in my opinion, carries it a little too far.  The songs have an airy, country/folksy/bluegrass flavor that I found very enjoyable on some tracks; a little too much on others.
I enjoy listening to this when I want to relax. Piano music is played in a slow calming way. Nice mix of hymns and religious tunes.
Chanting is beautiful, recording is poor. Volume goes up and down, microphone pops. I am glad that I didn`t pay $25 for the CD. Maybe it was a bad download.
Doesn't quite live up to the caliber of the first album.  Volume 1 is one of my all-time favorites, but this one is a little disappointing.
I was anticipating some real handclapping foot stomping Start to finish on this project but it didn't do that. HOWEVER....there's a few songs on here that I will be doing with my choir. On that note....I'm still listening..because sometimes a project requires few rounds of listening.
I gave the Georgia Mass Choir CD three stars because it was a decent recording, just not for me; I gave it to a friend to give to her husband, a musician.
Just a warning -- I downloaded track 8 - Can't Live a Day, and the file sounds like it had encoding errors, with crackling throughout the song, especially audible near the earlier parts. I haven't listened to the rest of the album, but please beware. This was late February 2013. (EDIT: I originally wrote that I had not heard from amazon, but I was in error: I found the email and amazon's technicians are working to resolve the issue. The customer service rep also made an exception and refunded me, due to the circumstances, so this restores my faith in buying MP3s from amazon. And besides, this is the first time it's happened to me in several years.)
I received the wrong sermon the title is correct but the sermon is wrong. I was expecting the sermon about the mother eagle stirring g her nest not about a man who had an eagle and thought it was a chicken.
I bought the cd because i really liked the song &#34;oh how i need you&#34;. There are a couple other good songs on the album, but overall I thought it was just alright.
I wasn't sure how to feel about this album.  It had an eclectic mix of just about everything.  All Things New was a worshipful, peaceful, easy listening type of song.  Heaven had a soft, country rock sound and then  Build It On The Rock (the one I liked the most) offered a bluesy, upbeat, gospel/ "Michael English" style.There was no real consistency, and the album was all over the place from soft rock, to country rock, to bluesy gospel. The background music at times, sounded a lot like the 80's with a heavy drum beat and synthesizer sound. It was a little strange for me to listen to. This isn't an album I would buy for myself, but those looking for a wide variety of styles all in one place, will appreciate the diversity.
Ok CD.  Packaged well with professional presentation. Just  missing a hit/stand out song that makes you want to listen time and time again.
This is actually a review of the preview.  I like the selections and seriously considered buying the album but every preview of the tracks glitched. The Choirs sounded good in the portions of the previews that were working. Since this wasn't happening on other albums I didn't want to risk the money.
I'm a huge Rend Collective Experiment fan. They're one of the best &#34;Christian&#34; bands out there. I put Christian in quotes, not because the band is not made up of Christian or they don't sing about Christian themes, but because I don't think Christian should be a genre. But that's another topic for another time.Rend's other albums are fantastic. This one is really fun, as well, however, it seems more tinny and not as effective as the others. There's a lot of use of mandolins and guitars capo'd way too high on the neck.In the end, it's worth buying and listening to a few times, but if you're only going to buy one Rend album, pick a different one.
Love the words of the song, but can't get pass the fact that it sounds like an R.Kelly song! If it was in a different format it would be awesome!
He sound to much i like R. Kelly trapped in the closet.  But I still have this song on my phone.
Enjoyed the harmony and easy listening venue. Wasn't what I expected, but still a good choice. Nice background for working.
I do not care that they run from one song into the next for the entire album. It is a style of singing, but not for me. Although I do listen to it from time to time.
there were a lot of silence at beginning of several songs. Over all a decent cd.It ok  for listening to
This was a nice selection of simple music - perfect for background.. Don't quite know how the songs would be especially connected to Pope Francis though.
After downloading this entire &#34;CD&#34; and listening through it, I would have gladly paid for it. It is contemporary. The quality of the recordings is good. The balance of singing to the instruments is perfect and it is very easy to hear.
Just tried because it was free. I haven't had a chance to hear it all. But you may like it.
Easy listening praise and worship for believers.  I would recommend this to all who enjoymusic uplifting the spirit and soul.
I'm a COGIC girl, but I want to hear this because the title caught my eye. I enjoyed listening to music.....
This is not what I expected.  The song are a little too contemporary for me. I was expecting a more solemn choir music.
Lots of good music cheap
This is an average gospel album. The choice of songs is excellent, but the style tends to get repetitious. Without the variations, after about ten minutes, it sounds like an average small church choir. An good church choir would have more solos and instruments to vary the tone somewhat. I wanted sometime to listen to as I drove around town or hit the road for meetings, but fear I might fall to sleep. Overall, this is not bad for the price.
Not as strong as their other albums.  Rather than letting their voices and guitars do the work this album sounds over produced with a lot of other noise.
I chose this rating because the advertisement did not make it clear that every praise would be the only full length song or that the cd was not a full cd, but only one full length song, and 3 excerpts from other songs on the cd. For that reason, i was extremely disappointed.
song sound good. but it does not sound like the radio version ,which is better than the 1on1 song i got on amazon
New Life Worship has been my favorite as of late but this latest album has taken a different turn musically.  This album has a "dreamy" and "ethereal" quality to it that I just can't get used to.  Their last two albums, "I Am Free" and "You Hold it All" have a punch, a force, this album is lacking.  It's probably just my personal taste getting in the way so don't let it hinder you purchasing this album if you are a fan of NLW's music.
I love that Danny Gokey is going back to his roots and singing contemporary Christian.  Looking forward to the whole album being released.
Haven't listened to whole thing. I'm hearing impaired and I need the lyrics and they are not included in the cd.