The Army Field Band and Soldiers Chorus has done more than their fair share of work representing the US abroad. This is a sampling of the kind of music they have used to represent our great nation overseas. From the traditional Armed Forces Medley to the more modern pieces this album lets freedom ring from every track.
This album is worth having for no other reason than that it's unique. Project Ars Nova once again offers something new and different - a collection of songs from Cyprus, all dated between the years 1413 and 1422. The music is good, and the performance is excellent as always. So why only four stars? Because while the music it good, I don't think it's great. There's nothing here truly outstanding, and its main attraction is its historical value. For that alone I'm glad I bought it, but it's not the prize of my collection. Not even close.Still, if your a completist like me, you'll have to have it.
This is a good quality recording of a fun, fantasy work not often performed because of its extreme level of difficulty.
I bought this CD to become more familiar with the songs since my choral group is doing selections from Britten's Ceremony of Carols for our upcoming Christmas concerts in honor of Britten's 100th birthday.  I wasn't crazy about the music at first because it is challenging to perform and listen to, but once you understand the middle-english that it's written in and the story he is telling with his music, you learn to appreciate it and even may come to like it, as I have.  The music and vocals are beautifully done and they invoke a nostalgic view of Christmas and what it really means.
Randall Thompson was a great American composer. He attended harvarduniversity and even went back to teach there. Well known for his choralmusic he has written many great works including but not limited to ThePeaceable Kingdom and The Testament to Freedom both inspired by Edward Hicksthe painter and his work. This is a great collection of his work and onethat should be cherished. You can really see why this composers work is ofsuch legendary esteem while listening to this album.  This is part of aseries of legacy of albums and if you liked this one you should check outsome of the others. This is one of my favorites in the series: The Legacy ofRobert Russell Bennett
I am truly enjoying the stillness of this music. The tempo is good and the piano playing is beautiful. It quiets my soul.
I agree with the previous reviewer.  This is not the exact same as the early 1970's release.  Never the less, the mysic is great.
I have not heard the whole thing, but what I have heard I like. I would recommend it to my friends.
Very nice album and when I discovered that Shawn McLemore's wife Rhonda was part of the group I knew it would be nice, but her part, that sister can sang too! Do another one plus for it was fresh and your speaking the truth.
Sufficiently complex sound.  Melodic, but not really any strong hooks, and nothing that really got my head nodding with the beat.  Some tribal influences.  Nothing annoyingly repetitous (a big plus for me).  Lots of variety (maybe too much - Track 7 is more of an R&B song and seemed out of place).  When present, pro-Christian lyrics (that I sometimes wished were more integrated with the music - the sparse vocals on Tracks 1 and 2 seemed to be just "sitting on top of the music").  Overall, it's pretty decent stuff, but I would highly recommend starting with all of Andy Hunter's stuff and then go here if you want more of similar.
A great Christmas CD. A few well known favorites with the classic Steve Green vocals. Plus, several non-traditional songs including "Holy Child" and "Rose of Bethlehem", my two favorites on the CD. Only reason I didn't give five stars was personal preference. There always seems to be one song on each of Steve Green's CDs that I'm not such a fan of. This time, it's "Good News". The lyrics are fine, I'm just not such a fan of the tune.
This is a great live project. From the very first tract you feel as if you were at the live recording. I've been a fan of Danny Eason & Abundant Life from day 1. It's great to be able to hear this project.
I'm sure is a great album and the title song is smooth as silk. I was browsing the reggae pages and found this diamond. I highly recomend this album. I searched the web for more info on the voice and just as i suspected its Bunny Rugs from "Third world" need I say more? This time showing his gospel side.This album will bless your soul.Respect.
Track 6 is such a moving and powerful expression of how awesome our GOD is.  Simple, yet very effective in evoking spiritual emotions and feelings.  It's great for a praise and worship session.
Great to hear a unique take on modern worship. Not for everyone but I love it. Some tracks may come off as a bit hard core for worship music.
This CD is a powerful worship experience. Simplistic, yet intense.  You are transported into the presence of God on the wings of flowing melodies .  Names of God is my favorite.
I love praise & worship music that is authentic and this is definitely one special project.  I loved the energy and the spirit of excellence in which these young people praised the Lord.  If you love praise & worship music you will love this one!Elder Jacob Grant
I haven't purchased this project, but I heard the Hallelujah Slide on the Gospel Music Choice channel on cable.  It was cute...enough for me to actually look it up on Amazon.com.  Not so crazy about southern gospel, but I definitely intend to purchase that track.  Cute, fun and different enough to put in the playlist for Christian social events. Title made me nervous that it'd be corny, but I found the actual song pretty clever.
This is a really good album to have come out in 05. The message is going hard and the beats Are slamming. Gospel rap should have you amped for righteous and a hatred for sin, and this album is that. the only negative, is that on a couple of songs, it's hard to understand the a artist.
I originally had this on cassette tape.  I love the old school gospel.  This CD you could sing  along  remember all the hits.  Great old school gospel.  Great  sound quality.
This was a great album I just love the way it brings back that old time religion. I know that this album will help give me peace.
When this cd came out years ago my aunt had a copy and it was a little different than the cd that we were used to with the Sound of Benjamin, so we didn't really like it. I think over the years with my more extensive knowledge of Jazz, I love Ben's stylings more and more. This is a oldie, but goodie. My faves: 911 Emergency, I Believe You Love Me Now, and Eden. All of these have different sounds yet all very smooth and relaxing.
This instrumental does justice to the songs and hymns - great addition to your music library if you like mountain music!
I have used these songs in our camp ministry in a sing-along fashion.  For those of us who do not always have musicians (or any musical ability of our own) this is a great resource.  The only downer is that there is very little variety as far as the vocal sound.
Amanda Falk is an independent artist who is based in Winnipeg, Canada. This, her debut album, has songs that show us Amanda at her most vulnerable. Songs about break-ups, losing loved ones, and the place God has in her life make this album easy to listen to, as we can almost all relate to at least some of her experiences. And those we cannot relate to, we want to understand. Through her lyrics and captivating voice, I was drawn into each song, feeling the pain, the doubt, the vulnerability, and the joy that Amanda undoubtedly did.While most songs are strong, there are a few that don't jive with me. But I did really enjoy Fireflies, Endless, Small, and Enough in particular. I strongly recommend this to anyone who wants a soft, soothing album to listen to while caressing a warm mug of tea or coffee. Great work, Amanda!
This CD, like all official releases and mixtapes by The Street Pastor, aka Yaves, or simply Street Pastor, is solid and always worth a listen. But this guy is a sold-out Christian - no explicit lyrics here, unless they mean being explicit about expressing his love for God.
This is a really good CD. It has very good worship music. if your goal is to get into the presence of The Lord this will do it.
I discovered this album when doing a song search.  I decided to pick it up and I'm so glad.  It is a wonderful and sweet worship album.  I love the mixture of voices and many different instruments.  I love the honest and raw worship.  I would recommend this album highly.
I have seen this group a couple times in concert and are great!  This CD is just as good!  They have a love for the Lord and it shows!
I really like this recording. The choice of songs is excellent. They really lead you into the Lord's presence.The only thing I didn't like is that the last song is cut off.  I don't know if it is the fault of Amazon or the supplier, but song 16 "Make Me Over" ends abruptly.
I purchased this cd when it first came out, largely because it contained some unsung ministry. I was not disappointed. The songs are good, but second to his live ministry. My favorite is the story he tells about picking up a hitchhiker who ends up a little "ripe" from not having bathed, and how easy it was to dismiss him, but how our Heavenly Father puts up and actually loves us through the foul stench of our sin.  On this cd, Rich used humor and personal experiences to demonstrate God's love for a fallen people. Definitely worth hearing more than a few times.
it very nice we you for a los a moments i realy recomend to any one very good thank you
I liked most of the songs on the album. My favorites are Won't work, I will Praise Thee, and God Is.
It was great to hear all the old Christmas songs in the Cherokee language and with real heart it was a Merry Christmas
Nice melodic spiritual music.  Enjoying the music and it calms my soul. a1324 134 134 134 12 1324 134 134 134 12
I found that I was doing a thumbs up on so many of these songs on Pandora that it only made sense to purchase the album. It was a wise move. I purchased another one for my Dad who also liked it a lot. He has been playing piano for many years.
After a strong debut from Amanda Falk, I wondered where she would go with this release. On her sophomore album, Amanda has truly found her target audience: adolescent girls struggling to find an identity in a world so obsessed with physical beauty. Songs like "Beautiful", "Lonely", "We All Cry", and "Fragile", we see that Amanda feels called to reach out to a generation that has been flooded with pressure to "fit in" and "look good."These songs, as well as others like "Can I Just Come", "Love Like You", and "This is Love" (all of which talk about Amanda's relationship with God) are strong numbers which will touch many lives.Two things kept me from giving this release 5 stars. First, the songs do not quite have the same vulnerability as her first release. This can be attributed to Amanda's personal growth both as a person and as a musician. But it can also be studio pressure to sound more like the mainstream. Second, because Amanda's calling is to adolescent girls, some of the songs do not hit me the way her previous release did. This is no one's fault, and should not stop anyone from picking up this, a strong follow-up to her solid debut album. Check it out!
Can't fault the music.  It's great. BUT.... the medium and high tracks are labeled wrong (they have been swapped). Easy enough to figure out. My biggest complaint is that the High/Medium/Low labeled "with background vocals," DO NOT CONTAIN ANY BACKGROUND VOCALS!!! The with and without background vocals are identical -- no background vocals on any of the tracks. So I just paid for 3 tracks that are supposed to contain background vocals and do not.  If you are looking for background vocal tracks, you may not want to purchase this accompaniment. :(
I bought this for my daughter so she could continue to sing with/or without someone. It's not a bad CD, just not what I was expecting. I was hoping since this is a 2 person song, you could get the background vocal of the person singing for Andrea, but you don't. We didn't care for the singer they chose to sing the full song, so we just skip that track. The lyric sheet that comes with it has the wrong lyrics. It's supposed to be the English version, but they have some of the verses wrong. I went to Musicnotes.com and printed the Piano/Singer Pro version of this song by Celine Dion & Andrea Bocellli. My daughter decided to play it on the piano and sing it with or without a second person and use the CD if no piano is available. If one doesn't have that ability, I would definitely advise them to buy this CD, download the music from Musicnotes.com and use the words from the download with the CD track in your key and sing itI gave this a Four Star rating because there is nothing wrong with the CD, just the lyrics, which is a minor issue.
The music was wonderful and I found my range with no problems, but would have liked to have had the words to the songs, rather than having to go look to other sources, and piece them together.
Great and very relaxing voice. I could listen to her for hours. Very soothing. Amazon hit the nail on the head when they recommended this recording
Greene is great on the harmonica. Just wish some of the songs were not as jazzed up as they were.
You wont find a wider variety of Gospel type music. Several of the songs could be considered prophetic. Some are very enlightening, but all are grounded in God's TRUTH! If you are dissappointed with this CD I would guess you might be one of the ones God talks about, as turning you over to your own vain imaginations?
good for meditation, and practice for church chanters as well as to appreciate the beauty of the Eastern Church. This series opens a window to the hauntingly beautiful chant and hymns of the orig. universal church  Many hymns in this and others in the series have found their way into RC and more formal liturgical hymn books of &#34;old Line&#34; protestant churches, but changed in the process of translation, then altering tunes to fit the new words. The Orthodox Liturgy is the basis of the Lutheran, Episcopal, Presbyterian and Roman Catholic churches, as well as being within a few words exactly retained by the Eastern Rite/Maronite Catholic branch of the RCC. Early Roman chant (see the series by Marcel Peres of these hymns) was essentially the same as Byzantine chant, and was only changed to the simpler, less melodic chant  known as Gregorian centuries later. The orig mass was in Greek, and slowly became a kind of bilingual Greek/Latin and then almost completely Latin over a slow process. Even today, liturgical &#34;fossils&#34; are seen in the LAtin Mass, such as Kyrie Eleison (Lord have Mercy in Greek) and the moving ancient &#34;Holy God, Holy Mighty, Holy Immortal one , have mercy on us&#34; which is sung in both Latin and Greek at times.
As a songwriter myself, I pay attention and remember people that write the songs I like.  And as a pianist, I also pay attention to people who have detailed and complex musical arrangements backing the vocals.  I first discovered Marcus Scott's music on the DFW album "Pressin' On" and wondered who this songwriter was that takes psalms and other scripture and turns them into such great songs with such detailed musical arrangements.  The scriptural backing gives his songs lyrical integrity that is missing in a lot of modern gospel music.  There are some really wonderful songs on this album but my favorite is "Saved".  I also love the title track and "I Call You Father".  This is a blessed and anointed songwriter here, people.  And if you're a gospel musician and you're looking for interesting music to play or teach, he's got that covered, too.
A friend of mine referred this album to me. At first I was reluctant to buy it because I never heard of C-Born Nacirfa and I really don't like rappers from Houston, TX. But man I'm so glad I bought this album. C-Born recaptures the elements of hip hop with flawless creativity. His style is unique totally untypical of Houston rappers. The production is on point. His lyrics are cleaver and bold, demanding attention. C-Born keeps it versatile with interesting subject matters, unlike the typical party and dance or the so called gangsta thug nonsense that currently floods the airwaves. This is exactly the kind of music that needs to be propagated especially in times like this. If you like artists like Immortal Technique, Nas, Dead Prez, Common or Mos Def then you will love C-Born Nacirfa. I recommend this album to anybody who still has a longing for real hip hop music. Don't sleep on it!!!
This is an awesome cd to cruise to.  I was surprised when I put the disc in my car beacause I was expecting a rocking solo album.  It has a different style than David Huff is know for.  Most shocking is a love song sung to his wife.  If you love David Huff or love smooth jazz buy it.
Having enjoyed Charlie Miller's piano book I was glad to find he had a CD. He does a great job with each song and they are good to listen to. The quality of the recording is a little below some others, but not enough to miss out on this music. I'm a pianist and having a large collection of piano CDs I can say that this one is right up there with the best.
I was lookin' to buy the Truckin' Sessions and saw this album. I do like some of the religious albums of Johnny Cash and the Elvis religious albums are some of his best. I decided to give it a shot and see. Dale's vocals are really good classic sounding Dale and there is a good mix of music on here. I like the faster paced songs, but overall the album is a little slow. Still, worth having a listen.
Though I've like individual Sovereign Grace Music songs in the past, usually the production style of the recorded version was just not my 'cup-of-tea', however this has changed with "Valley of Vision".  From blazing rockers to lush ballads, Sov. Grace has lost NONE of the doctrinally steeped lyrical depth, yet gained a passion and energy - even a modern-ness - that has eluded them on past records.  I already regularly used "Heavenly Father, Beautiful Son" and "It was Your Grace" in our youth services, and hope to one day introduce "Let Your Kingdom Come" and "All We Need" in our main services.  Very good stuff.  Advised.
I love this album - no regrets buying it.  I skip over a few of the songs when I'm not in the mood for them, but most of them are great.  I love the lyrics - none of that "feel good fluff" that so many Christian artists are selling these days.  This is scriptural truth, and listening to the songs is uplifting, encouraging and convicting.  My personal favorite is "It is not death to die", a song which I think everyone should hear at least once.
I really enjoyed. His voice and songs are really good; strong clear voice. They are mainly the slower, prayer type; some of the old hymns. Very relaxing and enjoyable.
Music is relaxing and peaceful . .. good for meditation
This is a nice meditation for imaging cleaning your chakras. The presentation is a little slick and glitzy for my taste, but it is a price I am willing to pay for an unusual idea.The idea here is to use white light and imagine spinning each chakra. In the process, dark spots and dull areas are flung away and drop down to the Earth where they can be handled and recycled. Nice idea.
There is no consistently better male choral group than the Vocal Majority.  This album is a few years old and pretty conventional in its content and harmonization, but executed flawlessly.  The mp3 download quality suffers a bit but that is to be expected in mp3. There are only 9 songs, fewer than normally expected, but one of them is a rather lengthy medley and another is more than 6 minutes long.  The album itself is getting harder to find, so the download version might get to be the only option soon.
I'm not sure why so many are upset with Amazon.com because it clearly says it is a "performance track" which for those of you that don't know is an instumental.Plus, all you had to do is listen to the track before purchasing. Amazon.com is not at fault here.
I have always liked this song, it is forever evolving.  I had to buy it to keep it with me always in my phone, thanks amazon
The only reason and I do mean ONLY reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because We Lift You Up is not on the album as advertised. However having said that... This is a great CD! Several of the songs can be sung as a solo which is nice for traveling out. My advice - add it to your prayer playlist and give it to your choir director and see if he/she will do some of the songs. Nothing like good anointed Holy Ghost singing!
I have owned this CD for several years and whenever I play it I'm happy to hear it. The music is so joyous and soothing it feels you up with gladness. I have bought and given this CD as a gift to several friends and family, never once have I received a complaint on content. You too would be happy as an owner of Surrender.
The variety of styles in this album includes individual singers as well as choirs and vocal groups.  This to me is a complete plethora of pleasure and enjoyment.  Plus I am reminded of the hard and good times of our experiences
If you're looking for the original accompaniment to this song  this is not it.  This is the ACOUSTIC version.  However, it's still a great song regardless.
This was an old CD and I looked in several music stores before I was told to look on Amazon.  Delivery was very fast and merchandise was everything I expected.  I plan on buying more CDs in the future.
Listened to it all day and could continue forever.  These oldies are so special to me some from my grandparents days.  Makes you want to shout AMEN.
Inspiring in music notes  good for those who love country ,will recommend for the young at heart and those who 's tired of profanity in music
Very good songs. I just wish that they werfe by the original artists. The singers are good on here but it is not quiet the same. I still liked it very much.
Country music gospel is the type that has a way of reflecting the past of most of America.simple in rhythm and easy toKeep time to .mostly a matter of heritage.
I've been a fan of the Gatlin Brothers for about 20 years and I love gospel music.  That's why I ordered this music.  I have iton my Fire, so I can carry it with me wherever I go and enjoy the music.  It's really great.
I like it. I had the cassette years ago. I wish they still made these. They really help you remember the scriptures.
Good songs and great verses that can be easily memorized.  It is a great way to remind myself to be thankful.
The music was very well done.  Nice, catchy tunes make it easy to memorize Scripture.  Would have preferred sticking to one version, but maybe the differing versions were easier to write music too?
Much music today follows a formula and is so predictable. This album is not so. I really enjoy the fresh sounds and variety. I am not particulary fond of screaming distortion but can't stand elevator music either. The balance between hard and soft on several of the tracks on this album provides enough surprises that it keeps my interest. Even though I have the MP3 files I will definitely purchase the hard copy for my CD library when it becomes available.
I was pleasantly surprised when I saw Vota in concert (opening up for Newsboys).  They took KJ-52's place and I am glad they did.  They have a fun, bouncy, upbeat sound.  I would describe their sound as a mix of The Fray and Phil Wickham (which not a bad comparison at all)!  Vota was formerly known as Casting Pearls, but I am assuming they changed their name after the success of Casting Crowns...but in my opinion, I'll choose their style over Casting Crowns any day.  My favorite song on this CD is actually the slower, more reflective song "Honestly."  I think this is a pretty solid debut, so I am looking forward for more things to come for Vota.
VOTA, formerly recognized as Casting Pearls, has reinvented themselves with a new name, new sound and new record label INO Records. The self-titled album released digitally in late fall 2008 and released retail February 10, 2009. This one time trio of front man/guitarist/songwriter Bryan Olesen, also formerly a guitarist with Newsboys before forming Casting Pearls, along with bassist Case Maranville and drummer Scott Rutz expanded to four members now including guitarist/keyboardist Riley Friesen.While Casting Pearls had more of an edgy rock sound, VOTA has more of a dance-flavored alternative rock sound, similar to Newsboys with hook-filled melodies and catchy lyrics. My favorite songs on the album are the main songs you'll hear when you see the band in concert, which I've had the privilege to do twice. They were on the Sanctus Real tour last year and most recently the Newsboys tour. "Hard To Believe" is the super-catchy opening song and a great way to jump start this solid album. Here are Bryan Olesen's comments about the song: "The more I dwell on what I really have in Christ, the more bold and excited I become about life. He loves you and I in a way that's not shown anywhere else."The next songs "Be Mine" and "Love's Taken Over" are also great examples of the uptempo dance rock style of the album with great messages about what it means to have God's love take over your life. "Honestly" is one of those great personal ballads that I keep coming back to on this album. Bryan's sincere vocals and personal testimony of the power of grace and mercy is very memorable and another great song to hear live. "Not Finished" and "I'll Go" are great rockers and have great energy. My other favorite song on the album is "Free To Fail" with the message of submitting our lives to God and having security in knowing He's given us life and the freedom to fail and get back up and live for Him.
After years as Casting Pearls, explaining that they were named so before infinitesimally more popular Casting Crowns, they  added a new member, changed their sound and finally their name to Vota.  Their should be no more confusion.Bryan Olesen's vibrato is still strong in the lead single, "Hard To Believe", singing his thankfulness through this anthem.  It was a good choice as a single in the Christian market, but there is an abundance of great pop-rock on this album to choose from."Be Mine" shows the band knows pop well, even though it is purposefully quieter than the lead track.  "Honestly" is another soft number, and addresses the topic of humanity and reality in the Christian life.  It seems when they have a deeper message, they convey it well.But the majority of the album aims for arena-sized rock, with mixed results:  "Love's Taken Over" is the strongest rock song on the album, "Not Finished" and "Give It To Me" aim just as high, and despite Bryan singing his heart out on "I'll Go", it sounds like just another "Hands and Feet".They find depth towards the back of the album with "Free To Fail", singing the darker sides of salvation and humanity.  Instead of awe and wonder, its the seemingly relentless struggles of life.  From the repetitious lead line to the repetitious cries of "we are free to fail now", the song elevates this album above mere pop, but an honest look at Christian life in the 21st century.Other songs skip around genres: "Save Ourselves" is them singing Coldplay, period.  And despite the great violin work in "Bye, Bye", it's a blatant Maroon 5 imitation.  Thankfully, they close the album with the beautiful and fitting "In My Heart".  A few obvious rhymes, but the melody, the mournful strings and the landscapes accomplish what they set out to do: show their abilities and heart for creating great music and art.The Christian band's job these days is to take a Christian theme or principle and make it rock.  Often, this compromises good songs and songwriting philosophies.  Vota is guilty of this on a couple of songs, but nearly every track shows the band has evolved perfectly from their Casting Pearls days and have made a great pop album.
love the songs I listen to it on the Acebeat Christian Radio/356 live site it ministers to me thank you Ken
"He Is Here" is a great praise & worship album from Panamanian gospel vocalist and songwriter Rosalina Vega.  Vega delivers with an inspiring and heartfelt vocal performance and a great range that breeches the operatic, similar to the vocals of Dionne Warwick.  On the majority of the tracks, Vega's vocal is solely accompanied by traditional, though skillful, piano arrangements crafted by pianist Michael Andrews.  These simple arrangements bring the message of her words to the forefront which is, simply, praising God through song.  "He Is Here" has four Vega originals and six traditional hymns and worship songs, and she sings each song beautifully, with immense inspiration and an open heart.  The album is well recorded and creates a nice balance between the vocals, piano, and gospel message.  "I Give My Heart" is a Vega original with nice piano work and inspiring, heartfelt lyrics about giving it all to Jesus.  "Forever More" is a spiritual track with a soothing arrangement and hopeful lyrics about the afterlife.  Her variations on traditional songs, including her operatic, multilingual rendition of "O Glorious Love" and her beautiful rendition of the standard hymn, "I Surrender All," are also noteworthy.  "He Is Here" is a great album with an inspiring message, and should be looked into by anyone who enjoys praise & worship music and great female vocalists. [...]
Emmanuel by Laura Story is, I think, meant to be a worshipful song, and in a matter I totally believe it is. But on the other hand after repeating the name "Emmanuel" countless times it gets a little repetitive. However, before I heard this MP3 I didn't really like Laura Story's voice, but I like her voice on the song "Emmanuel" better than an other one I've heard.Great song!
Ezra's sweet jazzy sound makes me want to sit and listen to him all day.  The only reason for four stars instead of five is that a couple of songs seem out of place on this album.  I will keep looking for more!!
Embraced,Holly Starr's debut album, is a collection of surprisingly deep emotional ballads (Cold, I Love You Anyway) and anthemic hand-raising choruses (Majestic), and, everyone's favorite, those floor-busting jumpers (Glorious). It's a well-produced, well-rounded collection of pop Christian music that well conveys the artists heart for her listeners. Holly is first an evangelist and second a musician, her very first priority is sending a message of love to her audience and this is apparent in her music (Knocking).Though it caters primarily to a younger pop-loving crowd, there is plenty here for the grown-ups. The music of Embraced is energetic and its lyrics are anything but shallow.As a side note, if you get a chance to see Holly Starr live, even if you don't love the album, take it! Holly is one of those rare pop musicians out there who is twice as good live. All in all if you don't love Holly's music you will fall in love with her endless energy, her obvious joy, and her pure and selfless heart.
The only bad thing about this album is that there was not a follow up. At least not that I know off.
I really didn.t think that this album would keep me very interested, but I find my self playing it more and more each day.
I was browsing music for some old songs. I really like bluegrass and was looking up some old bluegrass songs I used to like.  I had heard of Carol Davis and one of my searches turned this album up.  I listened to some samples and decided to buy the album.  I do not regret the purchase.  While the lyrics don't apply to the times today or even in some recent pasts, I like to think about how times were in earlier days.  My parents were brought up during the time these songs are more relative to and from their stories/pictures, it just makes listening to the album enjoyable for me.
Though not exactly &#34;professional&#34; , the music is good and is uplifting.  The songs are comforting.  I need to do a little research on the people who made the album.
Love the piano work in the Intro. for "For God So Loved the World"... Great vocals too. Love that song...
Es muy buena producci&oacute;n musical especialmente para personas o iglesias biling&uuml;es Espa&ntilde;ol-Ingles o cualquiera que quiera aprender a cantar en los dos idiomas, ya que tambi&eacute;n est&aacute; disponible la versi&oacute;n en Ingles del album.
Somewhat reminiscent of 1940 and 50's country music, Hank Williams Sr, Eddie Arnold, and Hank Locklin. Mainly my interest was peaked by the fact they were all gospel songs I had never heard in my lifetime. My Gospel interest is driven by learning the composers interpretation of good sound biblical Truth's! It is a good easy listening gospel album full of quality voice and instruments.
Great song by a largely unknown artist.  I love the energy of this song; it really puts me in a great mood.
Great Song, would like to know what elese is on the CD. When will we be able to purchase the CD? Hear it on Radio almost every day been searching for it everywhere what's up with this. Want my copy so that I can listen to it as I comute to and from.
I downloaded this EP not knowing what to expect. I love the mix of Electronica and Christian lyrics. Jai is definitely thinking outside of the box with this one! It's very youthful and it will move you, literally! If you are expecting traditional gospel this is not for you. But if you are looking for something that "speaks to your heart" this is the CD to pick up! I absolutely LOVE it! "Good to Me" is my favorite song so far! Well worth the small amount I paid. Keep up the good work Jai! I pray God blesses your endeavor!
The music is tight!  Well produced!!  It doesn't sound like it was made in someone's garage or basement using a Mickey Mouse system!  I pray God allows you to continue to blow up!  Gospel with a very urban and youth appeal!  The church mothers and deacons may have a problem relating to the music, Jojo and 'nem won't!  Overall, I enjoy supporting up and coming artists, especially when they take the time to make sure their production is executed in the spirit of excellence!!  Well done!!
My husband and I were fortunate to meet these talented artists in Clinton, NC where they performed in 90 degree+ weather. We really like their jazzy style of music and the lyrics are unique and Kingdom-minded! Can't wait for more tracks from these artists!Noel a.k.a. The Spin-Man and Jewel.
Life Journal by B. David is a fine, aptly named debut. Those who escape the darker side of life through Christ have a depth of experience from which they can draw. David has turned the trauma of his childhood into soothing messages of hope and healing. It's personal but not so specific that listeners will have trouble relating. It will be especially comforting to those who have been bruised and battered by life. It's filled with positive affirmations that reflect a healthy outlook.Thankfully, this is not a recording that is so message-driven that it suffers artistically. Though there are a few rock riffs, most songs consist of rhythm and blues arrangements with smooth as silk backing vocals. Much of it is delightfully acoustic with minimal production. The sound is somewhat reminiscent of Stevie Wonder, not that David has reached that pinnacle, but I think even Wonder would enjoy the soulful sentiments.A standout is "David," which like the rest of the songs has a one-word title. David has a high-pitched voice, and this song starts a little jarringly with him singing a melody that becomes the chorus. The song quickly takes on a Take 6 vibe, with a percussion track that sounds like finger-snapping, and gentle acoustic guitar. His voice carries an infectious rhythm as he sings: "This is a song that I will sing, when trouble enters my life. This is a song I will play, to get through the night. Though I think I'm nothing, I feel there is something that you want me to do. So I'm going to keep on waiting behind this mountain for you. Until you call my name, I'm going to sing to you."This reminds me that the songs, primarily written or co-written by B. David, have a wonderful childlike quality that is even reflected in the music. The sincere lyrics and the simple arrangements make the songs sound fresh.Back to "David," which is my favorite, even though the first single, "Believe," is also an excellent song. Just when you think "David" can't get any better, it becomes sublime at the end. The music begins to build after a bridge and the background singers start to say, in between David's singing of the chorus melody, "When I feel sad ... When I feel weak ... " It ends on a triumphant note with a choir of singers proclaiming, "I'm gonna worship." This alone makes the CD worth having, but this is a likeable collection of songs. In my mind, the opening "Hope" is the weakest because of its generic rock riffs and sound. David is at his best when in the soulful groove.This recording has broad appeal but is certainly a fine example of music's potential to be therapeutic. David's life reminds us that God can restore the years. His music follows in the wake of the prophesied ministry of the Messiah: "He will not crush those who are weak, or quench the smallest hope, until he brings full justice with his final victory. And his name will be the hope of all the world" (Matthew 12:20-21 NLT). This is a beautiful soundtrack for every life that is reaching for hope and wholeness. Any broken heart will do well to make this part of their therapy.
Paul Estro's self-titled debut forges a new and delightful territory in the country gospel music scene. Estro's raw and witty lyricism, coupled with his intimate Southern backwoods-style vocal intonations, fuses to create a palatable and innovative collection unlike its contemporaries. Throughout the 8-song CD, Estro relies on twangy guitar and female Gospel chorus - not to mention the occasional power chord - to deliver songs that extol the virtues of his faith, while skewering the trappings of the modern church. Moreover, the musicianship of this work is exceptional in technique and caters well to the emotions each song intends to invoke. Highlights include the country shuffle, "The Church of McWill," a Guitar Town-era, Steve Earle-like rocker called "Welcome Home," and the catchy "Pastor Martin is Coming." Fans of country gospel marked by clever satire will find a humorous solace in this memorable debut. Rice B. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
who I as a new believer did not know of until a mission trip to Russia with him in 1997. Mission trips are a blessing but to have such talent as this along is the icing on the cake. One guess who won the talent show at the orphanage. Now I have all his albums I can get my hands on. His talent overrides the fact I have a lot of Christmas music and it is rare for me to find someone who can sing the same songs in a new, interesting and fresh way. He has the highest percentage of any performer with 4 and 5 star ratings in my iTunes collection. Now in August I'm actually looking forward to the Christmas season, despite Christmas merchandise in stores already, this year so I can listen to him. He is a blessing.
Integrity Music has produced a series of fun, topical music CDs for the pre-K crowd under the name God & Me. Featuring a children's chorus and adult vocalists, these bright, upbeat songs are drawn from scripture surrounding a specific topic. God Helps Me is filled with short age-appropriate songs that lead children into a deeper dependence upon God to help, protect, sustain, enable, and sanctify them. There are also some general faith-building songs that celebrate the guidance of God's Word and belief in the risen Lord.Drawn from a variety of musical styles, some of the songs sound jazzy, some are marching songs, others have more of a calypso rhythm, others are lullaby style - this is quite a diverse collection of children's music. Some of the songs feature children and an adult, others are only children, some are rounds etc. Some of this collection's songs are upbeat while others are relaxed and contemplative. Some are even goofy!Just this afternoon my little ones were marching around the living room exclaiming that they could do "All things!" through Christ along with the song "I Can Do All Things". It is exciting to see this kind of discipleship by music taking place even as they sing and dance. This is a sweet album to have on hand for dancing in the living room time.
Hannah The Ideal MotherI have heard many versions of this sermon over the years, but Rev Franklin always has a way of getting the message across.
I've been following Paul and his worship team for some time now, and have almost all of his CD's.  I consider this CD one of his best and includes most of his most favorite songs.Well worth the price.
This is my second favorite Paul Wilbur CD after Shalom Jerusalem. Makes me wanna move my feet and praise the Lord. I highly recommend it.
I downloaded this song because I know I like it but I can't find it now that I've bought it. I admit I haven't looked very hard but I don't think I should have to look very hard to find what I bought.
You feel the spirit of the music.
As an Arrmy Veteran, I was glad to see this offer from Amazon, brought back some great memories, such as hearing taps at the end of the day and knowing that all was well.  And it introduced me to some new military songs that I had not heard.  Would have been great if the Army's Hymn had been included, but realizing that not every branch branch can have all things, it is a good selection.  Again, thank you Amazon.
Great combination of bands, ensembles and music from the US Armed Forces.  If you like patriotic music at all, you will love this album.
Saw this on Veteran's Day and had to add to my collection. Excellant renditions of some of my favorite military marches.
Nice music that reminded me of how proud I am of our armed forces and the sacrifices they make each day.  The instrumental CD is a nice when I'm busy doing something without being concerned about missing the lyrics of a song.  I'm pleased Amazon offered this CD.
Selection of songs was very good and fills you with pride for the great country we enjoy thanks to our brave men and women of our armed forces. Thank you guys for your courageous efforts and service to provide the freedoms we all so enjoy!
Some band tunes have withstood the test of time and will always be great classics other renditions on this album could use improving. For Fourth of July music, it&#8217;s great and when you add in fireworks it really fits the bill.
Very good songs honoring our armed forces throughout the years. These songs bring back alot of memories of being in the service and the feeling of being close to home when away from home.
A Great Collection of Patriotic Songs. I got this for veterans Day being a Vet myself out of 12 songs I really liked 9 of them.  for the price which is 0 you can't go wrong.
While the music reproduction was excellent, some of the choices were a bit questionable.  Appreciated Taps, Retreat, and Call to Colors as they all brought back memories of a time long past.
good selection of music
The music is beautiful, but not free. My husband served in the military for 30 years. He is a disabled veteran who loves this kind of music. That is why I've taken at least an hour trying to download. I also tried to contact Amazon about this supposedly free download on November 11, 2010, but haven't heard anything back. What happened? This seems like a dirty trick.
There are numerous reviews stating the songs are not free, but they are. They have apparently fixed whatever issue there was in the past, because I easily downloaded a free song for my husband. You can listen to samples and download what you choose or download all of them. I thought they would be more marching band style, but they are orchestra-like and nice quality. My husband's favorite is Garry Owen, being a Cav man, so I only downloaded that one for him. However, it's a very nice offer and it does work during this free time period. It's not always free, but it will work if you do it during the Veteran's Day free timeline 2011.
i like anything free, because if i do not like it i can not lose sleep over it. good selection of music
I saw this free download  and thought that I had to have this great music  as I was part of the Amed forces  my self...  thank you Amazon.
It would have been an even better album if it would have had Stars and Stripes Forever.  Good album though.
I'm a USN veteran; retired after serving 20 years.After reading all the negative reviews regarding the $7.99 charge I decided to go through the motions to see exactly when the charge was applied. Am happy to say that when going through the process to download the album there were no charges and the download processed for $0. The site prompted to download the Amazon MP3 Downloader, which I did, and was able to import the album into the Media Player library with no difficulty. It appears, once again, Amazon listened to the feedback and took actions to remedy the situation. The only reason for giving 4 stars vs. 5 stars was the initial confusion/misleading information with the original advertisement of this product, although not experienced in my download.Thanks for providing these patriotic military-centric songs at no charge.
It's a pleasant arrangement of a bunch of familiar, American tunes. Quite comforting and well done. Still listening to it.
Quite short but some nice traditional American music. I can't complain; after all, the entire album is a free download!
I enjoy the recordings, and listen on special days and holidays. Great background music, and good conversation atmosphere created with a bunch of Vets from each Service Branch sitting around hashing out tales 'From The Day'.
A decent collection of songs, not comprehensive to be sure, but nice just the same. A good addition to the collection.
Brings back a lot of memorys. Glad to be a veteran of this United States of America, Hooyah and God bless!
An ode to the everyday life of a person serving in the military is represented by, "Retreat," "The National Anthem," "Taps," and "To the Colors."  Listening to them brought back memories.  These items belong in every Veteran's music collection.  Thanks to Amazon for providing them all in one place!"Holding the Flag for America," has a great message about appreciating the sacrifices of the people who served.  This is recommended listening for all citizens.The patriotic medley, "American Pageant," is professionally executed and enjoyable."The U.S. Navy Hymn" and "The U.S. Air Force Hymn," are similar in style.  They are full, rich and resonating church choir songs.  The producers are advised that people who have served are very loyal to their own branch of the service.  By omitting the Army, Marines and Coast Guard hymns from the collection, Amazon likely ruffled a few feathers."Here's to America," contains a wonderful message about unity and loving America.  It's done well, but reminds me a bit of elevator music.  Not that elevator music is bad, but another style may have provided a more effective format.An instrumental patriotic marching band song is provided in, "Man Behind the Gun.""When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again," is performed in a big band style reminiscent of WWII."Garry Owen," is a fun Irish jig.  I love it, but don't know what it's doing in this collection, or what it has to do with the American military,Overall, this is a nice collection, and the music is professionally performed.  The selection could have been improved, but I enjoyed everything included.
it was great to have for the Veteran's day gathering.  It is even better to have as new workout background music! workout to a beat
Said it was free, does not show up as free. I think that stinks.  Do not adv as free and that post a charge that is so wrong
We are always looking for free patriotic songs for the holidays. We like nearly all the tunes on this album.
Great music and songs.  Superior instrumentation.  All the songs are relevant in making one feel good about the USA.  We need that now.
Very appropriate  to play on Veteran's Day or really any day you are feeling patriotic!It was nice of amazon to offer this!
This album is a great collection of military songs full of tradition. Thank you Amazon for showing your appreciation to those who have and those who are serving our country.
Just like being on the parade grounds.This album is a wonderful gift for Veterans, I downloaded and put it onto a cd for my father in law a WWII vet..
This collection of music reflects the themes of our armed forces as well as patriotic songs of the United States.
Some key pieces are available on this album with good instrumentation and good sound quality. Can't beat the price of this free offering.
No problems downloading for free like many Veterans experienced last year.  I wasn't charged and the music downloaded instantly.  Please enjoy this music with family and fellow brothers (and sisters!)-in-arms.  Semper Fi!
Excellent renderings of bugle calls and traditional songs, but the more recent songs are unimpressive.  Still, a fine Veterans' Day gift.
Here's another new Christmas song I've never heard before.  I enjoyed this song which blends strings (incl piano) and snare drums with an interesting (and different) rhythm.  The singular male voice dominates this piece with occasional harmonization (I believe with his own voice).  Drums transitions to a light rock beat around the middle then dissipates quickly at the very end for a soft finish.  Instrumentation has some climatic points (louder/fuller); my only criticism is that the singer sang in a fairly consistent (moderately loud) tone throughout (very little modulation) and the voice is very similar to so many contemporary male voices, but not unpleasant. Definite country influence on the voice.If you are looking for something different in Christmas music, think about including this piece, especially if you like alternative, light rock or country. Nice piece overall.
My cousins made a cd with a few of his songs on it and when I misplaced the cd I wanted to hear the music again. I bought his album here and am pleased with the purchase. It's not the best cd I own, but certainly not the worst.
The only bad thing about this album is that its only 3 songs.  I can't wait to see what this guy has in store for the future.  All three songs are great and very inspirational.  Well worth the 3 bucks!
Undisguised....Ummmm not as enjoyable as the other 3 albums.You really had gone through somethings...You've grown.  But, the raw and geninue lyrics are the true witness to your walk and song.Your praise worship music...is fresh...no one can remain the same after hearing it.  I know I wasn't.  It even seen nothing has measured up to that first fresh redeemed spirit, I'd felt after hearing your first,3 albums.  I been searching for an artist(preferred male vocalist) with your provision in Christ.  I'm sure Christ will reveal it. Thank you, thank God, in Christ my brother.DR Phillips
Had a scratchy old 33.  This is much better.  But only a few of the songs on the record are available at Amazon.  Too bad.  I would buy the rest at the drop of a hat
I am member of the One Accord DJs (OADA) and I heard "He'll Make It Alright" form Jor'dan in the Kingdom Afilliates record pool.  If you are reading this, you're going to love this song.  It's a blessing. DJ G, myNewLifeMusic.com
I saw them on TBN... I don't have the album yet, but the anointing from their live performance is enough for me to know that this is a MORE THAN great, awesome music. I WAS BLESSED! SHEKINAH...
Beautiful music. I love to listen as I make the long drives to work and back. I wish there were lyrics so I could sing along.
I am so glad that this is a churchy album as a church choir album should be.  There is so much urban, extremely contemporary music out their by artist.  A church choir should sound like church, not a disco.  Thank you Smokie for staying true to church choirs and leaving the more urban stuff for your personal albums. This shows versatility.
Smokie Norful is the presenting name on this cd, in the same vein as Mattie Moss Clark presents.  You have the feel of a church with great instrumentation throughout the songs delivered by VCC.  This is the church Smokie pastors over with multiple sites discipling throughout the Chicagoland area.  There area some standout hits that you should pay close attention to: I Made It, Your Latter Will Be Greater, All I Need and The Greatest Name (the first single).  You will catch Norful on 2 songs, I'm Still Here and I Come Too Far.  Enjoyable vocals and strong musicians throughout the project.  I bump to this cd in my car.
Sara has a tremendous gift. She sings with real heart and a smooth style that will bring you to His throne. I look forward to more music in the future.
The album opens with a fast driving song, Almost Missed This Moment, which has similarities to the Foo Fighters or the Goo Goo Dolls and recaptures this sound near the middle with song 7.  The title track, Blink, gets a lot of airplay on K-Love and Air 1, and is very solid and balanced.  Song 6, Hold on Love, is a bit slower. Love Found Me will have you singing "yea, yea, love found me" as it is catchy.  We Were Meant to Be is very heartfelt and well written.  The closing song, Welcome to Eternity, is simple and slower and will make you contemplate the words.Overall this is a good album with variety in pace and heart-felt lyrics.  If you've heard the song, Blink and like it, you will enjoy the rest of the album.  A few songs could definately be cross over to adult alternative rock or modern rock, so this may be a great way to introduce new listeners to Christian music.
This instrumental Christian music is worshipful.  It helps me worship and enjoy instrumental music at the same time.  Good musicians.
It's about time that (Kim Coleman) had music for the public to enjoy and purchase. I haven't seen or heard of her, since her days with (The Jimmy Swaggart Crusade Team). If you like other singers like (Janet Paschal), (Karen Wheaton) or (Mary Ann Peluso)- then you will love (Kim Coleman). Every song on this project, shows just how very talented she is. I highly recommend it! Gospel music the way its meant to be.
This is very uplifting. Not only because I am a Fred Hammond fan, but because the variety of styles and vocals are refreshing. Two Thumbs up for me!
I am so glad to have the opportunity to hear this wonderful ministry.  May God continue to Bless DJ Fella as he blesses others with his anointed music ministry!Michele Bradley Price
I believe this album is a wonderful display of God-given talent especially in the composition of the songs. DJ Fella is an annointed writer, speaking on matters that one only encounters through "relationship" with the Father. Great melodies and variety -- there's truly something on this album for everyone. God Bless you on your future endeavors!
Wonderful spiritual instrumental music - I use it a lot as background music for reconciliation services.  Some tracks are a *bit* hoakie, but I just skip them.  The majority are very tasteful!
Old school Gospel, hubby and wife duo, Gospel music has changed now 2010, If your tired of hearing hip hop in today's Gospel music, back up a decade and throw down on this release, late 80's early 90's Gospel is much more down to earth. this takes me way back, I love this couple's work in gospel
I love hymns, and now I can share them with others,because of this very well done background accompaniment.  Another excellent product from ProSound.
I bought this to add to my seminary class prelude collection but find that I enjoy listening to it at home too, just for fun.  Not quite a 5 star for me because of personal preference mainly - not a "country" music fan and there is some twang here and there.  Also "Count Your Blessings" is a great song until the end when the female voice giggles and says its beautiful. Overall I really enjoy its upbeat feel and unique arrangement of hymns.
A nice, different, artistic and substantive take on traditional hymns.  Artists seem like professionals, not amateurs. Make another one Lower Lights!
I enjoyed this CD very much; especially Swing Low, Sweet Chariot. Glad I purchased it. They are a great group with a variety of voices. Lots of talent.
I love the collective effort & I'm amazed that they were able to pull this off. I already enjoy many of the individual artists and found that their collaboration gave me a greater appreciation for their artistic abilities. I look forward to more but hope that the direction doesn't go too far astray just to be different.
Nice songs. Julissa is one of my best singer. All tome her songs can bring blessing to you. Gran salmista.
When I am down, I need the hymns to lift my spirit and this music did no less than to get me out of my pity party.
I finally bought this after having Singalong 2 since last year. I would advise you to buy Singalong2 first because it will floor you, but this is still great nonetheless. Both Singalong albums are just prime examples of how amazing Phil Wickham is live. If you've never seen him, make sure you make it out to one of his shows. It's an awesome and worshipful experience.
I have always bought my CD directly from the Gateway Church so this review is mostly centered on the music. The music is good live worship music, mixes both orginal and classic styles to a well put together high energy CD. CD is best enjoyed Track 1 to the end in one shot. I commute 2 hrs each day and this CD helps mold my mind towards God and loving others.I would not recommened you buy from Amazon, the price looks way to high I only paid $8 for my copy directly from Gateway I suppose you are paying for middle man costs and shipping is free so that makes up for it.
I've really enjoyed worshipping with this CD!  The tracks that stand out to me are I Hear the Lord Passing By & Faithful God.  So many great songs on this CD.  Highly recommend it!
Great set of music that points us heavenward.  I particularly enjoy Kari's handling of &#34;O the Blood&#34;.  Thank you Gateway!
Gateway Church celebrated its tenth anniversary this year.  With an attendance of 16,000 people on a given Sunday, this Dallas-Ft. Worth-based church is becoming nationally and internationally influential, especially with its worship music.  God Be Praised is Gateway Worship's third live album, alongside five other studio albums, the first having been produced in 2003.Gateway Worship appears to have emerged largely out of the Christ for the Nations Institute (CFNI), a Bible school from the Pentecostal/charismatic tradition.  It appears that as CFNI raises up young, talented worship leaders (including, notably, Dove award-winner Kari Jobe), they send them to Gateway.  Some hail Gateway as the Hillsong of the United States.  To me, at least stylistically, New Life Church (Colorado Springs, CO) seems like a closer parallel.REVIEW SUMMARYGod Be Praised is a typical-sounding, live "arena worship" album, with an array of lead singers and worship leaders.  It verges on being more "contemporary" than "modern" in worship-style, and it displays a sensible array of worship-expression--praise, adoration, confession, lament.  My favorite songs (and therefore the songs I'd most likely incorporate at our church), musically and textually, are "O the Blood" and "Faithful God."  It is a solid album with exquisite moments of inspiration, but it does not jump out to the listener, either musically or theologically, as extraordinary.Read the full review at zachicks.com:[...]
I would give this 4 1/2 stars. My favorite song so far on the album is Blowin in The Wind. These sisters harmonize as only sisters can do. You can feel the unity in their voices. I find so many of the songs deeply encouraging.They speak to my heart as a Christian, yet I think anyone could appreciate their music for the excellence alone. The message of the lyrics resonates with me. The songs are about remembering God is in control, He loves us, and in the end it's gonna be alright. This is a message we all need to embrace in times such as these.
Rated: 4.1 StarsI don't think I have any christian reggae/rap albums. I mean really the closest to christian reggae I've had was Ron Kenoly - Winna, mon and a live remix of Gary Anglin's - Everlasting. That's pretty much it. I'm not knocking those songs at all because I like them but it's a scarce selection. Now while I was searching christian a while ago i did come across Benjah's album but I had passed it over with intentions to buy it as some later time and that has yet to happen but this album did very much grab my attention. With absolute favorites being 'Before this life is over' and 'Back in the day'. Following those would be 'Follow Love' and 'Nine One One'. Some of these songs are just very soothing.1. Come Follow [5/5]2. Before this Life is Over [5/5]3. Come Near (Chasing the Wind) [4/5]4. Sky Falls Down [5/5]5. Back In Tha Day [5/5]6. Wanna Be LOVD [4/5]7. Follow Love (Lov'd Ones Anthem) [5/5]8. Hey JahJah [2/5]9. Nine One One [5/5]10. Grateful [4/5]11. Under His Wings [3/5]12. Follow Dub (Solomon's Verson)[2/5]/ Skit (I'm in love with the girl?)[unrated]Overall 4.08 [Excellent]I have to say I didn't enjoy the remix of Follow Love as much as the original. And under his wings was done in a old style. In a way that resembles a time I guess when recording technology wasn't so great. It works for me but not really that great of a song. And to explain about track 12. The Follow Dub stops at 3:20 and the skit/song starts up at 8:16. Seems like a waste of five minutes and could've just been separated and put on the album as two different tracks. I know it's been done a lot but still. That last snippet of a song probably could've made a good track on it's on anyway.You know the worst thing I could say about the album is that it doesn't come with Lyrics. Which would be really useful as there are times I can't clearly hear what is being said. That was the main reason why I wanted to buy the actual CD's instead of mp3 downloads but all the christian rap cd's i've gotten don't include lyrics. Anyway Other than that it's a real joy to listen to.
I think Benjah and Dillavou's Lov'd Ones album is very good. It is definitely Island Soul. The beats and the music is great, excellent vibes especially on Follow Dub. Songs like Grateful and Wanna be Loved are very worshipful and really speak the heart of the believer. I even love the bonus track, funny and great. The down side to this album is that it is way too short. Majority of the songs leave you hanging, just when you are really getting into the song it cuts off. And you're left with this incomplete feeling. It really sucks because this isnt an album you can take to the gym, it doesnt last a whole hour. I definitely want more from this album than it is giving; even the bonus track, right when you start vibing with it, its over. The content is good, gotta love hearing the truth of Christ. I just want more.
AS A LOVER OF ALL MUSIC WITH GOSPEL BEING MY FAVORITE THIS CD COMPLETES MY COLLECTION. CAN'T WAIT TOHEAR AND COLLECT MORE MUSIC BY BISHOP EVANS
Shirley Miller's signature voice has been one of my favorites since hearing her solos with the Edwind Hawkins Singers in the 70s and the Hawkins Family in the 80s.  This is a great album that's a long lasting project.  My favorite is Danniebelle's "God Knows Best."  Can't give it full-five stars because it's a dub from a vinyl LP, not remastered from original tracks and you can hear the "pops" from the record!  LOL  - In all of the US (& EBAY) they couldn't find a still-sealed copy to dub it from, then edit out the "pops!"  Well, we lived with the pops before there was digital!
I found this project to be very good. I enjoy this style of music. Calvin Suggs realy bring it home on several songs, really enjoy Do Nothing. It speaks volume of todays problems. Enjoyed all songs. I will be checking for additional projects by Calvin Suggs.
I though it was by Steven Curtis Chapment when I bought it.Was disappointed after I started listening to it.I don't like how they try to exactly copy what Steven did with his music, but they do sing a lot of songs fairly well.
I enjoyed listening to music at my massage therapist's office... Now I recreate the experience at home by listening to this calming music.
Prime Cuts:  Lord, I Give Myself, Overwhelmed, His Glory Appears"Simply Darlene" is the answer to the enigma of Hillsong Music's global success.  In less than two decades, Hillsong Music has become the staple of Praise and Worship across the world sung each Sunday morning by millions of people.  Even when church goers may not be familiar with the moniker "Hillsong Music," they have sung to their heart's content songs such as "The Power of Your Love," "Shout to the Lord" and "The Potter's Hands."  Behind such success lies its former worship pastor and song leader Darlene Zschech. When worship music was once dominated by male leaders, Zschech broke the mould by extending the job description to women.  Coupled with her ability to write worship anthems that packed up stadiums with soaring praises to the mighty and her passionate delivery, Zschech is deservingly one of the church's worship assets.  "Simply Darlene" finds the Australia worship pastor going back to the studios to re-record her own compositions from her the start of her Hillsong career to 2009's "His Glory Appears" (co-written with Marty Sampson) in an unplugged and acoustically.  Often backed by just guitars and piano, the highlight here is on Zschech and her quieter interpretations of some of her classics.Stripped of the screeching guitars, ear-popping drums, and the rowdy audience participation often accompanying Hillsong's music, here we really get to hear Zschech as she is.  While the original "His Glory Appears" has a layered ethereal feel performed by Brooke Fraser on Hillsong's "Faith, Hope and Love," here Zschech's version almost sounds like another song.  Devotionally sung like a prayer to God, Zschech's version is stunningly sincere, heartfelt and intimate.  The same can be said of "Have Your Way" --- the simple strumming of the acoustic guitar is the perfect marriage to Zschech's soft delivery.  Taken from 2001's "You Are My World" CD, "Irresistible" with its unadorned backings has a folk-country feel giving it a fresh interpretation.With such an arable portfolio, save for "His Glory Appears," it's interesting that most of the songs were culled from her earlier works.  "Pearls and Golds" was the title track to Zschech's own solo out of print debut CD released way before Hillsong made it to the global map.  While "The Potter's Hands" was one of the first few worship songs that made Zschech a household name.  Nevertheless, despite Zschech's passion, she sounds really strained as she tortourously tries to make her way through the high notes. The same goes for "Jesus, You're All in Need."  And without her usual wall of sound camouflaging her fragile vocals, this unplugged endeavour may not work for Zschech.  Furthermore, with very little variation of only guitars and piano, the backings get a little repetitive over 12 tracks.Nevertheless, the pride of place goes to the songs.  Zschech has a way of putting Biblical truths in such memorable tunes that this album just flows from one worship gem to another.  "Overwhelmed" for instance captures beautifully a heart captivated by God's majesty. "It's You" has such simple lyrics yet it hits all the right buttons for a great worship song--Christ-centered, memorable and easy to sing-a-long.  Zschech is indispensable when it comes to worship music--her ability to sir hearts to worship with her passionate delivery and her sublimely written tunes are reasons why Hillsong is one of today's leaders in contemporary worship.  "Simply Darlene" will bring you many hours of simply worship in quiet and yet heart rendering ways.
Well i listned to the samples and he is one of the few Christian artists with mordern day beats to attract young people.  He sounds like Black Eyed Peas, and the non-tchno almost sounds like Jason Derulo!My favorite track is definitly Show Stopper, its all pretty good.I reccommend i am buying it as soon as i get enough money!
Awesome artistry. Would buy anything that Mali comes out with. Can't wait to hear his next offering sure it will be a banger.
The project provides great Sunday morning songs.  Bishop Hairston and Voices know how to minister the word of God that will impact worship services across the world. Bless your ministry.
This CD was fine to listen to and I did use it as a time for worship in personal devotions.
All great songs on this project. Definitely worth the money! Showcases some really talented kids who seem to genuinely enjoy praising the Lord. I would recommend this project to anyone looking for good youth choir songs and believe in supporting young people.
With a mission to be not just a band, but a youth movement that can shake generations, rock-infused worshipers Worth Dying For released their newest project Love Riot. The band has been part of Ammunition Movement, the youth ministry of Calvary Temple of Modesto, CA for almost six years. Now the band is poised to let their songs resonate in the hearts of the young people across this nation. Fans of Hillsong United, Skillet and Evanescence will be drawn to the guitar-driven rock sound and the fresh lead vocals of Christy Johnson and Sean Loche.The cohesiveness of this album is one of the highlights for me as the 15 songs run in a track order that flows seamlessly from one song to the next similar to award winning Church Music by David Crowder*Band. "Destroy" is a spoken word sermon/song that kicks off the album. Although it's an unusual beginning, I really like how the energy builds and once the drum beat kicks in right before the speaker announces: "warriors arise and raise your fist with us, defeat is no longer an option" which leads to the chorus: "we stand, we rise, we give our lives." Christy continues her lead vocals into the next song "Savior" which is a stand-out worship rock anthem and has a very catchy and convicting declaration: "Savior, Savior...so come and release Your fire again."  I knew I was in for a treat with that explosive beginning.Title track "Love Riot" has a rock dance beat and Sean's lead vocals really grabbed me. I especially love the lyrics: "Love riot, turn the city upside down. Love riot, for the Name of Jesus." Christy sounds off with a catchy bridge and the song has one of the best musical beats I've heard in awhile. I can't get enough of stand-out song "Through Your Eyes" as the rock beat, and Christy's, Sean's and Trevor's vocals all grab me as the song cries out "I want to see the world through Your eyes." "You're Alive" and "Stir It Up" keep the energy gushing with cool edgy rock beats and great guitar riffs. Some other highlights for me are "Higher," "Power of Your Love," and "No Love Greater" which all feature Christy's stellar lead vocals and are high energy rock worship songs.  The album closes with some reflective worship songs, "Closer," "Take Me Away," and a great cover of "My Glorious," originally recorded by Delirious?.CLOSING THOUGHTSI was familiar with Worth Dying For from their Integrity Records debut and I've long enjoyed the female rock vocal style of Evanescence and Flyleaf. Christy Johnson really displays a similar vocal style on the stand-out songs for me on this solid album: "Savior," "Love Riot," "Higher," "Power Of Your Love," "No Love Greater," and my personal favorite song from this album "Through Your Eyes," which features co-vocals by Sean Loche and a guest vocal by Trevor McNevan of Thousand Foot Krutch/FM Static. I love listening to this album during my commuting time when I want a pick me up album that glorifies God and gets me pumped about my faith. Love Riot is loaded with great rock beats, catchy melodies, and solid lyrics reflecting unashamed faith in Jesus.
This group really surprised me in the quality of their instrumentation! Sounds like a nice summer night with a glass of wine with friends.  Move over Soggy Bottom Boys!
I was disappointed to find this wasn't the exact song that was in the movie but pleased that I do like this version also.
This is one of those albums that you don't expect to be good but then it surprises you. In one of the lowest times of my life I purchased this album on cassette years ago and it really spoke to me and encouraged me in what I was going through. It reminds me of Donald Lawrence or Hezekiah Walker. They both have a gift of exhortation. Jesse is no longer with us, so I've heard but I thank God that he (Jesse) allowed Him to use him to encourage someone like me.
Very good product! Glory Be To God! I Recomend this cd from my sister in Christ Christine D' Clario, In Jesus Name! Amen!
This is a great contemporary gospel album.  Marc Danyell's debut album demonstrates his versatility throughout.  Musical backgrounds of the songs cover various genres including Cajun, R&B and Jazz.  It's hard to determine which songs are my favorites.  When I first listened they were `He touched Me', `Breakthrough', and `You were there".  But each time I listen, I add another favorite to the list.  Check it out, there's something for everyone.
'Traditional Gospel Hymns" is a really beautiful collection of old-time hymns with lovely harmonies.  It is the perfect music for relaxing with a cold drink on a hot summer's evening.  Instant serenity!  Thank you Amazon!
I downloaded this free sampler expecting maybe one or two okay songs. What I got was a wonderful collection. I especially like the songs from "Revival Tonight" by Savae. The harmonies are exceptional and the lyrics fully comprehensible. A combination that makes the message of the music stand out.
Harmonies are what I like and Traditional Gospel Hymns have a little different take on my favorite, Amazing Grace.  Peaceful music.  I downloaded this to my Kindle Fire - great sound!
I glanced at the cover of the album in this week's free offerings from Amazon, and almost "blew it off."But since I like a little Gospel here and there, I decided to give the samples a listen. WOW!  There's some GOOD STUFF on this one!One of the artists is SAVAE - the San Antonio Vocal Arts Ensemble. 8 of the 15 tracks are theirs, all acapella. VERY nice.Ben Bowen King (5 of the 15) is apparently also a San Antonio "local."  It's solo guitar work with a definite "Windham Hill" flavor, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It's precision guitar work with FEELING, no doubt about it!Finally, there are 2 tunes by Gaelic Strings. "New Age-y", too?  Sure... but, again, what's wrong with THAT?!  Besides, you don't often hear "new agers" doing traditional gospel very often, do you?!All-in-all this is a very good album.  And it's WELL-recorded - at LEAST as good, if not better, than a LOT of the hyper-compressed MP3's out there. It's very open and transparent, and surprisingly quiet even with headphones.
We enjoy this type of music.  Love the old Gospel songs and what they signify in life and the future of each of us.
This album has a lot of variety on it that has something for everyone.  There are vocal songs as well as guitar songs on this album.  I personally prefer the guitar songs on this album as they are mellow and relaxing to listen to.  My favorite song on this album is Blessed Assurance.Overall, I definitely recommend this album.
If you like traditional gospel music, this is a great free album. It has both singing and instrumentals. Amazing Grace is my favorite. It's great when you just want to sit back, listen, and enjoy!
Ted Wizard Mills brings that &#34;Blue Magic&#34; style to gospel music. It's all about that feeling that goes through you when he hits thosenotes way up there in a soothing way. Kind of sound that touches your heart and makes you feel alive.
THIS IS RIGHT ON POINT LOVE IT I LOVE THE BEATS AND THE MESAGE WHAT MORE CAN YOU SAY GREAT
I'm not a big fan of this style of music...definitely more boyband sound. But I really liked their KLOVE 2014 mashup, so decided to check them out.I only purchased Lifeline, Lighthouse, and Where the Light Is, not the entire CD. As an iTunes reviewer mentioned, the lyrics for these songs are very good. Much better than I would have expected from this genre. Lighthouse is one of the best Christian songs I've heard on how each of us are(should be) a light in this world. Lifeline has a more rocky, harder edge, which is a nice change from the lighter, boyband sound. It is pretty much the lyrics, and they do have good vocals and music, that keep me listening.If you have kids that like this genre, and you'd rather them listen to Christian music, then definitely purchase this over secular offerings. Anthem Lights songs have a strong Christian message.
This is an awesome cd. They have so much talent and it is beautifully done. Some great tracks on this album that all should get and listen to! :)
The music is great, but the sound quality of a few of the tracks is pretty poor.  Still probably worth the download.
This tribute is good but could be better. I just wish there was more than five songs from his first four albums.
Let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of the Inspirations.  They are the best Southern Gospel group ever.  Their music continues to be Biblically sound which is very important to me.  They have had many changes in singers over the years and I have to say that I prefer their older stuff when Archie Watkins was their tenor.  Their new tenor for the last 2 albums is Jodi Hosterman and he has a very high pitched voice.  I don't care for his solos but he blends in with the group well when they are all singing together.  Also worth mentioning is the best bass singer in the business, Big Mike Holcomb.  He is the rock of the Inspirations.The standout tracks on this album are:1. My Lord Is Taking Good Care3. God Makes No Mistakes7. Talk About Dying10. I Choose The LordTracks 3 and 7 are my favorites.  All of the other songs are good as well.If you've never listened to the Inspirations before, you are in for a real treat.  They still rank at the top of the Southern Gospel charts today.
I'm an old fan of Kenny's from way back in his (Ten City) days. Now that I'm in the church, it's interesting to hear him do this new gospel club style sound. Keep doin what cha doin Kenny. 2 thumbs up.
I am such a Kenny Bobien and House music Fan! His inspirational style moves your soul. If you are a "house head" than add this one to your collection.
This is a great cd that just makes you want to dance for Jesus whenever you listen to it.. Forreal...
I own the 1st cd and it was great this cd is also great. I really live to see them perform live.  This cd is bringing back choir's to the gospel industry. GREAT WORK ZION MOVEMENT.
This song is so inspiring, I love the melody and the acknowledement of Christ and the power he gives to us. Something to think about when you question our purpose.
If you love choir based gospel than this is for you. It has some of the best and you will feel lifted after every song.
I can only say I'm sorry I didn't hear this project until recently. I was impressed by the majority of this CD, the overall flow, production, and content were all very well done, just missed on one song for me. I have been looking for a new project from Hansoul, so brother in Christ, where ya at!???Jesus saves y'all get to know the Lord through your life's story, Hansoul displayed his very well here. 4.5 Stars
Christon Gray is my favorite male singer so it's nice to hear this kind of chill, smooth gospel kind of music from him! Esp love the way he does Mender of Broken Hearts! And Isle of You is an awesome love song! :)
Even with Evil with me is a very powerful song and the album all together is a very good Christain R&B album.
I like to call this genre of music "Neo Psalms."  It has a very soulful sound, Christon's voice is great and the lyrics are uplifting. You can either groove in your car with this CD or you can get into worship.  You won't be disappointed.
Trish Standley's voice is clear and strong. Her CD shines from track to track.The exhilarating lead song "Cheer Up" is great!!!Other standout tracks are:"Redeemed" A slow cut that pulls you in immediately."Where You Are"  Harkens back to those old school  R&B; ballads but the message is al JESUS"Love"  Makes you feel good with its disco infused syncopation and happy bounce. I like this one!"He Lives" Is a cut that gives you the feel of hearing Trish live in concert. A jazzy ,R&B; tune that goes straight to the heart."For We Know"  Awesome cut.A voice and name you should get to know.Get the CD and be blessed!
Was in my brother's car when CD was playing, and ask who it was...He express that it was a local group from the Cleveland Cty., NC area...Indeed a blessing to hear new sounds of "Male Quartet Gospel" from this CD that was playing..."The Ponder's" definitely has there own sound...Keep the blessings coming...
Rita Springer has been playing the piano since she was 11 years old.  She began lessons not with a desire to write songs or lead worship but because she was jealous of an older sister who was taking lessons and she wanted them as well. Music had always caused a stirring in Rita. Rita recorded her first album entitled Love Covers in the mid 1990's. She has released several other albums and the compilation, Worth it All.  In 2011, Rita releases her first album on Integrity Music, The Playlist. I have never heard anything by Rita prior to this album. I'm impressed by her sound which is an eclectic mix of Jennifer Knapp, Sarah Sadler, Kim Walker-Smith, Michelle Tumes and Darlene Zschech.The Playlist  includes a soft sounding pretty worship ballad, "Come In" which has Rita yearning for God, "in everything, in all I sing, in everywhere, in all I say, all that it costs, I count it loss, just  to see You," straight from Philippians 3:8-11. The song shifts to a guitar-based song and in many of the bigger vocal moments, her vocals take on the gritty sound that reminds me of Jennifer Knapp and Sarah Sadler, a cool transformation which I found myself listening for throughout the album. The album has a mesmerizing, contemplative vibe and every song invites the listener to join in with Rita as she praises our Savior and Lord Jesus with all of her heart and soul. "In This Forever" reminds me of Rita's label-mate Vicky Beeching at the beginning with a Brit-rock style and when Rita's voice breaks as she belts out "I am in this forever," you can't help but get swept up in the emotion of the song. "Make You Happy" has the "Undignified" upbeat worship chorus similar to the Matt Redman and David Crowder takes on the passage about David dancing before the Lord. "Over I Go" is fascinating epic-sounding worship anthem with a rhythmic guitar-riff and the song would fit perfectly on a Jesus Culture album, including Rita's passionate vocal performance reminding me of Kim Walker-Smith's vocals on "You Are My Passion."Some of the softer songs on the album that really stand out to me are "The One," "You Are My Hallelujah" and "Falling" which are all passionate ethereal worship songs that remind me of "There Is A Redeemer" by Michelle Tumes and "I Give You My Heart" by Darlene Zschech both in their God-focused worshipful lyrics and musically. Rita believes that the joy of being a worship leader is to make those listening, jealous for what has been found in Christ.  Making Christ famous through the art, act and physical sound of our worship is Rita's anthem and her deepest desire is to see this arise in the body of Christ. Her motto is; "To make the Lord famous in whatever I do with my worship and relationship with Him." Amen to that!CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)My best description of this album is if you like Jennifer Knapp's original worship songs "Lay It Down," "Undo Me" and "A Little More," then you'll really like this album. Vocally at times she could double for Jennifer Knapp or Sarah Sadler and musically some of the songs on the album have that same gritty, guitar based worship style especially the tracks "Come In," "In This Forever" and "Over I Go." Other times during the album Rita's vocals and songs have an ethereal sound like Michelle Tumes and Darlene Zschech including "The One," "You Are My Hallelujah" and "Falling." If you like albums with God-focused worshipful lyrics, musical diversity and engaging female vocals with a lot of range then you'll want to check out The Playlist by Rita Springer.
Definitely an album with a slower feel to it. Although I enjoyed it, it's not your typical upbeat/traditional Christmas fare. I sometimes found it to be too slow for my liking (I downloaded it for a road trip), but I think it would do well for a quiet night to relax by yourself or with family and friends.
"Angels in Our Eyes" is Ray and Catherine Silvia, an Oregon-based duo that features vocals, acoustic guitar, harmonica and keyboard synthesizer. With ten albums released since 2007, they are joined by guest artist and recording engineer Tony Esperance, who adds his lead guitar, bass, keyboard and even a few backup vocals (on two tracks). "On a Journey" is inspirational music about life's travels, through the twists and turns that we all encounter. Ray and Catherine note that the contemporary Christian music is "especially good for people in recovery - which is most of us." Born and raised in Gustine, Ca., Ray Silvia mastered guitar, then began playing harmonica and composing and performing Christian music during his college days. He recently completed the Master of Pastoral Ministry program at the University of Portland. Also originally from California, Catherine Silvia took voice lessons and joined the "Up with People" singing group. Their faith and musical interests brought "Angels in Our Eyes" together, and they have been friends in ministry since 2006.Catherine says that each of their songs has a unique message and personality, which she loves to discover and to express. The album opens with "Because You Love Me" based on Psalm 139, and Catherine is praiseful of opening up her heart to change so that she'll be led in the way everlasting. "Love I Have for You" was sung when the couple married in March, 2011. With lead vocals by Ray, "Put Your Hand in My Side" was inspired by a passage from the Bible (John 20:24-31) in which Jesus appears to Thomas. Jesus says "Put your hand in my side, Tom," and Tom replies "My Lord and my God!" At track seven, "Living in the Mystery," Catherine acknowledges "His spirit now lives within us" and proclaims her spiritual fullness in Christ.Recognizing that the Lord will guide her always and satisfy her needs, "Wellspring Revisited" was inspired by passages in Matthew 13 and Isaiah 58. While "Follow After You" establishes a pleasing melodic and rhythmic groove, Ray's lead and double-tracked backup vocals don't have the same impact as Catherine's. The straightforward message is heartfelt, however, as they sing "Pick up my cross, I won't be lost, if I follow after you." With love and mercy in her heart, Catherine sings "You, O Lord" about her soul wanting the Lord much like the deer longs for the crystal stream, or the flower opens up to taste the rain. Finding her voice, she's then "Moving On," and the one-minute reprise "Now That I Wrote" closes the album proclaiming that her body and soul belong to the Lord. (Joe Ross, Roots Music Review)
great worship
Twenty or so unique songs for 7 bucks.  I liked about 15 of them so it was a good deal for me.
Never Look Back by John Barnett is everything you would expect from Vineyard Music: original and classic covers of inspired, God-directed songs, solid musicianship and excellent production. But something unusual happened on the way to the recording studio. Barnett and company ended up in the middle of the desert, where tumbleweeds blow through ghost towns, the sky is big as Montana and signs of life are scarce.It may even seem like God is absent but what is missing is the modern pop/rock sound that has characterized so many Vineyard recordings. Instead you get music that has an earthy, rustic quality. It reminds me of why so many people liked The Band. This sounds like a small group playing instruments without a lot of production or synthesized sounds. It would be easy to imagine that this was produced by Buddy Miller instead of Bobby Hartry.It is the mid-tempo, sometimes subdued nature of the recording that immediately caught my attention. It leans toward the acoustic with a raw and rugged feel. Drums rumble like distant thunder. Quirky percussion and instrumentation lend charm. There is plenty of strumming but an electric guitar breaks like lightning on "Better Than Life." Electrified rhythm and solos add weight.Some songs have a slight country-feel. That is particularly evident on the opening title track, where world-weary lyrics and lap steel give the song a haunting quality. The photos in the CD booklet aptly convey the stark mood. Who would have thought that in our over-stimulated age that this could serve as the backdrop for adoration?"Our God Reigns" is indicative of the variety that exists. With its use of dulcimer, sleigh-bell like percussion, and Brian Wilson/Beach Boy harmony vocals, this is one of the tracks that veer towards a more indie/alternative sound.In contrast, grunge-like riffs punctuate "Desperate Heart," calling to mind Neil Young and Crazy Horse. But this is as heavy as it gets. These songs are more about finesse than power chords.A wide array of outside-the-norm instruments, including Glockenspiel, Omnichord, SK1, Mellotron, Hammered Dulcimer, Melodica, etc. add uniqueness to predominantly new songs written mostly by Barnett. "Stand in Awe" comes from Jeremy Riddle. Barnett takes a classic, his own "Holy and Anointed One," and brilliantly recreates it with just banjo and vocals. It is a beautiful and peaceful way to close a recording that provides evidence that less can be more. This is a welcome change, and I hope others similarly engaged will consider how they can offer up something fresh. It need not be complicated to be like water in the desert. These are simple expressions in a desolate context reminding us that God inhabits stark places as well places of plenty.
I have not had the album long enough to rate it accurately? I think it will meet my expectations. Greater vision is a great group.
Some friends recommended this, so I listened to the demos and hear McMillan's country/folk voice.  Immediately, I thought I would dislike this album, since I'm not really into country music. At all.  After buying and listening to the album, I can say that it is actually pretty good.  His voice is not my style, but the music overall is good.  The band goes into these jam sessions every so often, and it just rocks.  It's great.  So if you like that country/folk voice, buy it, you'll love it, and even if that's not your style, listen to it anyways, it's got some great stuff on it anyways.
I like this CD and it has a lot of good songs on it. The reason I gave it four instead of 5 stars is it can sound really similar to his previous CD. Aside from that it is a great CD and his passion comes through the lyrics
best way to go to sleep, get your mind off of everything else and focus on the music and off to sleep you go.
A wonderful project, more entertaining than it is a worship experience.  Upbeat and pleasant, overall. Would have liked to been privy to some of the deleted portions.
I really enjoy the ministry of Jason, he is a great preacher.  His songs are spirit filled.  Great purchase and others will love!
Nice but not spectacular........which is what I expected.  But you cannot go wrong when you purchase a Gospel CD or DVD because afterall: It's all about God!
I love this song because it focuses on the presence of God and how there are different levels of praise..Awesome!
This is a great CD! It speaks of power and encourages you to shift your atmosphere by speaking the power that has been given us,
I BROUGHT THIS CD FOR ONE SONG, SHIFTING THE ATMOSPHERE AND I FOUND ABOUT 3 OTHER SONGS THAT BLESSED MY SOUL!
This album ministers to your soul and spirit! Anointed people of God produced this project and it is noticeably...Thank you for listening to Him!
I'm in love with this CD play it all the time love it, love it, this CD never gets old
This product is wonderful. I am enjoying it to the fullest. I will recommend it to all my friends.. I like music and the cd was in greatcondition. I will purchase in future.
This is a worship song. I have not heard the full album but this song is good and the sound is great.
I heard the title track on BET's "Sunday Best" and that is what made me seek out to purchase the CD. Jason Nelson has a strong melodic voice. I am enjoying the CD from beginning to end.
I knew the first time I heard Jason sing Dominion that I was going to pick up the project as soon as it was available.  I am not disappointed with the project at all!  Great music, the anointing is greatly felt in the lyrics, voice and music.  Great production and great job!  Well done!
Review for Shifting the Atmoshpere CD byJason Nelson.  I really enjoy this Cd...having heard him speak on TBN, as well as sing was the inspiration for purchasing it and I am not disappointed... It is great for worshping.. and for intercession..
cd is ok. I think i will have to listen again because so far I onlylike the song from the title of the album. maybe it will grow on me.
Good sound, good music, very good cd.  I heard Anthony sing a couple of songs from this cd on TBN, & I had to make the purchase.  I'm glad that I did.
A perfect background for old pictures and for casual listening when you want a different sound to listen to in your home..
I enjoyed the songs on this CD would recommend to anyone that likes worship.The musically part was enjoyable as well.
This is a good worshipful song.  It is good for a soloist to sing, however lots of words to learn.
Kirk Carr is one of my favorite gospel artist.  He always produces music that encourage and strengthens you.  Kirk Carr and the Kurt Carr Singers are one of a kind.
I love this cd!  Great worship and to hear the progression of the spirit from his first cd until now is wonderful.
Never Out of Season is a great gospel jazz cd and I hoping to see more like it.  My top 2 favorite songs are Ukuphila (&#34;The Healing Song&#34;) and Speak To My Heart and very much enjoy the other tracks as well. Since purchasing this cd, I've listened to it at least 3times a week.
Lots of great music here, a lot of Who's Who in the Christian Rap game are on this CD.  It also goes to support poor people in Africa so DOWNLOAD it people.
TO SAY THAT MARVIN SAPP HAS DONE IT AGAIN WOULD BE A GREAT UNDERSTATEMENT. MARVIN HAS THIS INATE ABILITY TO BE USED BY THE HAND OF GOD SO THAT WHATEVER HE MAY BE GOING THROUGH (OR SHOULD I SAY "GROWING THROUGH")HE TAKES IT AND USES IT TO BLES OTHERS. SUCH IS THE CASE HERE FOR WITH THE RECENT PASSING OF HIS WIFE, YOU CAN SIMPLY FEEL HIS PASSION. HE USES THE HURT AND BRINGS IT TO THE GLORY. JUST LIKE HE DID WITH "NEVER WOULD HAVE MADE IT" OR WITH "THE BEST IN ME" HE HAS FOUND ANOTHER WAY TO TAKE US HIGHER INTO THE GLORY WITH "MY TESTIMONY". MARVIN WE FEEL YOUR PAIN, WE FEEL YOUR ANOINTING BUT MOST IMPORTANTLYTHROUGH YOU, WE FEEL GOD'S GLORY.
"The Experience" is fresh.  We listen to it almost every morning. My 5 year old even knows the songs.  Everyone needs this cd in their life! Jay Lowder truely loves God and His word and it shows in his music!
For a young, new, gospel indie artist this song is lyrically awesome and very encouraging. Its a mellow tune reminding me that my money will leave me, my friends may leave me, my 'things' will eventually go, but God never leaves for forsakes so i should, will and do continually trust Him.
I recommend this song to all who love to sing praises. This song is an inspiration to me.  With some much of Christian music today compromising their message for the sake of appeasing to the things of this culture; the message of this song stays true to Scripture.
This is yet another great CD.  It was song after song that I enjoy listening to.  I would recommend it.
This cd is a really good showing for this Houston veteran.  I play Free to Be me everyday as it is truly my testimony at this time.
He puts you in the mind of Fred Hammond.  But, I fell in love with this song because of the lyrics.  Patrick Dopson delivers the message of this song soulfully.
I'm a Hip Hop dancer and teacher, and it's extremely hard to find Turfin' music that's godly! Most songs that people Turf to are really dark. This young brother is going to help so many in the kingdom who love the swag and style of turfin' and turf music without having to expose themselves to the craziness that's out there! Let's all pray that many more artists stand up for Christ and create a huge godly turfin' scene! God bless you young chozen! No compromise in the name of Jesus!
I heard his playtime is over mixtape, and then his extra credit mixtape, and he was definitely consistent with his theme of school. I'm from California and I know my state likes to party but I'm glad because you can tell he concentrated a little more and really handled this album better maintaining the glory we all owe God. Can't wait for the next project and HOPEFULLY, More SCRIPTURE will be put in the raps
Lexi has a beautiful voice.  This song to me is compelling and soulful. I look forward to hearing more from this talented singer.
Took a while to get it done but it IS worth it! Hope to record more soon! Especially like"MidNight Cry" and "I can't even walk"
I love this song.  Its very uplifting while working out at the gym or just walking outside.  I listen to it constantly.
Purchased this song my mistake.  This is best mistake I've ever made.  :-)  I eventually purchased the entire cd.  Very pleased.
All I can say is Wow ('0' )!!! What a blessing is this song. Not only is the chords amazingly arranged, equally amazingly arranged and blended are the voices of the gifted individuals that participated in this project.TRUE LIFE & FAVOR to you allGod Bless -Success Shazam ('~' )
This is a great cd. I heard about it from a friend, and I previewed it before I brought it. If you love gospel music, you will enjoy. I recommend this cd to gospel music lovers.
This album is better than their previous one, Unshakable, but not as good as &#34;Bethany Live Presents Deluge.&#34; The drummer on here is really fabulous so I really enjoy listening to it for that reason.
This guy is new to me, but the word &#34;acoustic&#34; caught my eye. Great sound, nice mellow acoustic music. I'm glad I purchased it.
I purchased the MP3 download to put on our Apple Ipod which generally has beautiful sound which separates the musicially components well.  The only complaint I have about this download is that the music does not seem to have as clear a distinction as many others that I have downloaded.  Is this the fault of the download or the music recording, I really cannot tell since I did not by the CD.  However, I have followed Little Roy's career for many years since his over 50 years with the Sullivan Family.  Little Roy has know Lizzy since she was a little girl and has now teamed up with her since the Sullivan family has all but retired.  The music is bluegrass at its best.  It has a progressive flavor at times but is mostly traditional.  Lizzy's voice blends wonderful with Roy's.  Lizzy also has many songs on this download that she wrote. All are wonderful and there is not a song that is not enjoyable.  Although the title indicates it is all sacred, while there are a lot of sacred songs, there are others as well.  Any fan of the Sullivan family will be a great fan of Little Roy and Lizzy.  Well worth the money!Someone pointed out the errors of my ways.  It is the Lewis Family and not the Sullivan's.  My bad!  But the music is still great and worth the money!
Love the music! Inspirational and uplifting to the spirit with a good rhythm to groove to. Looking forward to more from these guys!
A great first offering, energetic, spirited as well as soulful. I wished it was more accessible. I like it most for working and meditation time.
This album is the creative fruit of a unique Bay Area collaboration between San Francisco Choral Artists (Magen Solomon, Artistic Director) and The Alexander String Quartet. My own recent experience with a like-sized chamber choir (24 voices) and string quartet acquainted me with the expressive possibilities of this intimate ensemble. Especially in the resonance of a church (in this album's case, St. Stephen's Episcopal Church in Belvedere, CA), the strings are not overwhelmed by the choir, but rather find their own space to complement the sometimes dense vocal texture.The first sound we hear on this album is the wizened voice of Beat poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti reciting from his "Challenges to Young Poets":Birds-song is not made by machine.Give your poem wings to fly to the treetops.Inspired by a sculpture of the same name in front of the poet's City Lights Bookstore, composer Veronika Krausas' language of the birds sets passages from five of Ferlinghetti's San Francisco Poems. Three (1, 3, 5) are jouncy bird-themed exercises in which the strings saw away quick successions of detached notes to create a frenetic energy on which the choir feeds, turning these simple haiku-like phrases into insistent declamations with plenty of dramatic irony. These pieces are separated by two more relaxed, atmospheric musical statements recalling the spare, severe language of Ligeti. No. 4 describes the light and fog of San Francisco, and Krausas sets the vision of night giving way to dawn to a gently shifting blanket of minor chords, sometimes superimposed to create interesting clusters, but ultimately expressing the inscrutability of timeless processes.SFCA perform a cappella on Hollow Stone, Stephen Leek's setting of text from Australian poet Randolph Stow's "Sleep." The composer has aptly translated a blighted, burned landscape into harrowing vocal textures. Sustained harmonic clusters evoke a flat, desolate expanse, and for much of the piece we get no sense of metrical organization, just stasis, but we also are given a glimpse at the dignity of people whose lives depend on an unforgiving landscape:my lands mirror the moon in desolation.But the moon has come. And the tribeslike smoke, seep campward.Sleep: who are silence;Make me a hollow stoneBrahms' Four Quartets, Op. 92, originally for vocal quartet and piano, are here performed with the piano part transcribed for string quartet by Zakarias Grafilo, first violin of the Alexander String Quartet. SFCA's rich vocal blend is as effective with these Romantic settings as with the freer modern works. "O Sch&ouml;ne Nacht" is a warm paean to the mystical elements of night: "the enchanted moon," "little stars in a devoted circle of friends," even the nightingale is given a characteristic leaping sing-song melody (translation from German by Magen Solomon). "Sp&auml;therbst" (Late Autumn), on the other hand, is a haunting observation of the winding down of life in a fog-blanketed landscape. The soprano voice pierces the staid limits of the first few lines to effect a true lament.Beethoven composed the Elegiac Song, Op. 118, to commemorate the wife of his landlord Johann Baptist von Pasqualati on the anniversary of his passing. The halting delivery of these tender words by an anonymous poet recalls some of Mozart's heartbreaking arias, while also looking forward to Beethoven's later style in which musical ideas are allowed to develop freely, without the constraint of standard Classical forms and phrasing. "Gently, as you lived, / so has your life concluded," is set to a heartfelt harmonic progression and cadences that console where words alone must fail.For Winter Light, composer Michael Gandolfi set two poems by the Imagist poet Amy Lowell that crystallize the individual's tortured experience with, respectively, nature and passion. "Falling Snow" begins with the strings playing a hurried falling figure in a minor, sounding like the beginning of a string quartet, so complete is the idea. When the voices gently declaim, "The snow whispers around me / And my wooden clogs / Leave holes behind me in the snow," we realize what the strings have been alluding to musically. "Opal" opens with excited violins in A major over an energetic pizzicato cello, and the voices soon deliver the paradox of Lowell's relationship with actress Ada Dwyer Russell: "You are ice and fire, / The touch of you burns my hands like snow." Once again, we hear the choir handling very dense harmonies with a startling clarity, providing dramatic heft while the strings convey the lightness and forward rush of fleeting thoughts.As a student of Nadia Boulanger, Paul Chihara was exposed to the great early modern French composers, and although many of his recent compositions bear the names of pieces by Debussy, his Clair de Lune is inspired principally by the Verlaine poem:We're dancing in the dark so sadly,Dreaming visions of love in the moonlight.We are passionate dancers dancingSinging intimate songs of love.Various chord inversions hand suspended without resolution, like a weightless ballerina en pointe. Much of the piece features the pulse of a gentle waltz, with the choir eliding words to create a smooth tapestry adorning this dreamscape where sadness and ecstasy can coexist without confusion.Anchored by fresh interpretations of Brahms and Beethoven, the imaginative new works commissioned for the Alexander String Quartet and SFCA cohere uncannily, as the composers no doubt took advantage of the ensembles' polished ability to stretch time and evoke an endless range of emotional and picturesque subjects.-Rob Wendt is a pianist / composer / music educator living in Astoria, NY. You can follow him on twitter: @RobWendtOriginally published on ICareIfYouListen.com
I had Calvary Chapel Pastor's excellent album, Winning the West, on cassette years ago, so being the following album, I bought his followup after recently finding his newest (1992) in a Goodwill. Not as great as Winning the West, but excellent, bluegrass/country sounds and clever, inspiring words pointing to faith in Christ.
it was pretty good for a group i had never heard of
I really enjoyed this remix. Great voices too. Adds some jive to the traditional music, and they have fun singing it too.
It's always great hearing music from these guys! The live setting is great though to hear all the voices coming and rising together as one. Really just makes you want to pull the shades shut and just listen.
I listened to one one song and decided to by the entire CD.  I am loving it.  Once again Georgia Mass Choir has outdone themselves.
We went back to the &#34;Old Landmark&#34; with these songs! Folks couldn't help but to give praise and be uplifted.
Lots of strong choir voices on this cd. I would recommend this cd if you want to hear some good old fashion gospel music.
Received shipment quickly very satisfied with the quality of this CD.I listen to this CD for the very first time when I purchased and it is uplifting.I would recommend to family & friends.
Prime Cuts:  You're Talking to Somebody Who Already Knows, Good Things Happen When People Pray, Take Me Back to that PlaceMark Bishop has reasons to rejoice.  First, in a genre revolving around quartets and groups, Bishop is one of the few solo artists singing Southern gospel music.  Second, while it is quite customary for Southern gospel acts to re-cycle classics especially old hymns and Gaither numbers, Bishop writes his own music.  In fact, his mettle as a songwriter extends beyond his own catalogue.  Over the years, this former member of the Bishops has had written songs for the Kingsmen, Legacy Five, Brian Free and Assurance and Allison Durham Speer.  Further, many of his songs have been performed on TV programs such as "In Touch with Charles Stanley," "The Word Today with John Hagee," "the Grand Ole Opry" and "the Bill Gaither Homecoming" series.  Third, in the fickle music business where artists come and go, Bishop not only has a large following of loyal fans, his fecundity is demonstrated through the release of consistently great albums almost annually.  "I Can Rejoice" is Mark Bishop's 11th solo album since his family group the Bishops retired.  Again Bishop has a hand in writing all 10 cuts here.  However, unlike his previous albums (such as 2011's "I Still Need Him" and 2008's "Fields of Love") which deal with sufferings and trials, this new disc has a sparkling saccharine feel to it.  Such felicity though is by no means frivolous but it is deeply grounded in the joyous themes of Scripture namely God's penchant to answer prayers, the joy the resurrection of Christ brings, the comforting providence of our Father and so forth.  Fans who love Bishop's story songs in the past (such as "His Name is Jesus," "Bring Lazarus Back," "Job's Wife," and "The Nail Nobody Saw") will have much to feast on here again.  As a writer, Bishop has also demonstrated growth:  no longer just restrained by the Gospel/country format, he has on occasions on this album he has even experimented a little bit with pop and even some jazzier overtones.Indeed joy is exuded right from the first note of album opener "Take Me Back to the Place."  Popping right out of the water like an over excited flying fish "Take Me Back to the Place" is an instant attention grabber.  Bishop's robust singing, the song's super melodic structures, and the groovy backing all are winsome elements of being a fan favorite and a radio darling.  Such exuberant joy is probed under the microscope in the title cut "I Can Rejoice."  Here Bishop rightly asserts that the case of our joy is not so much rooted in the absence of pain but in the presence of Jesus.  Our faith gets a glowing affirmation when we hear Bishop sing: "When the skies begin to rain, I won't complain, I have a choice/For I have Jesus in my heart, I can rejoice!"  Going into greater perspicuity is the Caribbean-influenced "Good Things Happen When People Pray" where Bishop brings to mind a specific example of 9/11 and how God still works despite human evilness.  Then he goes really personal with "You Are Talking to Somebody Who Already Knows."  Delivered as a first person testimony over an enormously rhythmic cut, Bishop assures us that though he has had his share of setbacks he knows that this joy that Jesus gives is real.While story songs are very much a mainstay with Southern gospel music, many of them can be pretty puerile regurgitations of Bible stories. However, Bishop writes with wistfulness and imagination.  "An Old Stone that the Lord Rolled Away" tells of a dream Bishop had where he imagined himself walking towards the celestial city of heaven.  Taking the cue from Revelation 21:4 that there will no longer be any crying or pain in heaven, Bishop noticed that just outside the city gates of heaven he saw all our earthly impediments castaway: "There laid the chains where Paul was imprisoned/there fell the tears from the eyes of the blind/There were the crutches from the man who left walking."  Not only have there been very few songs about our eternal home, but it has been a long time we hear of something so vivid and meaningful about heaven.  "Heaven Knows," on the other hand, tells of a meeting of churches whereby leaders in the midst of shamelessly glorifying themselves were shamed by a country pastor who reminded them that ministry is not about numbers and buildings but about saving souls - even if it's just an individual.  While "They Can't Receive Their Rewards" strings together pearls of stories of faithfulness to God despite not seeing any immediate rewards.Without trying to be constrained, Bishop has taken the liberty to experiment with "Oh My."  With a pretty dated 80s pop style and some irritating saxophone lines, "Oh My" fails quite miserably.  But other than this minor misstep, "I Can Rejoice" is a solid effort.  Joy, for Bishop, is not just a passing emotion.  Rather, joy as these songs convey is the outcome of our faith in the loving providence of God through Jesus Christ.  And these 10 songs are the incarnations of such a teaching giving us stories, testimonies and examples of how this joy works itself out in our experiences.  And this by itself is a cause to rejoice.
i used hear this songs sung by my Grandmother, then my mom and for few years myself...in the same old fashion.....but here comes Thrahimam........music infused into these very songs and making them more meaningful and now even my kids love these songs too.....i heard the team is coming up with more songs like these....and i am just waiting to download the new ones....as soon they are available......kudos to the entire team of Thrahimam.........
The voice she has , especially in Spanish , is so sweet and melodic.She will go far with jet voice.
Prime Cuts:  Impossible Possible, According to His Word, Call on the Name of the LordEver wondered what a companion soundtrack to John Bunyan's classic "The Pilgrim's Progress" might sound like?  What would Christian's travelogue have sounded like as he heads for the narrow road from the City of Destruction to the Celestial City?  How would Christian's struggles with Mr. Worldly Wiseman or Mr. Legality be like if they were set to music?  On his new album The Narrow Road, Jared Anderson has put some of these themes into music captured by these 13 tracks here.  The Narrow Road is an apt album title that surmises our pilgrimage with God -whether it's our struggles, our desire to meet God, our slothfulness in reaching out, and how God reveals himself through our journey.  And on the whole, thisth album is not only enjoyable but it is also a practical.  These songs are like encouraging voices offering us valuable mentorship in our  walk coming from a seasoned Scripture-soaked fellow traveller who has had experience his share of detours and dangers along the way.  But when someone records a concept album like that-there are also pitfalls.  And certainly Anderson has on occasions fallen into these manholes.  Since many of the songs deal with travelling it's difficult to avoid being repetitive.  Even a couple of the songs' similar titles (such as "The King is Coming" and 'When the King Comes") cements the point.For those acquainted with the current worship music scene, Anderson is by no means a rookie.  A former member of Desperation Band and currently the worship leader at New Life Church in Colorado Springs, Anderson and New Life Worship are known for many of his songs such as "Rescue," "Dry Bones," "My Savior Lives" and "Great I Am."  However, as far as solo projects, this is only Anderson's third effort following on the heels of 2008's "Where Faith Comes From." Sonically, Anderson has continued on the same trajectory of worship songs with a pop sensibility not dissimilar to say Chris Tomlin or Newsong or Jeremy Camp.  But what bounds these 13 cuts together is the aforementioned theme of Christian pilgrimage.  Most helpful are the songs that deal with the trials and difficulties in walking with Jesus.  Other than the gorgeous sing-a-long hook "Jesus makes the impossible possible/Jesus makes the incapable more than capable," lead single "The Impossible Possible" is a powerful reminder that Jesus should be our ever present help.  More encouraging moments come with the piano-ballad "According to the Word."  Listening to how Anderson's voice quiver with a helpless abandon to Jesus certainly sends a heartwarming echo to those of us struggling in our walk with Jesus.  And whose heart would not leap with hope with the retro hymn like "Call on the Name of the Lord."But what Anderson also wisely reminds is that when we walk with the Lord, often we take one step while God takes three to meet us.  Thus, there are a few tracks here that deal with how God makes his way to us in our darkness.  Heaven would have nodded in smiling agreement with the somehow ethereal sounding "Behold Your God" where Anderson challenges to us to look to the same "burning fire" which appeared to Moses in his wilderness.  Anderson reprises New Life Worship's "Great I Am" -- an appropriate follow-up that calls in a litany of acts God had done in redemptive history.  In a ballad heavy album, it's great to have the simple yet no less powerful call to worship, the Matt Redman-styled trundling charger "Bless the Lord."A word needs to be said about "35 Lines."  The title itself makes this paean a standout.  While many worship albums tend to be very introspective where it is all about us and God, Anderson through "35 Lines" reminds us that worship includes reaching the unreached in the 35 lines across the globe.  Despite this being a satisfying God focused album, but again some of the songs are quite repetitive. "Go Ye," for instance, replicates the message of "35 Lines" without that refreshing angle of the former.  Maybe this disc may not have been as earth shattering as Bunyan's classic, but The Narrow Road is a well worth the path of travel-one marked with many sonic signposts of encouragements and worship.
Prime Cuts: Hosanna, What I Could Have Been, Pourin' It OnWasn&#8217;t it Francis Schaeffer who once said the greatest atrocity a church could ever commit is to assume the Gospel?  Once when we start to assume that everybody knows about the atoning work of Christ we will stop talking about it. Very soon after we will be only one step remove from denying it.  The Williamsons not only never assumes the Gospel but it is at the cynosure of their latest album &#8220;Saved.&#8221;  Like a multi-faceted beauty of a sparkling diamond, each of these 10 cuts sparkle effervescently illuminating different aspects of Christ&#8217;s redeeming work on the Cross.  Originally known as the Homesteaders Quartet, they have been releasing Southern Gospel music since 1998.  The Williamsons comprises of husband and wife Donnie and Lisa Williamson, tenor David Folenius, and bass Darin Hebert.  Since Lisa Williamson is known as a tour de force writer who has had written classics for the Hinsons, the New Plainsmen and the Carolina Boys, she gets to write four of the ten cuts here.  With the exception of &#8220;I&#8217;m Saved,&#8221; the rest of them are covers, many of them are classics from the Paynes, the Happy Goodman Family, the Hinsons, Tanya Goodman Skyes and others.Frankly, the best songs are the ones penned by Lisa Williamson.  Kicking off with a bang is &#8220;Blood Stained Banner.&#8221;  This song about Christ&#8217;s victory over Satan via his sacrifice displays all the strengths of this quartet, from its shuffling swinging country blues melody to the tickling piano and the blazing harmonica and the singing fiddles.  What really sets Lisa Williamson&#8217;s song writing mettle apart is her boldness to take significant left turns.  Breaking out of the traditional four-part harmony, the most progressive song here is &#8220;What I Could Have Been.&#8221;  This gorgeous ballad which rejoices in how Christ saves us from sin&#8217;s destructive effects features some delightful percussion loops.  Lovers of traditional country would be swooned by &#8220;Pourin&#8217; It On.&#8221;  This is a nice country waltz accompanied by some glorious harmony work.  &#8220;Hosanna&#8221; again finds Lisa Williamson taking yet another uncharted excursion into the epic anthemic terrain.  Sounding more like a choral cantata, the story of Jesus&#8217; Via Dolorosa really comes alive here with the song&#8217;s engaging narrative plot line.Written by Randy Mobley, &#8220;I&#8217;m Saved&#8221; is a spirited praise number with lyrics deeply rooted in the Cross-work of Jesus Christ.  While traditionalist would adore Rusty Goodman&#8217;s &#8220;Look for Me&#8221;  &#8211; one of the few songs about heaven and eternal security &#8212; made even more celestial with its soaring string arrangements. The Williamsons go into Carman territory with the story song &#8220;The Conversation.&#8221;  &#8220;The Conversation&#8221; is one slow teased out bluesy song that unveils the redemption story as Christ&#8217;s victory over Satan.  It features how the various quartet members would sing the various parts of this story-song before coming together for a crescendo ending culminating in Christ&#8217;s victory which is nothing short of brilliant. However, not everything works:  the Williamsons just don&#8217;t bring anything much to add to classics such as &#8220;The Lights of Home&#8221; and &#8220;The Upward Way.&#8221;&#8220;Saved&#8221; is a thematically coherent album that brilliantly explores the Gospel of Jesus Christ through various prismatic but keening angles.  As a whole, this record really tells the old story of Jesus and his love well with the highlight being the Lisa Williamson&#8217;s work.  The Gospel needs to be articulated, sung about, live out and most of all enjoyed.  And there&#8217;s lots of all the above here in the Williamsons&#8217; &#8220;Saved.&#8221;
I breathe of fresh air with some great thought provoking topics. This album was easily overlooked but it is a must have.
Awesome CD. Truth is definitely revealed. Lyrics make you think. They challenge you. When I first heard it, I loved it.
Refreshing, different, powerful deep thoughts expressed, Not the same old - same old that others are putting out now a days! He's not hollering Go-Go-Go a million times in the back ground and trying to sound as Gangsta' as the world....I've been waiting for somebody to switch it up. Much props to Propaganda!
I love the song All the poor and Powerless (Shout it) by All sons and daughters so I bought this just to see if I liked more of their music and for something different to listen too... I love it. Not disappointed at all.
Richard sings out (and beyond) on these 1959 recordings, produced by George Goldner (the guy who produced frankie Lyman, etc., etc.).Standouts: CERTAINLY, LORD (the first A-side of these sessions but pressed as SAVE ME, LORD); GOD IS REAL; I'VE JUST COME FROM THE FOUNTAIN.Above I wrote "sings out", meaning that on many of his better known 1961 Gospel tracks produced by Quincy Jones, he uses a near-falsetto, more "controlled" approach.For the collector-historian, these apear to be the original undubbed versions. Beware of many poorly overdubbed pressings.
Brenton Brown is a prolific song writer but I'm used to hearing his songs being performed by someone else. This is the first time I bought a CD of him performing his own songs. For all he's written, I'm surprised that this was his first live solo album. Great stuff!There are only 6 new songs and the rest are remakes of some of his popular songs. Notably missing are "All Who Are Thirsty" and "Your Love Is Amazing." He includes a short chorus of "How He Loves" which is my all time favorite of that very tired and worn song. He turns it into an upbeat song, in 4/4 timing, which gives new life to it. I would love to have a full version of it instead of just the chorus!Check out The Band Justus and the JJ Weeks Band while you're checking out new music.
Brenton Brown, one of the most gifted of worship leaders and writers at work today returned October 2, 2012 with a new album full of standout songs, God My Rock. From the writer of "Adoration" and "Everlasting God" comes a stunning brand new album that will strengthen and inspire the church the world over. God My Rock features the great new title track "God My Rock," co-written with Paul Baloche. God My Rock features six brand new songs including "Word Of God," "Send Us Out," "Wonderful Redeemer" and "Jesus My Victory (Communion Song)" and new versions of many of Brenton's worship classics.I have loved the hymns "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" based on Beethoven's 9th symphony, and "Great Is Thy Faithfulness" since I was a young child. As we ready our hearts to celebrate the birth of our King Jesus, Brenton Brown's great new recordings and re-writes of these hymns of the faith can be found in these energetic live recordings of "Joyful" and "God My Rock."Brown's great new recording of this hymn of the faith "Joyful" is a wonderful way to lift up your voice in praise and adoration of our Savior. He came to earth to teach us how to be more like Him and to die for our sins to save us. Share the love of Jesus with your unsaved friends and family members and tell them the reason for the "hope and joy" in your heart, Jesus! The album features the great worship anthem co-written with Paul Baloche, "Glorious," which also appeared on Baloche's last album. Brown and Baloche have been a prolific songwriting team having also co-written the church standards, "Because Of Your Love," "Hosanna (Praise Is Rising)," and "Our God Saves."CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)Don't miss any of these great songs for the Church. Brenton Brown's best overall work is this excellent new album God My Rock. Brenton's strength is the strong biblical truth of his songs, and he prays and calls upon our King Jesus in every single song. There is absolutely no doubt Who these songs are about. Brenton enthusiastically sings Brit-rock style praise and worship, and the highlights for me are the excellent live recordings of "Joyful," "God My Rock," "Hosanna (Praise Is Rising)," "Glorious," "Humble King" and the closing medley of "Everlasting God" and "How He Loves."
Prime Cuts:  Like the Angels, Everlasting God/How He Loves Us, God My RockOn the altar of relevancy and youthfulness, many worship songs are sacrificed for their spiritual depth and their God-centeredness.  Not so with Brenton Brown.  Though this live disc was recorded in the worshipful presence of 4,000 energized high school age students at a Dare2Share event, Brown makes no concession to be hip at the expense of Godliness.  These 14 cuts are vertically directed songs reverently focused on the worship of the Almighty God (with the exception of "I Saw the Light").  And unlikely many of his lesser peers, Brown has not relied on any technical bells and whistles to gain traction with his younger crowd.  Rather, with Worship Republic providing the backing, the sound here is decidedly pop/rock with some touches of Americana country harkening back to the melodious soundscape of the 90s.  As for the songs, Brown has chosen to include some of his biggest worship favorites from his past records, songs he has had written for others, and 6 newly penned songs.  Though the audience participation is kept to a minimum, you can still hear the enthusiasm of his youthful audience.  This comes as no surprise as the songs of Brown have frequently made it to the power points of churches all over the globe including "Hosanna (Praise is Rising),"  "Everlasting God" and "Hallelujah (Your Love is Amazing)."Paul Baloche, a worship/songwriter juggernaut in his own right, has co-written three cuts here with Brown.  By far they are the album's highlights.  "Glorious," a track taken from Brown's 2011 "Our God is Mercy," was also a hit for co-writer Paul Baloche.  Brown's version is taken at a pace faster and rockier but still impressed with its ballast and weight. Most familiar among the trio of Baloche cuts is "Hosanna (Praise is Rising)."  Often overshadowed by Hillsong's song of the same title, Brown's own "Hosanna" is just as arresting and here the live version certainly is a crowd favorite.  "God My Rock" is the third and newly written worship anthem with Baloche.  With such affirming lines like "You will stand when others fall/you are faithful through it all/God My Rock" this is faith building stuff at its spiritual best.Despite worshipping with mostly youths, Brown doesn't shy away from the hymns.  Just like what Hillsong have recently done, Brown has also tagged on newly written choruses and verses to old familiar hymns.  With an added chorus written with Jason Ingram, "Joyful' is a revamp version of "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee;" while "Jesus Take All of Me" utilizes the old Billy Graham favorite "Just as I Am" as its template.  Brown again proves that these hymns are ageless when he dresses them with sinewy guitar determinations and bombastic drum palpitations. As far as medleys go, it is a delight to hear how Brown's most popular song "Everlasting God" is tagged on with a sped up version of John Mark McMillan's "How He Loves."  Though one would wish the 30 seconds tag was longer.As for the slower ballads, do not miss "Like the Angels."  This is Brown at his poetic best:  here he describes the way Jesus loves us with richly ornamented metaphors: "You make me soar like the angels. You let me walk on the water/You let me run with white horses/Jesus my strength when all is gone." However, the odd ball on the album is Hank Williams' "I Saw the Light."  The problem is not that "I Saw the Light" is a Southern Gospel favorite but it is just out of place.  In an album directed to God in worship, it sticks like a soared thumb to have a testimonial song that sounds so dated.  Nevertheless, the album title "God My Rock" says it all:  this is a reverently vertical album that has tremendous blessings to all hungry souls coming to worship.  This is because faith is rebuilt, fears are removed, and sin is destroyed when our God is exalted.
Since attending CFNI many years ago, I've always been impressed with their ability to constantly be on the front-side of the worship music industry. These songs are modern and relevant to many congregations. It's a well-done live album with a ton of energy, and on-point musicians.My only complaint is that it IS a little commercial. When I've been part of the worship at CFNI, it's the spirit that really makes the difference. I'd love to see a little more space and intimacy in this album. But it is a great example of modern worship. And a great school too!
Owners of the Texas Rangers, Bob and Janice Simpson unleash their latest venture RayLynn Records, a new Christian music label for emerging performers. On October 9, 2012, the label will unveil its first project Hear Me, from flagship artist Kyle Sherman. Music listeners have been introduced to Sherman through his new radio single, "Come to Me," which is continuing to impact AC Radio stations across the country. Additionally, the debut album features captivating anthems including "The Greatest Tear" and "All Things New (Hallelujah)." Sherman draws inspiration from heavy-hitters like David Crowder Band, Needtobreathe, and Eric Clapton while still taking on a style that is uniquely his own.Lead single "Come To Me" connects to the biblical Truth found in Matthew 11:28: "Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." God loves you so much. Lean on Him and He'll give you strength. If you are a follower of Jesus, you can know for certain that God is singing these words over you: "Come to Me, Come to Me, Leave your troubles at the cross..."  Amen! Many of us feel that we're not worthy of being near God and that He's using a checklist to determine our worthiness. That's not the Gospel.  The Good News of the Gospel which this song perfectly portrays it is that God accepts us no matter what we've done.  As the song says, "No matter where you've been, Or what you've done, There is forgiveness if you'll only come." What a wonderful, encouraging truth.The other standout songs are "Hear Me," "All Things New (Hallelujah)," "Heaven" and the Easter-themed "The Greatest Tear." They all include more strong statements of faith. Within a culture where it's easier to keep songs focused on the good and the joyful, Kyle discovered that recording his most honest songs - the Psalm-like "Hear Me," for instance - was somewhat nerve-racking, but necessary. "It's scary and vulnerable to say `I don't understand You, God' or `My life is messed up and nothing seems to be changing' when expressing how we really feel about living out our faith. But it's been proven over and over that the most relatable music is the most emotionally transparent. It's been great to experience peoples' walls breaking down through these songs." The lyrics of "Heaven" come right from the best-selling book "Heaven Is For Real" by Todd Burpo. The messages of the songs really draw me in as Kyle proclaims in "Hear Me" that it's okay to be honest with God. God wants us to be honest with Him and speak with our hearts to receive His daily mercies and grace. I like how these songs invite listeners into those Psalm-like questions and allow listeners to settle in for a worshipful journey, allowing the truth of the songs to soak in. I can really hear that Kyle is personally connected to the lyrics and he is consistently emoting the feelings and messages behind these songs with his warm singing style.CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)All of these songs are unashamed of the Gospel and Kyle is the type of artist you'll want to tell others about. The album could come with one of those "satisfaction guaranteed" recommendations as the themes appeal to anyone and musically their sound is extremely radio friendly, especially the standout songs, "Hear Me," "Come To Me," "All Things New (Hallelujah)," "Heaven" and "The Greatest Tear." After repeated listens, the songs get deeper into the recesses of your heart with the challenging messages. This is one of the most worshipful, challenging and introspective albums I've heard this year. Whether as an album to set the mood for reflection and worship or for personal times of devotion, I rate Hear Me by Kyle Sherman highly for fans of truth telling folk style singer-songwriters like Andrew Peterson, Bebo Norman and Jason Gray.
I really enjoy the new CD! Especially track 10. Moving stuff! Blesses me every time! I listen to it in my office and it helps me focus on my work.
A nice set of songs, refreshing and inspiring.  I'd recommend it for just about anyone who likes a good song.
Thansk for the throwback WoW, BUT I compare this cd to the Wow Hits: The 90's playlist, and that has like 20+ songs. I recommend adding other 90's songs like "My Soul Doth Magnify the Lord" By O'landa Draper & The Associates, "I am God" By Donald Lawrence and Tri City, "Stand" by Donnie Mcclurkin and "Stomp" by Kirk Franklin. But overall, good CD for old schoolers like me!
Chelsea Musick is a Country-Christian Artist and Speaker.  She believes and promotes, within her music and image, a positive message and sound. At just 19 years old Chelsea has a mission for this album. She would like to be able to go into churches, youth groups, schools, festival, fairs and other events to spread a positive message. Her album Perfectly You includes 10 original songs. Chelsea wrote or co-wrote every song on the album. "I want to discuss and dig deep with the youth about today's challenges. I want to be a mentor, a friend, and someone who the youth can really connect with about issues of today. I wrote my new album with a purpose to talk about purity, anti-bullying, faith, going for dreams and many more topics," states Chelsea.  Chelsea has a pure and strong voice that immediately reminded me of mainstream singers Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift.There are several great themes that are faced by teenage girls specifically that the album addresses in a mature and faith-based way. Probably the most memorable moments on the album for me are the songs about being made in God's image and not seeking society's approval but knowing that God created and loves us all as we are. That critical message is heard loud and clear in the opening songs "Perfectly You" and "Live It Right," two of the most upbeat songs on the album. It's a life-lesson Chelsea hopes will resonate with teens in similar situations.  For example, the opening song "Perfectly You" deals with Chelsea's personal experience of how God used a huge trial in her own life to show her just how beautiful she really is to Him. Chelsea delivers that message of affirmation perfectly in her bridge where she proclaims--"You are more than a heartbeat / your beauty is unique and you have all you've been searching for / you are His masterpiece." Amen. It's also very relatable to listeners, especially for those who struggle with control issues and perfectionism. We are called as Christians to believe in the freedom that we have in the Cross of Jesus. We are free from our fears, addictions, insecurities and perfectionism. Jesus came to die for us so that we can all truly live in Him.Another standout song is "When You Do This To Me" which is an anti-bullying song. It's a life-lesson Chelsea hopes will resonate with women in similar situations. That message is so important and I'm so glad she addresses it with her song. "Hard To Believe" is a standout ballad about getting to know the heart of a person in a dating relationship and not giving away your purity. Some other songs about identity and relationships are found in the upbeat songs "Give It Up," "I'm Yours" and "Keep Your Pants On," the latter song being based on wonderful purity advice from her mother. That song and many others resemble the latest pop country style albums by Underwood and Swift, which is a good thing. Unlike those artists however, what's so relatable is how Chelsea's "relationship" songs are relevant for everyone. If you know Jesus, then you especially know the ultimate answer to the quest for love can only be found in Him which is Chelsea's conclusion in every song.CLOSING THOUGHTS (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)This is an important album that will truly minister to girls struggling with self-image. The message is to know that you don't have to be perfect; God made you the way you are for a reason. You are beautiful, you have something to say and you are worth it. Chelsea clearly loves our Lord and Savior Jesus with all of her heart and wants to celebrate that fact with every song. I have three young daughters and this is a nice upbeat pop country album with positive biblical messages which is a great alternative to Taylor Swift. Chelsea brings her walk with Jesus into her songwriting and this is the best album of this genre I've heard since Bethany Dillon's debut album, which puts her in great company in my opinion.
Well sang. Cinque has a great voice. The songs were kind of 'Pop' which may appeal to the crossover/radio demographic. I was expecting something more RAW. My favorites are the 1st 2 songs Lord I love you and I bless the lord at all times.
Cinque is a very talented and inspiring artist and this project is worth buying, a great addition to any gospel library.
uplifting and serve as a reminder to one faith in God. Easy to  listen to  and feel the strength of the words
Good song good harmony. Limitless is a good album from a known YouTube artist. Great start to a promising career.
I SAW THIS GUY SING A PIECE ON BET'S GOSPEL CONTEST SHOW. I COULD NOT FIND THE CURRENT SONG HE SUNG ON AMAZON AND HIS LATEST CD IS THIS ONE FROM END 2012. HE HAS A GREAT VOICE AND MOST ONF THE SONGS SOUND LIKE R&B SLOW SONGS, WHICH I LIKE. I LIKED ONLY ABOUT 3 SONGS ON THIS CD. I THINK THE HIP/HOP TRACK GOSPEL SONG WITH TIMBALAND IS DIFFERENT BUT NOT THAT INTERESTING.
It wasn't what I expected, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. It didn't seem like songs, more like personal worship experience.
A great album just to sit and meditate on the Lord would recommend to all that are looking for soft soaking music.
My good friend Patricia has recorded a wonderful, inspiring and inspirational album.  Every song is something we can relate to and draw from.  Thanks dear heavenly Father for using this wonderful voice...God is indeed a wonderful God!
This is a fast up beat song that you can play in your car and bob your head to. Arnetta has an awesome voice and I'm glad to have purchased this track. She use to sing with Donald Lawrence and now I love that she is on her own and making music. I reccommend that everyone listen to this song. Great lyrics with an awesome beat!
Great recording.  I appreciate the versatility some songs have a contemporary favor, and then for older saints like me a traditional &#34;churchy&#34; sound (that's often missing in church today).  I really appreciated the &#34;Devotional Songs&#34;, whatever happened to the morning hymn? Great job Bates!  Keep on telling the story
San Franklin, Timothy Rogers of Tim Rogers & the Fellas, and Zacardi Cortez....great additions to this church choir cd.  San Franklin really works her soulful chomps out on All My Help.  I must admit she was the reason I even listened to this cd.  She is the vocalist from Walter Hawkins' Love Alive V spectacular song, The Nick of Time.  Tim Rogers, the quartet master and great vocalist gives us that southern sound on He's Done So Much.  Zacardi pulls out his standard balladeer sound on My Everything.  Try this cd, you will like it.  The production was very well put together.
Straight out, don't sleep or hate on these cats out of the Chi.Here's what this album delivers:  Introspection and commentary of a Society infected and impacted by the Sin Virus.The Album in entirety and listened to in sequence is a complete meal but if you had to download a track or two I suggest the following: Supreme, Kill the Elephants, Caesar, Babble, Invisible Man, Dragon Braggin' and Jaime an ode to Esto's Pops.This Album is rhymes and beats, beats and rhymes.  There is some "old school" flavor present on a track or two but overall the vibe is Hip-Hop to the core.WARNING:There is one song titled "Damn."  Like Sho Baraka's "Jim Crow" (from Talented 10th) this is not "little kid" friendly, but like "Jim Crow" there is a powerful message being spoken here.  Put it like this, there's no such thing as a half-truth.Pick this album up whether you're from the Chi or not, it's worth it.
This group has such a unique mix of instrumentation and harmony it makes this album a joy to your listening ears.  The whole album focuses on the harmony of the voices and the instruments stay in the background to compliment and transition the album.  This is a welcome change from the majority of the albums being instrumentation driven with a few vocals added in to make songs you often hear these days.  Just the basics, sometimes that can be good.
I was thrown off initially by the first track: Kumbaya. Thought maybe it was just the name... nope. It IS actually Kumbaya. Despite the &#34;cliche-ness&#34; of that first song, however, the album really is great. I'd recommend it to someone who's looking for a good taste of some fresh worship.
I Really enjoyed the whole album!  Their unique soundwith folk interludes and harmonies are are fun and upbeat! Recommend this album for your collection.
Loved the album, great music, awesome feeling when listening to the heart of the songs!  The video was a nice bonus as well!
Great songs and the experience downloading music or ordering was easy. I enjoy receiving the  information contained in the emails. I actually ordered tickets to an event . Nice.
As the song says, &#34;We all Need a Little Cleaning Sometime.&#34; This song ministers to the heart of man.  It lets you know that God is stilll in the forgiving business.
real talent and surly everyone can relate.  I play this as well as other songs almost daily.  Keep it up.
I like this song.When I first heard it, I thought it was by R Kelly.  I googled it and learned otherwise.When I read some of the internet press about the song as well as the Amazon reviews, I decided to share my opinion. Yes this song does sound like an R Kelly song - "Trapped in the Closet". I wish more people would acknowledge that R Kelly is multi-talented musically. He wrote the lyrics to "I Look to You" sung by Whitney Houston and nobody "complains" about that. It's because it doesn't "sound like" R Kelly.Contemporary gospel is designed to attract listeners accustomed to a certain sound. The gospel message is presented to them in a format to which they can relate. It' marketed as "inspirational" because those who control the music industry don't want to market "religion", "spirituality" and certainly not "Jesus Christ".It's a device of the enemy to distract.  Sometimes you have to separate the sound from the message.  The sound of this song is "secular" but the message is about acknowledging that one's life is not pleasing unto the Lord and asking for help to be pleasing in God's sight.
This CD was fantastic from start to finish!!  Rarely do I purchase a CD and enjoy every song on it.  I guess there really is a first time for everything!!
Like the song
I saw this cd and knew I had to have it .Such a wonderful compilation of wonderful praise songs to listen and usher in the present of GOD.
This is the kind of music I  like.  Christian music being sung  south out instruments.  We don't use instruments in or church.  This album has some old favorite song's  and some I don't know.
I love this CD. It is excellent. I love harmony and a Capella singing. After I have been listening a long time, I begin to drift off, but that is probably due more to my short attention span than the music. The CD has a nice variety of old and new songs. You will enjoy it and it is priced well.
When you get 40 Hymns of Praise that can be played anywhere, anytime, under any circumstances, then you have arrived!  Love Amazon Prime Music.
Enjoy the hymns.  I usually listen to contemporary Christian so it is nice to listen to the old ones again.
A gift for my usher board, family and friends. It's always good to have a variety are artists on one album.
Prime Cuts: Oh, the Thought that Jesus Loves Me, So Amazing to Me, When Love Whispers Your Name"Anthony Facello, Dustin Doyle and Kellan Monroe have survived beyond the ashes.2012 was indeed a trying year for this Southern Gospel trio.They had been through the incendiary furnace akin to what the friends of Daniel in the Bible went through.Lead singer Casey Rivers handed in his resignation letter last year. It is one thing for a band to lose a member but when its lead singer leaves the basic identifiable sound of the trio gets redefined.Furthermore, Beyond the Ashes went through a label change.Initially signed to Vine Records,"Living in the Moment" is their debut record for Wayne Haun and Ernie Haase's Stow Town Records.Nevertheless, God never allows his children to be exhumed by the flames of trials. In latter part of last year, Beyond the Ashes announced that Dustin Doyle has been added to the ensemble where he takes the lead vocals on five out of the eleven cuts here. Doyle, the son of a preacher, has a soothing tenor that blends seamlessly with his other band mates.But more importantly, there is a Godly introspective grit ingrained in Doyle's voice that when he croons a ballad you feel ministered to by the Spirit of God.In keeping with the trio's tenor, "Living in the Moment" again stretches the boundaries of Southern Gospel music.These guys do not just sing our grandfather's hymnal verbatim. Rather, imagination, creativity and ingenuity shade the album here.Who would have imagined the names Jason Mraz and Rick Nowels would appear in the song writers' credits on a Southern Gospel album?Mraz is the artist to hold the song that spent the most weeks (76) on the Billboard Hot 100 chart with his five-times platinum hit "I'm Yours."While Rick Nowels has been writing rock-pop songs since the Gothic ages for legends such as Stevie Nicks, Belinda Carlisle, Madonna and Dido.Here Beyond the Ashes has defied all expectations by recording Mraz and Nowels' "Living in the Moment."Doyle who sings lead vocals here adopts Mraz's sanguine demeanor quipped with even some wistful whistling most appropriate for this paean about the need to forget about our past and live in gratitude for the present. The boys again turn the tables around when they mustered enough courage to tackle Collingsworth Family's classic "Oh, the Thought that Jesus Loves Me." Using the children's song "Jesus Loves Me" as the song's template, "Oh, the Thought that Loves Me" is a simple yet affective song.Unlike many Southern Gospel releases which are too much stymied with slow hymn-like ballads here bouncy danceable tunes abound.Featuring some metered out percussion beats and some jazzy piano tingling, "Your Love Comes Shinning Through" has that waltz like feel that makes you want to swing your feet as Doyle sings so melodiously about the love of God.Those who cannot get enough of the Jason Mraz lightweighted jazzy pop rattle will indulge in "Where the Gold Begins" (which features baritone Kellan Monroe on lead vocals).Not all is lost where classic southern gospel music is concerned.Traditionalists who like their song majestically imbued with strings and the three-part ensemble sound will enjoy "Peace in the Mist of the Storm."However, far too old fashioned is the heaven-centered "Over for Good" which features some archaic churchy organ riffs.Yet, the album's most tender moments are with the ballads. Ernie Hasse and Joel Lindsey have crafted a gem here with "When Love Whispers Your Name."With its beautiful worded message about Jesus'presence in our times of fear, this is one of those songs that truly warms the heart. While "So Amazing to Me" has an early 90s praise and worship feel that re-orients us to focus on God rather than ourselves. "Living in the Moment" is not just a record for the moment; there are songs here that ministers so powerfully that you will find yourself coming back to this disc again and again.
Prime Cuts: The Lord is Beside Me, Just One Mountain, Born AgainYou cannot bank on Amanda Combs to come up with the most imaginative album title.  The titular "New" does not come across as a creative phrase that encapsulates the themes of the songs here.  Rather, it sounds more like a quick after thought.  But album title aside, with this new disc Combs has opened up an account that is going to reap remunerative spiritual dividends in the years to come for three reasons.  First, "New" is a progressive Christian bluegrass record that tantalizingly blends tasteful folk with some occasional notes of country graces.  Despite her tender age, Combs treads on the road less travelled by making Christian bluegrass appeal to her youthful peers.  And she does in ways so easy for the unacquainted to warm up to.  Second, Combs has an angelic voice capable of working wonders.  With a soft crystal clear sharpness she is able to get beneath our skin into our hearts when she sings of our Savior's love.  Calling to mind Alison Krauss or Kristyn Getty, Combs certainly has a voice that commands attention.  Third, though "New" contains eight self- composed songs, it also features two hymns.  With the ubiquitous nature of hymns where every singer and his or her uncle has covered them, it is hard to sing them and still impress.  But when Combs croons these sonic chestnuts of the church, you can help but be mesmerized as though they are new paeans penned just for our generation alone.When the music starts rolling, one can't help but appreciate the technical excellence of the opening cut "Born Again."  Set on turbo speed with lightning speed fiddling and the insistent chugging of the mandolin "Born Again" is a snappy bluegrass romp that has an evangelistic appeal to accept the Savior that is poignantly catchy.  Credit for such excellent backings not only resides with the pickers (which includes bluegrass greats such as Josh Williams and Aubrey Haynie) but also with producer Bil VornDick.  VornDick is a Grammy winning producer who has helmed some of the genre's landmark albums including Ralph Stanley's "Clinch Mountain's Sweethearts" and Lynn Anderson's "Bluegrass Sessions."  More moments of "awe" are in display with the swaying fiddle-led "Just One Mountain" and the jaunty resolve "I'm Following Jesus."  Of note is the former which was inspired by Combs' cousin who was suffering from cancer. "Just One Mountain" is a sober reminder to us that what to us can be a mountain is not unmovable to our Lord.Combs get particularly affective when it comes to the ballads.  Building her autobiography into "New Life," Combs recalls via her camp counselling days how a lonely girl she chaperoned found Christ.  Simple yet so heartwarming is the message underlining "The Lord is Beside Me."  But what makes this song a gem is Combs carefully delivery that is so measurably thoughtful and ruminative.  Almost repeating the same message to less success is the tad whiney "Let Me Know You're There."  However, her take of the two hymns here are not to be missed.  Accompanied by Ryan Combs on guitar only, Combs' spartan take of "Be Thou My Vision" has a piercing nakedness that makes you open your heart to embrace every syllable of this great hymn.  And her perky take of "Sweet By and By" certainly gives heaven the excitement that it is due."New" is an album laced with both poise and talent.  Combs is a first class interpreter of songs and she really knows how to get to the heart with her heartfelt vocals.  And her talents in song writing are nonpareil.  Though this is a bluegrass album but it comes from a place of emotions and genuineness that cannot be labeled with a genre tag.  In short, Combs is a talent to watch.
I love the message of this song and it's one of those songs that you can't help but to turn up the volume and sing along.
Great preview of this fantastic group. Cannot wait to hear the full album. Especially the song Slip on By. Please support this wonderful group.
I love this particular song. Its awesome!I play it all the time. Lexi is a wonderful new aspiring artist. Im so glad I Got it.
Very relaxful background for prayer or work. I use it on my ipad while reading the Breviary. It keeps my mind and heart in prayerful mode. The &#34;oldies&#34;  have a way of  helping us sense the universal quality of prayer.
Daryl Coley has an inimitable tenor voice that is an inspiration and a treasure to the gospel community. Because of various health challenges  "Uncle Daryl" (as some in the industry call him) has been absent from public appearances and has not recorded since 2000 with "Oh The Lamb". To the delight of fans the world over Daryl Coley is featured on a "new" recording, Daryl Coley & Friends At the Church (Soundtrack) The project is the soundtrack for the motion picture, Church: The Movie released in 2010. The movie is about a loyal congregation of a small town church that bands together to save their house of worship during a devastating financial crisis stars: Darius McCrary, Joseph C. Phillips, Sam Sarpong, and Daryl Coley.While Daryl Coley & Friends At the Church (Soundtrack) does not include entirely new music; this marks the debut of the soundtrack's release. ....At the Church opens with the rousing praise anthem, "Devotion" which features Coley along with Nicoe Potts and Blanche Mcallister-Dykes. The song is straight church for the entire 3 minutes and 48 seconds and is one of the high points of ....At the Church. "Come Home", the lead single for the project, pairs Coley and Mcallister-Dykes (who also appears in the film) "Come Home" is beautifully arranged that ushers the listener to go back to the arms of Jesus who is waiting patiently for his child to return the safety of home.  Another favorite is "There's None" which features  Mcallister- Dykes and Daryl Coley.Daryl Coley & Friends At the Church (Soundtrack) features contributions from Darius McCrary, Dionne Gipson, Stanton Lewis, Nicoe Potts, Hannah Miller, Dr. Claybon Lea, Jr., Fe Fea White, and Simply Dre.....At the Church may be the precedent for a new recording of all new Daryl Coley music. In an interview with *examiner.com in 2012, Daryl sounded hopeful, "I'm doing quite well," he says. "God has promised that he'll restore me and he has been doing that. And even though I've lost my eyes as far as sight is concerned, I'm doing fine, I'm doing great." He says, laughing, "I don't know, I guess there's still a place for me to sing."Get It! Love It! Live It!
This is a soft relaxing workout cd.  A bit too soft for my particular class, but perfect for the guided relaxation following the pilates class, my students love it.
Great Souther Gospel style music.  Not just boring remakes but some original takes on some great songs. I really enjoyed almost every song on the album
I downloaded it formy mother and she loves it. She is listening to ot now. And she has a smile on her face. The best part of all is hat it was free. How can you beat that. It brings me great joy getting it for her and her great joy listening to it.
Although I was not familiar with most of the artists, I really enjoy the music.  Good variety of Songs which were new to me.Am really enjoying this album.  .
If you like the old hymns most sung the old fashioned way, you will like this album. Most of them are great, others ok. Enjoy
The messages in the songs are great, but I really like more contemporary Christian music.  Good variety of songs and artists.
This is good religious music, and the shout it out part makes you feel good, and eager to join in with the singer's. I enjoyed the whole lot of music, each song, one after another! A good set of songs, and music you will like!
This is enjoyable music and considering that I got it freeit is even better!  I love any Christian music
This is a good album; I wanted something I could turn on at night from a playlist that would allow me to sleep with good thoughts.  This was definitely a good buy!  Well-known songs I can sing-along if I choose and a wide variety of artists singing them so a good album to just listen too as well.  And even better, I know my heart and mind are being filled with good things when I use it to drift off to sleep.
Good solid mix of some serious praise and worship. I will use the formatting style for a variety of programs I have coming up.Dr. Abby BurkeArtist Revival Ministries, Inc.
It's fun. This is the kind of music that I grew up on, and I really enjoy listening to it. It's pretty straight-forward with strong harmonies and powerful choruses. The price (free) is certainly good as well!
Just love this album; it has such a variety of true worship. Thanks for the great free music, Amazon.com. Yeah!
Great music for everyone. This is an album that you won't have to worry about the language your children might hear. it is Christian based songs that will move you and touch you. You will find yourself singing along with the songs
Wess Morgan has an awesomely anointed voice.God has truly blessed him with that voice!Keep on singing for the Lord Wess.We LOVE your voice!
One of their best CD's
I enjoyed this music better than some but I still find it hard when the words are sung over and over again.
some praise here no pun...but same as all the rest.  not any dif. from any other 40 praise and worship.
Wonderful.  So glad that I have this in my Amazon Prime Music.  Totally recommend it.
Bring Your Nothing is another solid album from the Shanes!  While the sound is a bit more &#34;poppy&#34; than their previous efforts, as usual there is a lot to love: the soaring, tight, high melodies, and tunes full of rock-solid scripture.  And for ~$10 on Amazon, how can you go wrong?
Another great CD from Shane and Shane.  Their content in their songs continues to mature and deal with deeper subjects.  The CD does have a little different sound a little more melancholy.  I recommend it if your a Shane and Shane fan
I've been a fan of Shane and Shane since it was just Shane Barnard. I've always loved their style of playing the guitar. They've always made great music, both lyrically and musically. However, this album definitely took a different direction. I think they've been bitten by the contemporary Christian music bug because the CD is void of any cool guitar riffs or any of their guitar style.  Don't get me wrong,  the CD is still great. Wonderfully written and beautiful songs. I just miss their old style of playing. Just a bit disappointed. Rocks Won't Cry and Psalms is and always will be their greatest albums in my eyes.  Just my opinion..  But keep up the great music. The lyrics always speak to me and encourage my walk with the Lord. Thank you for the awesome music in the past 13 or so years.
Shane & Shane continue their string of quality music good for focusing your mind and heart on Jesus. As with all of their music it gets better with each listen. Each time thru the disc I've found a different song to love, a lyric that strikes me differently, makes me think, or a harmony I didn't notice before. To me, this is a sign of great musicians. The fellas try a little bit of musical experimentation most notably on the title track "Bring your nothing", and while that wasn't originally a favorite it has grown on me. Horns in a Shane & Shane song? Yes, and it works! Another favorite starts the disc with "The one you'll find" and it's Mumford & Sons vibe rife with foot stomps and handclaps. "Came Alive" takes us on a more pop approach with tasty harmonies and a catchy hook. "You loved my heart to death" gives us a piano driven earnest praise to the depths of Jesus' love for us. And then two other highlights for me were "Eyes on you" and "In a little While". Well worth a listen and a purchase for longtime fans and those looking for fresh worship music. Get it!
First off, I listen to Christian music for the beautiful, deep, power of God's word AND for musicianship.  That being said, this album was slightly disappointing to me because I heard Though You Slay Me and was in love with it.  However, there are a great deal of cheesy songs, that based on the reviews above, people like (such as the insufferable title track Bring Your Nothing (and I mean insufferable!) and the better, but still cheesy, Without Jesus track) and the track That's How You Forgive, which is uplifting and, though a bit cheesy, I like it.There are some pretty OK songs that don't really stand out, but are appealing, such as I Came Alive, In a Little While, Crucify Him, and You Loved My Heart to Death.The song Though You Slay Me is amazing (this is the reason I bought the album) and there are a few more tracks that are beautiful such as Faith to Believe, and Eyes on You. Overall, it is DEFINITELY worth the $5 MP3 download price.
Life looks a lot different for Shane & Shane from their days at Texas A&M; University. In 15 years, the evergreen college favorites have toured with everyone from Mat Kearney to David Crowder*Band, garnered three Dove Awards and sold more than 500,000 records. The two men are not only husbands and fathers now, but they're also on staff at a local church in Dallas where they lead worship each month and teach a class at the church's ministry leadership school, allowing them to put down roots and be involved in true biblical community for the first time.It's through the lens of fatherhood and community that Shane & Shane's new record, Bring Your Nothing (Fair Trade Services), was born. The songs from Shane Barnard's songwriting class comprise the DNA of this album. Every single song is filled with Truth.The bluesy title track, "Bring Your Nothing," is based on Isaiah 55. Lyrically, the song speaks to what we have to bring to Christ--absolutely nothing. "What sets us apart as believers, what sets our message apart, is that you don't bring your `fill-in-the-blank' to make God happy," Barnard says. "You bring what you have, and what you have is nothing. That's all He requires of us.""The One You'll Find,"  "I Came Alive" and "You Loved My Heart to Death" each include refrains of thankfulness for undeserved grace as described in Romans 5:8: "But God demonstrates His own love for us in this: while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.""That's How You Forgive" defines grace in a powerful way. Shane Everett explains about the song: "it really resonates with people's hearts, especially if they know the Lord. And if they don't, it walks them through how the Lord forgives. He came, and He died for us, and He rose to life; and we get raised with Him." Many of us feel that we're not worthy of being near God and that He's using a checklist to determine our worthiness. That's not the Gospel. The Good News of the Gospel which this song perfectly portrays it is that God accepts us no matter what we've done. As the song says, "You lived the life I could never live, You died the death that I deserve, You rose to life and now You live, That's how You forgive." What a wonderful, encouraging truth."Eyes On You," "In a Little While" and "Crucify Him" anchor down the album with powerful depictions of God's Word. I loving singing along loudly, "I see a city, a New Jerusalem, coming down from Heaven, every tear that's fallen, will be picked up again, and we will live as one" in the standout eternity-minded song, "In a Little While.""Crucify Him" is a challenging song for the Church: "It's packaged differently than Pharisees / wrapped in sing-alongs and Christianese / singing Hallelujah to the King / when my heart is loving idols...I sing Hosanna once again / then I say crucify Him.""Without Jesus" comes right from 1 Corinthians 13, reminding listeners that even the best things we find in this life mean nothing if Christ is not in them. The song includes more challenging lyrics, "just five bucks in the offering, won't buy you some prosperity...without Jesus.""Faith To Believe" was co-written with Phil Wickham after noticing the beauty of the clouds on a plane ride, and is ultimately about how our perspective shapes our circumstances. "Though You Slay Me" indeed slays me with the personal and confessional lyrics: "Though You slay me, yet I will praise You, though you take from me, I will bless Your name, though you ruin me, I will worship, sing the song to the One who is all I need."Sometimes God puts us through trials and humbles us to show us how much we need Him, like Job. We have a church culture where we sing songs that all basically say "we love You God," even though we feel like saying "woe is me."  Then we go back to our real and messy lives. This great song reflects the biblical Truth expressed in Job 1:21: "The LORD gave, and the LORD has taken away; Blessed be the name of the LORD." God wants us to give all of ourselves and rely completely on Him. The song proclaims: "You're enough for me." That's a great reminder and challenge.Closing Thoughts (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com)Musically this album is very soothing and the songs are all edifying, challenging and filled with very biblical lyrics. Harmonizing together on every song, Shane & Shane's personal and vulnerable vocals have never sounded better. Each successive album has improved on the last for Shane & Shane in my opinion from Carry Away to Bring Your Nothing, which is now their best overall album in my opinion. For me, the standout songs are "The One You'll Find," "I Came Alive" "That's How You Forgive," "Eyes On You," "In a Little While," "Though You Slay Me" and the challenging songs "Crucify Him" and "Without Jesus." If you've liked past hit songs "Be Near," "Yearn," "Before The Throne" and "The One You Need," you'll love this album. After repeated listens, the songs get deeper into the recesses of your heart with the challenging messages. Whether as an album to set the mood for reflection and worship or for personal times of devotion, I rate Bring Your Nothing by Shane & Shane highly. This is one of the most worshipful, challenging and introspective albums I've heard this year.
Has good songs. I hear it when reading books or the bible...or when i am meditating on the wonderful things the Lord has done in my  life.
It always takes me a little while to get familiar with a new album, but I think &#34;Bring Your Nothing&#34; is a good album from Shane & Shane. It doesn't have any instant favorites like &#34;Psalms,&#34; &#34;Everything is Different,&#34; and &#34;The One You Need&#34; did, but it is still a good album and I'm sure it will get plenty of play time in my playlists.
I have to say I have a few Shane & Shane cds  and this one is pretty good. My favorite song by far is loved my heart to death it has to be one of the best songs they have written. I still think Carry Away is my all time favorite Shane & Shane album.
Good inspirational songIf you are feeling low it will take you higherA clearer view on what to be thankful for
Great praise and worship song. Classic Hezekiah Walker sound, the choir sounds great and I will probably get the entire album at some point.
I really don't know what to say,I Love this song.I think I wanted the CD with other songs on it.
Awesome worship music!  It will take you in the presence of God. This music can be enjoyed by all. Glory!
Great job by this man of God....love the sound of a choir...real church song...Hezekiah has done a wonderful job on this project
The song uplifted me. I love praising God. It gives God glory!!!! It is simple yet powerful. It is a wonderful praise song.
Prime Cuts: While I Still Can, I Will, While He was on the CrossLove is the most impoverished word in the English language.  It has often been raped of its depth and dimension when we have frivolously substitute it as a synonym for our self-serving narcissism.  Love, for example, has been often brazenly used as ear-candy tedium for exercising our lust.  On other occasions, we have often used love as a feel-good rhetorical device to excuse ourselves from actually helping others.  It is just like sending an over-priced greeting card to an overtly ill friend when we know what is truly needed are our own hands, our hearts, our time and even our wallets.  According to Devin McGlamery's diagnosis, the problem is grammatical; we have not understood that love is not just a noun.  Rather, love is a verb, love acts.  Love needs to have hands; love needs to be translated from our hearts into actions our hands can perform.  Devin McGlamery's debut solo record "Love is a Verb" is a tightly woven thematically-driven package that seeks to give definition to such a notion of love.  And like a prism, McGlamery refracts love from various vantage points: first from God's perspective; what divine looks like at the foot of the Cross ("Waiting at Home,""When He was on the Cross" and "That's Why").  Subsequently, McGlamery examines how this divine love then transforms us in our relationship with Jesus Christ ("From My Rags to His Riches" and "I Tasted Your Water"), with our spouses ("I Will"), and our children ("While I Still Can").A word of introduction is order before we delve to dissect the songs.  Southern Gospel aficionados would certainly not find McGlamery a stranger.  In fact, his roots are deeply embedded in the music industry ever since he was a teenager.  Starting in 2009, McGlamery is the lead vocalist of Ernie Haase and the Signature Sound.  Prior to that, McGlamery spent five years as a tenor and lead singer of Karen Peck and the New River preceded by five more years with the Dixie Melody Boys.  A cursory glance at the featured guest vocalists on this album shows that McGlamery has not burnt any bridges.  Rather, he has quite a nexus of friends who have rallied around him for this record including former colleagues Karen Peck & the New River, current workmates Ernie Hasse and the Signature Sound, label mates Beyond the Ashes, McGlamery's hero Russ Taff and bluegrass stalwarts Dailey and Vincent.Love that is redemptive first and foremost must be the outflow of a heart captured by the love of God.  No expression of love is ever greater than God's love shown on the Cross beautifully detailed in "When He Was on the Cross."  This is an orchestrated climax building string-laden ballad that deserves copious standing ovation even before the song is over.  While "Waiting at Home" is a countrified re-telling of the story of the prodigal son.  Just like the Talleys who covered Whitney Houston's "I Love the Lord," McGlamery dabbles yet with another Houston staple, "Hold On Help is On the Way."  Unfortunately, because of Houston's definitive rendition, McGlamery could not deviate from Houston's nuances.  "That's Why," which has a traditional country waltz feel, was also recently featured on Ernie Hasse and the Signature Sound's recent "Glorious Day." While Russ Taff's duet with McGlamery on the traditional gospel tune "Up Above My Head" is upbeat, fun, and has a live feel to it.However, a heart that has been ravished by God's love will find expression in one's relationships with others.  This is why in the context of the record "I Will" is heartwarming.  Plaid with rich textures of emotions, McGlamery offers a power-packed rendition of this dynamite of a love song.  "While I Still Can," an old Karen Peck and the New River oldie, is revived here.  Prepare for lumps in your throat moments when McGlamery sings about cherishing the fleeting times he could play "Superman" with his kids.  On the whole, "Love is a Verb" is a stellar solo debut by McGlamery.  It is more adventurous stretching the genre tag to adopt a more encompassing sound than his tenured records with Ernie Hasse and the Signature Sounds.  But it's a record that is vital:  it shows us through these 12 cuts what love is --- love, not informed by our popular culture, but love as defined by God through Scriptures.  Ultimately, this is the type of love never turns moldy; love Biblically understood is a love that moves.
Gospel Artist & Pastor James "Bishop" Tudman has released his 3rd project "Friends"Pastor of Shiloh Cathedral of Praise in Amarillo, TX. Tudman has put together a great gospel cast featuring "Mama" Sue Roseberry who was a top 4 finalist on 2011 BET "Sunday Best", Elder Timothy Mitchell & Lynn  Brown both out of Dallas, Tx who has worked with gospel artists such as Ricky Dillard, Donald Lawrence, Micah Stampley, Twinkie Clark & Edwin Hawkins. Also featuring Devlon Jones, Pastor Brenda Roberts, Pastor Eleanor Murray & Minister Rosemary Bowser."Friends" is a 11 song project which also includes Tudman's "Friends" praise team (Vo Tudman, Kana Sneed, Kathleen Sledge, Julie Tudman, Adrienne Mims, Trina Sledge, Chana Smith, Fred Byers, Nick Carr, T. Eric Jones & Jamal Louis) presenting their exceptional and anointed vocal skills.My personal favorites are "ABC Song", "Here I Am", "New Name", "Love Lifted Me" and "We Worship You" other notable mentions are "Almighty God","Rejoice", "Like You" & "Already Been To The Water""Friends" is a well rounded project with nice contemporary praise and worship along with some old school gospel songs that will definitely make Grandma shout out...GLORY HALLELUJAH! :)Nice to hear good gospel music coming out of my hometown of Amarillo, TX.Well done Pastor James "Bishop" Tudman now let the church say AMEN:)
I must admit that I was not sure about the album at the beginning.  I loved the piano and purity of worship on the first Third Culture Worship CD, so I was surprised by the contemporary/electric guitar driven nature of some of the new songs and revamped renditions of old favorites.  However, the album continues to grow on me more and more each day.Two of the songs are a revamped rendition of the original:  The Question and How Great Is Your Love.  I love that The Question is sung in both English and Spanish!  I come from a church that strives to be diverse and this song is right on target for these goals.  On the flip side, I think the How Great Is Your Love version in this particular album is great for praise and worship at churches that want something mid-tempo, easy to sing, yet has a heartfelt worship feel.The Throwback Medley with old choir songs has me smiling and tapping my feet.  I love the instrumentation with the horns in the background.  It kind of gives you a gospel, jazzy, modern feel to the medley songs.My two really favorite songs right now are Invade and You Love Me Still.  Invade has simple melodies from the verse,chorus, to the vamp at the end.  I found myself unintentionally singing the "we wait for you" part during moments of my own spiritual frustrations.  While You Love Me Still has me in tears again and again.I definitely believe the album is a must have for new music.  It has definitely ministered to me and I hope to share it with others!
Zacardi Cortez, one on one is something that we all strive to have with God.  We need an encounter with God!
Pretty good tracks  with a little mixture of old school and new school flavor  ,I like them they're smooth group
This project provides itself as a great resource for a comprehensive music department. It has a little something for everybody.
Excellent!!! I love this Album!!! Thumbs up! I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys this genre.Go ahead and get it.
This a short but great album. I really love the worship experience on this album. Every one should be in GO MODE.
I gave their other album 5 stars but after something as amazing as their debut, there was almost no chance they could get a 5 star on this cd.  Great songs, great everything but in general the CD lacks a little of the &#34;edge&#34; that their first had.  I prefer the edge and the emotional songs and lyrics.  Others may find this CD far better as it is different enough in style to appeal to a different listener yet lovers of their first CD will still definitely want this in thier collection.
The Browns' &#34;Love Loud&#34; is more than a monochromatic record.  Rather, with brush strokes of variegated emotions, tempos and themes, this family group has painted a colourful sonic vignette. As you hear this record, you can't help but appreciate the care they have taken to make each track sparkle with individuality.  However, unlike many of their peers who are quite contempt with an album choked full of cover tunes, members of the Browns have had a hand in co-penning almost half of the songs here.  They are equally as punctilious in securing the cream of the crop to play on their record.  Their ace list of session greats includes Gordon Mote (Alan Jackson & Brad Paisley) on piano and B3 organ, Glen Duncan (Kenny Chesney & Kellie Pickler) on fiddle and banjo and Scott Williamson (Francesca Battistelli & Jeff & Sheri Easter) .  Further, all three of the Brown children are credited as fiddlers too. The Browns is made up of Shelly Brown and her three adult children, Michaela, Adam and Andrew.  Musically, they have been described as having a progressive sound of the Martins meeting Point of Grace and FFH.After over a decade in the music business, &#34;Love Loud&#34; is the Browns' first major label release under the enterprising StowTown Records.  Featuring dye-in-the-wool luminaries such as Collingsworth Family, Beyond the Ashes and Doug Anderson on its roaster, StowTown Records is founded by Ernie Hasse and Wayne Haun.  Haun is truly a busy man: besides managing StowTown, he has recently released his own solo record and on top of that he produces and writes for many of the signees on his own label.  Without exception, Haun not only helms &#34;Love Loud,&#34; but he even co-wrote four of the cuts. Among the Haun compositions, &#34;Rock and Redeemer&#34; is a first-class charmer.  The skedaddling fiddling sounds and the toe-tapping melodic lilt are wrapped around a song that exalts the ever reliability of Jesus Christ.  While the tempo slows down a couple of notches with the rustic sounding Wayne Haun and Sue C. Smith penned &#34;This I Know.&#34; Interweaving the children's hymn &#34;Jesus Loves Me,&#34; &#34;This I Know&#34; possesses that child-like faith element that Jesus himself would have much to rave about.Some of the best songs on this record are those with a rich narrative content.  The Browns have a way story telling that will get us hook in the way they bring their characters to life.  Be prepared to be awed again by Jesus' power to silence the tossing waves as we stepped into the boat with the Lord's disciples in &#34;The Captain's Got It Under Control.&#34;  And we literally get a taste of heaven with &#34;Street of Gold.&#34; Calling to mind Billy Joel in his rock n' roll best, &#34;Streets of Gold&#34; is a rollicking excursion to God's abode as we are given a delightful grand tour by the Browns.  The title cut &#34;Love Loud&#34; brings us back to earth where the Browns challenge us to be Jesus Christ to those we meet.  Though the tune is a little on the non-descript side, it still flourishes with its detail examples of how we can be more Christlike in the way we treat others.  However, if you are looking for a song that is formative to our trust in Jesus Christ, don't miss &#34;The One Who Still Works Miracles.&#34;  Every time one listens to this gorgeous heart-stirring ballad you can't help but feel your heart growing bigger and bigger with confidence in our supernatural-working God.Another trump card the Browns possess is that they are vigilant to make sure that no two song sound alike on this disc.  Be prepared for some doesy doe on the fun-filled two stepping Bill Staines' classic &#34;A Place in the Choir.&#34;  Regardless of how stiff a dancer you are, you can't help but tap your toes as the Browns sing: &#34;All god's creatures got a place in the choir/Some sing low and some sing higher Some sing out loud on the telephone wire/Some just clap their hands or paws or anything they've got now.&#34; It's a challenge not to like &#34;Love Loud.&#34;  The songs are touching, faith-affirming, challenging and comforting all textured within its variegated beauty.  The Browns really know how to paint with colors so loud that it's hard to ignore.
I first heard this song and it just moved me. I would not rest until I found out who sung this song. This song will speak to your spirit.
This album was very spiritual and the sound is amazing. Thank you for blessing our hearts with such great talents.
This is a collection of bluegrass gospel that includes four original songs and some old standards.  The title tract, There's a Land is one of the original songs and is included a second time with a retro, old scratchy record sounding intro. The songs are all well done by regional Bluegrass Gospel group Strings of Victory.  If you like down to earth, traditional gospel done with a real natural sound but like something new as well,  you will like this album.  Good harmonies and driving instrumentation with bluegrass guitar, mandolin banjo and bass.
The veil is finally torn asunder.  No longer is worship music the church&#8217;s best kept secrets where only church goers get to enjoy.  Blasting out of the speakers of cinemas across the world will be Luke Hellebroth&#8217;s &#8220;Spirit Break Out.&#8221;  This Hellebronth, Tim Hughes, Ben Bryant and Myles Dhillon worship anthem will be one of the feature songs on the soundtrack of the forthcoming blockbuster movie-to-be &#8220;Noah.&#8221; Hellebronth is not stranger in setting new trends and eradicating domestic scaffolds.  Hailing from London, England, where Hellebronth serves as co-leader of Worship Central, many of his songs have had made it across the Pond.  &#8220;Stand Up,&#8221; which is essentially Hellebronth&#8217;s debut album for Integrity Music, finds him working with fellow Worship Central leader Ben Cantelon with the album executively produced by Tim Hughes and C. Ryan Dunham.  The album contains 9 songs with live recordings of 2 of Worship Central&#8217;s favorites with the rest finding Hellebronth sharing the pen with notables such as Aaron Keyes, Tim Hughes, Nick Herbert and the aforementioned Cantelon.&#8220;Stand Up&#8221; bears all the imprints of what a good opening worship song ought to be.  The atmospheric ambiance creates in us an urgency to meet with God that is heightened by the song&#8217;s strident guitar.  By the time Hellebronth gets to the chorus we are already in an hypnotic gaze dwelling richly in God&#8217;s presence as we sing with him: &#8220;Stand up, everybody stand up/Come on lift your eyes up, see the King/Our God, such a mighty fortress/You are with us, for us, Jesus our King.&#8221; &#8220;Love Like This&#8221; is where Matt Redman&#8217;s piano chops and Hillsong&#8217;s &#8220;woo-oah&#8221; converge into a modern Brit pop worship ballad that celebrates God&#8217;s great love for us.  Lyrically, &#8220;Awesome is He&#8221; is a Biblically-rich treasured trove that not only unpacks the infallible nature of God&#8217;s word but the song trumps in terms of its plethora of images used to illustrate the power of God&#8217;s word.  In a genre that is so often devoid of poetical depth and littered with overwrought clich&eacute;s, &#8220;Awesome is He&#8221; is a breadth of fresh air.In the context of corporate worship, not everyone may come with an exuberant delight to praise Jesus.  Often worship leaders forget that there are some in the congregation who have to drag their heavy plaintive hearts to church.  Yet, without any pastoral sensitivity we just bulldoze over such brokenness with screeching guitars and incessant propulsive songs. &#8220;Miracle of Grace,&#8221; actually gives expression for the broken to approach our King with grace and mercy.  Long time fans of Worship Central would have recognized &#8220;Ready for You;&#8221; Hellebronth&#8217;s cover doesn&#8217;t deviate much from the original template. This makes one wonder if it would be better serve (on an already short album of only 9 songs) to have another new composition.  The same can be said about the two live Worship Central re-cuts stuck to the end of the record &#8220;Our Generation&#8221; and &#8220;Now is the Time for Us.&#8221;The album&#8217;s highlight is definitely &#8220;Spirit Break Out.&#8221;  Like a little movie that slowly reels, &#8220;Spirit Break Out&#8221; starts off with a distorted guitar intro before layer upon layer of sound is hewed one upon each other until you get an explosive outcry for God to break out in the spirit of revival. Though the song runs for over 7 minutes, the song just brims with some much anointing that you are just lost in the awe of the moment.  In fact the song is so powerful that Jesus Culture had also recorded their own version of it.  Given the right promotion and the divine push of God&#8217;s Spirit, this song is destined to bring a resurgence of worship back into our society.  &#8220;Stand Up,&#8221; by God&#8217;s providence, will then be a record that lives up to its titular as more and more Jesus followers stand up to proclaim that our King reigns.
I love the collection of favorite songs on their CD. Just what I've been looking for. Hope to find more like it.Thanks!
This gospel music took me by complete surprise. Great for ANY day of the week for sure. I'll take another serving of this please.
WOULD BUY THIS  AGAIN IT IS WHAT I WANTED.  I THINK IT IS WORTH THE PRICE.  I USUALLY PUT ON REPEATS AND LISTEN ALL DAY.
Well with this album being as good as it is even the artery clogging meal on the cover is forgiven. Listen and believe!
Very good! The instrumental part could not be recognized as gospel music, but still what do you expect for free.  Thanks!
This is a delightful collection of the favorite hymns and songs that were tradiionally sung in churches of many denominations.  Simply presented by a variety of voices without any accompanyment, or as might be heard from stringed instruments used during a service in a smaller church, these are a pleasant change from the amplified electronics and enhanced bass of so much that seems popular today.  It would be nice to have a third track...combining these favorites in both voice and instruments, but perhaps that might just take the freshness from this treat.  There are times when simplicity is a rare commodity.  Well worth listening to, particularly during times of quiet and reflection.
This is an old favorite that never loses its appeal and faith message. Easy tempo. I thought he did a nice job.
I really like  this choir . They are an exceptional group with God's anointing. I would buy again. One of New York's finest.
Different Jazzy worship style by taking old gospel songs and adding a real flair to them.  But continues keep the eye on the prize by repeating the beauty of knowing Jesus throughout the CD.  This CD will grow with you in a positive, very meaningful manner.  Vocals are good with a very uplifting guitar background.  Great music for meditation, focus, and just plain listening.
I picked up this album because I'm a little familiar with Nikki Fletcher through her work with Worship Central. This first EP has some good worship songs on it. I'm not crazy about "River Flow" because it's got a hoe down country feel to it, but the rest of the songs I would rate B+. "Draw Me Close" is the best song on the album. You could easily pick a couple of these songs to do in a Sunday morning set list if you're a worship leader.
I really like the variety on this Album because it has a good variety of country and gospel songs. It creates a peaceful and easy listening mood. The Lyrics are deep but can also be applied to an everyday living.The song &#34;Everyday Heroes&#34; inspired me because a lot of times we don't know the meaning of soldiers coming home from a warfare zone that almost cost their lives. They see a lot of brutal suffering and pain, and a lot of times we don't appreciate what they are truly going through after they come home. I especially like the line: &#34;His mind wanders back to a family somewhere who gave up on him and don't even care.&#34; This has so much truth in it, that it hurts. My feelings are that this could even apply to homeless people because they may have a reason for being that way, and who are we to judge?&#34;Does Heaven Suit You&#34; - This intriguing lyric asks some interesting questions - ones we might all ask ourselves before we're called. Who knows what heaven is really like? When we go to church the pastor says; we're all sinners and make sure we understand that when we pass on, there better be a little spark of good. Did you ever think that there might be no time to paint your nails and dye your hair? Would it make you think, if the streets weren't Gold and you had to wear a sheep-skin robe? This song made me think...Overall I think once you pick up what the song writer is trying to bring to the attention, each song has it's own story, which gave me many different insights. Compared to something that would just waste time and has no meaning.Overall I enjoyed this Album, and I'm sure you will too.
Israel Houghton and New Breed are a rare breed these days.  Never one to reside snugly within a specific genre or role, Israel Houghton and New Breed have never allowed stereotypical divides to domesticate them.  Sonically, they were one of the few worship leaders to incorporate energetic blends of Afro-pop, R&B;, funk, pop and urban into their patented worship sound.  And Houghton himself is never one who is just interested in building his own portfolio of hit records.  Rather, imbued with a kingdom mentality of trying to help other artists extend their borders of influence, Houghton has had lend a hand in producing and writing records for Darlene Zschech, Karen Clark-Shead, Michael Gungor and Marvin Sapp among many others.  Also, never handcuffed to just providing music within the church walls, Houghton was also heavily involved in last year's &#34;I'm in Love with a Church Girl&#34; movie soundtrack.  This may explain why Houghton and his team have been one of the most awarded artists in Christian music; out of his vault of accolades include 2 Gold Albums, 6 Dove Awards, 2 Stellar Awards and 3 Grammy wins.Such a cross-pollination mentality of reaching beyond his comfort zone was birthed in Houghton way before he became the worship pastor of Lakewood Church.  Born within a family circle of a white mother and a black dad, Houghton was raised in a Latino neighborhood and a spirited church. Thus, since his youth, Houghton has had been demolishing racial and denominational biases.  As a result, Houghton's music as exemplified by this retrospective collection can never be tagged with genre or stylistic labels.  &#34;Playlist: The Very Best of Israel Houghton and New Breed&#34; is part of Sony Music's &#34;Playlist&#34; titles, where the imprint has garnered some of the best songs from genre defining artists such as Billie Holiday, Diana Ross, Cyndi Lauper, and Gloria Estefan among others.  In similar vein, &#34;Playlist&#34; brings together 13 of Houghton's singles and more popular worship staples in one disc.  Nevertheless, those who are familiar with Houghton's catalog may ask:  &#34;Weren't we served in 2012 with &#34;Decades&#34; a hefty &#34;greatest hit&#34; collection of Houghton that boasts a hefty 27 songs across 2 CDs?  Do we need another &#34;best of&#34; collection in matter of less than a couple of years?&#34;Frankly, the answer is a reserving no if you own all of Houghton's albums. And if you are looking to sample Houghton's songs, &#34;Decade&#34; is honestly the better option.  Nevertheless, &#34;Playlist&#34; does deviate from &#34;Decade&#34; in two ways.  First, &#34;Playlist&#34; is spearheaded by four songs taken from Houghton's most recent &#34;Jesus at the Center&#34; (which were not included in the earlier compilation).  Album openers &#34;Jesus the Same&#34; and &#34;No Turning Back&#34; (featuring Aaron Lindsey) get the ball rolling into Houghton's patented high-charged stadium anthemic worship.  While Michael Gungor joins Houghton on the Spanish flavored &#34;You Have Me/You Hold My World.&#34;  Of note is the flamenco-sounding guitar riffs which are a pure delight to the ears.  Songwriters, on the other hand, could take a compositional cue from Houghton as &#34;Jesus at the Center&#34; is one of Houghton's finest work of art.  Pay attention especially to how Houghton takes a seed thought (such as the need to make Jesus central) and how he deftly applies this truth across various contexts throughout the song.Second, &#34;Playlist&#34; leans heavier to Houghton's latter releases.  There is only one song from Houghton's Integrity debut &#34;New Season&#34; and conspicuously missing are his earlier favorites such as &#34;Friend of God&#34; and &#34;Alpha and Omega.&#34;  Instead, we get two songs from 2010's &#34;Love God, Love People&#34; and three tracks from 2009's &#34;The Power of One.&#34;  Amongst his more recent tracks, one has credit to Houghton and his team for taking some of the grand truths of Scripture and paint them in ways that are memorable and mantra-like such as &#34;Love God, Love People.&#34;  And on tracks such as &#34;Surprise&#34; and &#34;Mercies&#34; it is refreshing to hear how other Gospel greats (such as Fred Hammond and Kirk Franklin respectively) come alongside Houghton exalting Jesus together.  &#34;Playlist&#34; may not be the most creative compilation but one cannot eradicate the Godly power that oozes out of these worship paeans.  Houghton is indeed an international treasure; and in the hands of our Savior, this collection shows how his ministry is without borders.
Wonderful!!!  good worship songs.  touch my  heart.because.soft, not much loudness that brings me into worship .  loud noise does not.
Great Gospel CD to have if you are into good R&B sounding gospel music with tight Men's Chorus harmonies.  All of the Williams' Singers CD's are great to have if this type of music moves your spirit.
Great praise and worship CD. It has at least 7 tracks that take you in.I hope it gets more exposure
Wow, awesome songs of praise, Endless praise, No other name, these truly are as the name states, Planetshakers! Loved it
I was hesitant at first to purchase this recording because it contained a number of songs from Paul that I already had.  But there are a couple of newer songs, the best being &#34;He is risen&#34;, as well as some great renditions of older classics. The live feel of this recording is excellent.  I'm glad I made the purchase.  I wish I had heard &#34;He is risen&#34; sooner.  Our church would have been singing it Easter Morning.  Paul's music is so uplifting, worshipful and always centered in the cross of Christ.  You can't go wrong.  PS - if you ever have a chance to attend one of his worship training seminars, don't miss it.  Blessings!
It starts off with a few remakes, but the originals are magnificent. I would definitely recommend this purchase, especially if you are a fan of traditional contemporary infusion in gospel. Plus, her testimony and her VOCALS (AMAZING)
Simply great.  This is a really nice CD and I've really enjoyed it.  It has a nice contemporary feel and the message is still clear.
Heard this sister at a Fred Hammond concert and bought this CD as a result. Every track was good music with a lesson, and I remain thoroughly impressed with Mrs. McClendon's skills as a writer / singer. If you don't have this, pick it up.
When I became acquainted with Kenny Lewis and One voice, I knew instantly they would be a permanent part of music collection. As with Way of Escape, One Voice continues to bring an energy and fervency that is missing in gospel music today. Each song is masterfully interpreted and encourages the believe to move forward in destiny.Great project. If you like good choir music, this is one for you.
This is a good album. Old school style. Glad I bought it. I listen to it regularly. It's Very churchy
Fellowship Creative is the music ministry of Fellowship Church in Dallas, Texas. They have previously recorded songs for their church community and they are launching their first major label national release, Running to Follow, available everywhere May 13. The album was produced by CJ Eiriksson (U2, Matchbox Twenty).Right from the opening song &#34;Glory in the Highest,&#34; the band displays uplifting reverence and a joy of worship to our King, Jesus. I really like the song and find myself frequently singing the chorus: &#34;Glory, glory, glory in the highest, highest / My heart and soul will sing / Shout out with everything / Glory in the highest.&#34; The song has a great melody and I could imagine singing it with fellow believers, especially the worshipful chorus. I love the biblical truth of the song and Derric Bonnet's sincere and emotive vocal style laced with an indie alt-rock vibe which reminds me of the Mars Hill Church-based band, Citizens.My favorite moments on this solid album are the glimpses into the band members walks as Christians in the fresh sounding songs &#34;Running to follow&#34; and &#34;Future Back.&#34; I find myself really praying along with the band when they cry out: &#34;Here we go / We're running to follow / We've got our eyes fixed forward and we're not looking back / We're following the Son with the wind at our back.&#34; It's that type of &#34;gourmet&#34; songwriting that sets this album apart from most of what I've heard this year.&#34;Never Be Without It&#34; continues with an engaging electronic pop musical style. The differing musical feels is just one of the many attractions to savor about this standout worship album. In many of the songs we have the opportunity to echo the singer's prayerful exclamations as the female singer prays, &#34;My old life is dead and gone because I met You, my new life is my real life, thank You Jesus 'cause all I need is in You, Your love, Your love, I'll never be without it.&#34; Amen!&#34;Jesus My King&#34; reminds me of contemplative worship songs like &#34;Scandal of Grace&#34; by Hillsong UNITED and &#34;Jesus, Son of God&#34; by Chris Tomlin. &#34;Great is Your glory, Great is Your love for us, let my heart be Your throne, Jesus My King&#34; sings the vertical refrain which continues the focus on God's glory and Lordship over our lives.Many of the songs are arranged in a very sing-able and catchy style. &#34;Desperate For You,&#34; &#34;The Everlasting&#34; and &#34;Beautiful&#34; are all gorgeous and worshipful ballads. Every verse of &#34;Desperate For You&#34; ends with a faith statement for believers, &#34;Jesus You are Lord.&#34;A thread woven throughout the album is found in that song as the singer sincerely offers: &#34;Standing at the end of all of me, Jesus I am desperate for You, laying everything down at Your feet, Jesus I am desperate for You.&#34; &#34;The Everlasting&#34; has the female-led faith statement, &#34;The Lord is my life and salvation, whom shall I fear, of whom shall I be afraid? I'm calling out at the top of my lungs, Lord, I will wait for You.&#34;Closing Thoughts (Staff Review, NewReleaseTuesday.com):Fellowship Creative's passion is to make creative music that inspires the worship of Jesus Christ and to point listeners to Him. The theme of emptying ourselves in order to be filled by &#34;The Everlasting,&#34; &#34;Jesus My King&#34; for wholeness and holiness is worth &#34;Running to follow&#34; and singing at the top of our lungs, &#34;Glory in the Highest.&#34; I greatly enjoy the musical vibe of this album and the melodies and lyrics are all catchy and rooted in Scripture. The creative use of biblical language is a highlight and there are no ambiguous lyrics, which is refreshing and great for the Church to boldly proclaim praises to Jesus. Fans of Hillsong, Citizens and Passion should enjoy this solid gourmet worship album, one of the year's best.
Open Review: Chanel Trin-i-tee 5:7 according To Chanel[...]She semi-completionate approves Reimburse.Accept 5 to 7 feelike endorsed proportion felt.Sitting hard on "He" as an other say not talking about thee Matthew Knowles reflectour slope incline.Purple superbness Definitely that a yes'am.Sureful wordi purseful Lordlove Marvelous.Fronts to 'Superstar'.Back complainin talked jab 'Go'.Quick herflection "You" puts Chanel in gospel herelite class of she claim that is correct Trin-i-tee delightful most loved trust replaying 5:7 scene imaginabless Affection.Establush play developments think about contemporary daisy resembling whatcha Jill Scott blossomeanting on christian walkway albumoon deliverette.4/5 rating
I love it. So unique and so Chanel! Must listen to and inspirational. Great music to dance to, be encouraged by, cry to, and uplift you.
Great sound, youthful.