You certainly can't doubt the passion of these cadets. With songs from the classic Battle Hymn of the Republic and modern hits like the title song I Believe I Can Fly this album has a wide variety of music. These cadets sing their hearts out. If you're looking for a good patriotic album that's inspiring this is a great choice. The cadets have a youth choir feel which always brings back fond memories of the days in glee club.  Check it out and if you like this one try this also by the Air Force Academy: Fireworks For Brass And Organ.
Since all the previous reviews have been five-stars, and Mr Mezzick's review from last year is very ample, all I wish to add is my strong agreement that this is an outstanding performance of an important repertoire.
This is some very uplifting music. Church is now using some of the songs to transition from one worship service to another since we have two. I play this CD constantly. I love it. It sounds really good on the Big Jambox. I definitely would recommend it.
I love this cd!! It has some of the best written songs that I have heard in a long time!!
I agree with the other reviewer that Keith is one of the best kept secrets in music.  Hopefully that will change soon because his guitar playing and songs are simply amazing.  Every song is beautiful.  The original songs are breathtaking and the arrangements are fresh and easy to listen to.  The guitar work is simply incredible - I hope he gets the recognition he deserves.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Keith Cooper has to be one of the best kept secrets in music. If you like hearing great guitar music then you will love this CD. He plays in church settings mostly due to his faith. I have seen him in concert twice. I have always followed guitarist, playing guitar myself. I liked Kottke, Hedges, Andy Mckee,Stevie Ray Vaughn, Roy Buchanon, Van Halen, Satriani, etc. Kieth has to rank as one of the best, most original guitarist I have ever seen. Don't be fooled because it is "Christian music". If you ever have the chance to see him in concert your jaw will hit the floor as mine did. His combination of hammerons, tapping, and percussive techniques are awesome. Don't go expecting a guy to sit and play "Chet Atkins music". I promise you if you play guitar he will blow your mind. He has a website you can check out. He has some great fingerstyle tunes on here then smokes you with scale runs on another tune. The percussion and arrangements are a nice touch also. I also bought his Christmas CD which is also great(being that I love guitar).
Great meditation music. Great selections of songs. I recommend this to be used for that special quiet time of reflection of the day.
Kudos to The Carolina Chm Chorale and Timothy Koch for recording these three works. The first two works are engaging, witty, and accessible works for a cappella Chorus and soloists. 'Presidential Suite' by Jack Gottlieb is based on words by famous presidents (e.g. 'Ask not' by JFK) and is fine choral writing. 'A Medieval Bestiary, for chorus' by R. Murray Schafer describes the various creatures of the jungle and of mythology and uses solo voices in tandem with the chorus to bring each animal alive.But the important work on this recording is the exquisite Madrigal Fable for Chorus, 10 dancers and 9 instruments - THE UNICORN, THE GORGON AND THE MANTICORE composed by Gian Carlo Menotti. This wondrous work tells the story of a strange man in a castle 'who doesn't even go to church on Sundays' and who parades his various 'beasts' of the title through the town on three consecutive Sundays. The prince of the village, egged on by his envious wife, mimics the strange man, procuring the odd beasts, and the envy of the unknown eventually drives the village to accept the fact that the strange man is simply a poet.The work is written as a ballet/mime and has had intermittent festival performances. It is a beautiful story, with Menotti's finest choral writing, and interspersed with the madrigal narrative are instrumental interludes for nine instruments that are likewise some of Menotti's best chamber writing. The visual aspects of this work greatly enhance the appreciation of the superb piece, but this performance conducted by Timothy Koch is very fine. This is a lesser-known work that would be a welcome addition to those who love choral music and modern interpretations of the art of madrigal singing. Highly recommended. Grady Harp, September 05
Randall Thompson is a great choral composer.  He writes accessible music that medium level choirs can master with suitable practice.  Thompson writes great, unique harmonies that one wants to hear again and again.  The choir and the piano here are excellent.  The choir's blend is exact and the intonation is excellent.  I highly recommend this album.
When I was a child, my sister sang in a choir competition in my state.  This is the music they sang.  We obtained an LP vinyl record recording of the performance, and I literally wore out the vinyl listening over and over to it.  Years later I was thrilled to find this CD.  The chorus is perfection.  The music is so inspiring.  Give this one a listen.  If you love choir music, this is top notch.
An ethereal, transcendent sacred work, flawlessly interpreted and performed. A good listening choice for those days when the world is too much with you.
The Tallis Scolars' recording of Alegri's Miserere is clear and riveting and should inspire the next genius musician or theologian. It was a strong, faithful companion during Holy Week this year and one that will be with me all year. Hats off to Head Butler Jesse Kornbluth for a timely recommendation.
These are two of the finest things in the entire Western vocal repertoire. They fairly soar and take the listener along. The Tallis Scholars never fail to delight and amaze.
Beautiful.  I've had the recording for several weeks now and have played it at least once a week and find it that the Tallis Scholars make beautiful masterpieces.
Larry McCullough & Chosen Generation is one of the most anointed groups I have heard in a long time. The song "Holy & Righteous" is blessing so many churches during the worship services. So many praise teams and choirs are singing this song. It provokes me to worship and praise God!!!
This is a group that truly represents the standard of excellence that God is calling for His children to have.  If you haven't seen or heard of "Chosen", get to Greenville, SC and check them out!  You will be blessed!  Holy & Righteous is a powerful and anointed song!  Call your radio stations and request this awesome song today! I love you family!
Heather has the voice of an angel. It is a real testament to God's faithfulness.
Katie's voice is phenomenal.  The very first time I heard her begin to sing, I was hooked.I bought her album and fell in love with every song.
If you aren't familiar with the first album you should definitely check this out. This is a cooperative project done with the national association of musical education. If you have any nephews or grand-kids that you want to share your love of military music with this is the album for you. Along with the first Liberty for All album, these discs educate while they entertain. They mix the music of history with interesting images and narrative. This is a good one for those who are looking for a different kind a album or for any young person who loves history.
I downloaded Quiet Moments to use during prayer and meditation.  I find the music inspiring and helps with focusing my heart and soul.
One of the best CDs I've ever heard, we use this in our prayer time at church.I would definitely recommend the CD to anyone.
This CD has provided many beautiful quiet moments of worship and makes a wonderful soft background for studying the Word of God, or just to have playing in the background while performing other tasks.  It's very peaceful.
We bought this to play in our 2 year old triplets room at night and they sleep so well with it! Great purchase!
Absolutely wonderful!  Quiet and spiritual music to do my daily meditations to is just what I needed and got. I love it.
While looking for some of the old CD's by Dino and Maranatha! Praise, I stumbled across this album.  After listening to the excerpts, I added this to my collection.  After a few listens, I added this to the playlist on my MP3 player and the USB stick I use in the car.  I play it in background while working on the computer or while relaxing, meditating, or reading.
This album is the most beautiful, relaxing music I have in my library. I especially like number 4 and number 11. I listen to it in the car every where I go and at home when I need to relax. I'd like to find more albums like this one.
Another fine musical mood setter. I can listen to this cd over and over and not get bored of it. It really relaxes me before bed. I Highly recommend it...
This cd has proven to be my favorite cd for "quiet" times or times of meditation on GOD.  I look forward to purchasing his new cd Renewal very soon.
Music calms me, and brings me joy. This cd is a perfect background for my Bible study time, and driving and at bedtime, you name it.
This CD is no doubt an excellent choice for anyone who wants to hear beautiful worship music and enter into a wonderful time of peace and rest. I could listen over and over again.
This is simply an awesome set of church hymns arranged and performed to perfection.  Hopefully it will find its way onto a CD release one day
A fabulous compilation of Greenhaw Records' Grammy Award-Winning artists presented as a gift of love to a Methodist children's home for needy kids, the cuts here are inspired and heaven- sent. Your heart will swell as your ears rejoice in gospel classics and soon-to-be classics performed by some of the world's greatest artists. Grammy winners Art Greenhaw, The Jordanaires, The Light Crust Doughboys and James Blackwood show you why they're the torch carriers of country and southern gospel. Most of these songs carry an uplifting, "power" message to kids. "Dare to Be Brave", "Keep Your Eyes on the Prize". A stunning, essential introduction to the gospel catalog of Greenhaw Records, one of the most award-winning and influential indie labels in the history of the Grammy field of Gospel. Also search out on Amazon more classic albums by this team such as "Southern Meets Soul", "20th Century Gospel" and "We Called Him Mr. Gospel Music."
Shirley Caesar is truly a blessed and anointed woman of God, I have been a fan of hers for many years and I hope to one day meet her in person. She is very inspirational and I love all her music.
It was the middle of the 80s, and Christian rock (as well as White Heart) was still fairly young.  White Heart would prove, along with Larry Norman, why should the devil have all the good music?  With this release, they proved that he didn't and still doesn't.  This piece of Christian rock history is great stuff, even after all these years.
High quality album of the mid 80's! Upgraded from my vinyl . Highly recommended for any collection regardless of genre.
I really enjoyed this CD. Great music and a voice that's incredible. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes Jazz or Gospel music.
I never tire of hearing these fantastic harmonies and songs. The Sea Chanters are truly an amazing ensemble and their performances are always so precise and energetic. I love the Sea Chantey medley and the beauty of Three Poems by Emily Dickinson. This is a must for anyone who loves choral music.
Mark Heard left our earth to be with  his father in heaven in 1992. It was definitly too soon. Thankfully, he left a plethora of his music for us to enjoy. While Mark was still alive, I got ahold of this album on cassette. I wore it out. In my opinion, Mark's best work was when it was just him and an acoustic guitar. The Acoustic album captures his best acoustic performances on one compilation. They are all standout performances but I found myself really liking the track called Well Worn Pages. It is a story about an elderly man that has lived his life and has seen things come and go. The only constant in his life is his bible. It helped to keep his faith alive and strong. Most Mark Heard fans love his later work but there is something about these tunes that just grab ahold of me and I can't let go of them. I searched for years to find this on CD so I am so glad it is now available digitally. I highly recommend everyone to let their ears listen to the soothing acoustic style of Mark Heard on Acoustic.
kitty has a beautiful voice and she uses it to sing from the heart to the glory of God. I have purchased all her available music and love it all.
I absolutely love the music Marty Haugen sings,writes, and arranges.  It is so nice to be able to sing the same music we hear in the Catholic Mass at home or while I'm driving!  I'm finally actually learning the songs!  It so wonderful.  I want to get his wedding album someday when I get married.
I ' VE FIRST EXPERIENCED LISTENING AT THIS GROUP AT AN CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES CALIFORNIA , SPONSERED BY BROTHER OLLIE COLLINS JR . . I LOVE THE SONG &#34; WILL THE  CIRCLE BE UNBROKEN &#34; BECAUSE OF THE REMEMBERANCE  AND SIMILARITIES OF MY GRAND MOTHER WHOM DIED [ ( ELIZA BROWN  - 1963 WESTCOTT CHS ) - (  AT REST CEMATARY  COLLENTON COUNTY - ^ )  ] AND THE CARE GIVEN BY MY AUNT ETHEL  [ ( ERNESTINE ) ( STI ) ] WILLIAMS AND DEACON WILLIE WILLIAMS OF SAINT MATTHEWS BAPTIST CHURCH . BEFORE HER DEATH ! SONG COULD BOTHER SOME INDIVIDUALS , HOWEVER , ENJOYED MELODY,AND IS MY FAVORITE SONG !  I ' VE FELT AN COOL BREEZE WHEN TRIED SINGING SONG AT WILLIAMS CEMATARY , WHILE DURING AN VISIT ! GETTING READY TO DOWNLOAD AND PLACEMENT ON MY MP - 3 !  SURPRISE GROUP DOES ' NT TOUR !
This album is a must have; it has some of the classic gospel greatest songs and artists on it. It is hard to find a good compilation album these days.  This is a great album.
Great set of oldie songs! Includes such classics as &#34;People Need the Lord&#34; & Proclaim The Glory Of The Lord. Uplifting!
it took me a couple of days to download this but it was in great condition finally it worked out very well
I heard &#34;The Painter&#34; on Christian radio around 1980 and later bought it on cassette tape. I wore it out as it helped me to &#34;be transformed by the renewing of your mind.&#34; (Romans 12:2) Now in digital audio, its qualtity of music and message is blessing me again.
This album is a musical treasure--hauntingly, almost indescribably beautiful. Lyrically, The Painter expresses what it means not only to be Christian, but to be the Church--the community of the redeemed. Both the musical and lyrical richness is expressed especially well in "Behold Now the Kingdom," a song with the potential not only delight, but to transform.
Both of them together is an extra bonus. The harmony is spot on & flawless. They definitely have God-given talent.
The Talbot Brothers music is part of my spiritual heritage.  This album has an Elizabethan quality to it with simple instrumentation using the guitar and flute primarily.  The song &#34;Create In Me A Clean Heart&#34; and &#34;Paint My Life&#34; are two of my favorites.
my favorite album of all time. i have given it as a gift.i is a wonderful comfort in times of crises
I love Michael Card's music and the messages he has are very well done. However, sometimes I think his lyrics seems more like prose than poetry/lyrics and his voice can get a bit annoying. But I do like his music overall.
This is my favorite Michael Card CD.  His voice is powerful, yet soothing.  He really delivers here.  The songs, for the most part, are touching and go deeply into the life and likely mindset of Jesus - who certainly was a rebel.  Although I can't list the lyrics for every song in this review - here are the lyrics for the lead song Scandalon:The seers and the prophets as foretold in long agoThat the long awaited one would make man stumbleThat they were looking for a king to conquer and to killWho'd have ever thought he'd be so meek and humble(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soulAlong the path of life there lies a stubborn scandalonAnd all who come this way must be offendedTo some He is a barrier to others He's the wayFor all should know the scandal of believing(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soulIt seems today the scandalon offends no one at allThe image we present could be stepped overCould it be that we are like the others long agoWill we ever learn that all who come must stumble(Chorus)He will be the truth that will offend them one and allA stone that makes men stumbleAnd a rock that makes them fallAnd many will be broken so that He can make them wholeAnd many will be crushed and loose their own soul
Michael Card's lyrics are a feast on this album.  It is one of those albums where every song is right on and none are second rate.
My husband and I are singing this as a special on Sunday morning in church. May shock the older crowd and wake up the younger!
I love this CD. Especially the 10,000 Angels song. I had heard that in church years ago and it puts me in a holy place every time I heard it. This group sings that song really excellent.
I am a reiki practitioner and use a wide variety of music while I am doing a session.  This a is a good addition to my c collection.
John Michael Talbot has always been one of the finest Christian troubadors.  This work in particular is one of his best.  If you're looking for an album of supremely worshipful, meditative music for the Christian experience, look no further.
Between this title and "Come to the Quiet" it's hard to pick a favorite.  This is sincere beautiful worship.  I almost feel it picks up where "Quiet" left off.  Really great stuff.  Rarely do I feel "edified" by much that I listen to.  This one does it for me.
the humble and reverent expression of the holy scriptures, and rest in christ fills the lyrics and music offered here.
If you like Bluegrass Gospel this is one of the better ones, various artists and good singing, at a good price.
If you are looking for a real worship experience, and you truly desire to bask in the presence of the Lord, Orlando Wright will take you there. Great music and very anointed!!!
I think this is a remarkable CD of beautiful music.  Release my Praise, Psalm 27 and Psalm 139 are highlights. It will enable you to feel closer to your creator.
I realize most people today would find this CD old and outdated.but for me that is not the case. I love these beautiful old hymns as sung by some men who most assuredly must have encountered the living Lord Jesus Christ at the feet of " The Old Rugged Cross.". Their voices blend in glorious harmony as they sing about their Saviour.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to  hear spirit filled gentlemen sing the old hymns in lovely harmony from their heart from someone who have met Him at the foot of the Cross.
I love Niki's music!  I feel inspired every time I hear her beautiful voice.  I hear the love in every word and it touches my heart and moves my soul.  I look forward to hearing more from her.  I also recommend listening to the version of Mountaintop she sings with the Agape international choir, amazing!  I'm reminded of the saying - don't die with your music still inside you, and I feel blessed to hear Niki's music in this world.
Such beautiful harmony like this is made to hear it only by vocal.Hearing it, fortunately it becomes a very quiet feeling.
I first heard of this album by downloading a free sample MP3 collection. I enjoyed the music from SAVAE so much that I had to buy this album. Nothing in this collection has let me down, I enjoy every song. The harmonies are excellent and the lyrics are clear. As a result, the message of the album is uplifting, both from the music and from the words. This is an album that should be able to deeply speak to you.
The new album, Revival Tonight by SAVAE, is a treat for the senses. Their clean, clear capella style of singing comes through well, and will quickly remind you of olden days of songs in church, gospel, and soon your hands will be clapping along, it's a great album to share with your friends too.Songs I enjoyed were Present Joys for it's great lyrics, Pass Me Not for it's male members leading, Brethren for it's sing along style, and Cuba ( Go, Preachers, and Tell it to the World ) for it's infectious style.  It's hard not to like any of songs on the album.  Buy it. You'll keep it playing.  Gary Miller
Absolutely loved this album, it made me feel like I was in a early 1800's southern church.  So much better than the current crop of gospel hymns.  This is what I listen to on Sunday! :)
I stumbled upon this album here on Amazon and it is a true jewel. David has a tremendous voice: strong and clear. His interpretations are brilliant. I'm sure that his voice has changed by now, but we can enjoy this talented young man through this recording.
I never heard of this title nor cathedral. I sampled the music and decided to buy. It was a very good decision. Obviously not well known like King's College Choir, the choir is excellent in their own right. The voices are very clear and balanced. I would compare the music to York Minster and other less, well-known British choirs (Southwark and Chester).
Wonderful hymns interpreted by the reputable choir of the Cathedral of Wells in England. It is a great selection of ancient and modern hymns accompained by the Church's organ. There are hymns in this CD that I had never heard before in my life, so this is a tremendous discovery for me. You will love it!
I was first introduced to The Crucifixion over 30 years ago when I had the great privilege to sing it with my mother as a guest on her church choir as a fellow alto. We performed the entire piece, minus some of the verses on some sections! This was quite a fete for a Black Baptist choir that was used to singing primarily "gospel music!" :-)It was love at first "sing" for me. I have listened to it almost every year since then as part of my Easter worship and celebrations. I especially like this version for its flow, consistency and clarity. Some of the other versions are very choppy and below tempo at critical points.In addition to remembering the great sacrifice of our Lord through this CD, I also greatly cherish the memory of sharing a very special time with my Mom performing this concert. I think for Mother's Day this year, I will crank up her CD player and share the memory again. However, at this stage of life, I will be singing tenor! :-)
If you haven't heard Durufle's requiem yet, fix that right now and listen to it. It's sublime and amazing.This recording is good quality sound, and it seems to be played well. Plus it also comes with other great music, including a cool mass setting
As an orchestral musician, it would be easy to approach this recording with a critical ear. But within moments of hearing the rich acoustics of the cathedral, the purity of the voices and the blend of the ensemble, one is lost in the meaning and passion of Durufle's writing.This recording is not about prowess and brilliance. It is about worship. It is about humility and grace applied to an aural canvas. Allow Durufle to paint his praise on your canvas...
This is one of the best Acappella albums I have heard. Very inspiring! These men have great voices. Keep it up Brother Keith Lancaster...God bless
I love this album. It is by far by favorite album from acappella. These are traditional church songs sung in the way my heart sings them, I don't enjoy most recordings of church hymns and for some reason I really can't stand the traditional quartet singers. These men are singing from their hearts, with excellent vocal ability, and my heart burns within me, as in Luke 24:32, when I listen to it.
I grew up listening to this music and it never gets old. 30 years later I am still listening to the same music it it still touches my heart, speaks to my soul and ministers to my spirit. It stays with you for life. This music guided me as a child to be a better person and now it encourages me and has helpedme to become a better Christian. It serves as a constant reminder of the foundations of faith. It keeps me going, running the race until I meet my Maker. PLUS, l love how the music is so infectious. It permeates my soul and is always there to lift me up when I am low. If you ever have the opportunity to meet the group and go to a concert, grab it with both hands and hold on tight. You wont regret it! Their passion for what they do and the message they share is beyond evident in their music and their performance. This music will take you on a journey. Enjoy!
I have been looking for this group and this specific song for a bit, so thanks to you Amazon, I found an old classic.
Truly one of my favorite CD's, if not the best I've every heard. Every song is a joy to listen to and stirs me up to worship our great King.Perhaps my favorite part of ANY song is from this CD called "His Forever":Jesus, friend of sinnersI love to tell the storyRedeeming love has been my themeAnd will be when in gloryNot death nor life nor anythingCan ever separate meO love that will not let me goYes, I am His foreverSome of my other favorite songs are: Grace Unmeasured, Surrender All, O God our Help in Ages Past, and Jesus Thank You.I'm going to recommend this to all my friends, because it has simply been a great blessing to me. 5 stars!
I have to admit, the first time I listened to Worship God Live, after I downloaded it from SovereignGraceStore I was not extremely impressed. If I recall correctly, I actually told my wife that I was disappointed with the cd. The second time through, as I learned the words, I began to worship along with the congregation and worship band on the live cd. That same day I played it a third, and then a fourth, and then a fifth time through. That fifth time through, track ten, "The Perfect Lamb of God" finished what tracks 1-9 had begun: I was brought squarely to the foot of the cross:The light of day was cloaked by nightAnd heaven closed its eyesWrath unspared for countless sinsThe guiltless crucifiedHands of kindness driven throughBack on splintered beamThe holy curtain torn in twoAtonement made for meInsults mock the Son of GodThe angels are restrainedBut all the cup must be enduredFor sinners to be savedCan grace prevail in such a dayOf scandal and of scorn?But with a cry "Forgive" You claimTraitors as Your ownAs You drew Your final breathMy debt was satisfiedAnd love divine in glorious mightWould vanquish death and rise... Love unrivaled here displayedCalls my heart to praiseThe perfect Lamb of GodI found my heart in the place that I covet to be, humbled, seeing little but God's love in the face of my sin. Then track eleven, "Grace Unmeasured" hits and I am forced to stop everything I am doing and sing and cry unashamedly with all my might and out-of-tune voice, "Grace amazing, pure and deep that saw me in my misery that took my curse and owned my blame so I could bear Your righteous name...Grace! Grace paid for my sins and brought me to life..."Over the more than 50 more times that I have been ushered into the presence of God with this live album recorded over two days at Covenant Life Church, I have found similar experiences to be common places. My understanding of this album is that it is the best-of the song-writing efforts of some of Sovereign Grace's most talented songwriters, so there is absolutely no filler among the 14 songs. Each and every one of them is in the top 40 of my most-played tracks according to iTunes (among more than 6500 tracks in my library which I've been listening to for a lot longer than this album).All songs are written to declare God-glorifying truth and to elicit the proper response. The lyrics alone will lift your heart in praise. Never is truth declared for the sake of being theologically correct. At the same time, the songs avoid singing praises to God for some unnamed reason. The songwriters preach truth that then leads to praise, and more often than not, this is a cross-centered truth: Where God's love, mercy, justness, holiness, righteousness, wrath, goodness, and patience are most clearly seen.There are only a handful of albums that I can recommend with as much enthusiasm as I do this one.
I love this group! Even though this is not a collection of original songs; it is a collection of original arrangements. I love their interpretation of "God Bless the USA". My favorite version of all time. It's just incredibly beautiful. "Shut De Do" is just incredibly fun!! Of course the title track "Travelin' Shoes" is a classic example of wonderful acappella singing. I completely wore out my original cassette version of this album. I've waited for years for this to be released as an MP3. Highly recommend this album. It's a great introduction to a group that has continued to be dynamic and creative.
Excellent new versions of old hymns. I like to listen to this album often. Singer is very good. I love the fact that I can have copies of this album in my many devices.
Ashley Cleveland is a superb performer.  Her voice is rich, lyrics and songs are well chosen.  Reminiscent of her beloved Spirituals, this album does not disappoint.  Ashley is a true musician, and her offerings are excellent.  Worship musician extraordinaire.
I've always loved Ashley's soulful voice and tunes, but she really outdid herself on this album. Great music, great lyrics. If you love that blues-rock sound you'll like this album.
An album of beautiful, moving songs by a group of women who reflect strength, grace, harmony and commitment.  The power of their performances is manifest.
The Clark Sisters! I got to play drums for them many times. Unac was the best. these albums are a must have.
A digital replacement of my all time favorite Clark Sisters album. No fancy productions, makeup or hair ...just truly anointed voices singing praises!!
You  brought the sunshine is one of the Clark Sisters greatest hits. This song will be around for ages to come. This is a repurchase for me because I wanted it in my cloud. Thanks
This album is wonderful,for any of those that remember true music then there wont be any complaint. This album was done during a time when all of the electronics were not needed or used too much. Real instruments and REAL SINGING were the tools of recording especially when it came to gospel music.  People speak on quality but if u come from a time of realness then u will appreciate what true music was and should be all about. Not about all of the fake quality singers that are out now that sound one way on CD and live they sound absolutely terrible like most R&B; and gospel singers of today. Back then what u heard was exactly what u got or better. No substitutes.
The Clark Sisters was one of my favorite Gospel groups. I just love their harmony and the soul of their music. "You brought the sunshine" always brighten my day. I love this music!
I was looking for this album for over a year because there was a particular song that I love to hear. Power In The House. It also had the lyrics which made it much better.
I was looking for music to add to my collection that was upbeat, fun and christian, love love this group
What a wonderful and inspiring album! Athena's voice is so beautiful.  I especially liked the old hymns-she sang them so appealingly-but I really did like all of the songs.  I found this album by accident, or maybe not by accident since it has been such a blessing!  I am very glad that I purchased it and will look for other albums by this artist.
All of Sovereign Grace's Albums are contemporary in style, yet Biblically sound!  Their songs are like the hymns (solid theology).  The voices and harmonies are beautiful! This is speaking for all of their music!
Love the alternative of gospel music & & I just meditate as I listen. This was a good purchase for me.
Beautiful, familiar hymns beautifully done.  Amick's and Cassie's vocal talents, ranges, and extraordinary voices blend and diverge in flowing duets and spiraling solos to praise our God and King.
If you love Vonzell's voice like I do, I'd check out her rendition of "It's gonna be a cold cold Christmas" on the Breaking for the Holidays compilation.
I bought this project on the strength of seeing Jason sing with Donald Lawrence last year. I was not disappointed. Anointed voice, wonderful songwriting, tight band arrangements, great production. What more can you ask? This is what happens when you lift up the name of the Most High in song. This project is a blessing!
I thoroughly enjoyed the whole cd, As a matter of fact I was at the recording session, and the cd sounded just as good as the live session.It's a must have for your collection.
If you like amazing, modern vocal arrangements, you will love this album. It's selections and performances do not disappoint. Each of the composers profiled on the album were students of Mademoiselle Boulanger and her profound impact can be heard in each composition. The diversity of perspectives on this album is one thing that makes it stand out as a favorite of mine. Listen to the mysterious "Wedding Cantata IV: Set Me As A Seal" or the harmonious "Old American Songs: III. Zion's Walls" for some truly great examples of the musicianship and range of the Soldiers' Chorus.
I had this album on cassette when I was about six. It's so great to relive those memories. Great album.
I worked as a DJ in the Bahamas, New York, and the midwest. This album features two of the best songs that I've ever heard. Praiz is very talented. He can sing, rap, write, and produce. If he had the proper promotion (and if it was God's will) he would out sell the top sellers of all time: Whitney Houston, Garth Brooks, Michael Jackson, and Elvis Pressley. I'm serious. Three of the songs are instant classics. It's a great album.
For those who cut their spiritual teeth on hymns and gospel songs in countless churches across the English speaking world in the twentieth century, this album is a rich treasure.  Despite the unsophisticated look of the performers, the quality of their presentation is astounding!.  It is like a cool clear drink of water for the soul to simply put this album on and let it sooth tired nerves, and brighten the day.  The mission statement of Valerie Knies is as clear as her soprano voice.  She wants to preserve these songs, words and melodies for we who love them and for those who come after us.  She is no schmunk musically either.  If you have an older version of I Tunes you may have to set your equalizer to emphasize the bass because the clarity of the soprano notes is too much for some speakers.  I am Loving it.
When I consider all the dreck that passes for today's American music, this record stands out as a real beacon of what America really can be when it wants to.
This CD is my all time favorite of Shirley Caesar.  I use to have the actual copy but lost it years ago.  I was very happy to see that I could buy the MP3 version on Amazon and it was immediately added to my I-Tunes.
If you got the Gospel bug, you should have had this years ago as I did. Updated to cd version. Love it as much as I did in th late '80s when it came out on cassette...another classic!
The album is an awesome blessing! The album is an awesome blessing! Truly It is a Blessing! Hold My Mule! Say YEAH!
If you miss the choirs of the 1970s and 1980s then this is a good cd for you.  There are classics on here and today's music, while uplifting, does not have the same feel.  These choirs are like synchronized swimming or marching bands.  It's the combination of voices and the wonderful things the individuals do together that make it remarkable.  Today's music focuses too much on solos or individual artists without the collective, in my opinion.
I love the feeling that Richard Smallwood adds to music he sings to God's glory.  Music moves me and many people.
This is something you can't afford not to hear, doesn't allow the so called truth to cover the real truth, this cd is gold, and the songs are directed towards brothers who can't really rap but act like they can, this is platinum put it in your cd player and hop!
Very easy to listen to and enjoy.  Real feelings and true praise and joy.  All of Carolyn's music is great but this might be her forte.  Get it.
Awesome- Lyrics and singing! First time I heard Run After Me(someone else singing it) I broke down crying-words are so true and powerful, so had to find the song!!
I discovered Jessica by providential accident about three or four years ago and found that her worship ushers me into the presence of God.  I will buy anything she puts out.  If you haven't checked her out, I encourage you to do so, perhaps on YouTube.
I was privileged to hear Cori recently in acoustic format (just her and her guitar and a microphone) and meet her in person. What a warm, sincere, friendly person. If you like heartfelt, upbeat folk music, hers is among the best. She has a wonderful, pure voice and sings and writes from the heart and from her personal experiences. I haven't heard her Christmas album yet, but my family tells me it is deeply touching. I would heartily recommend any of her albums to anyone who'd like to be transported back to heartwarming life experiences. Listening to Cori sing is a mesmerizing, wonderful experience.
Iffyou are a fan of Andrus and Blackwood...you will thoroughly enjoy this album.  If you have not heard of them try them...you will like them.
I think Mr Cohen's music is youthful, powerful, inspiring and compelling.If you like pop or techno then I would recommend this cd to you.
Has some funny dramatized skits with some heart felt music.. other songs were really hard, and energy pumping!! Can't wait for more Aviad!
The first time someone showed me the cover of this CD I thought they were joking. Slicked-back hair, dark glasses, carrying a keyboard underneath a banner reading "The artist formerly known as 50 Shekel." Seriously?! YES, seriously!! I would describe this CD as pop-funk Messianic Jewish dance music. What does that sound like? I don't know, Aviad Cohen is the only one I know who sounds like this! The first track makes standing still virtually impossible while singing the lyrics "Lord, we delight in your Shabbat!" This album shows that Biblically-based music does not have to be boring or cheesy. And, to me, there's something about his vocals and music that is somewhat reminiscent of the Pet Shop Boys. A great CD for dancing or listening (and maybe even worshiping). Thanks Aviad! Keep 'em coming!
Love this music. It downloaded quickly and everything was just as described. I can put the music on all my devices.
Aviad Cohen (formerly known as 50 Shekel) is talented and smart.  He keeps it real with lyrics that make you think, while his musical abilities create a feel-good vibe. I wish there was more from this artist.
This song is a well-researched list of the many names of God in the Bible.  Having just completed a Bible study of most of these names, I found the song inspiring.
This is one of the best albums that I've purchased. Thanks to the seller for quick shipping.
Nice to go back and listen to some Old time Quartet music with a great sound and a great message!
This is some of Little Richards best songs You could tell he had the feelings for Christ and his convictions
Was at the original recording for this project and words cant even explain the atmosphere and the spirit of everyone that attended the recording..the cd is awesome and i know it wont stay local.."Wonderful" is my favorite, the words are simple, yet strong and is perfect for praise and worship or someone going through a season change..that track has been a blessing to my spirit.
Was surprised at how good this album is. Saw this guy with the Mississippi Mass Choir & on Sunday Best. Favorite tracks are &#34;Welcome&#34; & &#34;Praying in the Spirit&#34;. You will not be disappointed if you buy. Nice mix of praise & worship music. This guy is the real deal
this album is truely amazing i love her :D my favorite song is knowing me knowing you on dancing queen.
Disiciple I am looking for more.  I love this CD..  Here is how much I love it.  I don't download music but because I could not find it on CD I downloded it..
This is a live album, and a wonderful one!  It doesn't matter what genre of music you listen to, if you're Catholic, you're probably going to like this CD.  Get it and try it out.
I already left a review for volume number 2 that pretty much says it all. Tony Weeks may not be a big recognized name, but his music is great. These two volumes are the first full albums I have bought in a few years. Since starting to buy all my music on Amazon one song at a time I find buying entire albums a waist of money. Every song on both volumes is excellent. I truly enjoy listening to both albums.
If you are a fan of Glad, Imperials, or Accappella you will love this Album.  I have most of the Andrus and Blackwood albums.  Step Out and get this one.  It is a keeper.
Some wonderful Christmas songs, sung with style and charisma.  This man has a powerful and beautiful voice.
I heard the Heart of the City Band give a concert at my church. Wow, it was an amazing experience as we praised the Lord together. I bought this CD and I just love it!
I was introduced to Jon Gaugert's music some years back in Rochester, Minnesota. Jon has written more than his share of "quantum leap" songs that stand way above (a quantum leap above) the crowd of songs out there.  While it's hard to find a quantum leaper on most albums, this album has at least two: A Love For You and Psalm 51. Jon has other quantum leapers I hope to see on Amazon someday -- Fill Me With Gladness and That First Christmas Night are two that immediately come to mind. And jump at the chance to get the studio version of Psalm 51 if he ever releases it as a single.
Absolutely Inspirational! Love listening to EVERY SONG!!!  I love everything about it, the lyrics, the beats, my only complaint is there isn't another album by this group for me to purchase!!
I really enjoyed this cd very much... I actually searched out all the different CD's of hers that I could find and bought them.
Because it's real positive holy hip hop from a truly dedicated Brother! Thanks Brother Big City!!! Keep Keeping On My Brother!
Caught David Goliath performing this album live in Port Townsend, WA around May 2005, bought the CD, and hardly listened to anything else the rest of the summer. Our family still listen to it frequently all these years later, and these renditions of popular gospel tunes have solidified our kids' love of music. These guys rank with Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder musically, and Korby Lenker's breathy voice lends itself to the redemptive power of this album. I regret that Korby Lenker veered from this bluegrass format later in his career - although I do like the outcome, I long for more of these hopeful anthems that can rekindle the spirit of a tired soul.
I thoroughly enjoyed this album, although for my own personal tastes, I didn't care for the arrangement on All Creatures of our God and King.  Just a personal opinion.  However, the rest of the songs, and his voice, are just the best!
I luv David and always have. I first knew him from Christian Youth Camps as a kid. My hat is off to him for making this great Christmas Jazz Recording. God Bless You, my old friend.
This inspired collection of favorite Christmas songs done with David Baroni's signature spontaneous arrangements is like a toasty fire on a snowy day!To see and hear music from this stellar recording simply enter "David Baroni Christmas FingerPaintings" on the youtube search!You will enjoy this recording and video samples from his well-loved recording "Christmas FingerPaintings." Enjoy!Christmas Fingerpaintings
This music is so beautiful and really calms the spirit and gets you ready to celebrate our Lord's birth!!! I highly recommend it! Merry Christmas!
Puchi Colon is one of my favorite Gospel/Praise artists.  I love his salsa-style, rich vocals, and energizing music!  I can't wait to purchase everyone of his CDs.
I love contemporary gospel music so when I heard a cut from this cd and after listening to the samples, I knew I must buy it!
All her songs were familiar to me but what I appreciate is that her music is smooth and clear and the background music does not have a loud beat that overwhelms or distracts from the message in her song. And, the message in her song is uplifting and glorifying to the Lord God Almighty which is appreciated and often hard to find. I would like to see more of her music.
Ren&eacute;e has a rare voice that draws you into the light she shines upon those all over the world. Inner Voice and My Christmas Wish are her best works to date.Those who have an opportunity to see her in person often experience a special, memorable event. Her book The Last Dance but Not The Last Song is a great read. She helps people all over the world and specializes in counseling with teens and collaborating with Mothers of Preschoolers.Ren&eacute;e Bondi's website and Facebook fan page offer her concert schedule and booking information.
The Adam Isaac Band is very inspirational!  I have seen them live at a winter church camp and they ROCK!  God is really using them to their fullest!
Great background music to listen to while working at my desk at home. It's soothing sounds help me focus, create, and complete tasks in a relaxed atmosphere. I also have his Grace album which is similarly wonderful.
This album is beautiful. The title track is quickly rising to the list of my all-time favorite pieces. A wonderful album to listen to whenever I want to be calm and peaceful.
Love this album!  Discovered David Tolk while listening to Pandora and love every song!  The title track is how I found him in the first place!!! A great talent!
Relaxing music, soothing the soul. Helps to really clear the mind and destress. The music is at times soft and comforting and at other times deeply contemplative and moving.
This has become one of the most beloved albums in my collection.  The haunting melodies, simplicity and  arrangement is soothing, contemplative and refreshing at the same time.  If you like thoughtful, emotive, touching melodies, you'll enjoy his work.
I really love this CD.  I became a fan late in the game (after they broke up). Do I only had a few of their CDs before I stumbled on this one.
If you really like gospel music, and I really do, get this album, you might not like every song.  But give it time and listen to it a few times.
I absolutely love this CD it brought back so many good memories listening to it.  The first time I heard of John P. Kee was in 1993 and the music just ministered to me.  AWESOME!!!
I can't recommend this highly enough.  The music is terrific.  It just helps me get in a state of mind that is thankful for the love and friendship we have with Jesus Christ.  This music brought healing during a difficult period.  Helped to see and embrace the freedom I have in Christ Jesus.
I had to buy this mp3 album, because I had worn out my old cassette! I so enjoy Darrell Evans, his music is full of life and very anointed! Every time I listed to these songs it is like the first time, I will never get tired of this music or how it leads me into worship!
Very good choice
These guys are good and this is one of their better albums. I recommend it to any one who has not heard.
This is a great praise and worship CD. I loved this CD and listen to it often. The praise and worship team at our church liked the CD also and are now singing some of the songs. Don Moen gifted in song, he is one of my favorites when praise and worship needed.
This album contains many of the praise songs with which I am already familiar and have a great affection for.I bought an audio cassette in the late nineties of Don Moen songs and fell in love with his voice and the big band style backup music then.One characteristic I truly appreciate about his albums, is that there is a nice transition in between songs.
This CD was even better than I expected!  Many good songs I had never even heard on the radio.  Lincoln is a great guitarist as well as songwriter!
Love this album but I'm waiting for whats next, its about time for that next album!
If you like Christian rock music. Many of his songs are ones we use weekly in my congregation. Everyone enjoys his music very much. THe guitar work is great.
To me, these sound like modern hymns. These songs are a breath of fresh air and a welcomed break from the over-produced mass of contemporary Christian music. Great songs taken right from scripture! Give it it a download. You won't be disappointed.
By His Wounds We are Healed -- meaningful, beautiful song!The whole album is wonderful!I really enjoy listening to it.
This is by far one of my very favorite CDs.  All the words and the artist who sing them are anointed by GOD for timely encouragement.  It is a &#34;must have&#34; for your CD library for sure!
God's word to music...AMEN...better than the &#34;christian&#34; stuff out there today that is all about us and not Him.  It's all about Him...these CD's are great.
you were born for such a time as this. The Watchman cd will bless you in your praise and worship.
Paul Wilbur has excellent talent to lead worship to God. Very nice album. Almost all the songs are 5* rather than just one or two as many albums are today. This one will not disappoint.
If you love messianic praise music with energy, you will love this album. Paul's musical style spans beyond what might be deemed traditional messianic genre, but it always fits the message being conveyed. In this album we are approaching our destination in terms of messianic revelation. Messiah coming is not something far off, but close, very close. The watchmen can hear the sounds of the approaching battle.
Very inspirational, uplifting and encouraging. Positive music and great gift for the friends and family all year round.Check out other songs by paul Wilbur.
I like his music, both words and music.  His is a celebration of God and the land of Israel.  Spiritually very satisfying.
He really gets to the heart of God. He is truly gifted. His ability to tune inot the mystery and majesty of our Lord is fabulous.
this little EP is another flavour of what Jars is offereing (at the time) for Redemption songs.  Shipwreck is from the limited editio nof the previous album and an absolute amazing song.  What wonderous love is an irish sort of hymn, just absolute perfection.  you like Jars?  even a little? buy this... great stuff...marshal
I had this album years ago on cassette tape - and played it all the time.  I was so glad to see it available as an MP3.  It's such a soothing sound - very uplifting.  Just beautiful.
If you like the old hymns and like old mountain music, this is a great addition to your music library!
It's very rare to purchase a cd where every song is good and you, your 85 year old mother and 20 year old son love it ! Great gift for anyone who enjoys great singing that fills your heart with joy, peace and serenity. Not 5 but a six star rating!
My years of classical music study, and my love for Christian music make this mix of them my favorite arrangements to listen to. Linda McKechnie is about the only instrumentalist I listen to anymore! I heard her in person once, and I'd go just about anywhere to hear her again.
Linda's music is the tune of the angels heavens, & God! Her music gets me off into & through a day!
Love it - just wished it consisted of more than 4 songs (3 really, since we've all heard Welcome to Our World on other Chris Rice albums).
Chris- where did you go??We miss you!! Make more music..soon, please!!PS- Great songs, but need more than four!
The was this DC was composed, the arrangment is simply awesome one of the very best Praise and Worship CD's I have ever heard. Praise and worship, calm and relaxing, helps a person really be able to focus on He who is to be worshiped. I've owned this CD for a while and had to buy the electronic version for my iPad.
We use Computer Music for our Praise and Worship service at our Church, we like to play a Hymn at offoring time. This cd has alot of traditional hymns in a style that I really like to use in our sevice.Steven
Gospel or Jazz or both?  I just enjoy this cd so much.  I played this cd alone for about 6 months.  Every time I listened to the words plus the jazz it made me feel as though it was just for me.
We used "Dance With Me" at our wedding - and love listening to this CD on Shabbat, I think you will too.
I purchased this CD several years ago and my daugher and I absolutely loved it-so much that we played it until it played no more!  I found it was a good praise vehicle for younger individuals and also for the older generation (who sometimes like to be younger).  There are songs that make me raise my hands to PRAISE and songs that make me want to move.  Some of my favorite songs are Take Back the Beat, Purity, Set me Free, and It is Well with my Soul.
This is the perfect cd for the praise and worshipper.  I highly recommend this to all who enjoy praise and are faithful.
My kids LOVE this...and it's one of the few &#34;kids&#34; cds that I actually enjoy, too. Nice to finally find some music the kids like AND that doesn't have me on the edge of my seat ready to turn off because of the lyrics. Good stuff!
There are some great tracks on this CD.  The kids at church will be jammin when they hear this!!!!  God is Good, all the time!
I love this praise and worship cd. It has all my old favorites. You know the kind. The ones you can enter heaven with. LOVE IT!!
I first heard this album when visiting north Carolina with my folks on a college tour.  I couldn't get over the way the album sounded almost mystic.  You can tell it was one of Johns first recordings, the crackle of the mic, the bass in the drums, everything has a great 'vintage' sound.  In 'he's coming back' John sings, "one of these old days, I'm going away to see the Lord, my savior God and my friend," the lyrics and the passion in which John sings always amazes me.  Even Tina in the back screaming "sing John...play" added to the authenticity..I truly enjoy this album.  My favorites are: he's coming back, I worship thee, and yes lord.
Not much to say except that this is Kee's first album with the New Life Community Choir. I love the old school, so the songs sound very majestic and smooth! Although the quality aint the best, it only shows how much of an artifact this is! Little did Kee and the choir know that they were destined and hand picked by God to bless the souls of millions! I hope you guys look back at this album to see how far you've come! (To John and the choir)
I bought this specifically for &#34;In Christ Alone&#34; because the Promise Keepers rendition of this song stirs my soul like no other artist does. It's worth the cost just for this song. I also found that &#34;Still&#34; touches a call to Christ I have personally felt for some time... it's inspired. I don't like all the arrangements but the ones I do touches deep and I give it 5 stars.
These are many of the good hymns we sang in church many years ago.  They are sung by a group that sounds like a church choir. &#34;The Old Rugged Cross,&#34; was my grandmother&#8216;s favorite and she often sang it while working around the house.  This song and many more bring back most pleasant memories.
It contains  my favorite old songs I know, tells the Gospel, my church has gone to praise songs, New ones every week.  Am not a music person and have trouble following words only on a screen.  The old hymes have more meaning to me.
Great music. I already had this cd but wanted it for my kindle. It's great praise and worship. I listen to it all of the time. Get's me in the mood for God :)
God is GOOD. I really need positive things in my life right now. These people do it for me. My workday is not easy but when I get this song working for me, excitement spreads to people hiring me. Krud happens to all of us- this song inspires me, it's like nothing can get me down. That's powerful in my workday! Try this one.
All of the titles are classics that I can recall from years ago. A wonderful visit to days long gone. A special enjoyment was hearing &#34;The Touch Of The Master's Hand&#34;; after so many years, it still has its full impact!
A friend loaned me this album several years ago, & I like it so much I haven't &#34;gotten around&#34; to returning it!  I love the style, the mix of instruments, use of piano, keyboard, & strings.  The lyrics refocus my mind on Christ rather than my problems, and I often listen when I'm having a rough day.  It picks me up every time.  I plan to buy my own copy so I can my friend hers back.
When you listen to Jason's music, you get the strong sense that this is someone who walks closely with God. The Biblically based lyrics are rooted in a deep relationship with Christ. Musically, some straight up rock and roll as well as the softer and more contemplative tunes allow the listener to engage in songs which draw the mind and spirit into a state of reflection and interaction with God.Personal favorites are "More Than You Can Imagine" which is a prayer of explores the limited concept we sometimes have in our finite minds. "Listening" is another favorite which discuss the transforming nature of the fruit of spirit and the cry for the Lord to speak to and lead the listener in the Spirit and increasingly walk with Him to increase His kingdom.If you ever have the opportunity to see Jason live in a worship setting, do so. He has a unique ability to lead a group of people into the presence of God and commune with Him via song, scripture, and prayer. His worship leadership style has some similarities to Jason Upton and Paul Baloche if you are familiar with either worship leader.
Heard them at the Bible Church we attend so I immediately bought the 4 song album when I got home
For those who love the music of PPM; you will not be disappointed in Noel Paul's cd "Real to Reel". According to his web site, this was a concert taped in 1973; shortly after the opening of the newly completed Sydney Opera House in Sydney Australia.It was an intimate and spontaneous concert; with Noel performing mostly original material woven through stories as only he can tell them. I first heard this in the late 70's; and it still sounds as fresh and inspiring as it did then.It took years for this to become available once again to the general public; I'd take advantage of its availability here @ Amazon while you still can, you won't be dissatisfied.
One of the first albums I bought as a new Christian in 1980. Lots of fun and encouragement. &#34;Hello, Martha. Can you get the door,&#34; is a common phrase in my house. ;-)
I grew up with PP&M and sang their music in a pizza joint in San Jose to help work my way thru college in the mid-60's.  Somebody gave me this album in the late 70's - they were dumping boxes of 8-tracks and this was one.  And I fell in love with this side of Noel Paul Stookey,  With light-hearted enthusiasm, Paul shares his deep love for Jesus and the incredible gift God gave us when He died on the cross for our sins.  That love shines through Reel to Reel.  My 8-track tapes and player are long gone.  What a joy to find the digital version on Amazon and be reunited again!
Reel to ReelAwesome and inspiring. Truly a tribute to Noel Paul Stookey! A must for any fan of Peter Paul and Mary.
Chunky is a sincere, humble, God-/family-loving man with tons of talent.  This recording is packed with the passion he has for life, with faith and family being key themes.  He talks about the things that matter and how his life was turned around.The CD has a perfect cross-cut of fast, medium, and slow songs -- all with lots of heart and thought that went into the music and lyrics.  As a fan of Alan Jackson, George Straight, and other such biggies, I can certainly put Chunky's CD on the shelf right next to theirs because he has earned that spot.  This recording is musically and lyrically solid, and it is guaranteed to satisfy!
Wonderful harmonies, beautiful original music, with an amazing message in each song.  I absolutely loved their music from the first time I heard their music and every time in between.  You'll certainly be touched by this amazing album!
Really, this has to be one of the best Christian groups I have ever heard.  Their harmony is something that could only have been produced by growing up together.  This is a great CD.  Praise the Lord for the encouragement their music has provided me.  :)
Jami Smith's music is so inspiring! And the product was less expensive than I thought it would be! Mp3 audio was so easy to download and burn also!
I actually originally purchased this cd from Carol herself, years ago.  However, CD's don't hold up well and I just purchased it through amazon mp3's so I could have digital copy.  Carol is truly gifted and I love listening to her sing to the Lord.
This CD is awesome. Every one of Lyndsay Taylor's songs have meaning, and are written from life experiences whether they are hers or someone else's, you can tell they are "real" songs that have life lessons we can all learn from. If you are wanting some music that is not only beautiful to listen to, that you do not have to worry about your kids hearing or the boss walking in and hearing (even if you have stepped away from your desk), I would highly recommend this CD. I believe the Holy Spirit can work through this on anyone to help them become a better person and maybe even the person He created them to be. The CD is $8.99 and is entitled, "When a Flame Is Fine".
Queenstown will have you rockin' with the blessings of Our Lord and Savior.  Jared has a wonderful voice, you can feel his love for the Lord.
If you're looking for an amazing album that offers hope, that offers the experience of meditation, that offers upbeat music, this is the one for you! From the beautiful tranquility of "Surrender" & "Be Still" to the amazing power that comes out of the Peace Prayer, & to the boppy & cool tune & words of We Are All Great in te Eyes of God, these songs are great - both in music & sung - I absolutely know that if you're looking for an album that is spiritual, that talks about what love is, then I know you will also love this album, just like me!!!
wish it was longer - ( and had more songs on it)  nice..  usher in the presence of the lord.
Beautiful couple of tracks that just relax you in God's presence.  Whether your a believer or not, doesn't matter, this is better than all your yoga music or Buddhist chill music.  This will just soak you and leave you out to dry!Get it, it's cheap and sounds great.
Beautiful and powerfully anointed instrumental worship music. We highly recommend it to anyone who wants to &#34;soak&#34; in the Lord's presence.
I love it!!!  Great to use during prayer time and spending time with the Lord.  Go purchase your copy today.
I have really enjoyed this cd during my prayer time.. I have added it to my prayer music list and I love it!
Eric Horner is an incredibly gifted performer.  He loves God, Our Country and cares about our troops.  He used to play in Lee Greenwood's band.  Apparently hearing "God Bless The U.S.A." many times got to him and he devoted himself to singing uplifting songs about God , our country and troops.  Check out his site as well: [...].
I have several of Eric's CD and have thoroughly enjoyed his music.  There is no one else that is promoting patriotism through music like Eric has done and is doing.  He has been a blessing to our troops and all others who have been privileged to be in one of his concerts.  You will enjoy this CD or any of the others that you choose to buy.  God bless Eric for all that he is doing.
I am sorry to have taken so long to see this movie. It is a true story and gives great hope that one person or a just a few people really can make a difference. It also shows how the work of generation carries on to the next generations. EXTRORDINARY!
I've heard the other Frizzell Brothers and their country songs and enjoyed them so decided to give Allen a chance and he is now my favorite because his songs have a message I can understand and make an impact on my life.
I have both the "Little Bit of Lefty in Me" and the "I'm Just a Nobody" CD's.  For the true Lefty fan, Allen does a great job paying tribute to his older brother. I really enjoyed his southern gospel stylings and the message of his songs.  I highly recommend all of Allen's music.
Made me remember church of my youth before the days of canned music. I enjoy this CD a lot.
I purchased this album last year and I usually shuffle all of my 11000+ songs on my IPod and it happens time and again that whenever one of these tracks come up I find myself thinking "Wow - That was a great song by Chet" and then when I look at my IPod I see that it's Richard Hudson. Amazing finger work, just like Chet!
This CD is AWESOME! The vocals are smooth as silk, the flavor is extraordinarily soulful, and combined with the message of the lyrics............it's a definite winner all the way around.
I am looking for this CD..... The song I choose to worship is so awesome! I will be glad when this comes back on the market.....
I heard Wess Morgans  testamony on TV and couldn't wait to hear his music.  It touched my heart greatly.  The rest of my family likes to hear the cd, even my11, 12 and 15 year old grandchildren.  I pray God will keep him strong and anointed.
THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST MOVING GOSPEL CD'S THAT I HAVE EVER HEARD!!! THISYOUNG MAN TAKES THE TERM "SOULFUL" TO A NEW LEVEL!!!
The best to give to anyone you know.  God is using him mightily, we are thankful!
OUTSTANDING and Truly Gifted with a Beautiful Voice of an Angel!  I heard Nigel Lewis for the first time on TV ONE GOSPEL w/Jeff Majors and he was amazing.Nigel Lewis you are truly gifted and highly favored, and I hope to God I can see you in person when I come to Trinidad / in concert one day, because I was jumping for JOY just listening to your song "I Need You" that touched my heart & soul...........Thanks for walking in your destiny and may GOD continue to Bless You Always!New FAN for LIFE...LOLChristine Shannon of Hartford, CT
This is one of the albums I listen to often, its super good, she has a beautiful voice.
I heard one song on this album at a seminar I was participating in and just had to have it. I love all the songs on it. Now I present these seminars in prison and I always use these songs for praise and worship. It's never failed to be a hit. The lyrics are the heart cry of committed Christians and the music is upbeat and refreshing. Love it!
BJ's distinctive vocals and upbeat rendering of some old Country Gospel favorites will surprise and delight even Country Gospel skeptics. His charismatic personality is reflected in his one-of-a-kind voice. The accompanying studio players are some of the best on the planet with incredible performances from fiddle player, Aubrey Haynie. A top notch album that will get your feet tapping and put a smile on your face. Has overtones of Western Swing.
A combination of smooth 80s-style funk and bright African-American style gospel, "Faith, Funk and the Promises of God" delivers a surprisingly satisfying listening experience.  The lyrics are well-crafted expressions of praise and comfort in God's providence, and the singer's voice is rich in resonance and enthusiasm.  Personally, the music brings me closer to the Lord through whatever troubles I may be having, and adds a bounce to my step to face the future.
Beautiful choir music for Christmas or any time of year, although there are not specifically Christmas carols on this album. A wide variety of choir music is presented on this album ranging from a very upbeat version of the gospel song Wade in Duh Waddah (the way they actually have spelled it), to the beautiful spiritual song, Amazing Grace.
This album is truly amazing. If you listen to or use to listen to secular music and you liked groups like Silk then album is the Christian replacement for you. Very uplifting, purposeful, and annointed sound. Love it!
Excellent!  Powerful and moving.  I listen to it over and over.  It always brings a calm, quiet peace to my soul.
Praise the Lord!!!!!!I bought this CD before when I first got saved and loved it but now that I'm more seasoned in the lord I can see how powerful this CD really is. I was at work a little down and the lord put this Cd in my mind: so I went on amazon just to see if they had brother Dubb's CD and they did. I listened to the sample tracks and wanted to just start praising the lord. Brother Dubb is a real man of God and it shows in his words. thank you for making this CD "it's really helping people; it helped me" I bought the MP3 download and walked in power the rest of the day. with holy love Cynthia; your Sister in the lord.
I love this song, it makes me thing of wonderful days when I lived in Ohio, and sang my heart out.
I enjoy hearing the great talent of Katherine Burton playing the great gospel songs.  I highly recommend her music to anyone who likes the violin and gospel music.
This is a beautiful collection of sacred music.  Her voice is ethereal and I play it whenever I need calm and connection to the spirit - which is often!  Take a listen and be transported!!!
I stumbled across this gem and I'm so glad I did. The album has beautiful vocals...wonderful musical arrangements...originality...uplifting and just downright fun and inspirational!
I'm hoping Bertha or someone she knows reads this. Just wanted to write and say that I really enjoy the truly deep, heartfelt singing Bertha does on this album.I've got all my music digitized, and listen to it in shuffle mode while working. Every once in a while while concentrating on my work, the current song will cause me to pause and see what is playing (4,000+ songs across mostly jazz & classical, but plenty of other genres). Cuts from this album always make me pause. I ask myself why? I think it is the great sense of personal connection Bertha makes with these songs, and how that comes across -- plus she has a great voice for gospel.Anyway, this review isn't going to be read by anyone it appears. However, I do hope that every once in a while someone in Bertha's camp checks here. Again, wanted to say that this is a truly outstanding work. I've got thousands of bigger, better-produced commercial songs with many great singers, and this album, and most certainly Bertha, stand with the best. Not sure of your sales beyond friends and family, but there's at least one guy out there (a white, non-Christian) who is touched by this great singing.
this album is an organic wonder -- each track has its special place in the musical journey -- all the tracks play off each other -- it's a Story not just music, not just a bunch of songs -- A+ in all regards
An album with soft hymns, mostly harp, but a few other instruments, and no words is wonderful to play in the background during private prayer.
Chris Sligh is an amazing singer! His vocal and writing talents shine through with this song. I really liked his other CD "Take A Chance On Something Beautiful",  so when this song came out, I just had to download it right away. I'm glad that I did. This song is amazing. This is the single from his upcoming album,  "Running Back To You",  which will debut on May 6. If this first song is any indication of what his new CD will be like,  I can hardly wait until May!!
I love this song. It was my first purchase from amazon. This song wakes me up and reminds me i need Jesus to fill me so others may see Him.
I heard this song today for the first time! I don't know how I missed hearing it for so long!! I was driving in my car and heard it on the radio and was completely captivated. I am a huge American Idol fan and most certainly was a fan of Chris back in the day.  I felt as if I was walking with him thru his journey.  This song is so heartfelt and Spirit filled.  I do believe I saw a glimpse of Chris recently along with Daughtry in a short video on a Mercy Me web link.  Anyway I rate this song very highly and I do believe that God is using American Idol in a way that eventually gives Him the glory.  He has raised up several awesome singers that have not been afraid to show that they worship Him and praise Him.  Oh yeah this song was released on my 57th B-day this year so it has to be good!!!  :-)Kay Desjardins
Salah has not only brought Gospel and G-Funk together into a annoited amalgamation of song, but has also put his heart and soul into the lyrics and vocals on this album.  This is a must have for anyone who loves Gospel music.
La voz y el mensaje de Susana son entregados en un balance brillante de energ&iacute;a y dulzura y envueltos en joviales letras con profunda sabidur&iacute;a.Como madre de una joven adolecente, encuentro maravilloso el poder compartir la m&uacute;sica que me gusta escuchar con mi hija.Dos canciones, Baruj Aba y Hine Lo Yan&uacute;m, acompa&ntilde;an a mi familia durante especiales celebraciones como la Pascua.En tiempos de tormenta, el poder susurrar "Al final del Arco Iris" al escuchar a Susana  es de gran consuelo!Me parece excelente que amazon.com ofrezca la m&uacute;sica de Susana Allen!
I may be saying this because two of the three men of the member of testify  are members of my family  they have an amazing voice. i would highly recommend this cd and the other cds they have. I love the cd. I can't get enough testify. I don't think i could outgrow this group.
Wonderful music and i love ordering my music form Amazon.com it really is something that i will continue to do in the future.
I heard this song on tv and very easily downloaded it to my kindle. Old time gospel at it's best.
Regina Belle has an awesome voice.  This song is so inspiring. You will be hand clapping and singing along with Regina as she praises God.
This is a great song.  Contemporary music usually gets praising God head on.  Gospel used to regularly.  Unfortunately, lately gospel music has been all about "me" and "what I deserve from God" and what makes music popular.  But, the truth is, the Word has never been popular.  Its about praising Him and then it encourages us.  This one just tells it like it is...GOD IS GOOD!!!  (and His mercy endureth forever)  That is what people need to know in these days and time.  Thanks Regina!
I fell in love with this song when I first heard it. Had to have it and will be singing it in church soon.
This song brings back so many wonderful memories and I must say that God was written all over this Album. Lovely
I had bought Reginald Reid's cd a couple of years ago. I just noticed there was not one review?  WOW!. A true tragedy on how such a beautiful smooth jazz album can get lost in the shuffle in a big media store like Amazon. Alas many of us recording artists and composers are new to the changing technology and marketing involved.As a jazz pianist/vocalist and composer who has worked in music ministries. This is by far my favorite album in the Christian jazz genre!!So I must say this is an exquisite collection of Christian contemporary jazz compositions. Reg uses a beautiful harmonic color palette, and it is one of the first Christian cds, I actually like.  Meaning, many other Christian cds, sound formulated, commercial, predictable or hoaky.Reid Project is extremely sophisticated, with top notch vocals!!!  Breathtaking and inspiring. I rejoice in my connection to spirit, life and the Christ Consciousness when I listen to this album, and I'm truly surprised it has not received more notice on Amazon.An exceptional group of musicians!!, inspired compositions and smooth yet emotional vocals! Beautiful!!!J. R. wrote;Lady Liberty: The Definitive Julie London HandbookandAn Historical Study of Kurt Weill's Der Silbersee: Ein Wintermarchen
He never fails to bless when you listen to him.  Buy two; you will want to give one as a gift.
Bobbie Shoemake's album,  &#34;He'll Be Enough&#34; is a true blessing and ministry to the heart and soul!  I can't wait until she produces another album!Pastor Robby Combs
I have heard Cyndi perform Live and she is amazing. I enjoyed all of the tracks on this album.  They all have a good mix, and the "tightness" of the band and vocalists is well evident.  I particularly like her rendition of "There is a God" better than any other,  including the original.  Just listen to the samples,  they speak for themselves.
Absolutely Perfect Instrumental Version of This Amazing Song! I searched high and low for an instrumental to Walk with Me Lord & Kersten nailed it! Thank you for sharing your talent with us :)
Very good singer & musictions, the songs educate or 'nudge people to wake them up spiritually'. God blesses them :-)
This is a must have for any fan of religious music. Bob Salvato will renew your faith each time you listen!
First off, I have seen The Gospelmen in Concert 3 times. They are a wonderful quartet singing some of the most beautiful harmonies I have ever heard. This album is one of their best. Not only is their music upbeat, and spirtually moving, they are very friendly, and will always stop and visit with you. Give these guys a chance to minister to you heart. They have always been a blessing to me, and I'm sure they will be a blessing to you as well.
Janice Scroggins is one the great pianists of our time, and she plays with great conviction here.  And, as a bonus, she's singing, too!  There's better than good percussion and bass backing up the voice and ivory work.  This record is advertised as an experiment of a sorts, and all the chemical, spiritual, physical and theological elements mixed into a near perfect concoction of praise.  The one curious tune added to the set list is "Summertime."
Pretty good beats and the lyrics are point on for anyone that's a Christian.  It actually funny to me because I don't listen to hip-hop or rap, because of the stereotype of being pretty negative most of the time, but not thus, it's clean, nothing to offend you, or anything of that nature.  I want my buddies to hear it to, since it has a good beat and it does actually preach to a person about the type of woman a Christian man should look for.  Praise God for not condemning the style of music, but just the heart and intentions of it.
I have this on cassette taped from vinyl.  So glad it's available here now.  It's some seriously well written Catholic music from the 70s.  Acoustic - husband, wife and guitar.  Great harmony, great themes.
Saw this artist in LA at a birthday party in Los Angeles and fell in love with his music. He is truly phenomenal and he and his horn are inseparable.
The music on this CD is absolutely beautiful!  I ordered this CD after reading the book, &#34;Kara Faye Tucker Set Free&#34; by Linda Strom.  The book has changed my life!  I saw an interview done with Karla Faye in the movie, &#34;Karla Faye Tucker Forevermore&#34; where a beautiful song was played in the background.  The song, &#34;I See Jesus in You&#34; is on this album and was written for Karla Faye by Terry Strom.  Terry is a gifted musician and says exactly what I think and feel.  There are many beautiful songs on this CD.  &#34;Storm the Gates of Heaven&#34; just brings me to tears.  He wrote this song for his father who was battling cancer at the time, and my mother also passed away from cancer.  I like the background vocals and all the other instruments too.  &#34;I Know a Father&#34; was written for his mom, Linda, who is herself an Angel on earth.  Linda walked with Karla Faye Tucker on her journey toward Heaven while Karla Faye was on Texas Death Row, or as Karla Faye called it &#34;Life Row.&#34;  &#34;What Are We Doing Here&#34; is a great song with lots of energy and reminds us that with Our Lord Jesus, we are truly set free!
I have had this CD for over a year and have listened to it many times.  Dean is a talented musician who offers songs of worship and contemplation.
Terry Davis does his best when he mixes contemporary gospel with Funk on his album "A Songwriter's Dream." This album stays positive and uplifting as Davis infuses contemporary gospel with soul, R&B, Jazz, and Funk. Many songs, like "Can't Forget The Blessings" and "Hold to His Hand (AKA Hold To God's Unchanging Hand)" features a full gospel choir, giving the whole album an accessible and encouraging feel. While Davis is flawless throughout the album, he shows his vocal prowess with the song "You Keep Giving Again" as his voice seeps gently into your soul with smooth and heartfelt tenderness. "A Songwriter's Dream" is a great contemporary album of spiritual gospel music and would be a wonderful addition to your inspirational music collection. Matt M. and the [...]
This collection of familiar praise and worship songs are soothing yet invigorating. These talented musicians exhibit their masterful skills and showcases the genius of Richard Smallwood, who surely bask in His presence.
This is the 2nd album of the three CD's the Johnsons have.  Walk On being the first and Reflections being the 3rd.  Again these amazing harmonies literally tug at my heartstrings, leaving me uplifted and almost in tears when I listen to the heartfelt lyrics and these girls' beautiful voices.  You won't be disappointed!!
One of the best Christian groups.  Their vocals are amazing in how they harmonize.  Only living together their whole lives singing together could produce music like this.  I loved it.
It has surprised me how often I've recommended this simple album since I bought it. Normally I'm into modern Christian music, but these are so classic, and done so well that I can't resist it.
Susanna's version of The Aaronic Blessing (track 1) is my favorite.  Her music is beautifully inspring and meditative.  What more could I say?
Beautiful, Susanna is an awesome inspiring musician, I hope she does more albums.
Miss Lou Jean has a beautiful soulful voice.  I was introduced to her music when I met her while waiting for my car.
Being a jazz fan I love these mp3s downloadsi have on my tablet phone and my desktop there smooth and mellow five stars all the way no doudt.
I met this young man in 2002 at the Underground in Atlanta playing his sax.  I sat there for almost an hour listening to him, I never did get any shopping done. I bought this CD and have enjoyed it until its recent demise.  His flow is smooth and easy to listen to, and very inspirational.
I Just discovered this woman and her music. She is incredible.... You dont even need to be a chistian to sit back relax and enjoy her music. You Go Girl! Hope Album number 2 is on the way.....
To see Matt sing this music is to witness a man so in love with his Savior.  This music will transport your soul into heaven!
This album is so great that every song has a way of touching your heart and spirit.  Everyone should have this album even if gospel music is not really your preference, because this album has positively changed my life in so many ways and is something anyone can relate to!
I absolutely love this album; it is an absolute blessing to my soul. The musical content Tim provides is nothing short of anointed in addition to brilliant. This is one of the finest saxophonists you will ever hear. . .past, present and future.
I am just blown away by the smooth and melodic sounds of this album. A definite for your IPOD or just driving in your car.
Meeting and getting to knoe Habib has been one of the changing aspectsof my life. When you listen to you music I think you will agree it willtouch you from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and changeyour heart.
I have memorized every song.  No matter how many times i listen, i always feel i am communing with God's Spirit
I heard this song on the Dove awards last night. I loved it so much, I had to buy it today. The chords and lyrics are a perfect fit.  I can't wait for the next 14 songs.
An annointed music minister, Robbie Cunningham treats the hymns with the respect they deserve, while making them just right for contemporary audiences. He bucks the trend of "riffing" to the point that the melodies are virtually unrecognizable.  I love his soaring harmonies, innovative arrangements and spare use of instrumentation. One may recall the great voices of Bobby McFerrin and Al Jarreau when listening.  But my heart is lifted toward heaven when I play this CD. Nana would be proud!
The Harding University Choir does an outstanding singing some favorite hymns and worship songs. I purchased it for &#34;We Gather Here&#34; and was very pleased with the rest of the album.
We enjoy acapella hymns and they sing them well!
Quiet, relaxing, uplifting songs. Most are familiar songs that have been sung in church for years which makes it easy to sing along.
I was missing this kind of music.  Great mix!  Great music!  Great message!  Magnificent!
We have always liked Harding University recordings and this one didn't disappoint us. Anyone who likes A Cappella music will like Eternal Hymns of Praise.
This group is tops for sound and talent!  Songs both old and new come alive and makethe listener's heart sing.
Absolutely beautiful. If your looking for inspirational piano music to play in the background or use as an aide to worship, and appreciate Chris Tomlin's music, this is a must have. I previewed quite a few albums on Amazon, this one is absolutely worth it.Thank You. Well done.
Beautiful, uplifting, and &#34;On the Wings of Change&#34; is the best song ever, hands down. I am so glad that Amazon had this available for download. It is not easy to find.
The incredible guitar of Pete Huttlinger combined with traditional Hymns we are familiar with makes a wonderful combination. This is an extremely satisfying album.
This is a wonderful song and Crystal Lewis' voice and range will delight you and have your spirits soaring. Buy it.
I was looking for a song to sing at Church for Easter Sunday. As I was looking to sing &#34;He's Alive&#34;, I came across this one and immediately fell in love with the message in the song. Everyone at Church loved it too!!!
I sang this is church and all thought the story it tells is strong and pertinent to living in today's world....
A very. Good uplifting and inspiring  God honoring cd that points people to our Saviorand solution to adversity is in Cbrist
Love this Praise Hymn track.. it is what I need many nights..  One of my favorites I have it on my kindle
The tracks were perfect for singing at a wedding.I would recommend the instrumental versions to other singers looking for a professional sound.
I encourage anyone looking for a backing track for "Breath Of Heaven" to get this one.....it's the best!
Great song! These are lyrics that are written from the heart of a person who has experience the faithfulness of God.
I am so excited that I got this single using my Pepsi points.  I knew one day they would come in handy.  I was more than pleased to have used the points on this single of Joel Auge.  I see this singer going places and I can happily say "I knew him when"Joel,  Keep up the good work! You are an inspiration to many.
My three/four most favorite artist. Teaching us how to witness and give testimony to others about the goodness and faithful of Jesus. Makes you think about all He has already done.
This is such an inspiring "feel good "song.I always listen to it when I need a lift.It works too! Try it for yourself.
I was very pleased with my purchase of this album.  I work at a desk where I listen to music about 90% of the time I'm there, and I have to say that I haven't grown tired of listening to this album.  I highly recommend it!
This should be advertised for all ages to help them find themselves God is good all the time God is good
The song is really beautiful and it speaks to my soul when i feel down. try it you'll like it!!
I listened to this CD for the first time and was hooked. Powerful and anointed!! I would recommend that if you are looking for music that is enjoyable but you can also feel it... this is it!
Pablo's music is beyond, beyond words....these are songs straight from the glory realm, to being healing immediatly upon listening....he is truley a gift to the world.
This  anointed song brings peace to the broken hearted.
This pianist is amazing! I love each of these songs. I listen to them while driving, doing homework, or just want to relax, meditate and be inspired.
The three albums that make up the 100 hymns are ever played through speakers at home, and on my headphones at work.  There no embellishing bass guitars or drums, only a piano and singing of the old hymns.  The once that track closest with the Word Himself.
I first heard about chip and polly rake on TBN. I was touch by there music and purchase this CD to hear there angel voices.
Keeps me singing and danceing like David did. What a blessing it has been for me.
Deep Bible-based truths applied to real life situations.  Soothing sound.  Uplifting.  God glorifying.  Hope more music is forthcoming from this artist.
Michael White's melodic  voice is truly a treasure.  Conqueror is a song that'll prepare you for the daily battles that occur in life. Love this whole project!!!!!
i must say  i love how he use melody of tv shows for some of his songs. Very good music
I was familiar with Buddy Greene through my CD's and DVD's of the Gaither's, but I had no idea just how wonderful this CD was going to be.  I LOVE IT!  In fact, I love it so much I have bought several to give as gifts!
If you enjoy God's music and the Harmonica, then this is for you. A wonderfull work. You will not be disappointed.
John Jones is an excellent singer would recommend most all of his songs he is very goodVery happy with this song
This mans wonderfully beautiful voice is truly a Blessing from God.  I am so happy this has not been kept from the rest of the world. I would love to know when and if he is going to go back to the studio and make more beautiful music.
Great old time Hymns just like we sing in Church every service. Am probably going to buy the others as well. You won't be sorry.
I discovered these sisters while surfing on the social networking site Shout Life. Jumelle, formerly known as The Johnson sisters was a group I'd never heard of, but as a fan of gospel music I decided to give it a try.What I heard were some wonderful Caribbean rhythms combined with soulful harmonic voices. The sisters Lilillita (Lynn) and Illinita (Cutie) blend their voices in perfect harmony and praise.My favorite song on this album is the title track Created to Worship. It's a slower piece that builds into an amazing worship experience.I recommend this album to anyone who is a fan of good gospel praise music.
I have always love the &#34;Johnson Sisters&#34; BKA Jumelle music! This is the most listened to album on my iTunes
The self-produced CD by Izzy James is nothing short of phenomenal. Highlighted by solid musicianship, in-the-pocket grooves, and sophisticated arrangements, A Call To Conscience, has much going for it. Add heartfelt, uplifting lyrics, and the impeccable baritone vocals of James, and you have the recipe for creative success. The opening track "It's All Right" hits with an old-fashion dirty low down 70's funk groove with horns and backing vocals reminiscent of Steely Dan or Average White Band, but James, lead vocal falls closer to the R&B; stylings of James Ingram or Luther Vandross. "Change The World" continues with themes of hope, faith and ultimately love, "Show some love to your brother and all that love will come back to you," the main message of the CD. The horn arrangements, courtesy of Noah Bless, are squeaky clean and tasty: Scott Kreitzer's sax solo on this track really shines."This Way" is a rare gem. The chromatic chordal and melodic motifs evoke classic Stevie Wonder. The lyrics continue to remind us that all you need is love, supported by a powerful vocal track--perhaps the best on the album. The piano work of Aaron Swinnerton provides sensitive and bluesy accompaniment with some outstanding playing by James on the bass as well."Fallin' Sky" throws down the funkiest groove on the album with some great guitar work compliments of Dave "Bad Ass" Snider and another sizzling horn arrangement. "Stand Up" is a catchy feel good track continuing the message of believing in yourself and featuring a smokin' sax solo by Angelo DiBraccio. "Could It Be You" is the perfect "chill out" track, highlighting the talents of jazz guitarist Chuck Loeb.In fact, from the opening track to the last ("Your Love"), this album is rock solid, beautifully produced, and an extraordinary musical treat. Highly recommended!
I first heard about them on TBN. I was really impress with there singing that I purchase the CD. Its probably one of the best of gospel music.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ON PURCHASING 'MIGHTY GOOD GOD' CD.  THIS IS THE BEST GOSPEL CD.  YOU WILL TRULY ENJOY ALL THE SONGS ON THIS CD AND TRULY BE BLESSED!!!  I TRULY AM ENJOYING ALL THE SONGS.  THE BEST CD!!!!JOANA
My family has been enjoying the REAL Christian country music, with words that are meaningful.  Would recommend this to anyone who loves country, and loves the Lord Jesus Christ!
Danny Ray hits it out of the park! He paints a musical picture of a born again believers life in this God forsaken Satanic Kingdom we will all have to live in until Jesus returns and takes possesion of his creation that he repurchased with his blood on Calvary!
I just came across this CD in 2010 although it has been out for some time. I absolutely love the sounds of Soft Spoken Prophet. Its a combination of Christian/Gospel/Hip Hop/Neo-Soul and a bit hard to describe. But I'm so glad to come across music like this were you can listen, reflect and enjoy. Unfortunately in today's society it's about sex, money and drugs...moving away from old-school values. Soft Spoken Prophet talks about everyday life situations and the praise of God, the Almighty Creator of us all.Just recently the Soft Spoken Prophet has release a mixtape (Jan 2010). Hopefully it will be for purchase on Amazon soon because it is AWESOME!!!!
I WANTED SOME OF THE BEST HYMN STANDARDS THAT HAVE BEEN AROUND WITH SOME REAL CLASSICS.THE CHOIR AND SYMPONY REALLY DELIVERED MORE THAN I EXPECTED. I ALSO DOWNLOADED THE MUSIC TO MY MP3 PLAYER, SO I CAN TAKE THE AMAZING GRACE MUSIC EVERY WHERE.I TRUELY RECOMMEND THIS CD!
I have listen to this cd for hours and have decide i have got to have it.it is a wonderful cd to add to your gospel jazz collection, i will be buy this and addingit to my collection.  EVERYTHING ON HERE IS GREAT, YOU HAVE MY WORD ON IT!!!!
The album features Leonard Jones and Suzy Wills on vocals.  It's very encouraging with songs of declaration and dedication to the Lord.  Music is top notch - as always - with more of a bend towards pop rock on the fast songs than the usual Morningstar sound.  Some beautiful worship songs mixed in as well.
Excellent worship with great musicianship.I am waiting for another album from these guys...good lyrics and this band is out of Morningstar ministries I believe.
Would recommend to anyone who likes folk/country style of worship music. I've really enjoyed it, and have used a couple of the arrangements for our church.
The music on this album is fantastic. I purchased it back in 2011, and I have listened to it nearly every day since. The variety of music, combined with the beautiful vocals, combined with the wonderful, deep songs make it worth listening to over and over and over. I wish I could say more good things about it, but there are only so many words one can use. I would recommend this album to anyone.
This is a wonderful Apostolic worship album!  The Wilbanks' love for God and the annointing really come through in each song.  You will definitely enjoy listening and worshipping to this album.
This is a lovely CD of music to listen to.  Recommend for anyone who loves piano music.
As only the bagpipes can do Amazing Grace, this is a marvelous version.  Enjoyed immensely and would highly recommend to anyone,.,
Very inspiring and uplifting. Great job to a wonderful group of dedicated Christians who sing praises to our Saviour! He truly is amazing. Buy it! You will love it!
Like the first review said, the Pettit team gets better and better every recording. I was given this CD as a gift because I didn't even know it came out yet. I love it. The Irish/Appalachian/Gospel mix on this album is pure joy to listen to. As a musician myself I understand the work it must have taken to produce this. Thank you guys!
Really enjoyed this recording -- good music, thoughtfully arranged and played. A real blessing for the whole family. I definitely recommend it.
For about 10 years now, I've been enjoying the Steve Pettit Evangelistic Team's music and it seems that each CD is better than the last. This latest release keeps that tradition going. It is great instrumental music (see their other CD's for great vocals) that includes both classic hymns and some more modern Christian songs. Thank you for finally making solid Christian music that actually sounds good and thank you for making it available on Amazon!
The Pettit team performs with such freshness and obvious wholehearted dedication to the Lord that is sure to connect with your spirit! Such a blessing!
Dr. Rev. Frank Thomas is an awesome preacher and public speaker.  This item should sell for more than $.99.  If you are not familiar with Black Preachers, please check this sermon out.
I love listening to all the songs from this album. It is spiritually inspiring and I always feel good listening to them.
I can feel power & strenth from the music and its lyrics. A very positive assurance that God's Eternal has no end. The music is beautiful and allow the listener to remember God is always there, He never leaves or abandons us. We are His treasure!Eternal God
The hardest job in the Universe is trusting, counting on God to make it right, in the face of difficult and &#34;mean&#34; time circumstances. This helps.
This CD is sheer perfection -- stark Orthodox chant, all in English,humble and beautiful.  Every time I listen to it, I feel like I amstanding in the convent for blessed Xenia's feast day.  This belovedsaint is popular for a reason.  This CD is highly recommended forall Orthodox who wish to have a special closeness to holy Xenia.
Double Edge bridges the generation gap between traditional anglican church music styling and what will get young people into church today!
I bought this for a kids program. I really like the music. It's cute, clever and just right for what we need.
well worth your money. i love the harmonica music and buddy is a true professional. Buy with confidence and be satisfied.
First time I heard Buddy was on a Youtube and was very impressed what he was capable of doing with a small musical instrument like a harmonica.That prompted me to get this CD. It is very enjoyable and good quality! Some of songs are fun to listen as well.
A few of the tracks are a bit too Southern Gospel for my taste, but overall I liked this album very much and by trying to play along, I have become a better harmonica player myself!
If you like Southern Gospel music on the harmonica, this is for you.  Buddy Green is an extremely talented musician.  His album is a treasure and a definite blessing from above.
Dare to Believe is a inspiring CD. Charlie and Jill LeBlanc are great music artists. They inspire you to Dare to Believe!I would recommend this CD for everyone. In fact I am getting it for my grown kids. Awesome, Awesome.
This is absolutely one of the best albums I have ever heard. It is very upbeat, very spiritual rock & roll. It makes you want to dance and/or clap your hands & move your body. The lyrics on most songs go above and beyond other spiritual songs I have heard. This gets an A+++ from me.
This young woman has a gorgeous deep mezzo soprano voice. I have heard her sing many times. I am an aging mezzo soloist with a similar voice quality, so I can really appreciate what she does. Amy serves as an inspiration to me, and I use numbers on this recording as warm-ups. As a listener, I admire her interpretation and control of the instrument that God has given her. Cudos Amy and thanks so much for making this recording.
the song "bottle of tears" has an indescribable charm,it's among the all-time great black gospel songs.it leaves one despirate to hear what else this group did.  it can be heard in its origional 6 minute plus version on kevin nutt's "sinners crossroads" webcite, the feb 12, 2007 podcast. that version is off a 1975 chapel lp that appears to have totally vanished, even from web mention. the version here is 4'52 and missing the heart of the song. the internet is silent about this 2007 cd and im too cheap to spring for $20 for a speculative pig in a poke.  where is the chapel lp?
I had listened to the &#34;Johnson Sisters&#34; since I was about 12 and once I came to the US a friend borrowed the music I had from them but I never got it back. Lo and behold I searched for years and then found this. It was the happiest day of my life. I just wish the song &#34;Midnight Cry&#34; was also on this compilation as it was one of my favorites
I cannot stop listening to this CD. The music is uplifting and you cannot help feeling good after listening. I keep it in the car so I can enjoy beautiful music on the road.
Cantor Erik Contzius has captured the flavor and richness of our musical heritage. His music is wonderful and a real treat for the Jewish communities of today.
Really awesome cd!!! I listen to it in the morning.  You don't really have to understand the words to enjoy the outstanding singing and the music. The cd helps set the right tone for the entire day.  I recommend it heartily to everyone!
I have this album, as well as Jason's first one.  I play them both all the time, but this one's the best.  My Chains Are Gone and Grace Greater than Our Sin are absolutely beautiful.  This young singer is the product of a rape.  Thank God his mother didn't abort him!
The quality of the chanting is very-good-to-excellent & the sound quality is good, though I can't comment for the people with super hi-fi systems. All chants are in Greek. I have not been disappointed with 1 line of the Byzantine Music of the Orthodox Church albums I have purchased so far.
This is a highly anointed CD I use it for devotions and it touches my heart everytime.  Josef is a hidden jewel that needs to shine and a blessing for the Kingdom.
MR. Del go hard. Period Point Blank. This album is awesome and crunk. It makes you wanna get up and just move.
I would like to say that your cd is a blessed one for me. your songs rally hit home. We all really do need another belssing, right now. I listen to your music on my radio station here in Alexandria, Louisiana on 88.1 and there is a song that they play that i cant find on the internet. On the other side of the grave. or is there another title. I have been trying to get this C.D for the last two months. but the (devil is a liar) i am going to keep on trying til i get it. I just want to say thank you for your encouraging words of music and if anyone could e-mail me are call and let me know where i can get that cd i would really appeicate it.once again Thank You. carrob1692@aol.com or (318) 446-0695  Mrs. Carolyn Roberts
This Cd is a modern continuation of The Great Blind Willie johnson's Music. Rev. KM Williams updates the music without losing the original spiritual feel and intensity of the music. A modern Gospel Blues classic!
David and the Giants were a great Christian band from the 80's and 90's.  I remember watching an interview on TBN once when David Huff explained that they had been a secular rock band in the 60's and 70's.  They all experienced Christian conversions and decided to go into CCM and keep the name.  Keith Thibideaux was the drummer.  He was best known as Little Ricky from I Love Lucy and Johnny Paul from The Andy Griffith Show.  My three favorite songs are "Here's my heart", "Heavenly Love", and "Show them the light".  I can listen to these songs over and over again.  If you like soft Christian rock you can't go wrong here.
David and the Giants have a great sound. Always and Here's My Heart remind me of their 1960s hits Super Love and Ten Miles High. They've had a long musical life. I think you'll enjoy their songs.
This CD is awesome!! I am really into the neo-soul-gospel and not only does she provide this on this CD, but she also brings it home with some true gospel! This CD is truly one to get!!Lakeysha
Jon Owens is a wonderful musician and the CD is awesome. He loves the Lord and it comes through in his worship!
My favorite is "Fire Burns" - but every song here is going to get stuck in your head, in a good way!  You'll find yourself moved to worship just by remembering the song!
I loved every single song on this CD. I can't wait for the next one to come out..
I love the old hymn-tunes, but I love them in non-smarmy versions. This CD is absolutely lovely - solo violin (fiddle really) and guitar in peaceful, joyful, respectful interpretations of classic hymn tunes. There are no words - you do not have to be Christian to enjoy this music. It is music to calm and inspire, without being insipid.
This is gospel music at it's best! I love the songs & artists. What a deal, great price for this collection.
This album is a good mix of many different groups & songs.  I would recommend it for extra listening enjoyment.
Had this CD years ago and it was stolen from my car along with all other music. The CCM being played today can't hold a candle to this beautiful musical offering. Clay Crosse is amazing.
I was in the choir on this CD and LOVED it!  The Spirit of God was so strong on all of us and it comes through in the music!
I love Jim Nabors gospel songs. He has such a great voice andsings from the heart, but you can't find them in stores.I was so glad to find them here.
I love disciple!!! I have actually met them once myself and they are an amazing group of people!!! Check them out!!! :)
every single song is a true and beautiful blessing to listen to and praise Him our creator and our Savior.
This is an awesome song!! It is a great song, by a good band, for an awesome price. So, what are you waiting for.
I just saw the album for $5.00 and sampled it and bought it...What a treasure! And I know that when some of these guys were younger they got into their daddy's Beatle albums!This CD is sweet and has something to say...I was getting soooooo tired of christian bands who sounded all the same...but theses guys, aaaaaaaah, a breath of fresh air!I am now a Swift fan!...BUY THIS CD!
This is one of the best worship albums I've ever heard.  If this doesn't touch your heart, it will be hard to find something that will.  We use this and other CD's from Paul Baloche for worship in our church which is where I learned about him.  This is sooo worth the money!
Very calming and relaxing. A perfect cd to sleep to (for adults or kids) or just to unwind.
Love it! Told my family and friends immediately to look this up on Amazon and purchase it. Apostolic will love it.
Beautiful Ikaros!!! I want to take the opportunity to recommend to people who love this music the following CD: La Aurora: Icaros From the Amazon ( http://www.amazon.com/Aurora-Icaros-Amazon/dp/B00177BY5U )I experienced the artist of this CD 5 times. Her music is magical and offers you the healing and spirit of the amazon!!!
Thank goodness this is on my iPod and not on tape like the old days because it would be worn out for now. If you are looking for ceremonial ikaros to move your soul, congratulations, you've found them. I only wish I had purchased the CD (been a little more patient) instead of MP3s because I didn't realize at the time that translations and lyrics are included with the CD!
So traditional, so perfect. Exactly the songs I remember from the ceremonies I've attended. I love these icaros so much, they set my heart at ease.
This is authentic ayahuasca music, and it will guide and protect you on your own journey. Highly recommended for ceremonies or just getting in touch with the Spirit of the Forest.
Stressed out?  This will calm you down.  Need to relax?  Can't sleep?  Insomnia?  Anxiety?  No problem.  Schizoaffective? Bipolar? Depressed?  Download this MP3.  Mary Blair Dodds  email blair@MoonValleyJewelry.com  "Schizoaffective: A Happier and Healthier Life" by Mary Blair Dodds.
If ever there was a group that homogenized the turmoil in the middle east, this is it. Sheva is so talented and so diverse and such a redeeming factor in life and war and peace. If only music could govern us, we would be a far better off world. And then again who am I to judge. Shalom.
This song is one of the few that makes me think of the years we have worked towards helping our son with autism. I know awareness is key, because most treatments aren't covered by insurance.It's always a struggle. Always a fight.Nice to just have some support sometimes even if it comes in the way of a song
This album brings my spirit to a place of prayer and meditation like few I have ever had. It is my very favorite record. I cannot recommend it enough, get this hidden gem of an album.
all of the songs on this album remind me of old friends.  I have listened to them over and over since purchasing.  I'm so glad I bought it.
My friend introduced me to Doug Burr one day, rather casually. Now I know that there should have been a drumroll with a fanfare or something, considering how incredible a musician Doug Burr is. In minutes flat he became my very favorite musician. I had never considered having a single favorite musician before. Or a favorite album. On Promenade is perhaps the single most ingenious work of music by any modern singer/songwriter. You must buy this album and try it out. You will be very happy that you did.
Though he recorded and released this album in 2007, it was 2009 when I discovered a singer/songwriter named Doug Burr. My friend Tyler recommended On Promenade to me, and in glowing terms, explained how important it was to him personally. I trust his tastes, and decided to give the album a spin for myself. My memory of it is unusually clear. It was a slightly chilly night, and it was very late, perhaps 2:00 in the morning. Normally, when I listen to music, I listen in conjunction with some other activity; nothing requiring too much of my attention, but something to keep me busy while absorbing the sounds. This time was different. I turned off the light, so that the only illumination came from the glow of my computer screen, put on my headphones, clicked play, and leaned back in my chair. I closed my eyes and just let the music wash over me.Forty-three minutes later, I opened my eyes. It was a surreal transition back into reality, like gradually waking from a dream. I was completely blown away, and I immediately started the album over from the beginning again. It's very rare that I have this kind of reaction. There are a great many albums that have serious personal significance for me, and that I love deeply, but I don't think I can remember any other piece of music ever affecting me so viscerally on first listen.The roots of influence run deep. One can find elements of almost every style of traditional American music here, along with unmistakably modern ideas. Echoes of Bonnie 'Prince' Billy circa I See A Darkness can be clearly identified in Burr's melodies, lyrics, and performance style, but this album is undeniably its own entity. A blending of Southern gothic folk with alternative country and elements of shoegaze, the aesthetic of On Promenade is grounded in Burr's knock-you-flat-stunning songwriting and evocative voice. A sense of weariness and melancholy laced with unbreakable resolve echoes in the space between every note, and the sounds range from the ethereal to the apocalyptic, from the pensive to the majestic. These songs feel lived-in and worn and yet ageless, as if they've always existed, waiting in the mantle of the earth for some musician to dig deep enough to discover them. A certain faith and conviction fuels Burr's writing and performance, but his songs are separate from it despite drawing energy from it.This is an album meant to be heard as a piece, and every element is beautifully realized and considered. The ebb and flow and cohesion of these 11 songs is absolutely flawless. Burr is clearly a musician with a keen understanding of the album as a format. Most artists use records as boxes to put songs in; Burr uses single tracks as brushstrokes, and while each is individually beautiful, the complete image is something indescribably powerful. This is not to say that On Promenade is a concept album in any traditional sense; but it has a definite intent, and Burr's sense of tone, timing and structure are matched only by his emotional expression. I find it impossible to pick out highlights or favorite tracks, because it feels somehow wrong to isolate any part of the whole from any other. Every song is a standout.On Promenade has three distinct parts. There are four songs on either side of the album, separated by a suite of three songs that flow into one another and serve as the centerpiece of the album both literally and figuratively. How Can The Lark (My Dear Theo)'s hopeful-but-uncertain nervous energy leads directly into the dark, despairing longing of Should've Known. These two Van Gogh-themed tracks then explode into In The Garden's raw, driving, desperate cry that feels like the universe bursting and birthing itself anew. The whole album seems to play host to a recurring theme of loss, acceptance, and rebuilding amidst the ruins.When I came to On Promenade, I was in the midst of an immense personal crisis, and I had yet to crawl out of my own mound of phoenix feather ashes. I'd gone through a loss on a scale that cut my legs out from under me for a while, and I hadn't even managed to fully assess the damage, let alone started to rebuild. Perhaps that's one reason I connected to this album so strongly and so quickly, but I think that's only one part of the picture. I've long since healed from those wounds, and yet I continue to return to On Promenade. After hundreds of spins, it's just as beautiful and brilliant and affecting with every listen.Doug Burr is a songwriter destined to be remembered as one of the greatest, and yet he remains largely unknown. Help remedy that. Buy a copy of this album, and of its equally powerful and beautiful follow-up O Ye Devastator. Listen to the music. Tell all your friends. You won't regret it.
Beautiful melodies and moving, sometimes sad lyrics make this on of my favorite albums. There are no gimmicks here...just great song-writing, good production, and instrumentation that compliments every song. Some of my favorite songs: Graniteville, How Can the Lark, and Always Travel Light. If you like folk music and good songwriting, buy it.
as beautiful as the lilies of the sangre de cristo mountains and about as close of a stroll you can get without going there
This is simply brilliant music.  Superb songwriting with deep, stirring vocals and carefully crafted instrumentation.  If you enjoy this genre of music, this album cannot be missed.  It hasn't left the player this year and I doubt it will any time soon.
We actually bought this product for our grand-daughter.  She absolutely loves it!  She said it was just what she wanted.  The product arrived early & the quality is great!
One of my favorite Christian music records. It really has a broad range of sounds and the lyrics are very good. Many of the songs are easily sung in church.
This is an especially encouraging and uplifting album. I often listen to it when I am discouraged and it reminds me of the truth of God's Word.
During a recent hospitalization, where a probable diagnosis was cancer, God was so gracious to guard my heart with the truth of the gospel his Sovereign control mixed with his self-giving love. Come Weary Saints was a cd played near constantly when I was praying. When I had no words to pray and could not focus long enough to read (drugs), the powerful words of God's comfort in trial found in Come Weary Saints was used to deliver the truth of God's Word to me in a time of great need. Going into my bone marrow biopsy, my heart and mind guarded by peace in Christ Jesus (Phil 4:6-7), I enjoyed the truth "So I Will Trust in You." Took my headphones off and fell asleep while awaiting my procedure. I praise God for this cd and recommend it every chance I get.
The songs on this album are so powerful in their message to a weary soul.  The songs remind one of whose we are and that this earth is not our final abode.
I have been so repeatedly blessed by the theologically rich and true lyrics and melodies of this CD.  There have been so many times when I was struggling that God used this album to encourage my struggling heart and remind me of the all-encompassing power of the gospel and the sovereign God who ordains all things.  Check it out- it is a worthy download.
I had some older SG CDs that a friend had given me and wanted to add to my collection. "Come Weary Saints" is another wonderfully Christ-centered worship collection.
I had heard several tracks on Pandora during a difficult phase and realized immediately that their message and talent were healing for my soul.  I knew this album would be special, and it is!Unlike most albums, each track flows from one theme; in this case the message is meant to bring encouragment and hope.  Great project!
Mike's CD has come to me by accident, and what a great suprize. Like a breathe of fresh air among the "sound-the-same" CCM market artists out there, this Christian Country artist is going to be a favorite of mine as long as he makes music.I really wish Christian Country was more of genre than there is currently. I am not talking about Artists who sing about drinkin' and havin' a good time with the opposite sex on one Cd,  then next, come out with a Inspirational Hymn Release right after it. I mean I want, honest, sold out believers who are talented, and write music because they feel God moving them too. Too many mixed messages among Country Music as a whole today. It seems some are afraid to give up their secular standing as they might lose sales which is only comprising their faith.Sorry for the soap box moment in a review - Mike Rimmey is the real deal and it worth every penny. I look forward to more of his music and heart.
Indelible Grace, Red Mountain Music, Sojourn and many, many other musicians have embarked on projects very similar to this with varying levels of success.  All taking theologically solid lyrics - and Wesley is pretty solid!! - and experimenting with melodies and arrangements.  This is the effort of faculty and students at Asbury Theological Seminary.  Not all of the selections work (for me), and these are not professional musicians.  However, these folks put a lot of thought and care into preserving Wesley's intent - some blues, some praise, some astonishment at God's love, the Grace of Jesus and the care of the Holy Ghost.  I'd like to hear more from these folks - there's a whole lot more Wesley to explore!
I met Wayra in Huntsville Alabama at Limestone Flee Market. His collection of item caught my attention. He and I talked about his collection of item he had for sell. I was impressed with the fact that he was very fimiliar with his products and was actually playing the instrutments along with the sougs. Well, that day I bought two CDs, could not wait to enjoy them.I actually gave away one to a good friend of mine and he loved it. Wayra, I have been playing your CDs everyday since the first day I purchased them. I had one put on a cassette, but I play it so much it got caught up in the player and ripped apart. I got to order another, because I have a family reunion coming up June 14 thru 17 and was practicing a dance from one of the songs on 'Voices of the Wind'. I also bought 'Spirit Flute' both are outstanding CDs. My dad's Mother family is full Cherokee. She died of child birth when he was five year old and I will present this dance to him at our family reunion taking place in Pompono Beach, FL. He is gonna be surprized. May God bless you to keep making wonderful music my brother and friend.
Well, let mine be the second...this is a terribly underrated CD.I am a massage therapist and have played this CD in my sessions for years.I love it and my clients do as well.It is soothing and peaceful inducing beautiful visions as the haunting notes float through the air.It helps to create a relaxing atmosphere for both me and my clients.
Rabbi Goldberger's range, tone, pitch, and passion in his voice rings true in all his compositions and arrangements. My favorite, the title song, of course, brings chills of childhood memories and future adventures. He lilts and chants so hauntingly beautiful. I've heard the song done 100's of ways. This is my favorite. It compels me to dance, to sing, to cry. It is so Shabbos!! Both versions.The Rabbi's presence is always present in each track. I brought the CD to Israel and played it on our tour bus as we rolled through the Galilee, the northern border, the sands leading to Masada by the Dead Sea, the winding streets of Jerusalem .....everywhere!! Each song carried the Rabbi on it's shoulders experiencing paradise through my eyes and ears. They filled a longing, an emptiness that some will know as I do. Join me in the enjoyment and love of Lecha Dodi
This was just what I was looking for. Not only does it have the songs/prayer but it lets you know what you are saying. The translation is in such a way that it should help you in learning the songs and actually being able to use them in a lodge. Thank you Jerome Kills Small.
I had this CD and it disappeared after several moves so it was a great relief to have it again in my collection.  It is an awesome collection of Inipi songs.
And a great bio - check out their website for an interesting so-far life story.  Unusual voice lends itself to great lyrics and very interesting arrangements.  Highly recommended.
Ray walker a former member of the jordanaires now helps congregations as well as other artist bring together the beauty and felowwship experienced in what is called congregational singing and music. work with such has done many cds with the choirs from Abilene christian  and Hardin. This wonderful cd collection comes from a celebration of the the life and ministry of Teddlie. Teddlie went to be with the Lord in 1987 and here we can hear not only him but also another close member who past  away during the production of this cd james  sorrellis. I own many of walkers cds of congregational music. His Dallas christian concert choir was a 300 member group formed to produce many of his cds  [...]  1200 tended this celebration at prestoncrest church of christ that day..a  treasure to have as we hear of this great composer of hundreds of hymns Teddlie wrote. He will be missed as many writers of modern worship hymns dont write for congregational worship and styles familiar to us who are 40 years or older who were raised up reading music from hymnals and singing acappella That is without any piano or other instrument help  exception of a pitch pipe. so if you miss that music in your sunday am worship experience like i do than checkout this cd and ray walkers other cds of congregations together in one place for recording hymns that were song by many congregations in years past.i too miss seeing the shape notes and open hymnals. like cursive writing so has sight reading and congregational style music Bill Gaither Homecoming comes close but they use piano and instruments often. I listen to them too. i need to update this as this collection cd was published in 2005 this recording and celebration was in 1985 . i misread  this as i read more about him passing was 1987 at 102. for more bio of teddlie a brief summary is here [...] so again this cd is a great recording from a 100th bday celebration in 1985. Fanny Crosby, and Anne Steele (Theodosia) (1716-1779)The disabled woman who became "by far the most gifted Baptist hymn writer" of her day are a wme who share among the hall of fame for the women who contributed as well.
Peaceful meditational music.  Scott Soper, one of my favorites.  These are some of the songs you may hear in church and may help you with your devotionals.
This is a CD that takes one back to a time when the old hymns were sung in churches with the 4 part harmony and no musical instruments.  I love to listen to these hymns as they have such an inspirational and uplifting message.  These old hymns have many Christian lessons for living the Godly life.  The Dallas Christian Adult Choir have an exceptionally good quality in their presentation and quality of music.  I love this CD and will buy more from them in the future.
Such beautiful, soothing music.  I love every hymn on there and the Dallas Christian Adult Concert Choir is absolutely magnificent!
One can hardly pass up this beautiful track for $.99!  It transports me to a relaxing, ancient world... This music is very peaceful, and it soothingly lingers with me long after I stop listening to it.One Caveat: There are a few &#34;glitches&#34; or &#34;pops&#34; in the MP3 version I downloaded (again, only a few--not enough to detract from the listening experience).  Does anyone know how to alert Amazon of this?  I suspect they just have a bad copy.
it was so in expensive and a lot longer that I thought it would be.Love it it helps me relax before going to sleep.
It is THE soothing music that I was looking for...I've been playing it on my iTune for the last 2 hours and I'm not tired yet!BTW, you can watch this beautiful video about her work: [...]
This album is exactly what I was looking for. It's a gift for my mother who loves the traditional hymns sung accapello. Beautiful sounding choir!
EXCELLENT! These old hymns are sung as they were written and as we remember them. Anything done by the Harding University Concert Choir is first class.
A wonderful collection of gospel standards. The acapella vocals only make the performance that much better. Long playing uplifting and soothing to ones soul. Not drowned out by musical insturmentation.
Good music has no need for review.This is my 3 download from these singers and it is inspiring, and pleasant.
very clear with the words and the background music is superb. Recommend it to those who enjoy Christian music. Price is ok as well.
Its a beautiful song and she puts her heart and soul in it. You can't help but get emotional when you here her sing.
You won't find a better all male chorus than the Vocal Majority.  This CD is so inspiring.  Every song is top notch and sung to perfection.  Another one of their religious CD's, How Sweet the Sound, is also fantastic.  You can't go wrong purchasing this!
Their sound is rich and mellow - they are fabulous and I'm going to purchase more.  Great music. Get yours.
If you like good choral music, you'll love this one Good choice of songs and great harmony. Good recording quality too.
The Vocal Majority is the best all male chorus around.  This CD is very inspiring.  The songs are all sung to perfection, as one would expect from the VM.  Another great religious CD by them is You Raise Me Up.  You can't go wrong with either of these CD's.
After this album, I bought everything The Vocal Majority published except Christmas stuff, which I find too common.  These guys are so precise and do all the familiar arrangements and harmonies.  The only album they did that I found questionable was with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.  The mushiness of MTC overpowered The Vocal Majority's perfection.
I like good Harmony. Old inspirational songs and a good value at the download purchase price. I would recommend it for everyone.
Pastor Kevin Click has a gift from God.  His gift is so awesomeTo be able to hear my favorite ones is truly a gift from God
I use this whenever I have any difficulty falling asleep and I sleep deeply and a full 8 hours afterwards.  I have also found that I need it less now.  I have trouble sleeping on planes and used it on an eight hour flight and got the sleep I needed!  Nice voice, I like the background sound choices.
Robin Carnes demonstrates, again,that she has a talent for helping people reach a calm, relaxed and healing state of mind with her voice and clear direction. (See my review of her first CD/Mp3, Yoga Nidra.)This title uses healing sounds to enhance the body's natural ability to heal itself.  AND IT WORKS!!!  I have used this to help with headaches, digestive problems and just to enhance the health of my body.  You don't need any previous experience with Yoga Nidra to benefit from or follow the instructions.  I know, however, that once you use this guided meditation you will be curious and search for more resources.I have found Yoga Nidra, generally, and this meditation with healing sounds, in particular to be a great help in enhancing my health, vitality and sense of connectedness with the world.
LOL. Norwegian Metal GOD Jorn Lande does lead vocals on &#34;LeFreak&#34;.....i kid you not. Worth .99 cents easy for JORN collectors.
A man with a great country voice, his guitar, and a great song about forever love. Joe Sins takes us back to country basics in a most enjoyable way on "Don't Cha Know". His rich country vocals are genuinely country. Nobody can sing a love song like Joe Sins.More info on Joe Sins:What his Peers are saying:"I have been blessed to be around just about everyone in this business who has ever succeeded in making a big name for themselves, and Joe will be the next!""When I first met Joe Sins in the desert town of Pioneertown, Ca several years ago, I knew he had what it takes to make it in this business, T&T; (Talent and Tenacity). I am pleased and proud of him as I watch his abilities unfold. I GUARANTEE YOU, HE WILL BE A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH IN OUR INDUSTRY""Joe Sins is a breath of fresh air, in an otherwise stale market! His rich vocals keep it country!""Joe Sins is the real deal, and I am going to make a bold prediction.....Joe Sins is going to be the next big superstar in this town, and he has the full support of NSAI behind him, What a Talented Singer and Songwriter!""Finally someone with real talent, Joe Sins is a hard working singer, and has a believability about his voice that is rare.""I witnessed Joe Sins perform for the 1st time at the broken spoke, he mixes raw energy with an honest southern california influence. Finally, a REAL ARTIST! His writing not only relates to todays youth, but will appeal to all genres and all ages""Joe Sins is a cutting edge singer/songwriter, with a great sense of melody. he definately has a future in Nashville, and is someone to PAY ATTENTION TO!""I've known Joe Sins since he moved to town, and I have enjoyed watching him grow into a great singer and songwriter. He is living proof of what amazing talent and hard work can do"If anyone deserves a record deal in this town, it is Joe Sins. True talent always finds a way."Man, You can sing son!""Get me that Joe Sins C.D, I like his music!"He has performed with Johnny Lee (Looking for Love), Vern Gosdin (Chiseled in stone, Do you believe me now, Set em up Joe, I can tell by the way you dance), Cracker (Platinum selling  album, Kerosene Hat), Eric Burdon lead singer of "The animals", Dick Dale (King of Surf Guitar) Victoria Williams , Jim Lauderdale, even the late, great Gene Autry.He was invited to sing at the opening of Mad Dog Records, opening for Dwight Yoakum that night, and has won uncountable Nashville talent competitions, one with over 3000 contestants in it.What his fans are saying:"Joe Sins is the hottest artist to hit the streets of music row in ages.""I love all of Joe's song they are refreshing...""Great music!""Joe Sins rocks it when it comes to song delivery.""I just really enjoy listening to Joe's music""Joe is an awesome singer his voice is so freakin sexy and he's just sexy and his songs are great!""Wow! I am impressed!""you're better than anyone I hear on the radio these days!""Joe has such a sexy voice""Lyrics are important to me and Joe Sins seems to have some well developed skills in that department.  His voice is smooth and easy to listen to and his talent as a musician is outstanding."
Fantastic music I love listening too Mr. Sapp sing BEAUTIFUL voice. I recommend this cd too everybody too hear. Thank you.
This amazing song "never would have made it" speaks to my soul, my spirit soars, my heart is uplifted, for ITruly know God's loves me. i am still here by the grace of God!
I love gospel music and Marvin Sapp is one of my favorites. This song is very uplifting, soothing and peaceful.
I think this is one of the best gospel songs of the decade because everybody can see themselves in the song.
Just going through life and I never would have make it without faith and believing in God and know that he brought me through.
I listen to this song on my mp3 when I'm working out, reading a book and or driving to my destination.
I love this song!!!!! I played this song daily for so long. I loved having it on my kindle for days when I didn't have my phone or computer :-)
This song is inspirational.  It's a reminder of how much we've progressed when we were convinced we couldn't.  It tell us how that was possible.
i look forward to the testimonies and song marvin sapp produce.  never would have made it became the testimony of a lot of people.  if you are a christian and have gone through some trials and tribulation in your life and came thru it it was no one but God who brought you through it.
I've gone thru twenty eight rounds of radiation and chemotherapy.  I've had five surgeries, then had to go thru six months of chemotherapy. Last year Feb.9th 2012 on my birthday I had surgery number six. All of this was due to being diagnosed with colon rectum cancer at the age of 42. God had already told me that I was healed by his stripes. Rev. Sapp's song confirmed what God had whispered to me, I never would have made it without him.  His single is inspirational, personal, hopeful and filled with God's mighty presence.
My son wanted this cd and he loves it.  He is a huge TAN fan. Love is Here is awesome.
You cannot go wrong when you are putting God's Word to music.  This makes memorizing Scripture as easy as breathing... I want more!  Well done.  I've bought it three times now to share with friends.  It is an edifying gift and a portable sanctuary for me.
This album is a prime example of an album that fulfills SGM's goal of "Christ-exalting lyrics." (I am positive that every other album is, as well; it's just that I only own two of them. I really should own more...) SGM's tagline to this album states that the songs are "modern interpretations." Don't be put off by this-"interpretations" here is not an bad buzz word that means they changed the meanings of the songs. It merely means that SGM set the psalmists' words to what they think is suitable music for the content.If you visit the album's page, you will find that you can download the guitar charts or the lyrics (which, along with the lead sheets and even piano scores are completely free on their website). Do so and you will find the number of the psalm from which the lyrics were taken. (I'm sure the same thing is in the booklet included in the cover of the CD, but I don't have the physical copy with me, so I can't be sure.) SGM is quite serious when they call this album "Psalms." They want you to know that the meanings, and often times the exact language, of the Psalms is used in this album. I appreciate not only the fact that they include the psalm numbers, which to me indicates a desire to be accountable for their lyrics, but the fact that they produced an album of worship songs adapted from one of the greatest musical worshipers of all times.Which brings me, as I believe it always will with SGM, to rich lyrical content. The psalms are rich, not only in diction and imagery, but in theology. It makes a lot of sense to me to create modern musical adaptation from these passages which were once set to music. This is not an album of weak or poor theology. A quick look at song titles, such as "God Is Our Refuge" and "Glorious and Mighty," reveal that the album rightly places emphasis on God and His work and not on man. Even in a song called "I Want to be Where You Are," the song speaks of wanting to be with God because of how good He is.Of note also is the fact that SGM does not fail to include praise for God's work in the gospel. They understand that the gospel is the thing upon which our lives are built. It is the reason we are able to praise God and to think of Him as a "refuge," or that He is "greater than we can imagine."We are all sinners. God required us to be perfect as He is perfect, a requirement He had every right to make as the One who made us. But everyone of us has failed to obey God's commands; we have all failed to live according to His standards. As such, He has every right to punish us by sending us to Hell for eternity.But God, in His great love and mercy, sent His Son to earth. Jesus, the Son, lived a perfect life, fulfilling all of God's laws. In His great love and mercy, God punished Jesus for all of our sins. Jesus was crucified, having done no wrong, in order that we might be seen as innocent and righteous. For those that believe this, for those that accept it and thank God for the sacrifice of His Son, this is the greatest thing of our lives. I think Sovereign Grace Music is right to make this the centerpiece of their worship songs and I thank them for it. It is a joy to be able to sing with fellow believers about God's overwhelming love as demonstrated in the cross.In short, the lyrical content is rich. I haven't talked much about the music at all, but it is unique and catchy and very suited for corporate worship. Neither of these elements leaves me wanting much at all (and what little it does, I find in their other albums). I highly recommend this album for listening and for corporate worship.
I bought this to play at my ordination.  It is a perfect mix of truly worshipful music from the psalms
Some of the best music I have heard. Follows the book very carefully and puts music to all the songs the good shepherd sings, and much afraid sing.
Despite being a long time meditator  and doing yoga, I am amazed at the intense state of relaxation and peace that comes from Robin Carnes' Yoga Nidra.  Her version is clean and simple.  There is no music/sounds to distract.  Her timing of suggestions is good.  There is a short (24 minutes) and a longer (44 minutes) version.  The longer one is not a repeat of the first. It is unique.  I use them regularly.  Lastly for $.99 or $2.99, it's hard to go wrong.
For wife and she loves it. She listens to it to relax and even to help her go to sleep
Robin Carnes has done an excellent job of making Yoga Nidra a welcome addition to my daily meditation routine.  Her direction and calm voice make for a deeply meditative experience.  Instructions are clear, concise and understandable.  Her demeanor and description assure the user that "you cannot do this wrong."  Relaxing, refreshing with an enhanced awareness of self and the world around me are all great outcomes from listening to this guided meditation.Even with 1 use I noticed the effects.  My wife, who is classically suspicious of this type of material, also has reported benefits from just one use.  She has since made it part of her regular stress management regimen.
Excellent! Love Robin's voice and guidance into peace. Don't hesitate to get this yoga nidra even if you have others.
Wonderful! I listen to this every night before bed and it relaxes my mind strait away. I love it very much!
Robin Carnes's voice is very soothing and the whole experience is relaxing and refreshing. Both sessions of Yoga Nidra start out with rotation of consciousness through the body, then each continue on, building awareness through breath, guided imagery and other deep relaxation methods. I highly recommend this CD. If you want to read more about how I have used this CD visit [...].
For practicioners of nidra meditation methods this is a positive product. Nidra is a voice guided meditation and good for beginners that have not experienced meditative states and probably one of the most practical forms of meditation to use. Robin Carnes voice is a firm but gentle guide through the process. I downloaded the product on my Kindle and now take it with me everywhere. It's a good way to keep your meditation practice regular since you can do it at bedtime, and generally speaking nidra is a meditation intended to be practiced lying down. Includes a practical overview and two forms, one 25 minutes long and one 42 minutes long. Great product, excellent price. Learning meditation is a gift that is for all practical purposes -- nearly free --- but a priceless tool to use for good health.
This was my 2nd purchase of this CD.  The writing and the message is clear.  The music sounds great.  The songs are anointed and you feel something when listening to the music.  There is something for everyone....a little old school and some new school sounds.  This is a great gospel CD.
I love every song on this cd.  The cd is really inspiring.  I love how he has put stories from the bible into his music.
I found this album all around to be a very solid delivery of praise and worship. There are a number of songs which caught my heart and tugged at me deeply. Among them, to me 3 songs stand out as amazing songs:&#34;You Are Worthy&#34;Although this was a cover done previously by Ross Parsley, I loved Bob's version of this song. Its dynamic and upbeat feel made it very lively and allowed me to really focus on God&#34;Your Love is Better than Life&#34;I found this song to be catchy, simple and purely praise worthy. You can just sing along and worship as the words are simple - sometimes all you need is simple words to capture the heart of a Mighty and Loving God&#34;I am held by Your Love&#34;I found this song to be a winner among all the other songs in the album. This song really tugged at my heart and I found myself playing it over and over again as I pondered on the simple yet meaningful words. We often forget how amazing God is and how much he loves us and I feel this song just covers that in an intimate way.
Very fast shipping, just as described!!!! Very inspirational and I listen to it often and share with friends. 5 stars and love it, thank you!!!!
Great album. Very glad I got it. Its a standard part of my workout music motivation! These songs get you moving and keep you moving! They have some mellow melodies over dance beats that offer a nice combo... I am glad I got it! Will get number 2!Love in Christ all!
I'm new to music downloading, so I've made some mistakes.  Not this time.  This is one purchase that is worth every cent.  I use this DVD to get me walking around the track.  Keeps my feet, spirit, and heart moving for the entire way.  I love it!  The sound is church music, meets house music, meets exercise music.  Just perfect!  I'm going to purchase the second volume, as well.
I have had this CD for years and have enjoyed it time and time again. Bob Fitts' songs have been a source of strength for me. I have seen him in concert twice in the Northeast and he NEVER disappoints. A terrific CD. . .an amazing man!
It's beautiful----the sound is great. I would recommend it to everyone I know who love gospel music.I wish you would put this on cd for all who love gospel music.
This is my most favorite CD to induce a happy and loving state of mind. If I ever want to be in love with the world and myself, I play this.  I give it to everyone I love and they in turn fall in love with it.  I highly recommend it.
I love the music and the voice is mesmerizing! Listen to it in my car all the time! Wonderful CD!
The Singing Sergeants are absolutely amazing! This group is referenced around the world and this album is an excellent example why. Clearly they are all well trained, but the beauty of this ensemble goes beyond that. There is something very distinct in the musicianship and the way they come together to create such beautiful melodies. Their version of "How Can I Keep From Singing" is lovely. It is reminiscent of the church music I grew up with. All of the songs are so wonderful that I am sure anyone would be pleased with their purchase.
If you are a fan of a different number of genres mixed together with a classic tone to form a new sound, this album is for you.It takes the influence the old groove of Led Zeppelin and mixes it with Stone Temple Pilots.It takes Journey and adds Smashing Pumpkins.It takes Soul Asylum and infuses a gospel flair.It mixes the influence of a good southern stomp with Alice in Chains.It's labeled as a sort of 'church based' music, but it's more like the rock you would hear on Classic or alternative stations, with a positive message. Check it out,  you won't be disappointed. Spread the word that this band is awesome!
Combining an ear for Nick Drake's arrangements with a vocal style hinting at Richard Thompson, this British singer- songwriter has succeeded in skilfully remodelling Wesley's finest words against the backdrop of completely new song structures. In the midst of these contemporary re-workings you'll find layers of acoustic grunge stylings and new- folk influences, evident on O For A Heart and What Can Wash Away My Sin, the latter notable for it's soaring chorus. Both these tracks share the common purpose of re-energising dusty 18th Century hymns, as hinted by the EP's title. For my money, the standout songs are those of a more reflective vein; My Hope is Built on Nothing Less features some stunning swathes of cello, a perfect complement to those evocative Thompsonesque vocals. For listeners wary of committing to the full EP, I'd suggest that it's an excellent place to begin. In summary, a distinctive take on reframing ancient spiritual truths, New Skin combines all the strengths of contemporary production with the rich traditions of English folk, together with gentle hints of Americana. Recommended.
Yes, this is another exploration of contemporary tunes and arrangements for &#34;ancient&#34; hymns.  This is one of the best I've come across, rating up there with Red Mountain Music.  O For a Heart to Praise My God and Let Earth and Heaven Combine are my favorites, but all six cuts are full of edification.
[ASIN:B001FZ0AQS New Skin for Old Song]Cross Rhythms Rating: 7/10Recent years have seen a revival in worship circles of old hymns. Songwriters such as Matt Redman, Tim Hughes and Chris Tomlin have all reworked classic hymns and given them a contemporary sound, with varying degrees of success. On this, his debut release, singer/songwriter Francis Blight has attempted a similar feat, taking five old hymns, including "What Can Wash Away My Sin" and "Am I A Soldier Of The Cross", and giving them a fresh, edgy melody. Francis should be commended for his efforts, because on standout tracks "My Hope Is Built On Nothing Less" and "Let Earth And Heaven Combine" the concept really works. "My Hope Is Built On Nothing Less" in particular, with its mellow acoustic sound underpinned by the cello, works really well. 'New Skin For Old Song' has a well produced sound that is only let down slightly by Francis Blight's rather ordinary vocals which borders on the out-of-tune on the album closer "We Believe In The Church". Overall though, with a nod to the likes of Tom McRae and Unbelievable Truth, this is a decent EP that brings a fresh, somewhat melancholic sound to some timeless hymns.New Skin for Old SongAm I A Soldier of the Cross?
I love this song so much!  It blesses me to know that the peace and favor of God rests on me and my family, especially my 9-year old son.  He has accepted Christ (what a blessing!) and I know that the favor of God is upon him in all that he does.  Praise the Lord!
The performance track was excellent,  Download was easy.  This is to fill in the last remaining words required for the review.
Found "sinner underneath" on Pandora and looked her up on my fire. Love this album. The first album I've paid for in years. She diserves more popularity
I'm building a neo-soul list on my ipod and I had to add this one to my list. It is worth a listen.
This song is so uplifting and prasing God it really gets you going in worshipping and moving in life.
Love this song, great song to praise there Lord...I Love how it has there original song and four different karaoke versions.
I love this song.  I have told my sisters that I want this song sung at my funeral because I would not have to imagine any more, because I would be there.
This album is very uplifting with a wonderfully rhythmic feel to it.  I used it for my mind movie because it is so upbeat and positive![...]
I really enjoyed purchasing this product. This is just a wonderful group that inspires the heart with their music. You won't be dissapointed.
We all need encouragement, all day long, often moment to moment. These songs are scripture, not just good ideas. They help me get my mind where it needs to be in Jesus.
Can't go wrong with these scripture memory collections.  This is my third one.  I also have the "Victory" and "Anxiety" collections.  The melodies are catchy and stay with you.  It makes it easy and accessible to think of your favorite scriptures throughout the day.  For me, there has not been a bad one in the bunch.
This is just as great as his first Album. If you want to relax or just sit and reflect I highly reccomend this one! It is hard to be stressed when you listen to any of David Bauer's music...
First heard of David Bauer's music as backup instrumental when I downloaded our church's weekly bulletin. It was so nice that I had to investigate whose music it was. An internet search later, and it came upon David Bauer. He has another CD called 'Quite Moments of Inspiration' which is not available (only MP3 version). When with this CD as consolation....no regrets. It's great.
IT IS FABULOUS!  We listen to it before we go to bed!  It is very calming, soothing & inspirational. Enjoy it!