Something seems wrong here. This cd does not have Al Jarreau singing on it. Seems amazon goofed. This is not Al Jarreau.
I downloaded these songs and the song titles did not even match the songs. The childrens songs were cute but the adult voices which joined in ruined the few decent songs on the album. Definately not an album you would listen to more than once and some songs you will skip over within the first verse!
I was not happy with this recording because it did not sound like Jacob do Bandolim. The art-work was also disappointing.
A fair try. Sound alike? Not even close. Decent singers but not for this. Don't waste your money.
grrr...this is not a compilation of the original theme songs, but re-recordings of other people performing them.$7 wasted.
Cheap lithargic knock offs. Every one sounds too slow. Who makes these albums? Where is the profit in remakes of TV themes?
With the great talent Mr.Armstrong has,you think he would've applied it here,too.I was deeply disappointed in this CD-it's bland and the songs seem to be rushed through.Another major gripe is the extra syllables added to &quot;Chim-Chim Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-de-doo-dah&quot;-it made it very difficult to understand or enjoy the song.Mr.Armstrong-it seems that you left your talent elsewhere while making this CD.If you want great stuff by Louis Armstrong,then you're better off with his other CDs.If you want a great Disney CD,then look elsewhere.
MOST SONGS ARE CHOPPED OFF AT THE END! NEXT SONG BEGINS WITHOUT ANY PAUSE BETWEEN! THIS SHOULD BE PULLED OFF AMAZON UNTIL THIS TECHNICAL PROBLEM IS CORRECTED. NICE MUSIC BY GREAT MUSICIANS BUT UNUSABLE SONG BY SONG. AND VERY DISTURBING WHEN A PIECE IS CHOPPED OFF. NONE OF WHICH IS EVIDENT IN THE PREVIEWS, OF COURSE.
I purchased this album thinking it was actually the listed artists performing the songs. Sadly, I was mistaken. They don't even sound similar.
As with other K-Tel oldies albums on Amazon, this is full of re-recordings and cover versions. As remakes go, they're not so bad, but it's just as easy to buy the original hits:Games People Play,In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida,Monday, Monday,Oh Happy Dayand so on. Why buy this version instead?
I picked this one up based on the samples given, and it turned out that those were the only really good spots on the album.  It's not bad, just not good.  I might have deleted it since, but I don't remember!
Very disappointing! Thought it was going to be the original versions of the songs & ended up with the Lawrence Welk version instead!
I love themes from police TV series but I was hoping for the original recordings, or at least the original arrangement played by a decent orchestra. The "orchestra" on these recordings almost sounds computer generated to me like they inputted the sheet music into some program and this is what it came up with. My favorite TV theme song is the one to "JAG" and it was horrible here. Not recommended.
These pieces are not all by Jerry Goldsmith. The Stargate themes are by his son, Joel Goldsmith.  I'm sure it's a fine collection, but not all Goldsmiths are the same.
Jerry Goldsmith, one of cinema's great film composers, deserves a better collection than this. Most of these recordings are sub-par at best (some of the tracks are just low-grade synth covers).
This is the 3rd time I've tried to purchase a Fred Waring MP3 via Amazon.  All three times, the download has failed.  Amazon has been kind enough to refund my money, but I wish they'd fix the problem.
With the exception of &#34;Bring Him Home&#34; all other recordings were extremely disappointing - not al all what I expected from Colm.  He is so good in Les Miserable that we thought this would be a nice addition to our CD collection.  Big mistake - really spoiled our memory of his excellent stage work.
The movie soundtrack is mysteriously unavailable. This is the soundtrack from the original play. Yet this is stated nowhere. Very deceptive.
I do not generally write reviews of things I don't like, because it's merely a matter of taste. In this case I'll make an exception, if only to warn away those who are expecting anything resembling the original. The original soundtrack may not have been perfect in every way, but it is what we fans have grown to know and love. I read the previous reviews here, but had to listen to the samples on the mp3 page to hear for myself. Could it be THAT BAD? IN a word, yes. The new arrangements and tempos have sucked the life out of songs like "Happiness" and "A Christmas Carol". The joy, the spirit, and the joy of the spirit are gone. This is, like old Marley, as dead as a door nail. I echo the sentiments of other reviewers by asking / begging for a remastered version of the original.
I've been waiting for many years for the release on CD of the original soundtdrack.  I don't understand why this very poor substitute was issued instead.  Come on, Columbia!
Scrooge the Musical was one of my favorite Christmas musicals. I've had the LP for years and still listen to it. I can not understand why they would have to make a studio recording of the movie soundtrack when all they had to do was release the original movie soundtrack on CD. There is no comparison between this new recording and the Original Movie Soundtrack. I listened to the tracks on Amazon and the recording is dull. The cast on the movie soundtrack it much better and the songs are done much better. I know the LP was on Columbia so, anyone listening, please release the Original Movie Soundtrack of Scrooge on CD. I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who would rather have the original soundtrack than this poor replica of a great musical Soundtrack
I should have listened to the critics. Not even close to the original motion picture soundtrack. Buy the London cast recording instead.
The sound was distorted and had very low dynamic range (mostly one volume level).  A couple of years ago I purchased this album on vinyl and using a cheap Radio Shack turntable connected to my stereo I connected the stereo line-out to my computer's  audio-in jack, and then used a basic digital recording program to digitize the album.  The end product had rumble and a few ticks here and there but it was usable.  When I saw Amazon offering a digital version of it I jumped at it expecting a professional conversion with CD quality.  Boy! Was I wrong!  After listening to all the tracks (to be sure that it wasn't just 1 or 2 tracks that were bad) I deleted the Amazon version and went back to my own conversion.  I emailed Amazon and told them of my experience and they politely refunded my money.
Whoever this Hallmark label is owned by, they've did it again! See my review of "The Lonesome Sound of Hank Williams" for a previous write-up about how crappy it is.Essentially, when one thinks MP3 download, you're at least thinking decently cleaned up recordings more than likely from the master tapes. Heck, even a good LP that's been digitally mastered sounds okay.This recording, as well as Lonesome Sound, are sourced from a very crappy quality LP. I don't know if this company is using flea market finds and sourcing them from a USB turntable but these are horrible. I keep a sub hooked up to my system and it blends in perfectly even on LP's. When I play this, my sub starts rumbling from all of the surface noise present in the recording.On a better note, Amazon is refunding my purchase price. Steer away from this and find it on an actual CD!
Disappointed Stokes was accompanied by only piano not an orchestra.  Expected there would be more known musical selections not random pieces from these shows.  Completely dissatisfied with the entire disc - didn't meet the brilliance for his magnificent voice
My wife & I LOVE Brian S Mitchell singling classical Broadway roles, especially as the male lead, Emile de Becque, in South Pacific. We saw Brian on a PBS broadcast in concert from Carnegie Hall, and later in person when he toured with an elite Broadway company performing/singing this same role--it was Fantastic with full orchestra accompaniment.  Thus, I was enthusiastic when ordering Brian Mitchell's own production of &#34;Simply Broadway,&#34; believing I would be hearing more of this talented man's voice in a wide variety of other popular Broadway roles.  Sadly, this CD was a huge disappointment, as Mitchell was only accompanied by pianist Ted Firth. Firth is certainly talented, but piano playing alone simply did not bring forth the emotion and power I felt when listening to recordings which included full orchestra and excerpts of show storylines.  In fairness to Mitchell, it was my fault for not noticing on the Amazon sales site that this CD only included Ted Firth's piano--shame on me.  But it is also fair to point out that the TV advertising of this CD played examples of Mitchell's singing with a full orchestra, not a lone pianist.If you want FULL IMPACT entertainment, bypass this CD and get the DECCA CD of the full Rodgers & Hammerstein's South Pacific starring Brian Stokes Mitchell, Reba McEntire, Jason Danieley and others!
Somehow I can't get it to record our 5 Star Rating.  Brian Stokes Mitchell live with the Seattle Symphony was pure enjoyment.  Understand this is a warm, embracing Broadway veteran who brings life to the songs and warms a room.  The CD and he will get under your skin with his approach to each song.  We'll add more of his work to our collection and have played it and others as guests arrive to add the perfect touch to a dinner party and or just quite times when you want to drift away from the every day world.  He was absolutely fantastic live and now you and I can have him around every day!!  Thank you, Brian Stokes Mitchell for your dedication and love for singing and performing.  Buy it.  He's worth it. 5 Stars.....5 Stars....Somehow I missed recording that this is worth 5 Stars...Oh, it works well on evening cruises on the Puget Sound.
Prior to this CD, I was a fan of Stokes.  Not so much now.  He has a lovely voice, but his choice for songs didn't resonate with me at all.
I am a big fan of the singer and have seen him on Broadway and with the Boston symphony at tanglewood. His selections on this Cd had a few big broadway show music songs ie. Impossible dream, Fiddler on the roof, Carousel but more than half were much lesser known songs. But the big problem is that he is accompanied by only a piano and the pace of the music, which should be much more vibrant, is slow and boring. I actually returned the CD to Amazon.
As with Brian's other solo CD, I searched in vain for repeats of his very outstanding singing in the PBS concert of "South Pacific".  For the latter CD, I do a sing-along with him, mimicking his beautiful, operatic baritone, esp. "Some Enchanted Evening", "This Nearly was Mine", & even the French "Dite-Moi".  And I give Brian the edge over Paulo Szot in the actual play done at Lincoln Center.  Even Brian's dialogue reflects his melodic baritone in the concert version.  Perhaps he could do another solo CD with songs showcasing the depth & power of his voice???
Do we really need Julie Budd doing LOVE ME DO? And isn't HOME something we've heard enough of through the years? Is there anything creative about this? Barely 7 songs for $18.83. She even covers Ann Hampton Callaway. Just a Streisand wannabe.
Neil Patrick Harris has been very lucky to somehow make a career out of a terrible tv show but it's even more ridiculous to think that he wants to try Broadway. I have no idea what his talent is, but acting and comedy clearly is not.
If you really want a recording of Hedwig and The Angry Inch buy the original OFF-Broadway cast recording with John Cameron Mitchell and Miram Shor in the lead roles.  Harris and Hall pale in comparison and the new arrangement of Sugar Daddy is just wrong.