Johnny Mercer was a gem, and these songs are all top flight standards, but too often the seventies horns and keyboards wash out the charm of Mercer's voice and these wonderful melodies. Since it was recorded in 1974, it might not be quite precise to refer to the arrangements as "disco," but these arrangements seem to try to appeal to seventies tastes and as such harken back more to that time than to when the pieces were written.I really wanted to like this one, but it's just too underwhelming. As another reviewer mentions there could be enough here to satisfy when you skip over the disappointments, but you'll be much better off skipping this recording altogether and picking up Mercer's offering from the Capitol Collector's Series. That disc contains recording from the 40s and makes for a much more satisfying experience.
Plays a bit like a college freshman vocal recital.  The voice is occasionally pitchy, but more offensive is the inconsistant vocal technique!!!  He can't decide whether he wants a classical edge or a pop-breathiness.  Sometimes he goes back and forth between these two very different sounds note after note after note.The "fuller voice" is way to far in his nose and going back and forth between such a light breathy tone and this just makes the nasality more obvious!Great potential in this voice, but he seems too unsure of what he wants to do with his voice to be selling commercial albums just yet!
Most of the tracks are mis-named and the last one ,Nobody Knows The Trouble I`ve Seen, isn`t even listed! Why??
This was a mistake but because it was a digital download it wasn't returnable.I hate it because it cost me a little money and I just deleted it because I  don't like easy listening or broadway music.
What can I say. They really meant Explicit. Most songs will leave your friends salck jawed. As with any performance one should have seen the show first to appreciate the music afterward.
I was very disappointed.I was not expecting original renditions, but the covers of the songs were terrible. I regretted this purchase the moment I listened to several of the tracks.Next time I order an MP3 album, I will make certain that I listen to samples of the tracks.I wasted my money on this.
The price is good, $5.99 (at least when I bought it) for twenty some odd songs isn't bad.  Too bad the majority of them sound synthesized, rather than like they were recorded by actual people.  The theme to the Patriot isn't even the original John Williams, it's an arrangement.The only reason I marked it two stars rather than 3 stars is because there are several other John Williams albums out there with the same songs that are many many times better.  If I could undo the order, I would.THIS PRODUCT IS NOT RECOMMENDED.
I was a little let down with the repetive style vs the originals but I still kind of like it.
It's a travesty to hear what the loudness war is doing to fine art.  This recording suffers from over-compression, lack of transients and severe distortion.  If I wanted all that, --I'd listen to it on the radio.  Art vs. quality is akin to a gold ring in the snout of a pig. Headroom Injury - overcompressed.
Wilkinson, who created the role of Jean Valjean in Les Miserables (London, New York) and was the original Phantom Of The Opera in Toronto for 4 1/2 years, has been a huge favourite of ours. Having seen him four times in Phantom (first ten days, eight months later, in May of 1991, and his last Toronto performance) and once in Les Miz, we've been hoping for a new recording since his Stage Heroes was released years ago.Now, to accompany his touring production of the same name, he has done so. We saw the show last weekend in Toronto, and the man still has the golden, Irish-tenor, pipes. There are 17 tracks on the CD, about half are show tunes (including Bring Him Home and Music Of The Night). The rest are an eclectic and indulgent mix of country & pop; and of course, Danny Boy -- a song that any Irishman has the right to perform in any fashion he desires. To our taste, (all but Danny Boy), these are awful and badly suited to his soaring dramatic vocal style. Notable is Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah, which was mediocre at best (but much superior to the live performance we just saw). For this track, k d lang's rendition has probably spoiled us forever from enjoying anyone else's version.It should be noted that the production values of this recording are extremely amateurish, with the overall sound reminding me of a concert in an airplane hangar -- hollow and echo-ey -- not warm and rich as in a concert hall. The balance is off too, as the musicians' presence is barely audible. I thought my amplifier was busted in the mid-range, until the next CD on the turntable started to play.To summarize, a disc for fans only, with only a handful of tracks worth hearing more than once. If it's possible to buy single tracks, I'd choose only Bring Him Home, Music Of The Night, Anthem and Danny Boy to add to my collection.
I first heard Mr. Wilkinson's wonderful voice as the Phantom, in Toronto MANY years ago.  I bought the cassette tape of the play as soon as I could get my hands on it, and then the CD.  I have only myself to blame for not scanning the included songs on this CD more closely, because I doubt I would have spent double the $ that I normally spend on a CD.  My husband, also a huge fan, and I listened to it last night, and there were a few times that we both laughed out loud.  Another reviewer enjoyed the way he sang the odd songs that were selected, but I was put off by the 'theatrical nature' in which he sang such classics as 'Country Roads' 'Whiskey in the Jar' and one of my faves 'Runaway,'  and that's just 3.  I was completely disappointed with 'The Music of the Night' which I have so loved to listen to all these years.  I realize that singers get tired of singing a song the same way, but in my mind his original interpretation will always be the best.  And I consider what he did to 'Hallelujah' to be almost a crime - singing 'lujah' several times at the end?I was very distressed to hear his wonderful voice sounding almost tortured on too many of the selections.
I purchased this album download thinking the quality would be better than my original LP version. Boy, was I mistaken. Without exception, the first four songs (side one on the original disk) are plagued with clicks, pops, distortion, dropouts and sound anomalies. Not every track has all these glitches, but all tracks have one or more of these problems.Strangely, the last five tracks sound good without the problems noted in the first four. Those five tracks comprise side two of the original LP.I also noticed that the stereo separation is almost non-existent on all tracks as compared to the original recording. On my LP recording you can distinguish the women singing more from the left channel and the men more from the right channel. This coincides with the actual physical layout of the choir at all times during recording sessions and performances. The lack of channel separation and flatness suggests that these recordings were tinkered with either during the copying process or afterward. Not very professional, if you ask me.It's because of instances of lower than expected quality, such as this, that I have restricted my music downloads from Amazon to only necessary instances. Since Amazon refuses to back up the quality of their download music with a return policy, they are receiving much less of my download business.
It's a good thing I have this and the other roaring 20's by The Charlton City All Stars on Grand Award Albums and in very good condition and I put them on cds and they sound great. Always check the sound on these before buying.
These recordings by Connee Boswell--not "Connie Boswell"--were badly digitized, so, they're nearly inaudible.  But, if you're willing to turn the volume up way loud, you'll be able to enjoy the music.
This is a great album from Julie Andrews, recorded around the time of CAMELOT. However, this mp3 version is in mono, where the original was in stereo, and is likely taken from an LP. The album was released as a Spanish import from CBS Records Spain - those tracks are in stereo with much better fidelity, worth the search rather than buying these compromised download tracks.Here is a link to the version with better sound (and it includes a second album as well, Julie's 1962 music hall album "Don't Go In The Lion's Cage Tonight")Broadway's Fair Julie/Heartrending Ballads & Raucous Ditties
Not much of interest here.Same stuff,same songs,etc.Meanwhile the songs from Up In Centtral Park(1948) gather dust somewhere.All your doing here is buying the same stuff you already have.Theres nothing wrong with the music,but whats the point of buying the same stuff you already have?
In my opinion, the singing is really pretty lousy, and the orchestra's sound is mixed very badly. Or maybe it's just a particuarly bad orchestration. The Carousel Waltz is quite horrible, with various instruments sounding far too prominently in what should be an overall blended sound.I am sorry I bought this recording - however it did enable me to appreciate how FAR superior (in every way) the 1994 Broadway production recording is.
This is a very poor recording of Carousel. Across the board, the leads are mediocre vocalists who way over-act the dialogue interspersed in the music. The ensemble has a nice sound, but definitely skip this and order the Broadway cast recording.
He would be better off singing these great songs as they were written and we would be better off listening to him singing them as they were written rather than listening to his tortured &#34;interpretation&#34; of them.
Brian is a GREAT broadway perfromer but I have been disapointed by his studio recordings. It seems they do not showcase his great talent.
Really like Brian Stokes Mitchell.  Great singing voice and excellent performer. Songs on this album were just so-so.  Sorry I bought it.
Bought this as a gift for my parents.  They did not enjoy it.  The arrangements could have been better. Maybe next time.
We played this one twice and both times there were glitches int he sound. The first one was our fault, I think, and the second play was much better but still had a couple of glitches
I realise the title is simply broadway which is O.K. if the artist has the power and voice to overcome the difficulties with just one piano.  However, most broadway shows have full orchestras, and that would certainly help Brian Stokes Mitchell which would overcome his moderate to average vocals. For comparison on my meaning a listen to Jerry Hadley Standing Room Only was what I expected
Still a glorious voice. But the arrangements suck. Too lounge-y. Only a piano when some of these require lush arrangements.
I heard Mr. Mitchell sing on a recent PBS program and had to have his CD.  Unfortunately the quality of the CD was terrible.  The volume ranged from inaudible to loud depending on the song.  Constant adjustment of the volume was required.  I am returning the CD and do not recommend it to any one.
Love Brian Stokes Mitchell, but was not crazy about this album.  Love the musical numbers he did, but it was hard to hear and understand the words.
I bought it based on a review that I read and it to me is not romantic. I am quite disappointed and stopped it after listening to half of it.
I'm sensing this isn't the best representation of the Tony Winning show and performances, so Im not judging those. If you listen to the original Off-Broadway recording you are enveloped in the character and the storytelling. This feels like a sung-through demo. Harris has a thin singing voice and appears to have dropped all nuance of character and his German accent on this recording. Listen to some previews to see what I mean. Clearly, the performances on stage are stellar-I'll be seeing them soon-as they garnered two Tonys. However, if the goal of a recording is to preserve those performances, I feel this has failed.Deeply disappointed and won't listen much.