The songs on here are really annoying but at the same time kind of funny. The kids will love it but you'll be ready for your own trip to the local psychiatric center after this.
I saw a play about the life of Judy Holliday, and learned that Judy wrote and sang her own songs. Unfortunately, the woman playing Judy sang 100 times better than the real Judy. I don't recommend this record.
Mercer was a songwriting genius and an excellent, swinging vocalist but as others have noted the arrangements here are often distractingly cheesy and dated. Recorded in the mid '70's they sound EXACTLY as if Mercer were guesting on Donny & Marie or The Tony Orlando & Dawn Show.  Still, his lyrics and vocals triumph, and nowhere else that I've found do you get The Man Himself singing Summer Wind, which alone makes the CD worth your cash.
A bit too straight.  I've been following the Mills Bros. for a lifetime, would have appreciated it more had they used more stylization
The sound is great some fine guitar playing but a bit repetitious.I expected more,if you already have some other music of his wait until you library has it.Really should be a 3 1/2 but can not see how this can be accomplished at amazon. Any help on this part would be appreciated.
I had this record as a child and really enjoyed it. I wanted to share it with my kids. I was thrilled when I found this copy. Unfortunately, the volume is of poor quality so that even with the volume turned up on any CD player I've used it is hard to hear with the same clarity it should be.
I used to work at a "Music of Your Life" radio station and every Christmas season the cartridges with the holiday standards would come out. Hands down, Vikki Carr had the best version of "What Child Is This". It's good to see it on this compilation but the track listings are incorrect. Listen to the sample of track #5 which claims to be the hideous Robert Goulet and you'll find that it's Vikki Carr. I confirmed this with a download. The problem is easily remedied by editing the mp3 file properties to reflect the correct song title and artist name. As for the rest of the collection I can't really comment, I just raided it for the one song download.
I was disappointed to find this was not the actual movie soundtrack recording.  Guess i should look a little closer before I press "purchase".  Still good, just not the movie soundtrack, which in my opinion, can't be topped.
This CD of familiar Disney songs sung by Louis Armstrong - the late great Satchmo - is not the best performance of his career, nor is it the best Disney disc available.  Nonetheless, it is quite entertaing and fun to listen to with or without your children.Don't purchase this if your looking for the best Satchmo performance, or the traditional arrangements of Disney tunes.But if you're open minded and enjoy a little flavor, pick it up as a treat to hear one of the greatest musicians of all time fly through a number of happy tunes in his own special way.  Including adding a few syllables to the nonsensical syllable songs &quot;Chim-Chim-Cheree&quot; and &quot;Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah&quot; - still recommended, especially for parents who want to introduce their children to jazz music.
One of Louis Armstrong's talents was to turn an otherwise unremarkable song into a classic.  Unfortunately, his talent is stretched to the limit here by some kitschy arrangements and overwrought vocal accompaniment.  Satch still manages to shine in a couple of numbers, though - notably Chim-Chim-Cheree and the Bare Necessities.  I found my copy on sale in a clearance outlet for 99, and thought it was a pretty good deal for one of the stranger jazz albums I've ever heard.
PLEASANT RENDITIONS FOR CHILDREN.  OUTSTANDING VERSIONS OF ZIPPITY DOO DAH, AND WHEN YOU WISH UPON A STAR.  BEST THING ABOUT ALBUM IS CHILDREN GET TO HEAR LOUIS ARMSTRONG'S TRUMPET PLAYING!
I give this 3 stars because unlike many of the children's lullaby CDs, I like the songs she chose.  I just don't particularly care for Ms. Graff's voice--I found it slightly unsteady, not always in tune, and while I imagine it would be soothing to an infant (my son is past that age!), I found it distinctly NOT soothing for me.
clever and funny song - but that's just it, it is only one song, not a cast recording.That's disappointing.
Not the best show written, but has a few gems. Not for the faint at heart, especially if you don't like country
A very nice tribute to the USA.  However, there are other CDs that can be purchased with a similar venue that present patriotic songs a bit better and with more selections.  Nice effort, but I would probably chose others.
I chose tris Ratzinger fue to The fact that although  Wane has great talent, it sede de that his m&uacute;sica Washington rambling, I could not identify what he Washington playing
The three previous R+P albums balanced cheesy fun with sharp socio-political messages; like a fruit basket, they offered painless nutrition and fun flavor. As such, it was also easy to laugh off the seriousness intent behind them, but sometimes the best way to get a message across is while people are laughing.On the other hand, if you felt all that campiness was a little too "fruity", BPNP is heavier and simpler -- like potatoes: "I Met a Man" is wry but not quite so funny, and sets the more personal tone that characterizes this album (which peculiarly proclaims itself political). Perhaps this is why the slower, more spare sound of their first album predominates.The high points for cherry-pickers: "One of the Enemy" is a poignant gem, "Journal Entry" is winningly musical and personal, "Tango Indigesto" is genuinely clever and funny, and "Queers in the Closet" is as a powerful piece you'll hear, near-religious in its crescendo. Try these, and you may well want to hear the whole album :)
The artists on this are not the original artists.  The singing is really good, but they are not the originals.
Not much to say. It is what is claims to be. I love this music and this download gave me what I wanted.
Some quite good songs.  Some unusual picks.  Didn't like the too long notes in a couple of songs.  He will always be Jean Val Jean.
I purchased this item for a friend of mine. He was pleased with it. This is not the type of music I normally listen to.
These are not bonus tracks from Easter Parade...which was a salute to the music of Irving Berlin...and this isn't a Judy Garland album.  If both were true her wonderful rendition of &#34;Mr. Monotony&#34; done and then cut from the final movie would be featured.This is actually primarily a Fred Astaire album singing songs from various composers and lyricists from his RKO days.  This being said, it is still fairly pleasant if you like Mr. Astaire's song stylings.
I prefer the real thing, you can't  duplicate the talent, tunes and sounds. I thought it was a good try.
Not the original movie soundtrack but better than nothing. These are at least the original 1970 songs by Leslie Bricusse. They are sung more professionally than the original soundtrack.If Paramount Pictures were smart they would release a DVD, Blu-Ray and audio soundtrack CD boxed set at Christmas time.[DW]
Maybe those-that-be will get their musical heads together and issue the full Scrooge soundtrack. Would be nice for Christmas 2013!
Didn't know much about this cast album.After listening to it, I kind of enjoyed it. The reason I gave it only 3 stars was because of the sound quality. I'm not sure if it was issued  from an LP or not, and since I have over a 1000 broadway and london cast albums, it was nice to add to my collection
The MP3 translation of this album is disappointing from an audio reference. The quality of the original LP Vinyl is considerably suppressed in the MP3 version and we really lose the essence of this album, probably the best recording ever made by Erroll Garner. Concert By The Sea is outstanding but it doesn't match this recording, particularly his versions of Laura and The Man I Love. I have a copy of the original LP and despite it's many scratches of numerous plays and years, the MP3 version does not do justice to the original vinyl audio output. I'm really disappointed that Columbia Records, or whoever they may be today, didn't honor this great jazz icon with a quality CD upgrade.
An earnest, talented cast tries to make something out of a so-so story. I love Dr. Seuss books, don't get me wrong. His wordplay and delightful imagination still bring joy to my middle-aged heart. But the musical strains mightily to mash together his most ridiculous plotlines, and the songs are strictly standard Broadway dreck, mostly unmemorable and unhummable. The performances are good and it's a pleasant-enough listen if you don't try to follow the story.
I fell in love with Alton Fitzgerald White's voice, when I heard him sing in The Lion King on Broadway.  He really has an exquisite voice. On this album he sings many favorite Disney songs that I love.Unfortunately, his taste in music is different from mine, so I'm not wild about his interpretations of these songs.  In particular, I would say his interpretation is frequently jazzy and I don't like jazz.If you like jazz better than I do, you would probably like this album.  He certainly has a lovely voice.
Having seen Brian Stokes Mitchell perform live on a theater stage in Man of La Mancha I know what a great voice he has and how wonderfully he sings.  Unfortunately I can only rate this CD as &#34;okay&#34; because he is not performing as if he is singing the songs in an actual show, but rather more like he is performing them in a piano bar settings, and I just really prefer these Broadway songs when they are done in the style they are done when performed on a theater stage.  Somehow, to me, doing them like they are being sung in a small bar setting just takes away from the impact of the music, and thus my &#34;okay&#34; rating.
I do not like it, but my wife likes it and that makes me happy because when momma is happy, everyone is happy.
Another Cd by another baritone of the same songs they all sing. Never the less I like this mans voice so that is simply the reason why I bought it. I have sevearl other Cd's by this singer so this is just added to the list. A nice CD
I never heard of the man until I saw an interview on Fox network. Being a fan of Broadway music, I listened to the interview with a little music samples. I decided to buy and download the MP3 album to listen to on my way to work.The man has a fantastic baritone voice. Not quite operatic, but great for Broadway. BUT, his interpretations are over the top. A bit tedious for listening to music that I know very well, but doesn't always sound like the music I am familiar with.I am not saying it is bad in any way, but it will be a while before I listen to it again. Maybe if I watched him singing while acting out on the stage, it would be more fitting.
Brian Stokes Mitchell has one of the best voices on Broadway and I never miss a live performance when he appears locally.  I expected this album to be terrific but didn't find it at all satisfying mainly because of the choice of material.  To me, it didn't suit his voice.  Some albums you listen to the first time and think how great they are  This one I thought was just OK and put it away never having the desire to hear it again. Maybe it takes getting used to.
Although I love this performer and his voice is in top form on this cd, I was disappointed that it is recorded with just a piano.  For the price charged for this disc I expected more.
The selections are good but the sound quality was only fair.  Price was right, so it worked for us.  It was long playing so that fit our needs as well.
I've been a fan of Hedwig since 2001, so I cut my teeth on the John Cameron Mitchell version.  While Neil Patrick Harris is talented, he's not JCM's Hedwig.  In the original, you can feel the emotion and heartache from JCM's voice.  This version feels stiff and almost karaoke like.  Not to mention the fact this new version completely butchered &#34;Sugar Daddy.&#34;All this isn't to say that this version is bad.  It's not.  But if you want the best Hedwig experience, purchase the original version, not this one.
Although I have no doubt that Neil Patrick Harris gives an engaging, exciting, and energetic performance in the show, I don't think the CD can be fully appreciated on its own.  I bought the CD based on the dynamic number presented on the Tony awards.  I suspect that if I get a chance to see the show I'll be able to remember and visualize just what's going on and will enjoy the CD a whole lot more.  I would not recommend this CD unless you have seen or plan to see Hedwig.
I wish I could return it.  Get the original recording for the full experience.  I love Neil, but this sounds like a karaoke rendition.