Great album, but the MP3 version is not 256 kbps as advertised. It's 192 kbps (VBR). Given the age of the recording this likely doesn't make much difference, but Amazon needs to be more accurate with their MP3 listings.
What more do you need than a combination of 2 of music's greatest?I thought there wasn't much that could be better than Tony belting out his songs with his trademark smooth voice. Then I see COUNT BASIE also on this CD. Seriously?  A Jazz god? THE Count himself? Yes. This cd is good. Perfect for those evenings or moments in your car when you want a classic throwback... one that puts you in a immediate state o relaxation, but gets your heart and feet moving to the rhythm.4 out of 5 because this sounds like it should have been remastered.
This song is by Sara Westbrook, written for her mother, who was diagnosed with Alzheimers, so it has great heart!  She has a very tender, beautiful voice, wish it was sung by someone older though.
I hate to Rate a Juluka cd below a 5 Star, but this cd to Me is by Far Julka's Weakest one. I like it, but to Me no Strong Songs on this one, but still if You like Juluka Grab it while You can.
I'm a big fan of Charlie Parker's "Bird with Strings" album and was hoping for a similar experience here. While it's not anywhere near the classic status of Bird's record it's still a nice listen. There are times when it does feel a bit formulaic however. On a number of songs you'll hear the orchestra play their lead in part then Dizzy comes in the same exact way each song. This occurs for maybe about a 1/4 of the album. Beyond these intro's the music is great as are the arrangements. It's an overall mellow record with a slightly subpar sound quality. It's not terrible but it's definitely not up to the quality of many remasters from this era. I've come to expect this from these "Jazz in Paris" albums (see Chet Baker's).If you're looking for some classic jazz with orchestra, or more specifically trumpet you really can't go wrong with this album.
The CKB's style is much like a classical small combo that has loosened its neckties and lit into a repertoire of folk melodies. The first albumDe Profundiswas a breathtaking display of elegance and musicianship."Warriors", the second release, starts out following in that path but soon seeks to expand or diverge from the first album's more traditional sound. I suppose that might be expected with an act signed to John Zorn's label. But when it comes down to it, setting a heading for somewhere closer to the frontiers of new music here really doesn't so much result in something new; it more resembles film music. Perhaps that was the intent since scoring soundtracks can provide great visibility while also being lucrative.I'm not averse to musical exploration or artists changing their approach as time goes by; it really comes down to whether one finds the new phase of development appealing. The tracks which sound like they could have come from the first album - the first three numbers plus "The Amorous Dance Of The Orchid" - are as sublime as "De Profundis". The closing "Recollections Of The Past" is also engaging. As with the first album, the best tracks tend to run over the seven minute mark and thus are only available when one downloads the album as a whole.The three other tracks - "The Prayer", "Memento Mori", and "The Fortress" - each have portions that are appealing, offset by discordant passages that seem intended to express some concept or feeling. This trend would increase over the CKB's career arc. I find "De Profundis" and "The Warriors" to be the most appealing of the group's five studio albums.Their final release, a live albumRememberancewas issued in 2007. The CKB must have been fond of "The Warriors" because four of the live album's nine tracks draw from this sophomore outing. The CKB is now known as The Bester Quartet. Although they've contributed tracks to compilations, no new CDs have appeared under that moniker so far.
These songs are hilarious! As I indicated, though, they are irreverent and politically incorrect. Some have twisted humor which the Addams Family might appreciate. I collect songs and compositions of acclaimed Disney composer, Richard Sherman, and found these on a recent search for such work. These are NOT Disney, film, or stage compositions in any form. Mr. Sherman and his friend Larsen created a set of songs to compliment their earlier record "Smash Flops" all of which are novelty songs, created for fun and not connected to each other or to any other work. As I said, these are funny and show an askew view of some historical events. I don't think I'd even say that these are cleared for the entire family. If you know history, you'll appreciate the alternative settings and outcomes of the historical events and settings. I appreciate these works as a glimpse into the personal expressions and views of a cherished Disney / family composer on an adult level with adult issues. Although the recording is titled "barbershop" few are actually traditional barbershop quartet songs. They are all in the style of that genre of 19th century early 20th century novelty songs such as barbershop, Dixieland, and vocal ballads.
I have not heard the whole thing, but what I have heard I like. I would recommend it to my friends.
This album is an all instrumental album. While still very good it seems a shame not to hear her lovely voice.  When she comes to town, go see her live while she is still playing the small clubs. The stories she tells in concert add even more to her songs.
The previous reviewer seems to be basing everything on the title of the album. This is most certainly not a 50's collection with Johnny Mathis. This is Nettork Records second annual Christmas release of (mostly) chestnuts performed by (mostly) indie acts. It's a very pleasant, very adult alternative station-ready collection with a few absolute standouts like Leigh Nash and Gabe Dixon's clear-voiced rendition of "Baby It's Cold Outside", the Clumsy Lovers bluegrass-inspired take on "Welcome Christmas" and Sarah McLachlan's shiny, soaring "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day." This collection would be fine background music for any young, upper-middle class Christmas party.
For the record, here are the contents of this volume, which first came out in 2000 from Memoir Records. Being a U.K. release it likely focuses on those sides that had a major impact over there. What I show here are the original North American label numbers, year and, if applicable, the highest chart position achieved in North America:1. On The Sunny Side Of The Street - Tommy Dorsey & His Orch, vocal by The Sentimentalists - Victor 1648 - # 16 in June 1945; 2. Trumpet Blues And Cantabile - Harry James & His Orch - Columbia 36549 - Feb 1942; 3. Begin The Beguine - Artie Shaw & His Orch - Bluebird 7746 - # 1 for 6 weeks in the fall of 1938; 4. In The Mood - Glenn Miller & His Orch - Bluebird 10416 - # 1 for 12 weeks in late 1939/early 1940; 5. Apple Honey - Woody Herman & His Orch - Columbia 36803 - # 16 July 1945; 6. Early Autumn - Woody Herman & His Orch - first released in 1949 on capitol 57-616 - then again in 1952 on Mars 300 - # 28 in November; 7. The Peanut Vendor - Stan Kenton & His Orch - Capitol 15052 - 1947; 8. Skyliner - Charlie Barnet & His Orch - Decca 18659 - # 19 in April 1945; 9. Sing Sing Sing (With A Swing) - Benny Goodman & His Orch - Victor 25796 - # 7 April 1938; 10. Jumpin' At The Woodside - Count Basie & His Orch - Decca 2212 - # 11 Dec 1938/Jan 1939; 11. Perdido - Jimmy Dorsey & His Orch  - Decca 18812 - 1943; 12. I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm - Les Brown & His Orch - Columbia 38324 - # 1 Dec 1948/Jan 1949; 13. Leave Us Leap - Gene Krupa & His Orch - Columbia 36802 - 1945; 14. Bakerloo Nonstop - Ted Heath & His Orch, vocal by Jack Parnell - U.K. Decca release in 1946 ; 15. No Name Jive - Glen Gray & The Casa Loma Orchestra - Decca 3089 - # 9 in May 1940; 16. South Rampart Street Parade - Bob Crosby & His Orch  - Decca 15038 - 1938; 17. Robbins' Nest - Claude Thornhill & His Orch - Columbia 38136 - 1947; 18. I Can't Get Started - Bunny Berigan & His Orch. Vocal by Bunny - Victor 25728 - # 10 February 1938.Anyone familiar with the Big Band Sound and its many fine recordings from about 1935 to the mid-1940s will recognize most of the selections, which are now available on any number of fine compilations - some with extensive liner notes, discographies and even sessionographies. Having said that, there are a few hidden gems here, sides that are not all that easy to find by devoted collectors, and in that regard I refer to tracks 2, 7, 13, 14 and 17.
My first encounter with Johnny Mercer, singer, was listening to his duets with Bing Crosby.  It was a shock to realize that such a wondrous lyricist could also be a first-rate singer as well.  His is a pleasant voice, very easy to listen to.  And, of course, the fact that he the fact that he wrote the lyrics he sings gives his interpretation a certain authority no other singer can match.  The arrangements are a bit dated (a disco beat on &quot;You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby&quot; and &quot;That Old Black Magic&quot;?), but in spite of such egregious missteps (i just skip those tracks) this is still a CD well worth having.
I'm not a big fan of the "Tabernacle Choir" or "Jolly guy singing around the fire" kind of Christmas music, so when I heard a selection from this collection, I was curious. Needless to say, my curiosity made me buy this collection of fine remixes of classic Christmas tunes.... and look, no barking dogs.....
Personally, I can't stand either the typical "classic" Holiday music, or the pop remakes of it.  So, in order to get in the Holiday Spirit, I have a bunch of the electronica-techno-electro-whatever-you-want-to-label-it Holiday Music.Just picked this one up this year, and, compared to the others in my collection, I like it a lot.  There are a couple of tracks I don't care for, they go a bit "too eclectic" for me, but overall, and especially for the price, this is a good one to own if you want to add some new tunes to your techno-holiday music collection.
This is a good song for the following people:1) Monty Python fans (Idle was the musical force for them)2) Those who saw "Monty Python: Almost The Truth" and were curious about what song Eric was singing at the end.3) Those who like Christmas but can't stand hearing traditional carols for one more minute.The song is short but entertaining. Great for adding into a Xmas music mix; it will liven things up a bit. This would also be good paired with Python's "Christmas in Heaven" from the "Meaning of Life" soundtrack. If you are a fan of good comedy and entertaining music, this is a good song to download.Plus, I don't think it is attached to any album at this time.
Interesting rock album, lots of different styes here.  Very good vocals.  The high points are "Done with the Blues" , "One Reality", and "Soul in Love" but there is a lot to like.
Louis Armstrong is someone I admire for doing what they did consistently.  Thus, if you are at all familiar with Satchmo, you have a good idea what this album is all about.  There are those who view Armstrong's later years as a time of commercial submission, yet from my perspective, he elevated all the material that he recorded.  This set of Disney tunes is no different.  I bought it for my toddler son, so that he would be exposed to music of quality, but that would also appeal to him; however, I have no qualms listening to it on my own.  My favorite is Louis' take on "Chim Chim Cheree", followed by "The Bare Necessities".  If you have kids, make sure they hear this recording!
My four year old was first introduced to Louis Armstrong through a Christmas compilation with &quot;Zat you, Santa Claus?&quot; on it (and was the only 3-year old to say Louis Armstrong was her favorite singer at her preschool).  I found this when looking for other things she might like, and we really really enjoy it.  Even her classmates got a kick out of it when we brought it in one day!  Buy it and enjoy.
This digital album is nearly identical to the out-of-print original cast recording, except the first and fifth songs are swapped. Like the CD, this is not the entire soundtrack. For example, "The Tao of Mag," "Zytrate Anatomy," and "Geneco Commercial" are all noticeably absent. In spite of its shortcomings (pun intended) it's long enough for a few good listens. The songs are catchy, upbeat rock musical songs with clear dialogue which decently explains the backstory to Repo! The Genetic Opera. If you hate spoilers, don't listen to this album. Each track is unique and the personalities of the characters shine through in every song. Here's a break down of the tracks:Night Surgeon. Curt Wilson portrays the Repo Man with a sadistic flair but this song is still kind of weak. I look forward to hearing Anthony Stewart Head's version....But This is Opera. Lateefah Devoe sings as Blind Mag with the ensemble. It's a humorous song poking fun of opera. She's got a strong voice, but it's a bit difficult to imagine her as the opera super star she's supposed to be. Again, looking forward to Sarah Brightman's portrayal in the upcoming movie.21st Century Cure. Terrance Zdunich sings as the Grave Robber with Stephanie Kane singing as Shilo. It's a seductive song... a perfect portrayal of a skeezy drug dealer who innocent Shilo just can't help listening to. This song has the worst rhyme ever: Shilo, "N.O.S?" Grave Robber, after a pause, " Yes!"Come Up and Try My New Parts. Penny Wei plays the high kicking Heather Sweet. I'm NOT looking forward to Paris Hilton's portrayal.Legal Assasin. Curt Wilson singing again as the Repo Man in the catchiest song on the album. Mr. Wilson's voice is a little bit weak and the instrumentation seems to drown him out. Good thing the instrumentation and chorus are strong and catchy.Chase the Morning. Lateefah Devoe sings with Stephanie Kane in the song that is most like an average musical's song. The instrumentation is mainly piano with some percussion. Again, Devoe comes across as strong, but at the same time seems to be struggling with getting the meanining behind her voice. Kane sounds kind of nasal.Choice. Blind Mag, Repo Man and Ensemble. This is the song from the movie trailer. The instrumentation is a bit more overpowering than the trailer's. Also, the actors don't exaggerate their eccentric accents quite as much, which makes it a bit boring comparatively.Overall, it's something different, a fun listen and a good preview of the upcoming movie. I suspect the movie soundtrack will be more complete and will have better sound engineering.
Christian progressive rock.  Heavily influenced by Rush, with some hints of Queen and Floyd.  Most of it is a 50 min or so piece that is (when I can understand the lyrics) sort of a journey through hypocrisy, weak and sleepy Christianity, the depths of hell(or is it Despond?) and finally to redemption at the end.  The tone of most of it is pretty gloomy until near the end.  Another piece at the beginning and also an instrumental in the tradition of "La Villa Strangiato."  Amazing bassist reminds me of Geddy Lee, and the guitar work seems really strong to me too. The band is really slow in places but shows in others that they can really crank it up and rock, too.  Only weak point to me is the vocals, as they are a bit too high-pitched to me and are really turned down a little much in the mix.  If you are a fan of Rush, definitely check out.  cannot wait for their next work, O Nox Ultima.
I bought this Practice session long ago on an audio cassette.The idea was to play it on a stereo player.  On one speaker you hear just the music and on the other you hear justJudy Niemack's voice.  So when you want to practice improvising, you turn down Judy's voice and YOU sing with the music,or you lower the volume a bit on Judy's voice and sing over hers, and work on your scat/improvisation.So dont know if the CD format can be used the same way.  I am hoping so, but I haven't been able to try it out on astereo unit yet, so I don't know if it will work.  I loved it in tape format for all the reasons mentioned above.When I purchased this CD format, I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it properly as a Practice Session.FLASH- I just found out you can drop Judy's songs one by one into a "GarageBand" New Project and with the Pan buttonmanipulate things so you can "pan" from one "speaker" to the other.  So YES the CD is in stereo format.
I always thought of Mary as being very different from a regular person. This musical shows a side of her that I've never thought about, but could be true. She must have had the same feelings and issues as any unmarried girl from a very religious family would have today. No one talks about Mary's mother either, but she had one! Interesting thoughts about what her mother's reaction would have been to her pregnancy. While some of the dialogue was a bit "corny", it did make me think and challenge my preconceived ideas. The music was very moving. I especially liked how the author brought it all together in the finale.
This live set backing "blues singer" Katherine Davis with the crack Chicago Blues Ensemble (featuring the wonderful Boogie Woogie piano player Erwin Helfer!) must have been great fun for the audience. The music is great with a wonderful New Orleans-style rocker "Never Make a Move Too Soon" clocking in at just under 10 minutes. "Watermelon Man" that Mongo Santamaria jazz hit from the 1960s leads of the disc and really lets the band play. Davis takes on the risqu&eacute; 20s blues diva hit " I Need A Little Sugar for My Bowl" and is lots of fun. There are some long song intros and "shout ots" to folks in the audience included and they will wear out their welcome on repeated playing. (2 are "indexed"; the others aren't).The version of the traditional "Make Me A Pallet On The Floor" is definitely in a completely different tempo than you've ever heard before and I found myself hitting the "skip" button about half way through the song.The sound it great for a "live" recording in a small club, but I expect that from Siren.The problem with "live" recordings is that they are done in one take. Sometimes that's not always the best. In the case of this CD, it captures the moment but an all-musical studio album might have worked better.It's still worth checking out, especially with Helfer at the keys!Steve Ramm "Anything Phonographic"
andrew dice clay meets phil ochs. hey, listen to it after a few beers. if not, i'll hit ya in the head, i'll hit ya...
It really bites when soundtracks DO NOT include all of the songs featured in the film.Ran into that with Napolean Dynamite too!From the songs listed in the movie credits, this soundtrack is missing:Sands of Iwo JimaStuttering ToddTwo Beat Or Not Two BeatBow to Chinese&Melodic TankHowever it DID include the jazzy a cappella I was looking for!
I want "Try Not To Remember" from Sheryl Crow, and that is the ONLY song on this entire album that is not available for download... it makes no sense!Please make this track available for download!
There are a lot of intimate heartaches exposed in "Dreaming Wide Awake: The Music of Scott Alan".  Thankfully, in the midst of 13 songs lie a celebration of living through the pain and joys of life.This recording is a gift.  It is a generous, unselfish offering borne out of life experiences, wrapped with beautiful chords of music and presented whole heartedly for the enjoyment of the listener. All 13 songs are performed by top notched vocalists, many are considered rising stars of the Broadway stage.  While each number is worth the price of admission, stand out performances include Jonathan Groff's tearful "Now" about the gut wrenching pain of breaking up with someone you love, Shoshana Bean's tear inducing "Home" about the promise and discovery of true love, and Danny Calvert's achingly tender rendition of "Kiss The Air" about the courage to admit and face the dissolution of a marriage.  Other note worthy performance include the fantasy driven  "Never Neverland (Fly Away)" by Stephanie J Block and the exhilarating opening track "I'm A Star" performed with relish by Eden Espinosa.Mr. Alan possesses the talent to capture moments of life and encapsulates them within beautiful melodies.  He is able to conjure strong emotions of sadness and laughter with the simplicity of his lyrics.  My only wish was that he had used Lisa Brescia for "Magic".  Ms. Brescia's pitch perfect performance of the song on YouTube makes her stronger choice than Ms. Adrian Lenox who is performer on the recording.It has been a very long time since I hear something that creates a strong urge to grab the next person I see and say "HERE! LISTEN TO THIS!"  If you are looking for solace during a blue day, "Dreaming Wide Awake" will keep you company like a true friend.  Mr. Alan, I wait with baited breath for your next offering.
The Corner Laughers produce some of the most consistently enjoyable jangle pop you'll ever hear, with a few country touches.
I recently bought an old souvenir program and playbill from Phantom of the Opera (from Wang Center) . I had seen PO there in the early 1990s. I recognized his picture and then went looking for recorded music. Regrettably his passing in 2013 was a great loss to everyone. There are some YouTube videos but they are not very good. This is a nice recording in collaboration with his wife but is only in MP3 . I prefer a cd just for safety. Anyway his voice is unique and rich. I wish there had been more albums of his Broadway roles.Sad loss!
Jeffrey Smith may be off the radar, unless you are a jazz-a-holic. Disappointed that there was no playlist while looking for favorites, Kiss and Tell, Mocha Love etc. Hint hint; check the mp3 list and there are the tracks
I'm happy with their music. Unfortunately, the 1st CD I bought from them had these songs listed on it but were actually the songs from &#34;Bring Back&#34;. Had to edit and retitle the tracks but it's all good now.
This is a great album of country rock tunes. Reminds me of the Byrds, Neil Young, Jayhawks type music. I guess you could say its nothing ground breaking, but its an album that is easy to listen to all the way through. Short disc, but every song is good
I love Kelly and her music is still in the formative stages of her development.  If she keeps growing in her work here as she did on DWTS, she will be a perennial CMA winner.  The quality of her voice and sound is great but I do believe so many of her songs start to sound alike.  I believe she has more versatility than what we hear on this album and I will look forward to hearing that in future works.  In the meantime, I could watch her dance every week!  Great talent, great young artist!
A warm, fresh take on Christmas favorites. It has the feel of friends gathered 'round the fireplace with their instruments, some warm brandy and a gentle snow falling outside.
Remember all these songs so well.  On this particular album some of the songs do not sound like the original for example, in a godda divida. Overall a good collection of tunes.
I thought the mix of songs is a good combination to share with easy listening.  I would recommend to others.
I loved this soundtrack in English, and I really like Dracula in the German version, so I figured I'd give it a try. I don't speak German, but I know the English soundtrack so well that it's fine. My only regret is that there are more songs on this version than the English version. I want the entire soundtrack in English! All in all, it's a good CD, but only buy it if you are a diehard Dracula the Musical fan or if you are fluent in German.
More of the same from composer Frank Wildhorn. If you are into that, this is a fun album with many hooks you've heard before. Strangely un-theatrical recording. Sounds like a pop radio producer got his hands on this score (everything is over produced which diminishes the performances). IN GERMAN. Luckily lyrics are perfunctory so I can understand them. Native German speakers will probably scoff at simplistic translation.
Love the song, Sinatra had a great voice and a lot of good arraingements.Not the version I was looking for. No loss.  Glad to have it among my mp3 collection.
I bought this, along with disc #2, knowing full well that a substantial number of the performances are by third-rate performers.I got exactly what I bargained for, but the scores that I cared most about were by good performers.I can't bring myself to give this 5 stars. The bad performances were embarrassingly cheesy. Consider this a 3.5-star-review.
No it's not ABBA, and it's not even Meryl Streep singing, but it is the German cast recording of Mamma Mia.  Welche Erregung. It's great to hear such familiar tunes de-contextualized in another tongue: ABBA did it themselves but at least now we can all hear some of the less familiar numbers in a different spirit.  Now if only Amazon would make the Dutch, Japanese, Korean, and Spanish versions available for download. I'd be one happy super trooper.  Looking for something safer, try Sinead O'Connor's wonderful cover of Chaquitita.  ABBA, did you have to be so awesome?
Everyone knows his work but few know his name. If you know his name and like his work you will love this title.  I wish it had more of his work.
This album is a nice collection of songs and music related to western movies.  It brings back some memories.  I like it very much.
The album contains most of the selections performed by the singer during her show on the recent Holland America cruise circumnavigating Australia and the quality is excellent as it was then  The only drawback is that I do not have an autographed CD as I would have if I had been able to buy before her stock was exhausted on the Vollendam.
My family and I have attended a presentation of Lamb of God and ended up purchasing a copy and just fell in love with it.  We listen to it every Easter.  So when a friend of mine told me about Joseph the Prophet and I saw it was from Rob Gardner I didn't hesitate to buy it.  I will admit that I still favor Lamb of God (hence the 4 stars), but this is a great tribute to a good man.  It is a magnificent oratorio.  We particularly like the rendition of Praise to the Man at the end of the CD.
I love Broadway show tunes and it reminds me of when my husband was in the play. Bring in some more great show tunes please.  Thanks.
bought this album to get to know this artist.  I like a few of the songs, some are just not for what I care for but overall great for the price
Once upon a time, there was the 1950s, and it was filled with people and I was one of them. One of the small ones, at the time, and I used to watch Captain Kangaroo a lot, and one of the things the Captain often did was play a children's record, like this one, and there would be a sort of illustrated pantomime on the screen, where cutout characters would act out the story in a crude sort of puppet play. Either that, or Captain Kangaroo and Mr. Green Jeans and Dancing Bear would put on funny hats and march around the Treasure House as the song played.Anyway, long story short, I never forgot the swingin' big-band version of "Jack and the Beanstalk" they used to feature. At least, I remembered it as a brassy big-band arrangement, with a male chorus singing out Jack's tale in lusty unison. I spent a lot of time thereafter trying to track down this record (of course, Captain never credited any of the records he used, and I wouldn't have noticed if he had), and had no luck at all. Sad, sad me!But the tale has a happy ending, because lo and behold, it appeared on Spotify and I just listened to it for the first time in, let's say fifty years. Yay Spotify!The song is pretty much how I remembered it, minus most of the brassiness, but including the line "He'll grind your bones to make his bread/ Pumpernickel bread for tea", which led me to assume for years and years that pumpernickel bread had bone meal in it. This inaccuracy caused me to avoid the stuff, and so my rating deducts a star for doling out false food information to an impressionable minor. Unconscionable.
This is a compilation of six songs (mp3 album) taken directly from the game.  If you loved the Eternal Sonata game as much as I did I would highly recommend it.  My only complaint is that the rest of the songs from the game are not offered here.  Having the entire soundtrack would have been better, but what is here will not disappoint.
This is John Barr's fifth solo cd release. As with all his cds he has presented songs that are well known and ones that need to better  know. All I Am is the first ditigal download of one of Barr's cds so I am unable to tell you the wonderful artists behind the arrangements and who plays what. I have never had the opportunity to see John Barr perform in public and cannot remember how I discovered his work, but he's one few artists I can listening to over and over again. His choices of material, arrangements and his interpretation make him on my favorites list on iTunes. The wide range of material include Ray Noble to Stephen Schwartz to Jimmy Dorsey to Julie Gold to Barr himself. Songs include: Somethin' Good (Not to be confused with the song from The Sound of Music), Absent Minded Me, The Very thought of You, The Journey.His other albums include: Anything Can Happen, A Different Corner, In Whatever Time We Have, A Small Affair. Recommend it.
I was not use to this style of singing having only heard him in Phantom and Les Miserable and not other than show tunes,
I enjoy Broadway/show tunes, and this album had a nice mix of them.  Colm Wilkinson has a very distinctive voice, and it was interesting to hear his interpretation of both show tunes and some pop music as well. Some of his interpretations are a little over the top for my taste, so I tend to mix his songs in with other performers for a break.
So hard to find Colm's recordings.  This one is beautiful and certainly captures his passion and expression.  Some songs seemed out of place with his voice or maybe overly expressive, if that's possible.  All in all, a very enjoyable CD.
NancyVery nice group of songs for trial run on my new Kindle Fire HD.Have enjoyed listening to this album.
I always have believed Colm Wilkinson to be a great artist and this CD proves his incrediable talent all the more. The music ranges fron his perfromances that people know singing &#34;Music of the Night&#34; and &#34;Bring Him Home.&#34; He sings with great passion which makes it a joy to listen too. I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of musicals as he sings music from other musicals such as &#34;Jekyell and Hyde&#34; and anyone who likes a range of genres. He is a tenor so all his songs are for that kind of voice but it is wonderful CD that never gets old.
Great warm-ups for sopranos and altos.  No frills, no actual instruction, just warm ups to sing along to.  Scales are divided between sopranos and altos and chest and head voice for each type.  I'm a soprano, learning how to use my chest voice, so really liked that several warm ups focused on chest voice.  Also, it also uses various phrases to sing, not just vowels or other syllables.
This is as close to an original cast album for the wonderful Weill score as we're going to get.  The recording features two of the original cast's stars - the divine Mary Martin early in her remarkable career, and the stalwart Kenny Baker at the peak of his career. They are the album's strongest point, though they represent one of it's flaws, too, since they are the only leading members of the cast heard on the recording.  Baker sings a number that he did not do on stage (West Wind), and probably parts of a second (The Trouble With Women).  The second flaw is that the score is severely truncated.  One Touch of Venus is one of Kurt Weill's best and most accessible scores, and this recording probably gives us less than half (seven songs, one reprise, and two ballets).  Among the fantastic numbers we don't get to hear are the title song, Very, Very, Very, Dr. Crippen, and Way Out West in Jersey.  Some of the omitted numbers are actually better than a couple of the ones they did include, so I wish I knew their criteria for determining what to record and what to leave out.  That said, there is an awful lot to like here.  Martin had a wonderful clear voice, and was superb in conveying emotions.  Baker's full tenor and extremely clear diction are something we don't hear much on the stage (or anywhere) nowadays, but they were relatively more common in the theater of the early forties and preceding decades.  It's worth hearing just for its period authenticity, besides actually being good.  The recording sound quality isn't what we have now, but it was very good for then, and the remastering is very good.  One of the greatest joys of this recording album is the orchestrations.  I gather that Weill did them himself, one of the few composers of that era who did.  His care shows in the way the orchestration fits his music.  The orchestration is also very typical of the pre-microphone era of Broadway.  When the solo singers are singing their lines, the orchestra played very low and avoided playing the melody line, so the singers could be heard.  The orchestra volume swells between lines and verses, and when no one is singing solo.  The orchestration of both the main version of Speak Low and the Finaletto version is particularly exquisite.  Listen for the low underlying beat patterns on the pizzicato strings (or possibly piano), and the solo violins that kick in under Baker's reprise in the finaletto.  They are subtle and gorgeous and show just how much Weill was devoted to his work.  I have to say I like the old style of orchestration much better than what they do now, with the orchestra playing full on throughout, and the singers miked to try and overcome the excess sound.  Back then, singer and orchestra had to yield to each other as needed or neither would come off well.  Now they often just battle it out, and frankly, neither comes off well.  Not to mention that the level of miking needed to carry it off usually distorts the sound in unpleasing ways.  One Touch of Venus is one of the best examples you'll ever hear of that older style of orchestration.  Get it and enjoy.I've now bought the new recording with Melissa Errico and Brent Barrett.  Amazon won't let me post a separate review of the new album because they insisted on putting my review of the old recording on both listings, and claim I've already reviewed the new one as a result.  So the only thing I can do is edit this one to give my opinion on the new recording.  Decidedly irritating - not the recording, but Amazon's confusion.Anyway, I'll give the new recording 5 stars, because it corrects the main issues the old one had.  It truncates nothing.  The full score is presented in all its glory, with an excellent cast, and everything appropriately in character and context.  Ron Raines and Victoria Clark do excellent jobs with their parts.  On the leads, I don't like Errico quite as much as Mary Martin, because Errico doesn't convey emotion quite as well in her singing.  She's pretty excellent, though.  Barrett, on the other hand, does a much better job of putting character into his role than Baker did in the original.  Baker tended towards the wooden, at least when he was singing, though he seemed to do OK in his dialogue.  The only flaw in the casting or performances is that the woman playing Gloria makes her sound too coarse and low class. It's such a small part that this doesn't matter, however. One slight disappointment in the new recording is that the sound seems a little muffled or muddled at times, especially if you play the album at a high volume.  The orchestra is not as good as its 1943 counterpart at avoiding playing over the singers, although they do OK with it.  Errico's dialogue sometimes gets lost and is too quiet to hear if you play the album at the volume that optimizes the balance between singers and orchestra.  And none of this really tempers the joy of hearing the show in full.Now will some one please, please do the same for Weill's Love Life?  And Porter's Jubilee and Dubarry Was a Lady?
Have listened through Mrs. Gerson's new CD several times.  I found it to be a real delight!  I especially enjoyed Alto's Lament and I Want to go to Hollywood; they are so upbeat and uplifting because they are fun and sassy.  Her voice really carries the emotion of each song properly throughout.  For each song, I felt transported to a different and better place.  If you like some theatrical style music, get this album.
This album is very useful for me. Its very great for me because im in a musical and it helps me study the music! Great music by the way! Recomended for everyone!
It's been many O' year since I saw or heard "Oliver" the 1968 movie w/ Ron Moody (who also did the stage),Mark Lester & the late Jack Wild,who might be remembered by my generation, growing in the '60's - '70's, as starring in H.R. Pufnstuf (tell me those creators weren't on a first name basis w/ Timothy Leary?).So when I listen to the samples - it sounds very much like I remember but I don't want to download it to find out it is the stage crew or the Little Rock Touring Co.(I'm trying to be amusing but don't think similar things HAVEN'T happened to me).No disrespect for them intended,just that I want that Movie cast because of a special meaning to me.When I was about 11 I went on a cruise w/ my parents and there was a movie theater on board that ran flicks,pretty much 24 hours strait for the 2 weeks of the cruise.One of the movies was "Oliver".Well I went to movies back home by myself every week because I loved them,here I had a chance to go by myself anytime I wanted - 2:00am - no prob.I felt in control so I saw it like 15 times.Now I'm pretty low on $$$ so I can't afford it anyway - so I certainly do not need to make a NON-refundable purchase w/ such uncertainty. I am not trying to be cheap just thorough.So if anybody can help you would make this old guy happy,and thanks in advance. Ted "Hack" Hackett.
This group has been around a long time, performing at Weddings and Corporate Events around the World.  They have a couple of other recording out, but this one is their latest.  I particularly like "Over The Rainbow" and the Disney song, "Friend Like Me" from Aladdin. The group puts a nice effort towards their ensemble singing and their character really comes through.
Honky Tonk the best rock and roll instrumental of the rock era. This album is the best of the bunch offered here. However sound level is lower than current recording levels.
I love Howard Keel, and I was excited to receive this CD.  I was, however, disappointed by the poor quality of the recordings.  I know that some of the recordings have been remastered because I have the motion picture soundtracks, so I would have thought that the remastered recordings would be used here.  It is a shame that they were not.
There are some slight imperfections in the transfer from record to MP3, especially on MAY YOU ALWAYS.  Despite how you feel about Anita personally, you must give the devil her due.  She was a very good singer worth listening to. Now let`s have her LITTLE CORNER OF THE WORLD LP available on MP3 in the U.S. as it is on AMAZON U.K.
This album has a verison of Wind that I had not heard before it sounds really good .All in all top renditions of cowboy songs from another tpme.
I bought this cd to familiarize myself with the show before playing in it.  The recording is excellent - the show is intriguing.  I'm not sure about the lasting quality of the actual score.
I thoroughly enjoy this album, my only regret is that it contains so few songs.  Yes, they are the most popular of the songs, but there are others that would have fit into the album beautifully.
Saw "Anything Goes" at Lincoln Center back in 1989 with LuPone and it was great.  This London Recording is fantastic and Elaine Paige is fabulous in the lead as Reno Sweeney. One of my favorite musicals. The only problem I have with this recording is that the sound volume is lower than average which is very annoying when playing this in a playlist mix -- and I don't like using automatic volume control. Highly recommended though.
It took a while, but this is growing on me. I especially like Jerome Pradon's &#34;I Will Make You Proud.&#34;
Singing is excellent and recording is well produced. Only reason not 5 stars is that it is just voice and piano, you do not hear full orchestrations. Our pit orchestra wanted to get a flavor for the show and really doesn't help her as there is not orchestra on recording. some great voices and very inspirational to my high school singers to hear how amazing the music in this show can sound.
Wow!  I got a kick out of all of these old show tunes but when I thought there would be a lot more to come, it was suddenly over.  I'm used to musical soundtracks lasting an hour.  This one is only around forty minutes.  Fun while it lasted but way too short.
This was a movie version, that's why I gave it four stars instead of five. I always prefer original Broadway versions. However, this did not disappoint. It is definitely a cut above rap music and rock. It's the way things were. A happier time.
Have always enjoyed the work of Peter, Paul, and Mary so wanted this to be current with their music now.  Found it nice to play while traveling in my car.  Even though it's only Paul, it takes me back to warm moments in my life.
As a child in the 70's my father had a record album of Annie Get Your Gun with Doris Day.  I grew up listening to different musicals.  The album with Doris Day was not available, but who could ever dislike Ethel Merman?
Had this album when I was young.  Missed it so I got it on my tablet. Like it very much. Will download Godspell also soon.
I've loved this rock opera from the first time I saw the movie in 1974. With the enhanced technology you can hear things I never did on my analog version. A couple of the male's lisp their s's. I'll probable buy the Previn one or one of the London recordings some time in the future.
Brian Stokes Mitchell is one of my favorite singers.  He has an amazing baritone voice.  This recording is all show tunes, and I am enjoying it.  I look forward to a Christmas album or a love songs album (if they are made).
an intimate Brian Stokes Mitchell recital-always nice to hear Broadway show tunes sung by this wonderful singer-it is worth it.
I liked it, especially that Mr. Mitchell decided to return to his musical theater routes with his latest recording.  After all, that is his forte and I appreciate his willingness to dedicate his latest recording to it.
Most of the cuts are his wonderful best. Some fell short - like Rich Man from Fiddler. But I love him anyway.
I can only take so much talk radio and constant commercials.  This is very soothing music and the artist has a great voice.
I like Brian Stokes Mitchell and was looking forward to this CD. I enjoyed hearing the songs that he chose to sing especially the ones from Carosuel, Camelot and man from La Mancha.. The accompanying piano was well done!
Pure, unadulterated voice.  I  enjoyed the music very much.  There are some other songs I would have preferred but I likes the ones on the CD as well.
I enjoyed this CD, but I was hoping for a few more of my faves from Stokes- he's always fabulous!
It was a present for my mom.  She has enjoyed listening to it.  Brian Stokes Mitchell has an amazing voice.
Honestly, this fellow could make the Yellow Pages sound good when he sings them.  Stokes is a master of the stage and a master behind a microphone too.
If you like Richard Crooks and want a sentimental journey to a past time of romance then this is for you.  My Father loved this album, so it's quite special to me.  It's not the greatest of quality, but this was recorded long before stereo and one of the cuts have inherited scratches.  None the less, it's the voice of a home grown, great tenor of yesterday.
"Some Enchanted Evening" is the latest album by accomplished singer and actor Dallyn Vail Bayles.Bayles is a talented artist who is no stranger to musicals -- the focus of his latest album.His prolific career includes prominent roles in Broadway touring companies and regional theater, including Hale Centre Theatre in Orem. A former member of Brigham Young University's Young Ambassadors, Bayles has entertained audiences around the world. He was given the honor of performing at the 85th birthday celebration of President Thomas S. Monson, president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He is well known for his moving portrayal of Hyrum Smith in "Joseph Smith: The Prophet of the Restoration." Bayles is a Mormon and lives in Utah.This is Bayles' third solo album. His first two CDs focus on songs with spiritual overtones. "Some Enchanted Evening" is his first solo album that focuses exclusively on songs from Broadway musicals.In particular, Bayles writes on the inside cover of the album that his song choices are "a mix of timeless and contemporary Broadway songs that tell the familiar story of the joys and challenges that love brings."Some of what Bayles presents in this 12-song album is unoriginal and falls flat, but the vast majority of the album provides listeners with a fun and uplifting experience. Tracks such as "Something's Coming" offer less energy than is traditionally found in interpretations of the song, and the title track was disappointingly unoriginal.However, his approach to songs such as "Lily's Eyes," "In Whatever Time We Have," and "The Impossible Dream" show why Bayles is such a tremendous talent.The caliber of his voice is never in question, but what truly separates Bayles from much of the pack is the almost tangible passion that can be felt as he temporarily assumes the role of the character singing each song. While Bayles creates the album's sound, it is the voices of Don Quixote -- Cinderella's prince -- and Archibald Craven that listeners hear.For the majority of the album in which Bayles is at his acclaimed best, he achieves his self-proclaimed goal to both entertain and provide "a source of hope and inspiration because of the messages these songs contain about what matters most in life."
This is a great album, especially if you want Rose Maddox gospel songs with having to purchase the entire box set of her Capitol recordings.This album is posted on YouTube, one song at a time, but the postings are in stereo. The Amazon album is in mono. Thus the four-star rating instead of five.The album was made in the era when both mono and stereo versions of a record were available to the customer. The stereo version usually cost one dollar extra. It would be helpful if the product description included the fact that it is the mono version.
Lovely, heartfelt songs.  A jazzy sound on a summer day. Makes me think of the singers in the '50's, ballads from Broadway, and new indie sounds.  Some funny, all about love, life, loss and moving forward.
I mostly ordered 'the album' in support of Jason's cause, Ear Candy (EarCandyCharity.org). Not crazy about the instrumental, but it would be good for someone who wants background support to sing the song. I would recommend it to anyone who likes Jason or the 25th Anniversary Tour of Les Miserables... or just passionate music.
Great performances, especially Randy Roberts.  Several hit numbers in this show, a great easy listen.  It will be on shuffle for years, so many great numbers.
I've loved Julie Budd for years and this new CD is wonderful, but I want more than just a little over a half hour of music.The medley is absolutely beautiful, but I love all of those songs in the medley and would have preferred to have heard each one individually.  I don't understand why a reprise of "Home" is needed??I hope a record company someday puts together a compilation of Julie's songs like "Always Chasing Rainbows", "Skylark",  "I'll be seeing You" and others.  A voice like Julie Budd's needs to be heard more often...please record more CD's, Julie!  How about a tribute album like what Bette Midler has done or a CD of Broadway or movie music?
I was able to download Julie's new album this morning.  Though only 7 tracks (reason for 4 out of 5 starts), there are 11 songs in total.  The tribute medley to Anthony Newley contains portions of 4 of his biggest hits.  Of all the material chosen, it is well presented and done only the way Julie can.  Her voice is still crystal clear and she lives each song.  My favorite thus far is her Peggy Lee-influenced version of The Beatle's "Love Me Do",  Peggy would be ultra proud of this version.  Very jazzy, sexy and totally hip.  I've always loved Ann Hampton Calloway's "Perfect" from her original album and Roslyn Kind's version from several years ago.  Julie makes it her own.  I always wanted her to do this song.  Of the new material, "Kindred Spirits" is a lovely ballad done to perfection.  The highlight is the Newley medley.  In one of Julie's most recent performances, this is her finale and it is performed so beautifully, the audience is crazy when she completes the journey.  It translates beautifully to album.  I wish Julie much success with this new recording that I am sure you will love.
NPH brings a different energy and vibe to Hedwig, which sets this far enough apart from the original movie soundtrack that it's worth having both. Gotta love the Pixies-esque swagger he brings to a newly rockin' Sugar Daddy, his soulful Origin of Love, and the subtle cheesiness he gives Tommy Gnosis in Tommy's Wicked Little Town.Also, this is the first recording of Long, Long Grift that makes the song feel like a worthy part of the show. Man, that girl can sing!I'd say if you're a Hedwig fan, you'd want to start with the movie soundtrack, but this is a worthy addition to the library.