The web seems to say that this download includes both the original Broadway version (1946) and the original movie version (1950).  There are two versions of many of the songs, so there probably are two versions in the download.  Both are well done.The puzzling part is the performers' names.  Ethel Merman is listed on many of the songs; she played Annie in the Broadway play, so that fits.  However, Clyde Turner is listed as the artist on many of the songs sang by Frank, but Ray Middleton played Frank and he is not listed as the artist on any of the songs. I guess it's possible that Turner is the male singer in the recordings, but that seems very odd.On the second set of songs, apparently from the movie sound track, the singers' names are totally mixed up.  Males are listed as the performers on songs sung by females.  Betty Hutton, who played Annie, is not listed at all.  Howard Keel, who played Frank, is shown as the performer only on songs sung by females, except for one sung by both a male and a female.  Louis Calhern and Keenan Wynn are listed as the performers on most of the songs sung by males.  This can't be accurate.  Inasmuch as it is apparently a movie soundtrack, why would any artist other than the ones in the movie sing any of the songs?Despite the confusion on the performers, this recording is a real bargain and is very enjoyable if you like this style of music.
It's tough to take standards... long-time favorites.. and make something different and special of them. Mike Strickland has done just that with this album. His arrangements are wonderfully creative. Hard to top Frank Mills' &#34;Music Box Dancer&#34;; but the version on this album is fresh and delightful. Mr. Strickland adds new life to &#34;Canadian Sunset&#34; (which is otherwise boring to me). This is the kind of music you'd love to hear at a classy piano bar -- more than background music; it creates an atmosphere that adds significantly to your spirit. This is a winner!
Such a beautiful voice and the songs were wonderful...I went from wanting to dance to laughing to smiling.  I just plain enjoyed listening to these songs!
Joe had left NYC for London when this album came out. I could no longer see him live at the Lady's Fort or Rasheed Ali's Ali's Alley. This album captures Wilson at his best with musicians he regularly played with. It is a joy.
Numerous artists and number 1 hits, great listening to anywhere you go or anywhere your at. A+++++ suggest to everybody.
Little man with the candy cigar...the entire album is worth it just for this song. The rest is fantastic as is all Jo Stafford albums.
Holy Moses - - I can't believe I just found this again!  Many of my days were spent biking the Cape Cod Rail Trail from Brewster to Nauset Beach, listening to this album and Musa Ukungilandela between '88 and '92.  On cassette tapes in a huge, clunky Walkman! Couldn't understand a word they were saying but I quicky grew to love the tunes and the mysterious words and ton of expression Sipho and Johnny sang them with. I just got my first laptop and figured out how to download songs and burn to cd (yes, at 48 I'm a bit behind the times).  For the heck of it, I typed in "Juluka" not expecting much, if anything.  And I found EVERYTHING! Can't wait to listen to these again. Give this long-ago band a try and maybe you'll be hooked for life, too.
These tracks are exactly as I remember them from the original PIP Records albums, and combined with certain tracks from the other album "Smash Flops" (namely, 1/3/5/7/9/11 & 12), you'll get the complete original Sherman & Larsen... um... experience? My only complaint is that tracks 3 through 16 are completely mis-titled! So, if you've downloaded this album and think some of the songs don't go with the names, you're right. Here, therefore, are the correct titles, in order:1 - Watch World War Three On Pay TV2 - Fill Out The Policies, Mother3 - The Annual Get-Together Of The KKK And The NAACP4 - Guillotine Days (vocal: Sharon Randall)5 - Fifty Million Commies Can't Be Wrong6 - That Big Sporting House In The Sky*7 - It's Fun To Be Hazed8 - Oh What We Grow (In Old Mexico)9 - Send The Girls Over There10 - I Saw Adolph Today (vocal: Sharon Randall)11 - The Richer They Are (The Slower I Cure Them)12 - Why Don't They Leave The Slums Alone?13 - When Amelia Earhart Flies Home Again14 - I Wish I Was In Chicago (On St. Valentine's Day)15 - Little Rock, That All-American Town16 - Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon17 - There'll Always Be Forty-Eight States18 - The Authors Speak! (Pithy Insights On The Madness [etc.])Tracks 1-12: Previously released as "Sing A Song Of Sickness" featuring The Crown City Four.Tracks 13-17: Previously released on "Smash Flops" featuring The Characters.Track 18 is exclusive to this compilation.You're welcome.(*-Oh, before I forget... the version of "That Big Sporting House In The Sky" on this album omits the first verse. Check "Smash Flops" for the complete song!)
A musical m&eacute;lange of bad taste, impropriety and social embarrassment from Milt Larsen and award winning Richard M. Sherman includes satirical songs based on terribly unfunny subjects such as Watch World War Three on Pay TV, When Amelia Earhart Flies Home, Sleepy Cape Canaveral Moon plus 14 others. Bonus "Authors Speak" included. Funny! Lyrical!
I really enjoyed this CD. Great music and a voice that's incredible. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes Jazz or Gospel music.
I have about 5 different Big Band collections on cassette and CD.  This collection is my favorite.  I can't put my finger on why.  But I think it is the up-tempo nature of most of the songs on this compilation.  The quality is about right for me--not amped up or exaggerated by remastering.  Yeah, the sound quality is not as good as stuff recorded 20 years later, but I can easily live with it.  I stumbled across this album looking for the signature Big Band Song: Sing, Sing, Sing.  It also has my tie for favorite big band song: I Can't Get Started by Bunny Berigan.  I also enjoy Skyliner by Charlie Barnet.
This CD is truly amazing. Dorothy Loudon was a wonderful singer and the music is great!  Loved it.Amazon is the best shopping place to go. They are fair and the Support is really great!Thank you!Carol Chrzanowski
Saw this on Broadway (as the second half of "Falsettos") and loved it; have listened to the cast album so often, I'd have worn it out if it had been vinyl.  Powerful, emotional, loving, surprising, funny, tragic--all appropriate descriptions for this album.  {ProfJonathan}
For Johnny Mercer fans, this collection of songs that he wrote, and sings, is as good as it gets. I strongly recommend it!
I bought this CD for a musician friend who wanted to hear the definitiveversion of One for My Baby which is recommended in Gene Lees recent biography of Johnny Mercer. I am a huge Johnny Mercer fan as well as he was very complex emotionally but created lyrics for most of the great American songs we all have come to know and love.
This CD is a treat to own! Johnny Mercer was a very good singer-something not many people recognize! I would highly recommend this CD for people who enjoy great music by such composers as Harold Arlen (That Old Black Magic," "Come Rain or Come Shine") or Henry Mancini ("Moon River"). (Yes, these songs are on this CD.) I would agree with Joshua (another reviewer of this CD) when he says that some of the songs have a distinct `70s sound to them-but, then again, who cares? All the songs are performed very well-and if you like that `70s sound you will enjoy this album even more.The liner notes are well written and there are a few very good photos of Mercer and some of his assistants at the time these songs were recorded in 1974. The sound quality is excellent.Johnny Mercer CDs are not too easy to find; he didn't make many albums. This CD is an excellent portrait of Mercer's work as a singer. He was a very talented lyricist as many people know; now we can appreciate his fine talents even more as we hear him sing the wonderful lyrics he wrote! A BUY!  GRIN
I find this album quite ideal. In contrast to the other listeners, I enjoy the peculiar arrangements. The Rhodes piano, the heavily fluted horn section, the wah-wah guitar - all make for a (dare I say "funky"?) relaxing, yet sophisticated sound, which is, despite is uniqueness, hardly "dated." As I earlier stated, I find the arrangements smooth, relaxing and sophisticated - just the way Mercer tunes were meant to sound. And to those accused the band of disco leanings simply because a few of the tunes were done in a lively, horn-heavy, 4/4 time signature, think again. Remember, Bobby Darin did "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby" in a very similar arrangement 13 years earlier! A 10 star album.- Chuck
I realize most people today would find this CD old and outdated.but for me that is not the case. I love these beautiful old hymns as sung by some men who most assuredly must have encountered the living Lord Jesus Christ at the feet of " The Old Rugged Cross.". Their voices blend in glorious harmony as they sing about their Saviour.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to  hear spirit filled gentlemen sing the old hymns in lovely harmony from their heart from someone who have met Him at the foot of the Cross.
As the 1950's came to a close, Louis Armstrong decided to pay a lavish jazz-filled tribute to the golden era of popular song from the 1920's to the 1940's andthe crooners who gave it its sophisticated charm.  This album is a snapshot of atime when popular music was at a crossroads: romantic crooning would surviveas nostalgia, but with a dash of fresh young talent; the big bands have dwindledto a plentiful few; folk music have made its time-honoured comeback and finallyrock and roll had rose from a big time fad to a powerful world class music genre.Take Blueberry Hill, the song was a big hit for Gene Autry and Glenn Miller, andfollowing his version from the early-1950's it have became a hit again--this timefor Fats Domino in 1955.  With Satchmo In Style, Armstrong would choose fromthis American Songbook repertoire where other slick versions includes It's All InThe Game, Jennie (A Dream Of Lilac Time), Listen To The Mockingbird, IndianLove Call, Spooks and You're Just In Love.  Backed with a harmonic orchestralarrangement, the session also feature Louis Armstrong parodying bebop in TheWhiffenpoof Song, and with four additional bonus tracks added, you get to heara different take on When It's Sleepy Time Down South, where he plays them allin his inimitable style--Satchmo Style!
The City of Prague Philharmonic always offers a lush sound to their music, but more than that, they often sound exactly like the original version of the music that they play.  These selections are wonderful to listen to.
This is the type of music I enjoy.  I put it on my Sandisk.  What a great way to walk.
I think most people who knew Sam from the 80's would love this CD. To me it some of his best work.
Numerous compilations of the works of Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber have been presented to the listening audience. This is one of my all time favorites. The well loved, as well as some of the lesser known gems are together in a coherent package. I don't find myself searching and skipping as much as sitting back and letting the show unfold. To whomever compiled the songs for this collection, thank you very, very much.
This new score, written by the brilliant Jonathan David Sloate, is hopefully an indication of what musical theatre is becoming...or, more accurately, how it's being reinvented...beautiful music, clever and moving lyrics, and a serious yet poignant storyline. THE NEW PICASSO is just what musical theatre needs! And the performers on this recording are nothing short of Broadway's best: Max von Essen (LES MISERABLES), Christiane Noll (JEKYLL & HYDE), Robert Cuccioli (JEKYLL & HYDE), Ashley Amber (DANCE OF THE VAMPIRES), Brooke Sunny Moriber (PARADE), and Rodney Hicks (IN THE HEIGHTS) lead the cast.Although this is only a "concept recording" (meaning the score is bound to change in some way before a production is staged), the quality of the performances is excellent. My favorite songs include "I Believe," "Wind Up Doll," "Save Tomorrow for Another Day," "Live Your Dream," "Act I Finale," "All the Lonely People," "Girl of My Dreams," "He's the One," and "A Hero to Me." But this score is one to be enjoyed in its entirety. And, if you love musical theatre the way I do, you're going to enjoy this score in its entirety!
I created a Pandora station to get a sampling of songs by Tonic Sol-Fa before purchasing this album. I liked so many of the songs I decided to buy the whole album. The music is upbeat and there is a wide variety of styles on this album. Love it!
Forest Sun has an amazing talent. If you like singer song writer genre, you will enjoy this. I always picture myself sitting in a nice cozy bar in Nashville listening to them live sipping on nice cold beverage. The lyrics the music are beautifully done. Especially in this song For the Story.
After the various O brother and O sister compilations, it was perhaps inevitable that an album with O Christmas in the title would follow - but it's well up to the standard I hoped for, as well as including some wonderful surprise new singers.First, the expected - Rhonda Vincent opens the set with a magnificent rendition of Christmas time's a-coming, which seems to appear on every bluegrass Christmas collection (including the one by Patty Loveless), but rarely appears anywhere else. Some day, a rock band will discover this song, record it and take it to the wider audience that it deserves.Other excellent performances from established names in bluegrass include The friendly beasts (The Johnson mountain boys), Go tell it on the mountain (Cox family), Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer (Lynn Morris), O Christmas tree (Rhonda Vincent) and a medley by Doyle Lawson and Quicksilver.I was also pleased to see Jeannie Kendall's name here - this was not a surprise as she also appeared on O sister 2. Jeannie uses her unique voice to sing Smoky mountain Christmas.Perhaps the biggest surprise is the quality of the recordings by some of the new names that Rounder have chosen to introduce.You've heard Winter wonderland and Here comes Santa Claus many times, but the Shankman twins (two sisters that are new to me) sing them with such entusiasm that really captures the fun of Christmas. Unquestionably, these are among the finest recordings of these songs I've heard, maybe the best of all.Another interesting new act is Open road, who also do two songs - Christmas is near and Blue Christmas (this is given a completely different, uptempo arrangement - I'm not sure if it really suits the song, but it makes a nice change and is very well done).This is an outstanding album of all-new recordings by singers and pickers who clearly enjoyed themselves. The general feel is very upbeat, making it suitable for playing at any time over the Christmas period. It deserves to win many new fans for bluegrass music.
Just push play, sit down and let you feet start clicking or get up and dance. This is a great bluegrass Christmas album!
Queen your the Best your talent is right up there with all the other R&B; Sisters your a true work of theMaster, the Master has his hand on your life and talent, I would of like to have been on your recordingBut believe me you have much praise from me you really don't have to be starred your are a star my star.ASE! Your Solder
How have I missed on this artist for nearly a decade?  Alternative Soul, Jazz ... whatever you want to call her style, it's some of the most incredibly beautiful music I've ever heard.  Her voice will make you fall in love!
Wing is fun.You'll either love her or hate her.She's got her own style.She does a whole lot of covers.Very unique
What a delightful surprise was this CD!  We were hunting for winter holiday music that celebrated the seasons, without going all gospel and Christmassey on us.  This CD contains a wonderful mix of songs, which you have not heard before and yet will want to listen to, again and again.  Sophia Bilides' voice is as warm and comforting as a mug of rich cocoa.  Not only does she have a beautiful alto voice, but she conveys the moods of each song so strongly that they tend to stick in your soul, and stay.  This album -- in one year -- has replaced all others as our family's all-time favorite holiday album.  In particular, we adore her hilarious, original rendition of "Penguins Must Sing."  That song, alone, is worth the purchase price.
Hi for some reason Amazon labled my CD as having explicit lyrics, this is not true! Although I have tried to get them to correct this it has so far proved impossible. Rest assured there is nothing explicit contained within this music unless you count the unabashed praise of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ as explicit, in which case I'm guilty as charged!BlessingsSteve Counsel
This show is wonderful. The music is hauntingly reminiscent of Les Miserable but not a copy of it. Please continue to write.
Having been a choral conductor for 25 years, I can authoritatively say Rebecca Lowe has an extremely gifted voice. These gifted voices do NOT come along often!
My kid loves Disney music and we listen to them constantly in the car.  I bought this CD as an alternative to the Disney Collection CDs which we've listened to repeatedly.Well, I listened to it twice before I even had a kid in the car with me.  My only complaint is that it's too short.  I could listen to this for much longer!
You gotta love a singer who adds extra nonsense syllables to "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" and "Chim Chim Cheree".A singer with a distinctive voice and style is quite often a poor choice to sing well-known songs.  But there's no such problem here.  The combination of Louis Armstrong and Disney works well - Satchmo's characteristically infectious joy is exactly right for most Disney songs.  And he can be quite heartwarmingly sentimental, too, in "When You Wish Upon a Star".  He has lots of fun with two songs from "The One and Only Genuine Original Family Band", and his "Bear Necessities" is a joy.  There are (almost) no compromises - every song but one is both pure Disney and pure Satchmo.The one exception is "Davy Crockett".  It's a good rendition, and fun to listen to, but his delivery doesn't work quite as well with this as it does with the fairy tale songs. It's great Louis, but it's not characteristically Disney.  For some reason, New Orleans Square is closer to Fantasyland than to Frontierland.But the album as a whole remains delightful.  Nobody is more un-self-consciously happy than Satchmo, and what more do you want for Disney songs?
This is a fun music.  Louis Armstrong is one of the best and what could be more upbeat than Disney classics?  This is uplifting, &quot;feel good&quot; music that is sure to put a smile on your face. Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah [From Song of the South] is worth the price of the album alone, but the album is consistently high quality from start to finish. There are no bad tracks on it. Although an analogue recording from 1966, the sound quality on the CD is superb. This will appeal to both children and the child within.
Satchmo and Disney, my first reaction was not possible.  I am glad I overcame my initial reaction because this CD must be the proof text for the axiom that opposites attract.  This is a relaxing CD that is comfortable with what it is and comes guaranteed to put a smile on your face and greater admiration in your heart for the breathe and versitility of the great Satchmo.
&#34;Disney Songs the Satchmo Way&#34; is a wonderful album that combines the best of old school Disney with Louis Armstrong.
the great louis, playing the great disney songs.  how can there be anything bad about this music?  of course it's not "potato head blues", but what else is?  satchmo is having a great time singing and playing as only he can do.  listen.  enjoy.  listen again.
than 10 tracks.  Louis Armstrong once again proves that his human magic and unique voice can turn any song, even the relatively banal ones here, into a masterpiece.  Kids and adults alike should respond to this one.  There was never anyone like Louis, and if you have been living on Pluto and don't own any of his CDs yet, try the Very Best of Louis Armnstrong for his pop side and Plays WC Handy as an introduction to his jazz.
As a big fan of Louis I endure complaints from my young kids all the time in the car to please change the cd. This cd allows me to enjoy my favorite artist and has helped my children to better appreciate his work. It is infectious throughout and musically stands on its own merit. Highly recommended .
When musicians do arrangements of Disney tunes, as a rule, they get an attack of the &quot;cutes:&quot; Disney songs arranged in the styles of Bach, Debussey, etc.  But Armstrong took these songs seriously, didn't &quot;sing down&quot; to his audience, and worked the same magic on these tunes that he could work with any material that he approached.  His growly Papa-Bear voice is especially perfect for &quot;The Bare Necessities,&quot; from &quot;The Jungle Book,&quot; but it's his jazz version of &quot;Chim Chiminee&quot; that sticks in my head.  Any album by Armstrong is a five-star by definition, but I think this will become one of my all-time favorites.
I've said it before about Kellye...she can sing, she can swing.  Get all her stuff, NOW.
The notorious creator of the indie comic and flash cartoon Neurotically Yours brings us his skill as a musician. Jonathan pours out his heart and soul as he lulls you into a bleak atmosphere. His music is truthful and inspired as he confronts the darkest parts of the human condition. Every melody here carries the weight of human anxieties and despair, and forces the listener to look into themselves and face their own inner demons.Emotional and powerful I hope Jonathan continues to go forth in his musical work as he as continued through out the years with his cartoons.
The story behind this CD collection is as engaging as the songs themselves.  Done as a tribute to the memory of his Mother, who was a big Valentino fan, this CD is a delight from start to finish.  The producer, Phil York, took great care with Valentino's two recordings, cleaning them up and also pirching them correctly.  You can really hear Valentino for the first time.  As Valentino said himself upon listening to his records, "There goes my opera career!"  The remainder of the songs on the CD are either recordings of vintage pieces connected to Valentino (my fav "If I had a man like Valentino") and a few newly composed songs.  Mr. York culled some wonderful talent to play and perform the songs.  It's a project done with love, humor and well worth adding to your collection.  I treasure this, it's really a lot of fun.
This was a great CD and fundraiser for Karen's alma mater.  She could recreate if for you HS as a fundraiser.!  Contact Karen Sokolof Javitch via [...]
This album is awesome if you like the movie and are interested in listening to what the songs originally sounded like, and a few of the songs actually sound much better than in the film's soundtrack (aside from the production value).But for some reason Amazon (as well as iTunes) got the track names of "Night Surgeon" and "Legal Assassin" mixed up.
Having heard Don in person - he has great voice - I couldn't resist these classics. I was not disappointed.
I LOVE Rob Garner's music.  It is so powerful, beautiful, and calming to listen too.  It was definitely a great buy.
Once in a lifetime (if you're lucky) you might run across a talent that is so unique, and unforgettable. This was my lucky moment. From the first note she sang, to the last, I knew I was in love!
Teri Hansen is such a pleasure. Just close your eyes, put back your head, and let her voice transport you
A GORGEOUS SOUND ESPECIALLY BERMUDA WATERS, HOPE SHE MAKES MORE SMOOTH JAZZ, I LOVE THE BACKGROUND JAZZ ON HER CD
I have heard Cyndi perform Live and she is amazing. I enjoyed all of the tracks on this album.  They all have a good mix, and the "tightness" of the band and vocalists is well evident.  I particularly like her rendition of "There is a God" better than any other,  including the original.  Just listen to the samples,  they speak for themselves.
Helen Humes is one of my top favorites and this album is packed with &#34;joint jumpin'&#34; fun! All tracks are clear and wonderful, and her lyrics often make me chuckle, they're just so good. If you are not familiar with her music, start with this album and you won't be disappointed! If you are already a fan, then this album needs to be in your collection.
It would be unfair for me to write a review of this CD, as I wrote it...My collaborator and I are looking forward to a production in Elko, Nevadathis Fall!FORLORN HOPE is a good telling of the journey of the pioneers known as THEDONNER PARTY.  It is a sad story, full of hope, and the struggle to survive.  And it is all true.  1846-47 was the year. And it is timeless.TERI
Michael Polese is a simply an amazing songwriter. The melodies and lyrics caress and move, and some of them are positively inspiring, while never heavy-handed. If you like early Elton John or Billy Joel, Matt Alber, Levi Kries, Jackson Browne, you'll love Michael Polese.
I love old piano music, and this fits the bill to a "T". It reminds me of the live piano music I hear at Disneyland's Carnation Corner. Happy stuff. It would also be great music for a retro bar.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I ordered this particular album, but I'm definitely not disappointed.The first Pet Acoustics album I ordered, &#34;Relaxation Music For My Cat And Me&#34;, was a real kitty crowd-pleaser, both at home and at adoptions, and my husband and I have really enjoyed it too.  The songs on &#34;Relaxation Music for the Holidays&#34; have the same new agey feel as other Pet Acoustics albums.  The songs aren't exactly &#34;Christmas songs&#34;.  Most of any given song on this album seems to be original composition designed to appeal to pets, but interspersed within the songs are recognizable (if slightly tweaked) bits and pieces of traditional Christmas songs like &#34;Jingle Bells&#34; and &#34;We Three Kings&#34;.  I'm terrible at identifying instruments based just on their sound, but there's definitely plenty of acoustic guitar, some violin, and what sounds like harp at some points.  A couple of tracks have some very subtle and ethereal vocals in the mix, and there are even some very soft jingle bells.And this album has also been well-received by our cats.  At the present moment we share our home with 10 cats total, and they really do all seem to get along better and be more relaxed with this music playing.  One of our cats, Sophie, doesn't normally let people pet her but actually hops into my lap wanting to be petted when I'm sitting at the computer with this music playing, something that virtually never happened before I started playing this music.
I just saw Audra McDonald play Billie Holiday in &#34;Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill&#34;.  Listening to this recording, I am in even more awe of the talents of Audra McDonald and how she captured the glorious essence of the one and only Billie Holiday.
Calling anything "the very best" is hyperbole, but I have to admit that whoever selected the tracks for this compilation knew my tastes pretty well. In truth, the inclusion of the Fine and Mellow rendition from the December 8, 1957 broadcast on CBS' The Sound of Jazz is what grabbed me. I've always been moved by that performance, especially when Lester Young comes in with his solo.Setting aside my personal love of that track, I do not think I'll get much argument saying that the songs on every other track represent her best material.  Many are live performances and broadcasts, so the quality is going to be uneven/ Therefore don't expect to hear each song performed they way it was during, for example, her mid-30s sessions produced by John Hammond.For the hard core fan this album is a treasure. It would even serve as a great introduction to Billie, but I think that there are better albums with better performances for that. Or perhaps I am being too elitist because in honesty my introduction to her music was with a lot of the exact performances that are in this album. Flip a coin.  Seriously, there is a lot of great music on this album and I cannot imagine anyone not loving it. As for the "Very Best Of" title, I'll leave that for you to decide.
Beckie lives in my Sheridan Road condo and I've known her for years and knew she was a pianist and cabaret singer, but had never heard her voice. So, ordered Real Emotional Girl and wow!!! Big girl and big fabulous full-bodied voice. Didn't realize that someone I knew could have such a fabulous talent!
Great Singer of the blues, this CD is a house rocking good time. I want to thank Joe Louis Walker and his band for turning me on to Katherine Davis as they are all on tour in Turkey right now.
This sounds like Dennis recorded this in his own comfortable front room, surrounded by close friends.  He is so comfortable with this recording it must have been that way.  I have heard him live many times at local establishments in Las Vegas and he has never sounded better.  The only thing Dennis is missing is EGO.  He is a wonderful entertainer.  You will never regret owning this album.  It is reminiscent of all the "old masters" that just go on for eternity.  Great job Dennis, never quit.  Jerry LaFavor, lifetime drummer and still working at 72.
This is a beautiful song sung by Clay. I've heard snippets of other songs from this cd and can't wait to get my hands on it.  It's a must have for fans of all ages.
Clay's voice and emotion along with the heavenly strings, guitar, and piano bring a real beauty to Ryan Tedder's lyrics.  I am moved every time I hear this song.  Thank you to all the artists involved.
This is my favorite Christmas album of all that I have and I have many.  I have put it on all of my music players and it is the only one I want to listen to this year.
If you like Daniel O'Donnel, you'll love this music. It is indeed Christmas, but with an Irish flare. The recording is great, as usual. I like his arrangements.
This is a truly great acappella album. You will recognize most of the songs on it because they are all (I'm pretty sure) covers, but Insideout gives each their own personal touch. A friend gave me this album because he liked it so much, and I've since had several people want to know where they can get their copy. It really is enjoyable and easy to love. I've tried Insideout's other albums, but didn't really get into them. Some have heavy religious tones, and if you're not LDS you may not relate. This one, however, is their masterpiece, and accessible to everyone.
In fairness I have to say I did not download this CD but even better I got to see Jonathan Whitton in a recent live performance at BB King's. This guy truly embodies the character in each of his songs and his emotional depth is superb! He also has an expressive, knockout voice and is disarmingly charming. Download it!!! Or better still go to CDBABY.com and buy the CD. Also google him and go to his website so you can see where he is performing next. Check him out on YOUTUBE; you will love him!
This is a phenomenal recording.  Scott Alan is an extremely talented young song writer and has put together a beautiful collection of his songs sung by exceptional talent!
I'm a preschool teacher and this album is a riot!  It's not 'dirty', but contains short, irreverent songs for adults with guillotine humor.  I would never play these for my class (as the cover-disclaimer states), but it's perfect for a lighthearted staff meeting!  The singer has a great voice, the cover is cute, and I can't stop listening!  My fave is &#34;Psych. Ward Applause&#34; (singer's take on &#34;If You're Happy and You Know It&#34;) because often when dealing with toddlers, you feel like you're in a psych ward!
This is the music you would make if you were good enough to make this kind of music. Most of us who play, recognize real talent when we hear it. This guy has gotten better and better as he's gotten older.This is sophisticated pop, with great grooves, players, changes, lyrics, mix, engineering, production... wht more can you say.
WOW! I recently (re)discovered Robbie Dupree thanks to a Pandora channel.  This album is a smooth, bluesy, jazzy delight.  It has a very similar vibe to the very best Steely Dan works. Give this a listen! I really like this disc and am now about to go back and re-explore his past work. Looking forward to it!
You, me and Dupree... the recipe for an introspective, groove-injected sonic experience. The new TIME AND TIDE is an amalgamation of intoxicating, funky-retro grooves, sophisticated lyrics and rich vocals from hitmaker Robbie Dupree. You remember the 1980 smash "Steal Away" and the Top 10 follow up, "Hot Rod Hearts"? Since those days, he's been quite busy writing, producing and performing, with some 9 recordings to his credit over the past 25 years and a loyal, global audience. TIME AND TIDE is the artist's first foray into Smooth Jazz, a genre he feels is simpatico with his adult brand of music... we fully agree! The Woodstock, NY resident has created a collection of songs here for 2008 that reflects a jazz sensibility with a pop agenda. Fans of Steely Dan, Michael Franks, Don Henley and, thinking even more contemporary, John Mayer... will thrill at Dupree's new, artful adventure. What we don't have here is an 80's pop star repackaging his material and selling it as fresh. Instead, Robbie Dupree is an evolved musician's musician who surrounds himself with stellar players, new media and innovative ideas. This Renaissance man has produced a brilliantly robust new album; to our ears it rivals anything we've heard from the above-mentioned iconic artists. Tracks like "Sugar Tree," "Blue Monday," "Wrapped Around Your Finger" and "Satisfied" are sure to lure you into the ever-evolving world of Robbie Dupree.
Kevin has the best voice on Broadway.  This is not just someone singing songs, he gives you the entire performance.  All the subtle nuances are unbeliveable!  "Music of the Night" is the best I've heard bar none.  "American Dream" is another bravo performance.  The cutest song is "Tiny Feet" from "Dracula, the Covenant".  The song with the best lyrics is "Why" written by Dodie Pettit.  It's very poinant and moving.  This albu is a must have for your collection.  Best CD I've heard in years.
Too bad he's not done more CDs, his voice is truly extraordinary.  His Music of the Night is second to none and Rogers& Hammerstein highlights were magnificent if too brief.
This is a very good collection of music - a little something for everyone. Henry is really good at getting the right artists together to do justice to the songs. The Halloween song will be a favorite of yours!
I have nearly all Jeffery Smith CD's and they are by far better than many well know jazz artists.  If you really lovejazz guitar, then you should give Mr. Smith a try.  I believe you won't be disappointed.
If you like your jazz hot and smooth, this is the one! Some solid licks along with melodic instrumentalts. OMG! It's hot! Sit back and let this one sear your mind and soul! My favorite selection is Sweet Serenade, ummm yes, so delightful indeed!
The music of Epiphany Project might be described as: Western pop merged with Middle Eastern standards integrated with European classical infused by sacred music. (There's a genre!)Setting aside the futility of pigeonholing the Epiphany Project, its music is both soulful and catchy; reflective and uplifting.Composer and pianist John Hodian serves  melodies and rhythms that are fresh, infectious, etherial.Vocalist Bet Williams deploys her plastic voice artfully, masterfully. She lilts, coos, and nearly yodels, across four octaves. She teases, haunts, and infects anyone within earshot.If you like Bet's voice (if you don't, consult the nearest otolaryngologist), look into her several available solo works. The very talented Hodian has his own worthy solo albums as well.Formerly of Woodstock, New York, Williams and Hodian are now based in Germany. Together, this husband and wife team, create wonderfully original, expressive, and most enjoyable, music. Not only do they defy categorization, they occupy a class by themselves, sui generis.The Epiphany Project surely deserves much more attention and acclaim than it's had to date.I am an unabashed fan. If you listen to their music, you likely will become one, too.
I have "Tribute to Jimmy Rushing" from this album on a tape from a jazz show from 1970 and have been looking for a copy every since. Finally someone decided to make the album available so that Helen Humes in her second career, backed up by a collection of European sidemen - all terrific - can be heard in some of the best swinging that anyone has ever done. Her young voice, clear like a bell, moves things along even when she was in her 60's. Wonderful stuff, can't listen without a smile or a tear.
This beautiful, moving cd was the soundtrack for the excellent Korean historical drama "Seoul 1945."  The music is sometimes haunting, always sincere.  It's beautiful without being the least bit cloying.  I'm not a big soundtracks person, but this is one of a small handful I wouldn't want to be without.  (There are several other Korean historical dramas soundtracks amazon.com should sell.) This gorgeous music is emotive even if you've never seen the series.
This CD presents ten songs done in a "live" setting at a place called Big Duke's on Chicago's West Side in November, 1976.  The band consists of:  Jimmy Dawkins (guitar and vocals), Richard Kirch (rhythm guitar), Sylvester Boines (bass), and Tyrone Centuray (drums).  It's a basic lineup with no horns, keyboard, blues harp, or background vocals, but still the music sounds big and full.  This CD can be hard to find, but it's a good one and worth seeking out.  What makes it a good CD?  Jimmy Dawkins.  But to try to explain further, it involves the feeling that is expressed by Dawkins through his heartfelt vocals and his all-for-business guitar tone.  Thankfully, the recording process allowed for the feeling to ring through loud and clear.  This is not blues-lite, which is not very satisfying, however for those who are not used to this much power and soul, "Come Back Baby" may prove to be too over-the-top for a listen all at one sitting.  Jimmy goes after "the big sound", helped by his use of a semi-hollow electric guitar with two humbucking pickups.  Of course, others have used this setup, but most others do not have his commitment nor his expression.  The right notes have to be struck and played in such a way so as to wring out all the emotion from the instrument.  Dawkins has been called "fast fingers" as well as "west side guitar hero", but those short descriptions do not fully portray the message of his music.  Listening to this CD is the best way to know and feel Jimmy Dawkins' message.
This is an excellent live recording, many times live recordings are frustrating. The sound is full and sounds live without being a step away from something but a step toward a fine capture of the players. I would only add to the previous review that the drumming is magnificent. Jimmy kills it all over, quite nice. But the drumming is more than tight, it lifts to its own notice. All to all- a fine addition.
Their arrangements are top notch! The lead singer, Paul van Kessel, is fantastic! He's got a great voice and technique. The band consists of the finest musicians. They update the old big band sounds to a very cool, exciting sound. Instruments include piano, bass, drums, alto sax, tenor sax, tenor and baritone sax, trombone, trumpets and flugelhorn. My friends and I just love this CD. We've been listening to this over and over. Just love it.
I heard this cd playing in a little store in Omaha, Nebraska and just had to have it. I love the variety of material and love the way I feel when I listen to it. I just wish they would have included some lyrics for their original pieces. Can't wait for another release from these guys!
I can't believe I found this album! I am so psyched!I forgot how awesome this CD was. My original copy (which was SIGNED, by the way) was stolen in a break-in many years ago. [...] This album was given to me by my friend Stephen Hill (RIP, my baby).So if you guys (Ron and Paul) ever read this... know that I still love you with all my heart. You should know how much joy and pride you instill in your fans, now and forever.
While there is some nostalgia tied to this album for me, it's also simply a fun, folksy look at Queer life in the mid to late 80s. A reflection of the times as were living with AIDS and had yet to see much progress even 20 years after Stonewall.  It also looks at issues that still ring true today, such as the process of coming out. Songs in the album range from serious to sad to campy.  There's a good chance that many of these songs will get stuck in your head.
I didnt care that much for Kellie on AI and didnt bother with her debut cd but after watching her sing I wonder on the CMA's I feel in love with her. She does have a heart of gold and I would recommend this cd to every country/pop fan out there because its the new kind of country with a voice that is amazing truly a HUGE SURPRISE! GOOD LUCK KELLIE I THINK WE'LL BE SEEING YOU ON STAGE FOR THE COUNTRY MUSIC AWARDS FOR FEMALE SOLO ARTIST OF 2009!
At a Musicares benefit recently, Bruce Springsteen described James Taylor as an "authentic Southern voice", certainly true of his writing but which turned out a tad ironic when at the same time Alison Krauss stole his signature song.  Which will, probably someday be owned by a more mature Kellie Pickler.  Her self-titled (deluxe version) album showcases a velvety-smooth yet powerful hyper-articulate Carolina accent that turns words from clunky ugly ducklings into the soaring swans conceived in the songwriter's minds eye. Kellie Pickler is one of the few country artists who learned to speak from listening and loves to make words, with even the smallest of which she can convey an entire emotional narrative, and a dime-store novel in a single phrase.  Two tracks stand out with a rare combination of high energy, sparkling writing and sheer production musicality: "Don't You Know You're Beautiful" and "Anything But Me".  Women's liberation came late to country music, and these are two powerful new pop anthems in that recently minted genre, reminiscent of Martina McBride's "This One's for the Girls".  Also check out "Small Town Girl", from Kellie's same-titled album.
Kellie Pickler calls her second album simply "Kellie Pickler." That's appropriate because the songs reflect more of her unique outlook and larger-than-life personality.At the same time, the album fuses two years of musical maturity -- hundreds of concerts and sessions with Nashville's best song writers -- with the work of a hand-picked producer who brings out Kellie's best.All this adds up to a rich, well-rounded album that gives us more insight into Kellie Pickler than ever before.I love all the tracks, but my personal favorites are:"Best Days of Your Life" -- Kellie lets an ex-boyfriend know he peaked when he dated her. Co-written with Taylor Swift, who sings background vocals, this tune shows breakout potential."One Last Time" -- One of three great ballads on the album. A relationship is too draining to continue, but a last spark of desire remains."Lucky Girl" -- Smokin' hot and perfectly arranged. From now on, when you hear "sexy country siren," this is the song you'll hear in your head."Going Out In Style" -- An over-the-top, tongue-in-cheek intro kicks off this lively, humorous tribute to excessive consumption."Don't Close Your Eyes" -- Kellie enriches the offerings on the Deluxe version with a beautiful pure country classic. Kellie's cover of the Keith Whitley classic reminds us that she can sing traditional country as well as anyone today. True to the original, it also shows country fans how much we miss Whitley.
I will be honest, I thought this girl was going to be a one hit wonder, but she has got me hooked!  This album was incredible, and this woman has a great future ahead of her in the country music industry.Spend the extra dollar and get the deluxe version of the CD, you will not be disappointed!  I am a converted fan, and I will be looking forward to her next album!Enjoy!
Tom Kubis and company tear it up with a rousing collection of great holiday cheer. Of particular note is Wayne Bergeron's solo on &#34;Oh Holy Night&#34;. Wayne provides a commanding performance reminiscent of the sorely missed Maynard Ferguson.Every Jazzer needs this cool collection of great holiday classics. Great job Tom!
It is a great sound track from the movie HSM3.With a variety of hit music, that is catchy.
This cd and movie exceeded many people's expectations.  You can see, feel and sense how much the cast has grown.  Coupled with a script that lends itself to a more mature audience, while still keeping those it hooked young interested.  You can tell the cast is comfortable with each other and they are able to act better and sing harmoniously.
My son loves to sing along!  He loved being able to be the characters from the movie.  We listen to it all the time!
Are there words for the wonderfulness that is this musical and album? I think not. Its generic and over dubbed to drown out the actors bad voices, but its catchy and even the songs I don't like that much I still listen to on a regular basis because if I miss a song, then I miss the movie replaying in my head and then I find myself wondering what happens next.
This has to be the best soundtrack of all 3 movies. It has the same types of songs as the other 3 movies. It has the Troybriella songs (3 of them!! "Right Here, Right Now"; "Can I Have This Dance"; and "Just Wanna Be With You".) These are all amazing and some of the best High School Musical songs ever. There's the basketball song (Now or Never) which is a lot of fun and so much better that "Getcha Head in the Game". There's the Sharpay song (I Want it All) which isn't too bad. It's a lot less annoying than other Sharpay songs. Then there's the prom song ("A Night to Remember") which is pretty cool and fun. Then there's "The Boys Are Back". It's my least favorite song because it's kind of annoying and has nothing to do with the plot of the movie. There's the Troy-deciding-what-to-do-with-himself song ("Scream") which is pretty good. There's the Gabriella breakup song ("Walk Away") which is really good, but it doesn't quite seem as sad as the other Gabriella breakup songs. Then there's the big musical number at the end ("High School Musical"). That song is super fun and really sums up all 3 movies. All in all I love this soundtrack. It really is the best music of all 3 movies.
I was really impressed how the High School Musical songs have matured. I can't wait for the movie to come out because these songs are woth the money. If you are not into the high school musical movies, please do not write a horrible review just because you hated the movies because the people who like the movies will enjoy the songs a lot more than you will. Overall, I think they deserve 5 stars for this amazing album.
I downloaded this the morning the movie came out and when my 4th grades came to school that morning the music was blasting from my stereo. The kids recognized the voices, loved the music, and as a reward throughout the day I played different tunes between school activities.  This album features some great hooks that will infect anyone who listens with tapping feat, bobbing head, and an urge to dance that doesn't quit.Much better than HSM2, and slightly ahead of the HSM.  Enjoy the music!
So like many of the High School Musical franchise fans out there, I have seen the all the movies and listened to all the songs.  But when I listened to this soundtrack I was quite surprised because of the way the songs have transitioned from tweeney-bopper music to music that an adult audience could find quite entertaining!  The songs are more indepth and mature.  Many of them a message that you may not realize at first but once you listen to them you realize how they can be but forth in everyone's daily lives! I was very surprised because I was afraid that as I grew up that the music may not have done so too.  But I was wrong and I think that almost everyonr will enjoy if not this entire album at least one song from it. The movie was also amazing so you should see it too!!! Enjoy!!!
I love this Radio Show.I have most of the shows on Cassett Tape and trying to switch to mp3.These are great!Thanks,
Flower Power had so much to offer in the 60's that seems poignant in these times again. I Had to start collecting my patchouli and beads when I listened.
I don't know what all those &#34;1 Star&#34; folks were listening to, but these songs sound just like I remember them.
I have never seen or even heard of this musical prior to a few days ago. But as a fan of both 'Dracula' and musicals, I had to buy it (even though my expectations were not very high). Much to my surprise, it immediately became one of my favorite albums, neck and neck with Mr. Webber's 'Phantom of the Opera'.Yes, it's in German. But anyone who knows the basic story and reads the titles (which are in English) can pretty much figure out where they are in the story. (Though I would appreciate it if someone could explain why Van Helsing sings a (lovely) song entitled 'Roseanne'. I'm baffled.) Anyway, it's based more on the 'love story' aspect of Dracula familiar to most from recent movies, as opposed to the novel.Anyone considering this recording should also know that it's based off the successful European show rather than the unsuccessful American one. Evidently it first came out in the U.S., flopped, sent to Europe and *heavily* revised. It's been a big success there.I was thinking about buying the American studio version until I realized how different they are. The American version is 45 minutes long while this version is 30 minutes longer. And several of my favorite songs are *not* on the American version (which I assume is due to the heavy revision it got).The voices are uniformly excellent and I really like the orchestration. I'd never heard of Thomas Borchert (Dracula) before but I've fallen in love with his voice. Strong, powerful, tender when necessary and raw with emotion at other times.All in all, I'd give this six stars if I could.
I recieved the DVD. and it was beyond my expectations .Very good quality. Had subtitles that could be switched off.The quality of the sound and pictures were again beyond what I expected.
Excuse my zest - get the best - let your ears do the rest - at this show you're the guest - this is a fest - I'm not in jest.
Some unknown songs and old favorites.  This is a wonderful Chtistmas CD.  I've had it for years and never tire of listening to it.
I just love Bron Journey's albums - his musical talent is beyond words! When I play his music I sit back and say "Take me away (on my own private ...) Journey".
Met all expectations for our purposes. Easy to use, and no learning curve required. It will come in handy with our grandchildren.
This CD is awesome! It makes me laugh very time I hear it. The composer has taken different dog sounds and arranged them into xmas carols. I'm not sure why the other reviewers are disappointed, perhaps they expected the dogs to actually be singing?
I first heard of Tey on [...] then checked out her [...] and heard her songs love them all truly she is so different in such a good way love her beat  great tempo,her voice she is very talented , and I also have been looking for a good Xmas album and whala !!! came to her just in time for Christmas love you Tey!!
Excellent example of where the native american flute can go outside of the NAF tradition, while at the same time paying respect to it. Very nice.
Ok, to start off -- I don't have a clue what  this "soundtrack to a novel" (or whatever it actually turns out to be) actually is.  But I listened to a few of the tracks, and bought it.  WOW!!!  This is great music.  Maybe someday, I'll have to learn Japanese to figure out what the story is all about, but until then -- this is very pleasant music.
Yasunori Mitsuda has outdone himself with this release.  Book soundtracks are something not quite heard of in the USA, in fact if this album had any other name on it, I would not have paid as close attention to it and labeled it as Gimmicky.I love this album and recommend it for any Mitsuda fan.  It defines his body of work and fits the end of a hard day's work just as much as it does my private study time playlist.
A well rounded OST. I've never read the short story Kirite, but the songs definitely have that sort of anime/video game feel in the best way possible. The reoccurring melodies and moodiness draw you in, tricking you into feeling nostalgia for source material you've never seen, lol. Also,the unique choices of instruments is Yasunori all over. If you enjoyed the Chrono Cross OST you definitely won't be disappointed.For me, the mellow tracks are the most memorable. Upon the Melodies of the Moon and Circle of Eternity are tied for favorite track &lt;3
In another review, a customer says this is an album by The Hit Crew. That's a mistake, far as I can tell. There's another MP3 album on Amazon of the same name by the Hit Crew; this is not it. Listen to the samples and decide for yourself.
Jason brings much needed musicality, vocal strength, and technique to a genre that has been overrun by thin-voiced, over-mic'd pop stars. Highly recommended.
James Forbach makes his debut on recordings with this potpourri of ballades and show tunes that introduces a very handsome, charismatic, fine actor with a gleaming, flexible, wide range baritone voice.  He gained most of his recognition as one of the strongest singing actors to play the important role of Enjolras in the US tour of Les Miserables: the San Francisco Examiner raved "His voice is captivating and haunting. It's artistry that you will never forget."  He is important enough a new player on the theater stage that a bit of background history is merited.From his website bio the following is offered: `Born in Overland Park, Kansas he demonstrated musical talent at an early age, he attended University of Missouri-Columbia on a music scholarship where he majored in Vocal Performance.  He performed with both the Opera and Musical Theater departments culminating with a life changing performance of Michael John LaChiusa's `Hello, Again' and winning the distinctive honor to be the first vocalist in the school's history to be named the Chancellor's Emerging Artist Winner in 2000.  At that moment his love for modern musical theater, the power of song interpretation, and the thrill of communicating and sharing an emotional experience with an audience was sparked. Jason decided to continue his musical training and was accepted at the prestigious New England Conservatory in Boston, MA.  He was named the Frelinghuysen Grant Recipient and completed his Masters Degree in Vocal Performance with honors.  He performed on NEC's main stage in the historic Jordan Hall in many opera performances and recitals.  On that same stage he was named a Metropolitan Opera National Council Audition Semi-Finalist for the region.  He continued to perform on the opera stage in Boston with both Boston Lyric Opera and Opera Boston.  Also during his studies he took an apprenticeship with Central City Opera under his beloved coach John Moriarty.  There he studied many opera roles and was named the Spencer Penrose Artist for 2003. After much reflection and operatic training, Jason made the hard decision that his true love was in the theater performing on the musical stage and not on the operatic path he had found himself.  It was almost as if he was starting again from square one, but he decided to make the leap back into the genre he so loved growing up and in college and headed from Boston to New York City.'So here we have a classically trained voice that happens to have the ability to sing this repertoire with elegance, precision of vocal production, and a very welcome degree of communication. Likely we will be hearing a lot from James Forbach - and this is a very fine introduction. Grady Harp, February 13
Jason Forbach could be a crooner, a lounge singer, a powerhouse. He could sing the alphabet and it would sound beautiful. After seeing him live as both Feuilly and then as Enjolras in the Les Mis US Tour, I'm continually impressed with how he sounds both live and recorded. Clear and beautiful, this CD is definitely worth the buy. If you're looking for a sample mp3, I suggest my favorite on this list, "Perfect, Finite" - download it (it's only .99, what's to lose?) and see what you think.
Sounds just like Hal Roach tunes.  Makes you feel like uncle George is in your kitchen, sucking down all your &#34;win-ee-gur&#34;
If you heard this stuff as a kid or if you liked their first album you'll love this one too.Amazing recreation of music that was virtually lost yet familiar to anyone who grew up watching TV in the 60's.
Great music from the first talkies. I watched the Little Rascals (Our Gang Comedies) in the late 50's through the mid 60's on my parents B&W; TV. Most of this music was imprinted on me.Fantastic musicians with uncanny ability to recreate the sound.
The Dutch band The Beau Hunks did an amazing job recreating the music Hal Roach Studios used in the Our Gang (later released to TV as The Little Rascals) and the Laurel & Hardy films.  Hal Roach never released the music commercially, rarely used the entire song in any given film and never gave screen credits to the composer, Leroy Shield, so this was the equivalent of an archeological dig to recreate this music.  I admire the commitment and appreciate the results.
This is a great compilation of songs from some of the greatest musicals out there.  It is well worth the money, and really a great value!
Good selections, and the transfer from Amazon to me was fast and efficient.Many memories listening to the film scores, and they are all good.
brings back warm memories. no following version can exceed or equal this great album. i happily suggest that you buy  this one.
1943 and the musical theater changed with the debut of Rodgers and Hammerstein's OKLAHOMA!  One of the main reasons for its success was the presence of the character Ado Annie as brought to life by the magnetic Celeste Holm. The rest of the cast - Alfred Drake, Joan Roberts, Howard DaSilva, and Lee Dixon - was also terrific, but Holm's theatricality made her character unforgettable and her songs memorable.Today Celeste Holm died at the age of 96.  She appeared in countless Broadway shows and films and she has always been a star, but her star never was brighter than when she set records on Broadway with this milestone novelty of musical theater.  She will be missed but remembered.  Grady Harp, July 12
What can you say?  Vintage Rodgers and Hammerstein, remastered for the digital age.  Unfortunately, every single piece of music in the score is not included, but this recording was groundbreaking when it was done.  Every Broadway fan should have this.
This cast is without peer and the songs are wonderful with lyrics worthy of a W S Gilbert thumbs up.  I've listened to this recording since I was a kid and it still is a thrill.
Laura Wolfe can sing, dance and act--what a performer! She is a brilliant jazz vocalist who has been featured in cabaret shows as well. These three songs for download give us a nice albeit brief sampling of Laura's fine ability to take a song and make it her own. Laura's voice is in excellent form here; and the sound quality is excellent."What Are You Doing New Year's Eve" has a laid-back, jazzy feel to it but make no mistake about it--Laura is squarely front and center which is right where she belongs! I love her rendition of this Frank Loesser tune. "The Christmas Waltz" by Sammy Cahn and Jule Styne is equally well done; Laura plays with the tempo and keys somewhat to put her own mark on this ageless classic. The arrangement for the piano is particularly well done. The all too short track set ends with Laura Wolfe performing a most sensitive rendition of Barry Manilow's "It's Just Another New Year's Eve;" she handles this with panache and again the relaxed jazzy arrangement enhances the ballad even more.Laura Wolfe fans would do well to add this beautiful music to their collections; this is also a fine set of songs for newcomers just discovering Laura's artistry. In addition, people who appreciate five star music for the holiday season will not be disappointed.
While the artist description does not suggest it but this volume contains authentic recordings in superb sound quality from the original source files - what else can one ask for in the world of re-makes and cheap copies. Plus one can download single themes. I would welcome a compilation like this covering American TV themes.
A felicitous selection of Broadway tunes, from Gershwin to Lloyd Webber, is presented here and warmly embraced by the American  lyric/coloratura soprano Kari Ragan.  The lady's voice will bowl you over -- strong, masterful, expressive.  Many of these mostly familiar songs have not been sung better.  Miss Ragan's interpretation of "Someone to Watch Over Me" and "Something Wonderful", (songs not requiring a voice of operatic range and strength) are quite impressively rendered, as are the "big voice" numbers such as "When You Walk Through the Rain."  Comparing very favorably with successful efforts by opera singers such as Dame Kiri and Renee to tackle more popular musical material, "Broadway My Way" is a major contribution to the genre of theater songs and one to be treasured.  It is to be hoped that similar albums from Kari Ragan, the best singer you've probably never of, will be forthcoming.
I love the feel of the music. I love how it narrates the life of Jesus Christ. It's a beautiful piece of music and I really appreciate the Spirit I feel when I listen to it. Rob Gardner is definitely inspired of God when he writes music like this.
Inspiring and magnificent performance. Rob Gardner has an incredible talent. Religious music as it should be, reverent and soul touching.
Great value for those that like Plumb's music. First disc has a collection of 12 Plumb songs, second disc has 8 remixes.
I really enjoyed this CD- the bonus/edited tracks on the 2nd disc were not my favorite, but all the originals on the first disc my husband and I love- we listen to this CD all the time!
In one place.  Plumb has been awesome for over a decade (nearly two).  Best of all - the mixes.  Very chill, I'll be listening to this for years to come
It turns out Plumb did some terrific work I really like, and I wish I'd known sooner. My wife asks "who is that? I like it" just about every time she comes in the room if this is playing...but she says it sounds like several different artists to her which is why she has to keep asking; it's hard for her to peg Plumb's style in a narrow box. I guess, from other reviews, that it draws from differing periods with an evolving style.  That makes this a pretty good overview.  I think we both like the slightly softer/idealistic stuff that I've heard came after her kid was born a bit more, although I like it all. It's good, and not quite like anyone else I've heard.  Not quite commercial pop, not quite indie, sometimes hopeful ballads, sometimes more strident (think Evanescence).
New Favorite music! Listen to it everywhere, School, work, car, shower! I have highly recommended in to all I know
Let me just say I have been looking for her remix versions of her songs for so long. Had heard them on the radio and loved them but had only had her regular album. Lost the regular album andnow am so happy wit my purchase
I've always loved Plumb and believe it or not had a very old cassette tape that has long been gone! I needed a replacement and this was a great purchase! Great lyrics matched with a beautiful voice and fantastic sound. I've never been disappointed with this group and I am so glad I've got some of the old with a twist so it makes it new, to listen to again!
Her voice is so soothing.  I love the depth of her songs and there is not a bad one in the bunch
She has a wonderful voice.  I'm a guy.  This is definitely chic friendly music, but I enjoy it anyway.  Her voice can really take you away.
GREAT CHRISTIAN MUSIC FOR ANYONELOVE HER VOICE AND THE WORDS IN EACH AND EVERY SONGLOVE IT LOVE IT
I don't like the remixes but thank God the originals are on there some great music from plumb and a good price
My wife wanted this CD and she loves it. she listens to it all the time on her cell phone and her Tablet.
I love this Album.  I like the bonus remix disk it really gets you moving.  I enjoy it while I clean.
I heard a Plumb song on the radio and bought their newest CD. I enjoyed it so I bought this CD and it has many songs and then has the same songs in a remix version.
I love her songs, especially &#34;Need You Now&#34;.  I have been so comforted by her words during my very difficult season of life lately.
This is a very enjoyable music project. The remixes are great for workouts.  I am anxiously awaiting the next release.
this is a greatest hits album that hits the mark. with great lyrics and a upbeat tempo you can't go wrong. one of Christian musics orignal rocker chicks. Great stuff.
I'm touched by the depth of Plumb's songs.  It really resonates with the pain I'm current healing from.  The techno remixes are a great addition.  Thank you, Plumb.
We heard this on the radio in the 1960s, recorded it, and later we lost it.  Been looking for it ever since, and here it is!  This is marvelous, and hi-fi stereo as well.  For only 99 cents.  Every American should have this.  Excellent music and excellent history.
This old Fred Waring recording is the most-moving American patriotic music ever recorded and has until only recently, dropped our of sight since perhaps the 1960s when it was still in the Capitol Records catalog. If you love great American poetry and lovely orchestration and might need your spirits uplifted, buy this immediately. The fight for Democracy of course continues and it is sometimes sad to even watch. Perhaps if more music like this was heard by pubic school children, we wouldn't be in such a mess. I was 15 when I first heard it live -- and later on the original Capitol LP recording. Some 50 years later, I enjoy it to this day.
This digital purchase was well worth the money.  The songs are cute, and have more of a thread of continuity to them than many of the other Nunsense shows.  I love the ability to sit at home, and get music instantly, at a fair price.  If you like show tunes, these are great fun, with catchy themes.
This is a great showcase of Wilkinson's talent. I love the variety of songs and how they sound with him singing them. I really feel his version of House of the Rising Sun is one of the best I've heard. He really adds something to it. It's different to hear some of these songs done by someone trained in musical theater, as there is a different tone to the voice, (especially his!), but I like it. Every Colm fan should own this!
I love Colm Wilkinsons  voice and i think he is a power house. bought this for my husband who sings in local chorale, as a tenor, he is now hooked
Colm Wilkinson is one of my favorite singers of all time and he certainly doesn't disappoint on this album either. It showcases the versatility of his style and the sensitivity in his voice. "Music of the Night" brings back memories of watching "Phantom" in Toronto many years ago and the final cut on the album about peace brings tears to my eyes every time I listen!
Colm ,s beautiful voice brings new and exciting renditions of many differentsong styles. He interpolates each song from the heart actually creating acomplete story with each song.. Get ready for an hour of great music!
I chose this as a gift for my fiance. He was beyond words. This collection is one of the best. Maybe an unknown to many, would love to see him on tour.
I had accidentally become familiar with Colm Wilkinson a while back and was glad to see you had his albums. Everything went as expected and I enjoy the CD very much.By that I mean Amazon served me very well and I recommend their services.
it's colm wilkinson! his voice and tenure is sooo soothing. I loved his work with les miserables, but for him to sing other songs as well. it's amazing!
This man's voice is amazing-he can sing anything.  I fell in love with the music from Les Miserables .when  I saw my grandson in the  high school version which  I saw twice .  I have the DVD version of the 25th anniversary of the stage play and the movie of the latest version.  I play this CD all the time.
I wanted a few of the musical show numbers that I had heard in the past so I bought this mp3 album.Those pieces were exceptional and worth the purchase by themselves.But---there are many more interesting pieces that Wilkinson interprets and that I just love--he sculpts his voice to create whole new sounds for each song.Sample some of them and you'll also buy this album.
We became aware of Colm Wilkinson through Les Miserables and have been captivated by his voice. His songs convey his passion and depth. I wish he had more CD's available--we've bought several different ones and love them all
Colm Wilkinson is outstanding in the songs of this album.  In my opinion, no one comes close to the strength of his renditions and unforgettable voice.  Please continue giving us recordings of these quality songs.
Sur ce cd, on retrouve des pi&egrave;ces de com&eacute;dies musicales bien sur ou Colm Wilkinson est toujours excellent , mais j`ai beaucoup aim&eacute; aussi son interpr&eacute;tation d`Hallelujah et d`Imagine. Ces chansons sont remplies d`&eacute;motion et viennent vous chercher &agrave; tout coup. c`est un tr&egrave;s bon cd que je recommande.
Superb, excellent, What a treat for the ears, Probably the finest male voice on broadway and beyond... A must have!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Colm Wilkinson is magic.  One of the most distinctive and dramatic voices the stage has ever known and this CD presents him at his best.  All his familiar performances and many new ones.  This is an instant classic in my mind, particularly since he makes so few recordings.
i saw and heard Colim sing this program and being able to close my eyes and hear him once again is such a thrill. A better choice for purchase than the 2004 album if you loved his stage performances
the songs are very catchy and stay with you.  worth listening to as this musical has a gritty feeling of urban foraging, with a restlessness of the future with the familiarity of the past.
If you're new to Scott Alan then let me welcome you to his magical land of musical theater. If you're already a fan, then I don't need to tell you how wonderful the pairings of vocalists go with his writings. His melodies get stuck in my head for days and yet I don't get annoyed. This cd encompasses a wide range from fun and playful ("At Seventeen") to heart-wrenching ("Now"). Every song is magic. All of it is good. It's worth it.
As a child, I heard all those beautiful songs.  Now that I am 65, I am away from my birth place and thought I would never hear them again.  Thank you Amazon, for making it available again to me.  I want to buy them all.  Muah!!!  Ligia
What can I say? The Fantasticks is fantastic! And listening to the original cast recording makes it only more so!
I have the album and I was very surprised and happy to be able to download and burn the songs on a CD. The recordings are first rate and very clear. It's nice to be able to get older music and soundtracks downloaded so effortlessly and inexpensively.Thank you so much!
Each song seems to be one down from its title on the sample list. I'm not sure if this means I'm sending my friend the wrong song, or if it's just the samples that are messed up like this. I wish whoever posted this would go through and check to make sure people aren't ordering the wrong songs by mistake.As for the songs, they are inspirational, goofy, and heartbreaking in turns. Love the play!
This cd is fantastic. I love violin so this is perfect background music for me. The group redoes the modern broadway tunes including Mamma Mia, Phantom of the Opera, RENT, and Rocky Horror Picture Show. Very good renditions of the songs - you could sing along with them if you wanted to. All in all, it is a great addition to your music collection and perfect for light background music.
I attended this play in 2010 with my children.  We loved it so much that we purchased tickets for the next night.  The music, the play, the story, it's all absolutely inspiring and life changing.  I wish more people know about this music.  It tugs at the heart.  My understanding of God's plan for my life was increased by these songs.  I can't really say enough about it!  I am planning to purchase the music as gifts for family and friends, because it is not well known.  If you know someone who loves the Savior, or wants to feel the power of God, then they will find it within the sound of this music.  I highly recommend it.
I'm a huge "I Love Lucy" fan and always enjoyed hearing Vivian Vance and William Frawley belt out tunes on the show.  Frawley was actually a good singer, and glad to see there is a CD of him.  I thoroughly enjoy tricking my friends by playing this CD and asking them to guess who is singing.  No one ever guesses it is Fred Mertz! :-)
I've heard of and about the Trapp Family Singers all my life so I expected to enjoy it but this was the first time I actually heard them sing as far as I can recall.  What a surprise!Barry
The classics are back! Beautifully covered classics too boot. This is one for a cozy evening at home, fireplace, glass of wine and your significant other.
I love this easy-listening, love song style.  Love is in the air when I hear you sing "I Love You For Sentimental Reasons'.  Your clear and precise "Smile" brings tears to my eyes.  Keep up the fantastic work, Mel!Love It!
For me, everything about this cd is good. I love the melodies, vocalists, lyrics, etc. Scott Alan is a genius.
I love these girls. The same fun harmony and rock arrangements, only now with Christmas music. Roger Bean IS Santa Claus as far as I'm concerned.
Connie has a great voice & nice album. If you have ever heard her sing occasionally on ShopNBC this beats all expectations.
I love Christmas music and I especially love this collection.  Connie has a wonderful voice and the selection of songs was clearly done with great care.
Teal Wicks is a phenomenal singer.  Her smooth yet powerful voice is suited to any genre but nowhere does her crystal clear voice stand out than in this 4-song EP.  Theatre fans not already familiar with her performance as Elphaba in Wicked will have much to appreciate.  Highly recommended!
I saw Teal Wicks in Wicked and have been in love with her voice ever since. This EP really showcases her talent and the songs are beautiful. I've been listening to it nonstop since purchasing. I hope to hear more from her in the future!
Oliver! Oliver!We purchased this soundtrack to get my kids acquainted with the music from the musical (as they will be trying out for the play soon) and it has become our favorite soundtrack of all times. Each kid has their favorite song and will ask to skip and repeat. Love it.The recording is old (the older version) and sounds a bit tinny on a few songs, but it's a great soundtrack.
I can only reinforce what others have written before - that this is not just "music" - it is perfection.  Eric has a quality to his voice that is unique.  Many singers have good voices, but he adds so much feeling and humanity to the interpretation of these songs.  I love the variety of music on this CD.  It's definitely a keeper!  He could be a superstar, if only he was driven to do that.  The only thing holding him back from that is his humility.  He doesn't self-promote, so those of us who are fans have to do it for him.  Spread the word!
I became totally enamoured of Eric's beautiful voice and amazing talent when I first saw him in a production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat in 2008. When he sang his first few bars, I was hooked and have been waiting for him to put out a CD since then.. While waiting for that to happen, I've been fortunate enough to travel all around the country, seeing him in various productions.. This CD is a very well-put together collection and representation of Eric's work to date in some very well-known musicals -- Joseph, Miss Saigon, Les Mis, Jesus Christ Superstar, West Side Story...His voice and singing will transport you, and you will be hooked! Anxiously waiting for the NEXT CD....
Eric Kunze's debut album runs the gamut of emotions from the lighthearted "Any Dream Will Do" to the gutwrenching and thrilling "Gethsemane". "Fathers and Sons" tells the story of the human failings of our parenthood, while the passionate, love-struck rendition of "Why, God" takes us on a journey of love in Vietnam. These are not just songs. Each one evokes a whole background story that sparks our imagination and makes us want to listen to them over and over. Eric sings these songs as if we were watching him on stage and we are carried along for the ride. Eric Kunze has had a career that began when he was a junior in college, studying musical theater. At the tender age of 19 he was in New York on a study program and on a whim auditioned for and landed the lead of "Marius" in Les Miserables on Broadway. That role led to the part of Chris in Miss Saigon (with Lea Salonga) and then as Joe Hardy in Damn Yankees (with Jerry Lewis.) He was Chris in the first national tour of Miss Saigon and toured nationally for two years in the lead role with Jesus Christ Superstar. Eric continues his career appearing across the country in leading roles at various venues. When at home in California, he and his business partner Gina DeLuca run Big City Broadway, a training ground for young people aspiring to succeed in the music business. More information on his fansite and official website.
I fell in love with Eric Kunze, (his voice) during a production of Whistle Down the Wind.  I saw the show 3 times only because of the magnitude of this young man's voice!!!  It is hauntingly, embracing..........the kind of voice you cannot forget.  I am thrilled Eric has produced his own CD, and have 3 copies!!!  You won't be disappointed.  Eric is a true master, and this CD is a class act to add to any collection!!!
The Film Soundtrack of Kismet is excellent.It outshines both the orignal Broadway Cast Album and the Lincoln Center Revival Album. It is a must-buy!
I chose this album because I saw Stephanie Gerson in a production of &#34;Disney in Concert&#34; and wanted to hear more.  She delivers in a great way.  Her performance of show tunes is terrific.  It has quickly become one of my favorite cd's.  I think Stepanie has a great, bright future in theatre.
This is Philip Quast's solo album. A very eclectic mix of songs. The more I listen to it the more I love each and every one of the songs.
Having only known Philip Quast as Javert, in the 10th anniversary concert DVD of Les Miserables, the CD was a lovely revelation.The selections are range from funny to touching, and he is amazing in all.
I had the privilege of seeing the show in 2012 in Akron Ohio (Actors' Summit Theatre) and it was a great run. The songs on this album are not the exact same as in the newest version of the show (because they keep updating it), but they are great songs, and Straight White Male is actually cut in the version I saw because they go a different way with the scene after Hooters, and it is funny as hell.
Really how needs to say more but because they insist you put 12 words or more... Fred was an AWESOME entertainer, I miss those actors that could do EVERYTHING, Act, Sing, Dance, ENTERTAIN! They don't really do that much anymore but it seems to coming back some, don't you think (SMASH and other shows like that).
Very helpful in preparing for an audition. I hope the book is good; the music is OK, reminiscent of other musicals.
If you have not been lucky enough to have had the opportunity to have Bitches of the Kingdom come to your city - get this MP3 you will not regret it!Lovers of musicals and Disney this is the show you have been waiting for. It's no Beauty and the Beast - it's much better.  Original, keenly funny, creative, a laugh riot from start to finish - Bitches delivers a truly enjoyable musical theater experience and a look into the backstage lives of several Disney princess that will leave you giggling and singing along.
In 1958, the first substantial post-WW11 Australian "book" musical - Lola Montez - was produced - Peter Stannard (music), Peter Benjamin (lyrics) and Alan Burke (book), the show was originally mounted by the Union Theatre repertory Company in Melbourne, and taken up by the Elizabethan Theatre Trust who presented it in a major production in Brisbane in October 1958,It was a local hit. It was recorded the same year in Australia, astonishingly, in stereo.1958 was the year when all major (i.e UK & USA) record companies started to record in stereo as a matter of policy rather than experimentation.This recording has a good left-to-right stage image, with the soloist voices exceptionally clear with a slightly "wet" ambience. The orchestra is recorded with a slight "muddy" feel but with an ambience superior to that of many USA musical/operettas recorded in the late 50s in the USA - and of a quality equal to that of the "London sound' of the U.K.. The choral sections are also a little muddy, with a little distortion, but once again sounding robust and vital.The topic "Lola Montez" concerned an international "star" Lola Montez -a larger-than-life historic figure with a truth-stranger-than-fictionlife story.Lola (born Eliza Rosanna Gilbert in Ireland), in the 1850s visited the Australian goldfields in 1855 in order to resurrect her stage career after spending time as a courtesan of King Ludwig 1 of Bavaria becoming Countess of Landsfeld , and in Paris as an acquaintance of George Sand and Alexander Dumas  and then settling in California (a restored Home of Lola Montez is now California Historical Landmark No. 292). She came to Australia in 1855 before returning to the USA working in New York, performing rescue work for women.In Australia Lola was notorious for her erotic "Spider Dance" (falsley accused of wearing nothing under her dress). She was also involved in a whip fight with an editor of a newspaper because of a bad review (she horse-whipped him).The quality of all soloists in the recording is excellent. Mary Preston is the knockout -  an British import (a practice in Australia - at a time when Australian singers were invading Britain) and she is delightful (she afterwards returned to London to be "Maria" in "West Side Story").As a musical "Lola Montez" was an extraordinarily accomplished piece of work. The music is sparkling with melodic and rhythmic richness and inventiveness. Verdon Williams arranged/orchestrated the score and he is of Robert Russell Bennett standard, being able to give a "Wild West" ambience as well as incorporating Latin motifsMary Preston's performance `Let Me Sing! Let Me Dance!' is effective (but her upper register is tested) and her `A Lady Finds Love' is an extraordinarily moving soliloquy in which her tentative voice is poignantly suited.The lilting waltz "Be My Saturday Girl" was the monster hit of the show and matches anything produced by Richard Rodgers, Ivor Novello or Noel Coward. It was sung by Michael Cole & Jane Martin - a strong light soprano similar to those England produced at the time (Julie Andrews; Marian Grimaldi; Elizabeth Larner) . It is gorgeously sung.The story includes the tempestuous , but "aging" (she was not yet 40) Lola arriving in Ballarat a sprawling Australian gold mining town ("masculine" male chorus and screeching prostitute chorus) at a time when it is on the cusp of being gentrified. She is idolised - - miners cover her stage with gold nuggets. The civilising influence is represented by the Michael Cole & Jane Martin couple (poetry reading; self-improvement) and the religious women demonstrating against Lola and her Spider Dance.).This is an essential recording for any devotee of musical theatre. It combines the traditions of Rodgers & Hammerstein/ Lerner & Lowe and the English theatre of Coward and it predates - and signals - the realism of "Oliver!"
As the cover art implies, but Amazon doesn't acknowledge, the name of the group is called Huggevill ([...]), consisting of three musicians from H&auml;lsingland - Jonas Olsson: guitar, fiddle, harmonium, keyboards; &Ouml;rjan Hans-Ers: viola, fiddle, double bass, and G&ouml;rgen Antonsson: fiddle, viola, jew's harp. These are new compositions by Jonas Olsson for a theater production, the nature of the tunes being based in the Scandinavian traditions with some modern rhythmic and accompaniment influences. They are also accompanied by a number of guest musicians:Johanna Bolja (Vocals)Martin Pareto (Vocals)Stefan Johansson (Guitar)Ola Helzberg (Harp)Peppe Lindholm (Drums)Lennart Ostblom (Drums)Despite this albums ties to theater, it is an excellent Scandi folk album with some really great original tunes/polskas, great musicians, and great singing.
The first time I heard - or heard of - Christiane Noll was at a Julie Andrews concert in 2009 at the Hollywood Bowl.  I was impressed with her singing ability in the concert, but was even more impressed with it on this CD!Ms. Noll sings selections from Broadway, show tunes and light opera.  While her voice is reminiscent of Sarah Brightman or Kristen Chenoweth, I found Ms. Noll's singing much more delightful.  She shines on such pieces as "What I Did For Love," "Johnny One-Note" and "I Could Have Danced All Night," as well as "Summertime." In fact, in my opinion, she outshines Sarah Brightman on "Phantom of the Opera" (and hits the high note at the end with more ease!). The album closes with the humorous and light-hearted "Glitter and Be Gay."  It doesn't matter what the genre, Ms. Noll sings it with such ease and her diction is impeccable.I would highly recommend this CD!
That clarinet glissando fills me with hope and joy. I don't know why. Because a single man can write such music? Or an orchestra can cooperate to make the music come to life?
A boffo concert by two american geniuses--Fiedler and Wild.  Recording lovingly restored to all its original brilliance.  I remember owning the LP of this concert which was plagued with "inner band distortion."  No such problem here!
Josh Young's sophomore album will reassure anyone who is still disappointed about the lack of JCS 2012 cast album recording. A fantastic recording of &#34;Heaven on Their Minds&#34; will make anyone an ardent fan of this singer, and his &#34;High Flying Adored&#34; will satisfy anyone who saw him rock as Che in the national tour.
I had the great privilege of seeing Josh perform the role of Judas Iscariot in "Jesus Christ Superstar" this week.  His performance took my literal breath away, so I went home and purchased his newest music, and was not disappointed.  Only further intrigued!I am not a music critic, only a fan of music, so forgive me that my review is not technical.  Only  emotional!Josh's voice pours out like honeyed wine.  Yes, it is sweet, but he can also deliver such sadness and pathos, that adds a tartness, a crispness to songs we have heard before.  The song "When She Loved Me" was a great favorite of mine already, and this rendition is so singular, so moving.  I found a new respect for the lyrics, and for how artists intrepret various songs.I am not ashamed to say my eyes welled up during "The Rainbow Connection", a song that lovers and dreamers have adopted for 30 years.  He brings a gorgeous voice to the sentiment, and it's never corny or false, the feeling comes through and touches, even penetrates the listener.Every song carries Josh's passionate, but angelic stamp.  He is the angelic voice that is burnished by a fiery humanity.  I recommend his music to any and every one who wants to be moved, transcended.I have wishlist of songs that I would love to see Josh do for his next project, but would be equally happy with whatever he chose to interpret.Still Dreaming of Paradise
I've had the pleasure of seeing Josh Young on stage as Marius in Les Mis (national tour), Che in Evita (Stratford Festival), and Judas in Jesus Christ Superstar (Stratford Festival).  I knew he was a phenomenal talent, and when I first listened to this album, it blew me away.  If you like listening to a pure talent singing great music, I'd encourage you to buy this album - and also catch Josh as Che in the upcoming tour of Evita.
The version of Our Children is the best I have heard! Back to Before is also very well done, indeed.
I got this CD last year and am listening to it constantly!  George's voice is incredibly smooth and the choice of songs is perfect.  There are some beautifully done, well known musical hits (The Impossible Dream, Oh What A Beautiful Morning, and the Soliloquy from Carousel, for example), as well as some lesser recorded songs where George delivers an emotionally charged rendition (Something Wonderful, She Was There, and I Wish I Could Forget you, as examples).  I bought copies for all my friends and family and everyone adores this CD!
I could listen to George's silky smooth voice all day long!Even our young son will pop the disc in every time he is in the car!
An excellent CD.  It's been years since George Dvorsky released a new CD & this one was well worth the wait!
A humorous walk through the many thoughts I have had all these years about the holiday season ~~  seems almost like she read my mind and every Jewish-body elses about the all-pervading Christmas crush when --  hello !! -- not everyone celebrates Christmas in this country.  Irreverently funny without at all being disrespectful.  Definitely plan on playing it for my co-workers at our holiday party!!  ;-)
This group of original recordings provides a good variety, from a slow, sad track to a really fast, upbeat one.  I was going to list my favorites, but I can say positive things about all of them, so I will simply say it rates five stars with me.  I think the complete CD is well worth the Amazon price.
Great song! It's a lot of fun to play! The download was easy and the song is very clear. I like to play the song for my baby. he really enjoys it.
Mark my words. Dominik Hauser is going to be a rising star in the television and motion picture soundtrack community. This, "Music from the 1970 Motion Picture Scrooge" helps to fill in for the original soundtrack not being unable to (currently) come out on digital, and Mr. Hauser has spent a great deal of time, effort, and I'm sure, sweat to bring this project to life.I have always loved the music to the song, "Happiness Is."  It's always been one of my favorite love ballads and finally, finally it's here.Robert Picardo, from Star Trek: Voyager, substitutes for Albert Finney, and he does an admirable job in doing that. He's even given an extra track at the end to add a little extra for this release.While the orignal soundtrack lacks much of the instrumental tunes from the movie, Mr. Hauser has gone to great lengths to re-create those versions, and they rank right up here with full word versions.The linear notes are also beautiful and superb, with a quick history of the original Dicken's classic, the 1970's music, and this re-creation. I also loved the inclusion of some of Mr. Leech's illustrations in the original Christmas Carol.I'm really hoping that in the next few Christmas's, the music on this CD will be played on many radio stations Holiday List. It's that good.I look forward to more of Mr. Hauser's work.  Go check out his itune releases, they're really quite extensive.Sincerely,JThreeWilliston NDcarolyn3@midco.net
Absolutely moving, incredible voice.  Randal Keith could sing any song and make it beautiful!  You will not be disappointed with this album
Pure Imagination is hopefully the first CD of a true muscial artist. A lot of emotion and thought was put into the music preformed by Scott, and accompanied on the piano by Nick Sula. They perform well together, and I look forward to another CD by these two artists....Bravo Scott and Nick....keep the music coming....
I must admit I'm one of those people who are addicted to free download and buying songs days are kind of over since the Torrent existed in my world - it's just simple and easy to own songs.  However, When I heard Scott Evan Davis' work on One Voice, I was sold.  It was music to my "spoiled" ears! Brilliant work by this young, creative artist - if anyone looking for quality, and actually worth listening, this is the one.  I promise they'll be happy they purchased and won't be last!Connie Bach
If you love the book, you'll love the musical as well.My favorite songs are "A Change in the Wind" and "We Are We"
Who wouldn't want 50 tacks of Ella!? Crazy low price for such a gift. I encourage you to get it and enjoy!
Reliving those old tunes and matching them with the memories from my own youth is worth much more than the little cost of this mp3.  Nobody ever did skat like Ella.
I grew up with this soundtrack and am thrilled to find it available in a digital format! Based on the Richard Brinsley Sheridan play The Rivals, it tells the story of a vapid young woman who has decided that only a poor man can really love her. Unfortunately, the man who does love her is rich, so he must pretend to be poor to win her heart. Assorted humorous characters keep the story lively, with terrific songs like &#34;Odds,&#34; which tells how to swear like an 18th century gentleman, and &#34;Honour,&#34; about some duels that didn't turn out quite the way either party planned. Of special note is &#34;A More Than Ordinary Glorious Vocabulary,&#34; about the most memorable character is the show, Mrs. Malaprop, whose name has come down into our vocabulary as &#34;malapropism,&#34; the mistaken use of a word for another word that sounds similar, often with hilarious results, as the song amply demonstrates. Absolutely worth it!
exhuberant music and singers who can really sing.Twelve more words require.  One two three four five six seven eight nine.
Natalie Toro just appeared in a show done in our community ... she has the great powerful voice, facial expression, and demeanor to really bring a piece of music over to an audience.  Following the show, I bought her CD for $20 and found it to be great ... the next morning I searched Amaxon and found this CD (available only as MP3 Compilation).  I listened to this less than 2 hours ago and it is GREAT!  Highly recommend.
More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more,more, more, more, more, more. There, are you satisfied?
I first purchased this album in 1958 and was very pleased to see that Amazon had a digital copy. I am enjoying listening to this beautiful music again.
I downloaded this for my 91 year old father, a huge Crosby fan. He liked it very much. The songs were recorded from a time period where Bing's voice was strong and there is a nice mix of songs. There is a lot of music for the money on the album.
I first heard this collection around 1974, as an LP on the Biograph label. By the second chorus of Track 1 ("Was That the Human Thing To Do?"), with the Boswells executing three-part synchronized vocal gymnastics the likes of which my then-favorite vintage sister act (Andrews by name) had never even considered, I was hooked. I have been a Bozzies freak ever since. I realized I had stumbled upon the original source documents for almost all the non-Top 40 music I was currently listening to: The Pointer Sisters, Bette Midler, The Manhattan Transfer - to one extent or another, they all org-charted back to the Boswells. This music is some 80 years old now: recording had only recently stepped away from the "horn" and toward the microphone, so these records will sound odd (tinny and a bit nasal) if you're not used to it. But listen to those vocal harmonies, and feel that swing - it will likely start in your shoulders, then descend into your hips. As Sam Cooke once sang, don't fight it - feel it.
I'm a huge fan of Buddy Holly & I've played this album many times since downloading it! I give this album 5 stars!
Pearl Bailey (March 29, 1918 - August 17, 1990) was successful especially as an actress and singer; here we get proof of just how well Pearl really did sing! In her younger days Pearl worked the nightclub scene with such greats as Cab Calloway and Duke Ellington; and her film credits include "Carmen Jones;" "Porgy and Bess" and "St. Louis Blues." She received great acclaim for her starring role with the all-black cast of "Hello, Dolly!" and she even had her own TV show in the 1970s. In addition, one nice thing about the MP3 songs here is that you can download them all at once or (if you're a more casual fan) you can take just the tracks you want."Pearl Bailey Sings More Songs for Adults" gives us some awesome tunes all done so well by Pearl. Of course I have my favorite songs as you will, too. First comes the incredible "Westport." "Westport" is a suggestive tune that describes an "unhappy tale" of a couple that breaks up after the wife cheats on her husband. Pearl belts this out better than most female recording artists could ever do; and that's grand. "There's A Little Bit of Bad in Every Good Little Girl" would be a song for the great Mae West to sing and we'd all laugh--and you'll laugh when you hear Pearl sing this one. "Love for Sale" gets the royal treatment from this marvelous chanteuse; and I really enjoy hearing Pearl singing "One Man (Ain't Quite Enough)." "One Man (Ain't Quite Enough)" is yet another playful tune that won't offend a soul and the music fits in just right with Pearl's vocals. "Aggravatin' Papa" is very well done, too! "Nobody's Chasing Me" has a big band style musical arrangement but it never interferes with Pearl's ability to stay in the spotlight which is quite all right by me! "Nobody's Chasing Me" is somewhat melancholy but Pearl's interpretation tells us it's all in good fun. She's not about to pour water on the fire anytime soon! "Show Me Love" ends the CD strong with Pearl Bailey outdoing even herself.Pearl Bailey fans will love these songs and even newcomers to Pearl Bailey will enjoy these classic pop vocals.
This is a great CD! Great quality recording. It's very authenic but not the scraggly sound that often comes with good 1920s music.
This is AWESOME! The sound quality is not too good, but I had to have it. I grew up to this album - actually I grew up with Volume 3 which is almost impossible to find even in vinyl. It was released in the late 50's or early 60's but the musical arrangement is brilliant! I still have the old vinyl although my dad's dropping the needle on the record didn't help preserve the sound, but I'll always cherish it no matter how much it skips and scratches.
Have loved this album from the first time I heard it in the early 60s.  When I started my own music collection it was no longer available in vinyl and for years I could not find in on tape.  In the mid-80s while shopping in a small town market in England I found a cassette version.  Like a dummy I did not make a copy nor transfer it to digital and the cassette finally wore out.  I re-started my search which lasted until I finally found the MP3 version at amazon.comGreat collection of songs.
The trio cuts are the most fun, but every track swings hard.  There is so much joy in Erroll's playing you can't help feeling it too.  I own many Garner recordings.  I wore out the grooves of my first Garner LP.  Other Voices is great, as is Concert By the Sea.  This double album is an addition of similar strength to my collection.
The tracks on this double album span 1950 through 1953 and feature mainly two different rhythm sections. The first rhythm section is John Simmons on bass and the legendary Shadow Wilson on drums. I consider those two to be the second best Erroll ever had (the best in my opinion was Eddie Calhoun on bass and Kelly Martin on drums who would stick with Erroll for over a decade.) The other rhythm section represented in these tracks is comprised of Wyatt Ruther on bass and Eugene 'Fats' Heard on drums. They were rock solid and also add a lot to the track on which they play.The best way to get a sense of this album and where Erroll's playing was during the era is to listen to the sound samples on this page. They convey far more information in a few seconds of music from each track than I can describe in hundreds of words. Also, the sound quality of the tracks is good considering the state of recording technology in the early 1950s. Do not expect audiophile quality. However, this is significantly better than 'needle drop' transfers from old LPs.Here are the dates, locations and personnel on each track (there were two that I could not track down). Also note that I had to make best guesses in a few, so the information may not be one hundred percent accurate:I will preference the track number with a symbol that indicates who backed Errol on the track:@John Simmons on bass and Shadow Wilson on drums#Wyatt Ruther on bass and Eugene 'Fats' Heard on drumsDISC ONE@Track 1 was recorded in NYC on October 7, 1950@Track 2 was recorded in NYC on June 28, 1950@Tracks 3 and 4 were recorded in NYC January 3, 1952#Track 5 was recorded in NYC on February 27, 1953#Track 6 and 7 were recorded in NYC on March 30, 1953#Tracks 8 and 10 were recorded in NYC on January 3, 1952#Track 9 was recorded in Los Angeles on July 2, 1951#Track 11 was recorded in NYC on February 27, 1953DISC TWO#Track 1 was recorded in NYC on March 30, 1953@Track 2 was recorded in NYC on February 29, 1952#Track 3 was recorded in NYC on January 11, 1951Track 4 UNKNOWN#Track 5 was recorded in NYC on January 3, 1952#Track 6 was recorded in NYC on March 30, 1953#Track 7 was recorded in NYC on January 11, 1951Trank 8 UNKNOWN#Track 9 was recorded in Los Angeles on July 2, 1951@Track 10 was recorded in NYC on June 28, 1950This collection is a wonderful sampling of Erroll's early work, and is also an excellent study for bassists and drummers for any music genre because. The way everyone locks in on each track is priceless. And for pianists Erroll is simply amazing on every track.
When someone who has been educated in the art of singing, can have her voice ruined by a Mr. &#34;Phoney Can Sony&#34;and know the facts of the genre, it is just about the best entertainment you can ask for/
Howard Keel is one of the great Baritone voices in show business. I have saw many of his movies and love his music.
He sings from the heart.  All the songs are memorable. He has been my favorite since 1957 when I heard  Chances Are on the speakers in a McCrory's and bought it for my brother's birthday present.  For Christmas  he gave me Johnny' Greatest Hits.
One of my favorite singers.  I had the LP many years ago and loved it.  It's nice to know that these older recordings are available.
This is a great collection of the "Original" Sons of the Pioneers' music. All of us older Americans who remember when Roy Rogers was the King of the Cowboys and Gabby Hayes was our favorite character actor  will enjoy this album.
I loved this album as a kid and now I have it in cd format. One of the greatest albums by the greatest western group of all times!
If you like the big band style, you'll like this by one of the greatest big band singers.  She sings songs that came after the that era and gives them the Dorsey style.
Bought the vinyl when it first came out, then lost it, so ecstatic to find the album again.  Everything Julie Andrews sings is perfect.  And the arrangements are sublime.
Tommy Edwards had an all too short career.He was born in Richmond Va. in 1922 and died from a brain aneurysm on October 22,1969;at the age of only 47.In that short time he had a somewhat difficult career,as Rock and Roll was sweeping the Music World and Edwards was more of a R&B; or Pop singer, more along the style of the great Nat King Cole.You might recall his velvety voice in these songs that have become Classics;"It's All In  The Game","Please Mr Sun",Morning Side Of The Mountain",etc.His biggest hit song was "It's All In The Game" .This song was actually written in 1912 ,by Charles Dawes, a banker who became the only American Vice-President to ever write a hit song.He served under President Calvin Coolidge in 1925.The original title was "Melody in A Major"Edwards first recorded it in 1951 with limited success,but it was changed and re-recorded in 1958 with great success,selling over 3.5 million and became a Gold Record.I have the Vinyl LP version ,and the album cover is identical to the MP3 shown here issued in 2011.It was issued as High Fidelity by RCA in 1960 ( That's right,54 years ago).  The sound quality is excellent and it has the same 13 tracks as does the MP3 version.Any fans of the music of this period will love this album,especially some of the lesser heard songs.This Album brings back a lot of memories to me  as I attended a performance by him in the summer of 1968,at the St.Rose Hotel,north of Montreal.He had a younger singer with him who was also excellent.He was a black singer and sang much like Harry Belafonte.I can't recall his name,and I think he died in a car accident about a year later.The night of the performance was very stormy,and only a handfull of people showed up at the show and Tommy Edwards and the other singer were very friendly and joined us at our table as the other one sang.
Extraordinary voice that it makes a pleasure to listen. His abilities to give high and low notes without any extra effort many unique in his performances.
. . . but unless you are a Lenny Dee aficionado, you have never heard them this way!  To start with, this collection is played oh a Hammond B-3 organ, a rather unique instrument in and of itself -- these things went out of production forty years ago (at the time of this writing) yet they are still in demand because of their signature sound.  Then, Lenny Dee's particular B-3 had a sound all its own due to some modifications he had added himself -- such as a tape echo unit and reverb.  To top it off, you have the raw talent of this most capable organist coaxing delightful music out of his instrument.  You will recognize the tunes but the performance is one-of-a-kind.
It's Johnny Cash, need any more be said! These are songs from my youth when I first became a Johnny Cash fan.
Originally released around late 1959, it is great to once again have Skeeter's first album available. This is a real gem and also features some fine steel playing by Jimmy Day.
I am a fan of Christopher Sanders from the very beginnings of his career. This new CD is a long awaited delight. Known for years for his deep, rich and beautiful baritone voice, Mr. Sanders has expanded his range through the years to include a pure, stop-you-in-your-tracks, tenor sound. His rendition of the Les Miserables beautiful song, 'Bring Him Home', will take your breath away and bring you to tears. Included in the album are Sanders fan favorites with some exciting new arrangements, and new selections that demonstate his versatility of voice and performance skill. Favorites are a hip, jazzy rendition of 'What Kind of Fool Am I?', and the delightful City of Angels funfest 'I'm Nothing Without You', in which Mr. Sanders sings a wonderful duet with himself. Curtain Call is for everyone who enjoys the rich traditions of Broadway and the excellence of voice. BRAVO!
Chris takes us through a gamut of emotions including determination, self-doubt, love, hope, nostalgia and inspiration!!  The song selection is awesome, arrangements sublime.  You gotta hear "My Defenses Are Down".  I challenge you to NOT tap your toes!!
Kathleen Johnson has relaxing vocals and is a great addition to the ADEDistribution roster.Here are some other artists currently signed to ADEDistributionRyZe N Grind Vol. 1 [Explicit]That's Right (LP Mix) (feat. Raheem the Dream and Ms. Neeka) [Explicit]Yearnin' (Feat. Cousin Van) [Explicit]
It's great to be able to sing against a track created by the actual composer rather than some tinny Karaoke version.
The six poems on this disc are copied from the disc packaged with the book Stand Up To Be Discontinued. The book is a hard cover art book with essays of Don's work. The book also includes many examples of his art and poems. The book sells for anywhere from a couple of hundred to over a thousand for a first issue containing a signed print. In all editions there is a CD inside a pocket at the back of the book. The CD is Don reading these six poems. This item on Amazon is likely a pirate. The reading is a bit sad as Don is obviously having difficulty reading his poems. This recording is late in Don's life and the effects of his MS are apparent. He sounds much like the brief comments he makes in the Some Yo Yo Stuff DVD. These reading are great for a fan of Don a/k/a CB without paying the high price of the book. There is a second CD of Don reading poems in the Rhino box Riding Some Kind Of Unusual Skull Sleigh. That CD has Don reading 11 poems. In those readings Don sounds much better. The Rhino box sells for anywhere between $300 to $800. All complete issues of the Rhino box also contain a signed print. Interestingly, the signed prints in the Rhino box were completed after Don acquired MS and the signature is a bit scraggly. I have not seen the Rhino poems on a subsequent pirate.
I am one big kid. This recording did not make me feel like one. I have happy memories of reading Dr. Seuss'  books. This play brought me back those feelings.
This song is sensuous and truthful. It brings out feeling along with the sensual feelings one may feel for the one they love.
This is an actual taped show.  It is a recording of a celebration of all the music from Lerner and Lowe to Andrew Lloyd Weber produced by Cameron MacIntosh and the performances are exquisite.  I recommend that you set aside a few hours and just start at track one and then onward to the end. These are not complete scores or even complete songs in some cases. But if you begin to play it you will be singing and clapping along with the audience by the fifth song.  You get all the emotional intensity of the songs as they are so well done.There are treasures here.  "The Last Night of the World" sung by Lea Solonga and David Campbell is no where else that I have been able to find and this is a beautiful recording of it. There are many more.  If you don't get goose bumps during "One Day More" well, you shouldn't buy this.  If you love Broadway you must have it.
Great CD. The cast is amazing and the songs are sung so beautifully.  Philip Quast fans must get this CD.
My kids are doing this play in their drama program this year.  Frankly, I never heard of it before, but they don't stop singing the songs now.  Very catchy and I can't wait to see their play.
Ian shows a wonderful range of talent in beautiful love songs, an absolute pleasure to listen to. It's definitely one of my new favorite albums!!
This is a fantastic album by an amazing performer, and is entirely worth every penny. If you buy it, you won't feel your money was wasted. :)
Ian has so much depth. Don't let the seemingly-sappy selection of highlights from musicals fool you, Ian is the real deal. He is reminiscent of other "easy-listening" legends, &agrave; la Michael Ball and Josh Groban, but he has something special that they don't: if you didn't know the songs, you would never know Ian didn't write them. He sings them as if they are his songs.  He has a very special sparkle, and a magical quality about him you see in singer-songwriters. His rendition of the song from Toy Story 2 will move you to tears. His duet with the amazing Julie Benko will move you to chills. Conviction, tenderness, sincerity and heart rule this album. The rest of my music library is peppered with indie-piano songstresses and creepy goth music and Fill in the Words sits snugly, and smugly!, right up there with Tori, Bowie and Morrissey. In the future, I really would love to see this artist push himself artistically, because he has the heart of a true artist.
There's a freedom and joy to this music that you simply cannot find in much of the current music. I may be old fashioned, but that's a GOOD thing.
Saw this movie many, many years ago, but still love the soundtrack, so have it on my MP3 player so I can listen whenever I want to.
I used the Chatanooga Choo Choo as background music for a model railroad video.It was my first cinematographic endeavor.  It worked great!
got the MP3 version of this...it's a great soundtrack full of campy fun...very much in the HAIRSPRAY/GREASE/LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS vein....if you like those..you will love this...
This man is such a gift to all of us and his music just gets better and better as a solo artist.  Great guitar picking as well.  I cannot recommend this album and higher.  I enjoyed every note and word.
I have been looking forward to this album for months since I heard about it's upcoming release. Noel Paul didn't let me down. I count this as a favorite in my collection.
Once again the music of Noel Paul Stookey touches ones heart and mind.  His voice make us appreciate the ideals he has shared with us.  He is just as wonderful to hear now as he was 50 years ago.  As part of PPM, on tour with Peter Yarrow or on his own, his music just gets better.  I have enjoyed his and PPM's work and it is great that the new music can be heard.
This gentle giant of a man still has it all together. If any of you thought his voice was superb, you should pay attention to his playing of the guitar. I am so jealous of his instrumental skills !
Paul Stookey has always delivered a quality product. If you are a fan of his you will not be disappointed
There were apparently some glitches in the supply chain, but hey, that happens.  Perhaps it was more in demand than the publisher expected?  There was a special on PBS or some such, I understand, and that probably had something to do with it.  It was a Christmas present for Mom, it got there, and Mom's happy.  And if Mom's happy, everybody's happy.
Eric Dodge is the most awesome singer and I love all of his music. It is uplifting and inspirational. You don't have to worry about the language either no inappropriate words in his songs.
Fork in the road is a very relaxing album. I use music to help me work out problems that life throws me. Music is my escape. Fork in the road has been an album that contains music that has lifted me up when I was down (hallelujah and, Still haven't found what I'm looking for). I love to crank up those songs and sing along. Fork in the Road has music that helped me believe in myself (Just one Person).This album is most defiantly more on the spiritual and inspirational side.  The tracks display the talent that Eric possesses as an artist. Many of the songs that this album contains can only be sung well by great artists; Eric is defiantly one of those great artists. If I had to pick one thing that makes this album so great it would be the passion and power behind the voice of Eric.
Eric is a honest hard working artist who puts his life into words. He has earned respect from local artists as well as a great working relationship with them. They do many charity events and fund raisers. Support a great artist who puts back into his community. A great album to add to your other Eric Dodge albums. Don't forget to check out his New Book.
Eric Dodge sings from the heart and puts you in the song.Would recommend him to anyone. He makes you feel at home with all of his music. If you ever have a chance to see him live do his concerts are fantastic.
Good old fashioned fun!  The band is tight, the vocalists are great.The album hits on some memorable old tunes.
Mr. Schneider is definitely a gifted pianist, and an excellent arranger, and while he may not be the world's most talented vocalist - it doesn't matter.  The songs on this CD are all original, witty, well written and delightful to listen to.  There's something very entertaining about that voice, no matter how unpolished, and you can understand the lyrics - which is good, because they're very funny!  I really enjoyed this CD - and recommend it highly
This is a collection of songs I've written -- something old, something new, some slightly borrowed, nothing blue. The title song is about a car thief, now in prison, who writes lyrics for songs on the walls of his cell, planning on his release to head to Nashville (in his stolen car) to record a hit album. Other songs are about a little kid showing off on his bike, a singer with a voice worse than mine who defends himself against the town bully by singing him to death. . . a boy from eastern Kentucky who can't find a girl to marry because they're all related to him (according to his daddy). . . a wealthy man who has the blues because there's nothing in his highly successful life to give him the blues like everyone else has. The old Andrews Sisters tune about the boogie-woogie bugle boy has new words and music and is now about a delivery boy for a deli who never gets the orders right. . .unless you order bagels. Jack and Jill are now a couple of crazy kids destined to be wiped out when the cops chase them down the hill. Then there's the guy who's fallen in love with his nurse and pretends to get sicker so she'll visit him more often. There's a Halloween song with every horror movie clich&eacute; imaginable, and a song about an inept plastic surgeon who cuts off more than he intended to. And a guy who willingly contributes to his girlfriend's kids, even though he's not the father. And finally a "Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice" sort of tune about mix-and-match couples at a party. Silly stuff, to be sure, but fun. Really!
Loved it when I was a kid, I love it now. Isn't it strange when you know all the words? It's a little scary if people come over when I'm listening to it on my ear buds though! If I'm working in the shop, I just start singing along. That can be a bit unnerving if people don't have advanced notice of what you are hearing!
Thank you, ALW, for finding the backup masters to recreate this masterpiece!  Now go back and create me a quadrophonic SACD release!  :-)
This recording of the great Jesus Christ Superstar rock opera performed by the original cast cannot be beat.  I prefer it over the movie soundtrack.  The quality of the 2012 digitally re-mastered edition is very high.
The sound behind this performance just screams &#34;early 70's rock opera&#34;, which is exactly what it should sound be!  I'm doing this show for the first time in a few weeks, and have really come to enjoy the music so far, which is surprising because nothing from A.L. Weber has really grabbed my attention before.  This recording is the quintessential version of JCSS.  I mean, it must be... I haven't listened to every other recording in existence, obviously... but I'm betting it is.  ;)
An amazing work that needs to be introduced to all generations.  Buy it and play it for your 'tween kids--they will be surprised!
I remember it when it was released in 1971'bout says it all.  ALW at his best! Nothing more needs to be said.
Original London cast.ANDREW Loyd Webbers first rock opera.  Excellent lyrics and great music. Do not buy the movie soundtrack.  The original cast of J.C. Superstar is hard to find at most places but I found it and God Spell(original cast) getting music for my Kindle Fire.  A quick download and no dealing with traffic, or special ordering at the music shop.
Love  it.
I no longer have the vinyl copy I bought back in 1975.  It is great to hear this music again.  This album was recorded before it was ever performed on stage.  This is by far the best recording of JCS, perhaps because the performers are rock musicians, not actors.  For example, Jesus is played by Ian Gillan who was the lead singer for the group Deep Purple.  The CD is wonderful, all the depth and color without the clicks and pops of vinyl.  The digital booklet has aged parchment pages and contains all of the lyrics.  It downloaded into the &#34;Books&#34; section of iTunes and opened as a PDF file.  I highly recommend this recording.
when I bought this as an mp3 album, I knew all the songs and the quality was great but it is a &#34;2 disc&#34; item and when it is downloaded track1 from disc 1 is followed by track 1 of disc 2 and so on for all the tracks. you have to make your own playlist to have them play in the proper order.
This has always been one of my favorite pieces of music.  It is so convient to have it handy with me all the time.
Love it more, actually, because vinyl was ALWAYS hard to deal with.... so I get the music I love in an easier to use form that sounds good...
A superb production, digitally remastered. I downloaded it via cloud to my Samsung S3. Legendary album, just as good as I remember from my younger years.
Has always been a 5 in my book. Bought to replace my vinyl version. Have seen the movie and the stage versions of JCS and this recording remains my favorite.L Boyd
Best modern adaptation of the Gospel!  The only thing that comes close is Godspell! I would recommend this to anyone!
Uplifting...great voices, composition, and theme throughout!This is one of the best musical scores I have in my collection.  I love classic, rock, acoustic, percussion (oh, and a good Bordeaux ;)), and the songs deliver all of this (with the exception of the French wine).  I highly recommend...
Fabulous songs, lyrics top notch, and it even tells a story!Timeless due to the subject matter. I listened 30 years ago and today with the same pleasure.
This timeless story tells the last seven days of Christ's life,  but,  can be extrapolated to the life of anyone who hasn't been accepted by societal norms.  A story of power and influence,  fear of loss and lack of understanding.  The music is phenomenal,  stirring.  I prefer Ted Neeley in the role of Christ,  but,  powerful none-the-less.
One of my favorite albums.  This soundtrack has been stuck in my head since I was taken to see a performance back in the mid-70s.  For those who think of this as a &#34;Broadway musical&#34;, listen to this version!  From the incredible guitar work by Neil Hubbard to the ass kicking bass riffs from Alan Spenner, and the unreal vocals from Ian Gillan (who left Deep Purple at the height of their success to do this) and Murray Head, the pure musicianship will blow you away.  Back that with the fact that this is probably the most inspired work by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Weber, who launched their careers with the success this had.
I have been enjoying this edition for many, many years. I first had in on long play record album; then on tape; and then on CD which was beginning to wear out. I was delighted to find I could now download it the MP3 version, and re-mastered at that. I am still enjoying this classic after all these years!
I still have the original LP and bought this to listen to digitally.Still gives me goosebumps after 40 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WoW!  I had not listened to this classic rock opera in about 30 years.  For many years I was made to feel that this was a form of spiritual blasphemy.  After breaking free from those constraints, I had to wonder why I allowed others to place such immense guilt upon me? I was now free to watch the movie (again after 30 years) "Jesus Christ Superstar".  What a great experience that was. What?  Why DID I let others tell me what my spirit had known all along?  So quickly I remembered the feeling I had those many years ago hearing the story of Christ set to fabulous rock music written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and wonderful lyrics by Tim Rice. I realized there is NO blasphemy involved.  THUS, I allowed myself to purchased the album.  It is a marvelous way of enjoying a beautifully composed opera in modern rock style.  No matter if you are a Christian (as I was not when I first saw the movie and had the vinyl album) or just enjoy great music that touches your soul and moves you in many different ways, this is a classic feel good, sing along choice.  I was surprised that after all these years I remember almost all of the words and I myself began to feel like my inner rock star could once again shine forth! :)
I love this soundtrack. I have purchased this over the years on LP, tape and CD.  This digital version is truly amazing, it will not disappoint.
I can't get the songs out of my head. PLEASE: if you haven't watched the actual musical from the 1970s, please do it. The songs have way more impact when you listen to them, and I especially love running through the scenes again in my head. Andrew Lloyd Webber is a genius.
There are a couple burps in this digitized reproduction.  Was well worth the purchase.I saw the original in the 70's, I enjoy the original very much.... Especially during this Easter season.
A wonderful collection of Disney magic from all the famous shows. Will have you singing and dancing along!!! Well worth it!!!
If you  love the Three Stooges, you will love this Songbook. The Songbook includes the original Curly. This makes it a prize! I use it  for Ringtones and Notifications  on my phone. It has the ABC song. It has several of Curly's famous one liners. Great fun!
This is funny, sweet, sophisticated, timely, well-performed -- a gem of an album.  It's a recording of a live performance, so you get the cabaret feel of the act.  You can hear and feel their affection for each other, which adds to warmth of the performance.  Some laugh-out-loud material in there as well, from politics to the personal.  Highly recommended!  (You can catch them on YouTube as well.)
One of the greatest Broadway artists of his generation, Brian Stokes Mitchell does not disappoint.  Great sound, wonderful playlist, well done.
Brian Stokes Mitchell, the 55-year-old Broadway baritone, has (finally!) released his second solo CD. It's one that fans will devour. Everything connected with this Tony-winning singer screams Broadway in the best sense of the word. And Mitchell has a new project that speaks well for his sense of respect and generosity-a series of concerts, the profits of which will be split evenly between The Actors Fund (he's chairman of their board) and non-profit concert sites. These concerts are tagged to the CD.As well they should be.The CD is simply titled Simply Broadway (CD Baby).And "simply" is the key here. With just a pianist-arranger Tedd Firth, a fan can close their eyes and think they've landed in that Great Piano Bar in heaven.By "simply" using a piano rather than an orchestra, some lyrical rare gems are exposed. The big, show-stopping numbers, Feeling Good (The Roar of the Greasepaint . . .) and "Stars" from Les Miserables, are blasted.As well they should be."The Impossible Dream" is a very possible dream with this talent's voice. And against this orgy of show-biz anthems, we have "How to Handle a Woman" (Camelot) and "Some Other Time" (On the Town) that are as tender and warm as can be, and sung just for the singer and the listener.However, "Soliloquy" (Carousel) is the reason to grab this CD. As good as any recording of this impossibly difficult piece, Mitchell's acting is so immediate and real he makes you listen to the piece as if it were brand new. You're gonna need a big handkerchief here, and most likely it sends you back to listen to the whole show, wishing some genius producer would mount a revial of the show for Mitchell before, well, let's face it . . . Billy is of a certain age and can only be stretched so far.Blessings on Mitchell for giving us this and the other treats on this CD. A grand concert with a philharmonic orchestra is wonderful, but, sometimes, you just gotta love a piano. Inspired by the Bill Evans-Tony Bennett recordings of just piano and vocal, this is the place for a quiet concentration on the talent of the singer and the musician-arranger. Firth is a very economical player, almost like Jimmy Lyon, allowing the theme to bleed effortlessly through, under and around Mitchell's extraordinary instrument. The piano break in "Sorry-Grateful" (Company) has a wit, charm and wistfulness that's wonderful. This is the ultimate highwire act for any singer, just a piano isn't much of a safety net. Yet for following the shape and taste of a song, sometimes simplicity is best.
I admit I was skeptical when I saw the playlist. Really ? "Some Enchanted Evening" ? again?  How is it possible to bring anything fresh to such a song?But Stokes and his wonderful pianist took this song as far from Bali Ha'i as it could go- revealing it's simple beauty.And it was the same for each selection - spare but elaborate mining of gems- full of new richness.Buy this CD, put the ear buds in, put the feet up, and enjoy!.
it arrived on time.  he has always been a favorite of mine, but has last cd wasn't very good.  this one hits the spot.
great album with so many favorite show tunes.  I could listen to Brian Stokes Mitchell any where and any time--his voice makes the songs even more memorable.
This is a great collection of songs made better by Brian Stokes Mitchell.  A couple songs are just night right for him, but all in all, a great collection.
Possibly the finest baritone voice on Broadway, Brian Stokes Mitchell is sensational. This CD is full of wonderful songs, from Tp Dream The Impossible Dream to If I Was A Rich Man. Simply a joy from beginning to end.
A classic voice like Brian Stokes Mitchell's needs to be heard singing Broadway classics.  This CD gives the listener a chance to revel in an entire set of songs sung by him, instead of waiting for his star turns in the many shows he's recorded.  Not to be missed!
I asked my husband to get me this cd for my birthday.  It is a flawless recording of my favorite male Broadway singer singing many of my favorite show tunes.  I bought it for a friend's birthday and she too flipped over it.I have never heard Stokes sing one note I wish were different.  His tone, his phrasing, his dramatic build up, in short, every sound that comes out of his mouth moves me in a way that is indescribable (or possibly, I'm intimidated about saying just how deeply his voice affects me).I am nervous about saying his voice is a gift from God, lest anyone think you can sing like this without incredibly hard work.  But that said, having been born with the raw talent to be able to get to the level where he is, is a gift from God.I am so grateful that this album was recorded.  After listening to this cd, I challenge anyone to say that there is no such thing as perfection.
Mr. Mitchell's new CD Simply Broadway is anything but simple! Yes, it's one piano, one voice. It's songs you've heard before but not in this way.  As is his custom, this is an artist who always stretches, always finding fresh, new ways to interpret what you thought was familiar. With his inimitable delivery Stokes molds each tune as would a sculptor. I particularly like his interpretation of What Kind of Fool Am I. I typically think of Sammy Davis Junior when I hear it, but with Mr. Mitchell's interpretation I learned a lot that was new!Run, don't walk to get several copies! And, now your Holiday gift list has just been made easier!
This voice! Wow! Smooth and creamy, with soft tones couldn't be better! THere's a subtle richness to his singing and his choice of music is wonderful!
For Lovers Of Broadway Musicals Or Just To Listen To Brian Sing THIS IS A MUST PURCHASE!!!!!!! HE IS FANTASTIC!!!!!!
Brian Stokes Mitchell is one of my favorite Broadway signers.  This CD was one of his best.  Really great songs, I highly recommend it.
I would listen to Brian Stokes Mitchell sing the phone book!The Impossible Dream was written for him, I'm sure of it!
Jonathan Schwartz has been playing this album on his NPR show for months and calls it the best album of the year.  Hip hop and rock aficionados may not agree, but then Simply Broadway isn't for them.  (And shows like Rock of Ages, Motown, and Let It Be really aren't musical comedies.)  Broadway veteran Mitchell sings these show tunes accompanied only by a piano and for the most part sings them in the role for which they were originally written.  If this is your kind of music, don't hesitate.  Buy it.
A wonderful voice and amazing actor singing some of the greatest hits Broadway has to offer. What's not to love?
Musically, conceptually, emotionally profound. Stokes at his best as he imagines himself into the characters whose songs he sings. And the solo piano enhances each one. An album to treasure.
I recently played Brian Stokes Mitchell's second album Simply Broadway and the results were simply fantastic! I downloaded this album back in the spring or summer of this year and I knew what I was getting with "Stokes", as he is called. I have his first album as well as the new Broadway soundtrack of Man of La Mancha in which he stars with Mary Elizabeth Mastantonio and Ernie Sabella-equally great albums.I don't have a favorite song on this album as they are all great.If I were you, I'd get this album as soon as possible because you are missing out on the best of Broadway music...thanks Amazon you've done it again!Simply Broadway
Brian Stokes Mitchell takes on all the great Broadway songs for men and makes them his own.  My favorite will always be "The Impossible Dream" since I saw him sing it Man of La Mancha on Broadway.  But he does wonderful versions of such diverse classics as "If I Were a Rich Man" from Fiddler and "Soliloquy" from Carousel, and those two roles would likely never be played by the same actor. If you are a fan of Stokes or of Broadway music, you will want to have this CD in your library.
Brian Stokes Mitchell has one of those voices that comes along once a lifetime and his cover of If I Were A Rich Man brings tears. The whole album is wonderful, with Soliloquy, The Impossible Dream, Stars, and If I Were A Rich Man being my favourites. Definitely a must-buy.
Stokes is one of Broadway's great leading men and this CD reinforces that opinion. His rendition of the Soliloquy from Carousel is superb - that alone makes the CD a &#34;keeper&#34;
He has one of the best voices around today.  It is simply amazing the sounds he can vocalize.  He has his own style and every song he sings is a tribute to his wonderful gift.
Brian Stokes Mitchell is my new LOVE!  His voice is fantastic....powerfully rich , emotionally expressive...he is.so fabulously talented.  I will continue to look for ANYTHING he records and will follow his touring schedule, too.  I just adore this CD.  MFB
Nah.  Mr. Stokes doesn't perform the beautiful ballad mentioned in my headline.  But he really should.  In fact, he should perform every ballad ever written for the Broadway musical stage.  Until he does, this album certainly will suffice, which indeed it does most magnificently.  &#34;Sorry Grateful&#34; (from Sondheim's &#34;Company&#34;) literally brought a tear to my eye, and is the standout performance on this outstanding album IMHO.  But the other songs are equally beautiful, each in its own way.  Mr. Stokes has a fantastic and beautiful voice, and it's always a pleasure to hear him perform, whatever the medium.
Again bought for my wife--based on a review that appeared in the Wall Street Journal. She likes this type of music and she was pleased.  Not my type of music--red neck country music is more my style.  But horses for courses and all that.
The songs on the CD were some of the greats of Broadway. Brian Stokes Mitchell always leaves you wanting more! Love listening to it going to work . Starts my day off right.
The voice without embellishment.  If this is what you are looking for, you will find that this disc is perfect.
Would recommend this to anyone that is a little older and appreciates GOOD singing rather than the screaming you hear so much of today
Brian Stokes Mitchell, whom I have seen in Kiss Me, Kate, Man of La Mancha, and the Encores! production of Kismet, as well as in concert with Martin Short and the Pittsburgh Pops conducted by the late Marvin Hamlisch, proves once and for all that he is the heir to the Broadway musical leading-man tradition established by such legends as Alfred Drake, John Raitt (Bonnie's father), Howard Keel, and Gordon MacRae.  Accompanied only by the sympathetic pianist Tedd Firth, Mitchell guides his audience through a collection of show tunes ranging from the Gershwins' &#34;It Ain't Necessarily So&#34; (from Porgy and Bess) to Boublil, Kretzmer, and Schonberg's &#34;Stars&#34; (from Les Miserables), with a particularly climactic version of the &#34;Soliloquy&#34; from Rodgers and Hammerstein's Carousel.  On Lerner and Loewe's &#34;How to Handle a Woman&#34; (from Camelot), Mitchell pays tribute to Richard Burton and Richard Harris, both of whom portrayed King Arthur to great distinction, and suggests that he could easily fill their shoes in a future production.  Mitchell reprises two selections from productions in which he has starred:  Man of La Mancha's &#34;The Impossible Dream&#34;, and &#34;Some Enchanted Evening&#34; from South Pacific, in which he appeared in a Carnegie Hall concert version in 2005.  This introspective Broadway tour ends on a subdued note with Leonard Bernstein's &#34;Some Other Time&#34; from On the Town, in which Mitchell adapts Betty Comden and Adolph Green's lyrics to &#34;Haven't sung half the songs I want to,&#34; and hopefully this hints at more to come from this Broadway titan.
Brian Stokes Mitchell has definitely added a new meaning in my collection. The Simply Broadway isthe first CD I have purchased. The collection of Broadway tunes is absolutely fantastic. The onepiano background is the first time I have  heard anyone with a single piano do somagnificently. His voice is clear and strong.Robin Iveson
As a fan of Brian Stokes Mitchell I was really looking forward to this album.  It far exceeded y expectations. The voice is just amazing and this is a wonderful album, especially for any Broadway lover.
Brian has the most incredible voice.  Having seen him on Broadway and inconcerts I looked forward to this album.  It is amazing.  I listen in the caras well as in the evenings.  I never tire of Brian's voice.
I've been on the edge of my keyboard waiting for this album ever since his wonderful 2006 release.  Stokes internalizes songs and brings them to life.  To hear this album, one would think they had discovered a series of brief one-man musicals - each song delivered so strong as to make you believe in the role portrayed. It's also worth mentioning Stokes has mentioned the inspiration for the album arose from the Bill Evans/Tony Bennett recordings also notable for the sparce combination piano and voice.  In every way, Stokes has exceeded the expectations that such a comparision suggests. Stunning!
This by far the most outstanding recording I've heard from a singer in years - Babs notwithstanding!  Each selection is presented with Stokes' trademark voice and what is referred to as 'vocal stylings'. Stokes doesn't just ride the music, he moves through it like a dancer. The interpretations of each song - both vocally and pianistically, a true dialog here - are individual jewels. Ranging from utmost tenderness [How to Handle a Woman] through wry humor [Ain't Necessarily So; If I Were a Rich Man] through subtle, deeper spins on the classics [Some Enchanted Evening; What Kind of Fool Am I] to more contemporary views [Finishing the Hat; Sorry Grateful] - the album is packed with memorable and addictive performances. Particularly enticing is listening to these tunes for the nuances from both performers in interpreting the material, and the dialog between them. Even if you're sure these classics are stale for you, give a listen and be prepared to smile - grin even - and maybe quietly bask in the sunshine of this offering.
This is the album I hoped Brian Stokes Mitchell would release. With his mellifluous baritone he delves into his Broadway history and puts his own spin on classics and some less-familiar pieces. He moves from tender to sassy with ease. The arrangements are simple and lush and his accompianist is brilliant.Take a bow and give us more.
He's got such a gorgeous voice, but a splendid way of stepping into each vocal soul.  He's a gift to us.
One of the great voices of our time, and his lyric interpretation is magnificent! Brew a cup of tea, put on a pair of headphones, and hear these Broadway classics as they were written to be sung.
This is one of two of the first &#34;grown up&#34; records (LPs) I was addicted to as a child. I would sneak into my brother's room and listen to it on his Hi-Fi. No other cast, no other orchestra, no other arrangements will ever be right for me but this one. Love it!
He's sound is happy & cheerful. I love banjo music. I had never heard of him before. I ran across him by looking for Burlington Burdie. So glad I found him.Edmund Andreas Arredondo
This piece is perfect if your looking for a standard Broadway Karaoke repertoire song. It is not Intrusive and falls into a good range for most singers.  A good piece to have and we'll played.
I have been a Vinx fan since the early 90's with this Rooms in My Fatha's House album.  He's so unique and such a velvety voice.  I know some of these songs I already have but I just love his music.  I hope more people listen to him.  He's amazing.
Some Vinx fans may have versions of some of these songs, but no worries, Vinx loves to reward his loyal fans by pre-releasing music, rough mixes, etc on his website, through his apps and at shows.  This album is the first formal Vinx release since his Christmas record, Little Drummer Boy.  It is a collection of ballads that is perfect for Valentine's Day.  Rumor has it the next planned release will feature Caribbean/world/ethnic percussion driven songs.  It's why I am a fan... you never know what's next with Vinx.
Looking at the track list and listening to the samples - and being a giant Vinx fan - I already own over half these songs from other albums.  Can someone tell me if there's any reason to repurchase?Five star review though, because the songs are fantastic and Vinx is a unique and wonderful artist.
Yes, I would buy this movie again it was initial introduction to Yul Brynner.  It's great you will laugh, Cry, and get angry too!The music and songs are wonderful especially Shall We Dance.  I would reccommend it to anyone who enjoys musicals where a love story unfolds.
Anything with George Jones is wonderful, you have to like his style of which I do, so all of George' music is great.
Claire has a beautiful voice and picked the best songs to reflect her strengths. She has a light opera sound and soars with every note. She even takes on Andrew Lloyd Webber's 'Love Never Dies' which is a hard song. She masters it wonderfully. Other favorites of mine are 'Falling In Love With Love' 'A Wonderful Guy' 'Climb Every Mountain' and 'The Lusty Month of May'. Others I am just getting familiar with. I would highly recommend this to anyone who just appreciates the simplicity of beautiful music with a beautiful voice!
Absolutely delicious selection of songs that showcase Claire's magnificent soaring voice. Anyone who loves the beauty of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Memories,Wishing, and Love Never Dies along with classics such as I could have danced all night, and Somewhere over the rainbow will love this CD.  Claire has been wowing audiences all over Asia as Christine in the Phantom of the Opera World Tour and this selection of songs in her debut solo album demonstrate why she was hand picked for this coveted role. Just beautiful!
I purchased this for a show I was in. I was able to learn the music fast! Great soundtrack!  Awesome price!
I liked this a lot. It is smart, funny and wry. I think that recordings like this signal a return to witty American classics.
I got the album at the recommendation of a friend, and I've been really blown away by the overall style. It's got everything a modern Broadway fan would appreciate. The vocals are strong, the instrumentals are spot-on, and the feeling of each song takes you away to the last cabaret bar you were at in New York. And that's really what we're all looking for, right?
What fun music! Interesting combination of a lot of different styles. Definitely enjoyable to listen to. Go out and get it!
Great record - a combination of many styles. Cabaret, rock, show tunes. Great songwriting, clever lyrics, wonderfully performed! As someone who is usually drawn to more rock oriented recordings, this is a great listen!
Kan moeilijk zeggen dat mijn zang uniek is, maar van het orkest kan ik dat wel! Subliem in Kaapstad opgenomen, met Koos Mark, meer dan 30 jaar muzikaal leider van Robert Long, als grote man. Heerlijke sound, een hulde aan Toon, alles opgefrist en met een speciaal voor de opnamen samengesteld orkest.
It is cabaret, marching band and vamp all in one cd.  Love it!I play it in my car when stuck in slow traffic and it picks me right up!
This is a Scandinavian version of the London Decca CD of this particular collection of Ferrier's folk songs I've had for years. And the 33 1/3 before that, both rather worn.) I'm so happy to have it again, and no wear and tear. I find no diminution in sound quality, it's so good to have an old friend again! When you listen often to collections of anything, you become used to the contents and their order and that to me was an added bonus.
I once had a cassette tape of the Doc Cheatham sides with Eartha Kitt and loved it. I remember it then being very other worldly and I imagined them recording their work in a hotel room in Paris while smoking les gauloise and drinking absinthe. I'm sure I'm off on that fantasy, but when I found this mp3, I played it and the same images came up. A lovely album of gentle, charming jazz. The sides with Kitt are excellent and she truly sings, not her later career spoken style. The tracks without her are more muscular and smart, but the total package makes for excellent listening. Especially perfect for a summer dinner party.
I really enjoyed the entire album.  Very heartfelt...Great job! Jane keeps it elegant and sophisticated with wonderful, meaningful lyrics and smooth music.
Lee Siegel, a young singer who has delighted audiences at Stratford, La Jolla and New York in Jesus Christ Superstar, is now lighting up the Avon and Festival Theatres in Tommy and Fiddler on the Roof. He has just released his debut album "Where's the Orchestra." The Orchestra is behind him, but it is hardly needed as he wows us with contemporary and traditional Jazz and musical theatre selections. From a startlingly well done "Tomorrow" to a heart breaking "Where did our Love Go?" Siegel explores relationships that have ended, grown cold, and have just begun. His range is incredible and his voice a powerhouse. Yet, he knows when to rope his voice in to a gently serenade us. Stratford is full of people with great talent. Siegel certainly is one of them. Also, make sure you catch him Fiddler on the Roof and Tommy....I think he playing about 100 parts!
This album andA Gasser!feature Ross backed by West Coast ensembles and portray her in a different musical context. While both are excellent albums I find myself listening to this one more. One reason is this album has a cohesive theme, and another the larger backing ensemble showcases Ross' versatility as a vocalist.Listen to the sound samples on this page for a hint of both the music and sound quality. I will admit that if you are expecting something along the lines of Lambert, Hendricks & Ross you may not like this. On the other hand, if you are also an Anita O'Day fan this may appeal to you - it certainly does for me.The album was arranged by Buddy Bregman and recorded for the World Pacific label in Los Angeles in late 1958/early 1959 (I am guessing late December to early January). Ross is backed by a who's who of west coast musicians in an ensemble comprised of Conte and Pete Candoli on trumpet, Frank Rosolino on trombone, Herb Geller on alto sax, Richie Kamuca and Stan Getz on tenor sax and Bill Perkins on baritone sax. The rhythm section was comprised of Russ Freeman on piano, Jim Hall on guitar, Monte Budwig on bass and Mel Lewis on drums.Also note that this album is included with a value-priced, six album set titled6 Classic Albums - Annie Rossthat you may want to check out before making a final purchase decision.
2 great songs, one from les miserables, the other a new production.  Enjoyed both greatly. Highly recommended. It's good come across new exciting talent like this.
I've already reviewed Jason Forbach's A New Leading Man but I'm going to go ahead and review his latest album as well. This man oozes talent and passion. He deserves to be listened to, even if you only buy one of his songs, I promise you it will be 99 cents worth spending. His vocal range is so impressive and his newest song, 'Revolutionary' is beautiful. My only regret is that I only got to hear him sing it live once. :(Catch him on twitter @jtforbach or [...] to tell him how awesome he is once you've given him a listen. He's very good to his fans and deserves a wider fan base than he has already.
Jason Forbach has done it again. All the songs are beautiful and I'm so happy to have a physical copy. Revolutionary is a beautiful song with very meaningful lyrics, and his version of Bring Him Home just has me hoping he'll play Valjean on stage one day, it's one of the most gorgeous versions I've ever heard. For the physical copy of the album, it's just a paper sleeve to hold the item but I prefer this as plastic cases tend to break. The CD has a very beautiful print across it and actually moved me a bit! I highly recommend buying it, you can't really go wrong and your ears will thank you..!
Most naughty songs use bad words. There's not a single curse word on any track here, but you totally crack up at the humor. As with most double entendres your filthy mind brings the jokes to life. The more rotten to the core you are, the funnier the songs get, without a streak of blue anywhere other than Jack's hair dye. Lizzy has an amazing voice, and I'd appreciate using her box at the opera any night! Brava! Half the songs are originals, half ones you might have heard before, but if you're not an old naughty record fan, you will never be able to tell which are 100 years old and which are newbies. Equally knee-slapping silly and melodious fun!
On this album, Mr. Schneider again entertains us with song, accompanied by his marvelous piano arrangements.  His voice may be an acquired taste.  Gentle and warm, it isn't a voice from the Broadway Stage, but rather the voice of a beloved relative or friend, entertaining, but not perfect.  I find it delightful and relaxing to listen to!  The songs he's chosen are truly wonderful, with names like &#34;Baby Aileen and Her Dancing Elephant&#34; and &#34;Drink Your Beet While the Fate Lady Sings&#34;. These aren't numbers you've been humming all your life, and are therefore that much more fun to hear.  I highly recommend this album.
In a very real sense, this is a sequel of OFF-THE-WALL, also available through Amazon mp3 downloads. These are all original songs. Most are sardonic in outlook, though not all of them are. Quite a few are leftovers from the days when I used to do late-night cabaret shows on cruise ships (thoough these are all new arrangements, newly recorded). Some of them date from many years ago. For example, "The Blue Nun Blues" and "Hey, Love -- Remember Me?" were written in the early 70s. Some are far more recent. They range from rag-songs like, "Home Again Rag," to ersatz country, like "Where Will You Sleep Tonight?" Several were written for a husband-and-wife lounge duo I once worked with who were really interested in my writing. I wrote nearly a whole album's-worth of songs just for them. That's the last I've heard of them! In my case, I almost always write lyrics first. In several cases here, I wrote the lyrics in my head while out for my daily morning walk, then set then to music once I was back at a computer and/or keyboard. These songs, like everything I write, are strictly for fun. Hopefully others will think so, too!
Geoff Barone &#8211; Conversation Pieces (Independent)Geoff Barone is something of an enigma. The New York City based singer-songwriter-composer-musician has a CV that includes TV, film, video games and musical theatre, and &#8220;Conversation Pieces&#8221; is his fourth album, that I know of. It begs the question: why isn&#8217;t he better known?I know there are lots of talented artists out there, toiling away, and never receiving the recognition they deserve, but it&#8217;s difficult to understand precisely where Barone is falling short. He certainly has the respect of fellow musicians, as over 20 of them appear on &#8220;Conversation Pieces&#8221;, and their presence, together with the many instruments they bring into play, gives the collection a depth of sound that brings to mind the grand progressive productions of the early &#8216;70s.The fact that it&#8217;s a bonafide concept album, with a structured narrative, only adds to the illusion, and fortunately Barone has more than enough talent to match his musical ambitions. Though very much a rock album, he incorporates a range of sounds and styles to tell the tale of a nameless, troubled teen and his journey through high school.Guest vocalists take roles within the story, and they lend the album a defined filmic quality. Albums like &#8220;Tommy&#8221; and &#8220;The Wall&#8221; provide easy reference points, certainly with regard to structure, though &#8220;Conversation Pieces&#8221; doesn&#8217;t sound much like either. In fact it&#8217;s almost impossible to come up with easy comparisons, which is always a good thing.The tracks are merged to present the piece as a seamless whole, and listeners are encouraged to hear the hour-long album in one sitting. As for standout tracks, there isn&#8217;t any shortage, but it&#8217;s important to hear them in context, so I can only off much the same advice. Get comfortable, open a bottle and enjoy.
Love Quirks is a funny, touching, and completely contemporary take on love and romance. Through four voices - men and women, gay and straight and everything in between - we hear of love found, love wanted, and love just-barely-missed. Some songs feature laugh-out-loud humor (&#34;It's Not You, It's Me&#34;), while others are poignant (&#34;You Can't Always Choose/I Saw You Tonight&#34;). The stores told are both true to real experiences - who hasn't been on an awkward first date with someone they met online, or always seems to be attracted only to people who're unavailable? - and also larger than life, in ways that point out the 'quirks' that the search for love always seems to bring. Throughout, listen for composer/lyricist Seth Bisen-Hersh's signature rhymes and harmonies.I look forward to seeing this show off-Broadway soon!
I've followed Denise Lee for several years as she's grown in the local music and theatre scene in Dallas.  I've seen her sing with so such soul and care that the audience was in tears.  She brings realness and talent to the songs in this album.  She brings them to life with her vocals and her energy.  She knows when to pour it on and when to hold back and let the audience come to her.  I hope she makes several more albums.  I'll be buying and listening to each one.
She just keeps getting better!  In this album, she has original material in addition to beloved classics. The arrangements are soaring and her voice is better than ever!  Highly recommend if you enjoy great singing and great music! =P
This cd is beyond a wonderful find- this was like stumbling upon a true musical treasure !I happened to be looking online for some music for a wedding that I'm helping to organize.Someone told me about a song called *YOU and I*, and the only recording I could find of it, was by Miss Hanley and Petula Clark.I couldn't hear much of the clip online; so I downloaded them both.What a surprise to hear the medley of ON MY WAY TO YOU and YOU AND I ,by Miss Hanley !It brought me to tears- and I say that with no exaggeration,  as this medley is so emotionally stirring.{I wish I were getting married again, so I could use this song. }The vocals and arrangements were so beautiful, I realized I just had to buy the whole cd!I am so happy to have discovered this artist, Miss Hanley Millman; and this particular cd by her, which I learned is her latest release.Now that I  own this cd and  am in love with her incredible voice, I will be putting her other two other cds( earlier releases) on my wish list for my birthday- which is coming up in January.( Hint -Hint to family & friends):-)Right now?I am enjoying this cd everywhere I go.Whether I am in my car- playing it on my  home stereo, or popping it into my computer,  I find myself hitting replay over and over and over ...  :-)This is a MUST HAVE cd!
I am a fan of Miss Hanley-Millman's Broadway album so was excited to hear this one. This one is even a better! The arrangements are incredible and particularly loved the choice of material. Some fabulous original show tunes and lesser known songs. Probably one of the the most beautifully orchestrated albums I've heard in a while.
Heather's voice is so mature and rich. I Dreamed a Dream was especially good. Hearing her sing will brighten up your day!
I am friends with Marco and I have all ways loved to sit and hear him sing I all ways calm down
Fans of Broadway show tunes and standards, REJOICE!  This CD is a beautiful compilation of some of the bestof these genres, sung by the warm, rich voice of Linda Rand.  The feelings are felt and the arrangements arelush and beautifully played.  I heartily recommend this CD to all who thought these songs weren't being sung onCDs anymore.  ENJOY!
I was blown away by this gorgeous CD; I recommend it for anyone who loves vocal music.  The song choices take the listened on such a special musical journey, its hard to put into words how emotionally powerful the music was.  The arrangements, the vocals, the song order, spanned a range from fun and light to seriously introspective; I loved it.  I'm listening to it over and over again, and it gets better every time!
Absolutely recomended for those who love the good music and the experiments with new sounds! Good future for this great artist from Argentina!
Mary is surely becoming a local hero for her story, and now for this lovely album. A pure soprano with a clear and sweet voice, full of drama. She will keep you entranced in her stories, and take you new places with her treatment of old classics. You will love this album, and Mary Carrick!
Mary's vocal range and delivery are excellent,  easy to listen to  anytime, and you find yourself singing along without realizing it.
I cannot say enough good things about this gorgeous album. Ms. Budd breaths new life into these classic favorites. Her voice is flawless (as always) and the arrangements allow you hear these songs in wonderful new ways. I especially loved &#34;Love Me Do,&#34; an ingenious re-imagining of a familiar favorite. &#34;Perfect&#34; is just that, perfect. The guitar work combined with Ms. Budd's gorgeous voice is just wonderful! If you want to hear pure, brilliant vocal talent, look no further.
ASTOUNDING!  GENIOUS!  RAPTUROUS!  WONDROUS!  There just aren't enough adjectives to describe Julie Budd's highly anticipated release &#34;THEY WROTE THE SONGS!&#34;  It is a magnificent CD comprised of beautiful songs that obviously have great meaning to Julie.  Her heartfelt performance is felt throughout and leaves you yearning for more.  BRAVA!
Once again Julie delivers an album that is beautiful start to finish, Her silky voice envelopes each and every song as if written for her. Julie conveys warmth and emotion that is so often lost with new artists today, If I had one change I would like to see made it would be more songs. Then again I can not get enough of her music, An album of 50 songs would still leave me wanting more of this extraordinary songstress.
After listening to Julie Budd's eagerly awaited release of her new CD, I have only one word: BRILLIANT.  My admiration and awe of Miss Budd's voice has always been in the forefront with me . Her choice of songs exemplifies her abilities as one of the best vocalists this business has given to us.  Miss Budd knows how to perfectly interpret a song and knows how to deliver it as only she can! Her rendition of &#34;Home&#34; is tenderly produced with the sounds of children at the beginning and end of the song to show what &#34;home&#34; means to her and to all of us.  Her delivery brings us back to a time that we desperately need in these times: love and family.  &#34;Kindred Spirits&#34; delivers a tender lyric with a heartfelt vocal.  One of my favorites is the Anthony Newley medley.  I'm sure you'd agree that Miss Budd can devote an entire show or CD to his brilliance as a writer.  The arrangement is pure magic and her transition to each song is seamless and gorgeous.  When you listen to this medley, you would think that he wrote them with Miss Budd in mind.  So, dear listeners: ENJOY.  Miss Julie Budd has given us a treasure for years to come.
Julie is truly an American Musical treasure.  Her voice is pure spun gold.  Typically in her CD offerings, Julie brings her gifted artistry to the tone and expression of every song.  And in this, her new CD entitled, &#8220;They Wrote the Songs&#8221; &#8211; an homage to contemporary songwriters, she sustains her position as a true vocal artist.  Her voice is simply sublime &#8211; it is tender when the phrase calls for delicacy and sensitivity and then soars to the stars with rich and emotional power unsurpassed by anyone singing today.  The intimacy she relates to her audience is truly a personal experience.She is simply unmatched!The arrangements that envelop her voice, written by her Musical Director, the masterful, Herb Bernstein, are its perfect complement.  The beautiful orchestrations that create the playground for Julie&#8217;s vocal expression are as thoughtful and wonderful as the clarity of each luminous phrase.  Like sparkling crystal held to the light, the combination of song, vocal and music brings with it a sensational prism of many colors and dimensions.  I guess everyone who listens to this album will have a favorite song and mine happens to be &#8220;Perfect&#8221; - as is the CD.Treat yourself &#8230; I know you&#8217;ll love it!!!
I have listened to Julie since her first albums and I think this is her best work. The voice, the phrasing, excellent. So glad she is still recording and excelling at what she does. You will not be disappointed. .
i loved Julie's choice of material.  Her interpretations of these songs shows just why she's been able to maintain a career so filled with success  Opening and closing with &#34;Home,&#34; Julie frames the album with a heartfelt warmth that is carried forth in all the songs that nestle between.  Her voice has a richness and strength that makes one stop and go &#34;Wow - now THAT is what talent is.&#34;Let's hope there are more CD's to come, as Julie Budd is one dynamic performer who sounds as fine on stage as she does on disc.
Fine interpretations of some songs that are not heard often enough.  The orchestrations sounded as if they were written for many pieces.  Miss Budd's intonation made the material come alive.  Her voice was beautiful  Would have liked 3 or 4 more songs.  I highly recommend this CD.
Julie Budd has a voice that is Angelic at times and has the register to bring you to places you only thought you have visited. Julie, I saw u last year in Florida after not following your career.  It was the years until I heard u live and now on your new cd.  You are Angelic with a voice given to u by God. This CD constantly plays every morning. Thank You for sharing your talents. What a great mix of songs.
Listen to this all day long! She has a voice that touches your very soul! Love Julie Budd! If you get to see her in concert you will have a most memorable time.....I know I did!
The 4 GREAT renditions of NEW songs that I never heard before were worth the price of the album.When she is trying to be gutsy and dramatic, her voice goes haywire, but when she did the new songs, she sang them straight and PERFECTLY.  It's time for her to lower her keys and soften her delivery, and that will get rid of the wah-wah-wah-wah sound of middle age.
As a longstanding admirer of Julie Budd's work, I was thrilled to discover this latest addition. Her phenomenal voice has never sounded better and the selection of songs shows off her impeccable taste. The accompanists have done their job superbly as well, making this album a must have for those who appreciate great music.
Julie Budd's new album is fantastic! While some performers mellow as their careers progress, Julie is better than ever, with a perfect combination of what her fans love and what she does best, while adding in elements of the unexpected. Herb Bernstein's arrangements are a huge highlight, making songs that are decades old feel fresh, new, and radio-ready once again. The jazzy take on Love Me Do is my favorite song on the disc. Definitely highly recommend this album! The musical partnership of Julie Budd and Herb Bernstein goes together like sashimi and soy sauce - they clearly bring out the best in each other. Their ability to sustain such lengthy and prolific careers and still be delivering such quality material is truly an inspiration to me. Only complaint is I didn't want it to end! Can't wait for her next album!!
Quite an amazing ride! What makes a legend? The ability to take a listener on a magical musical journey time after time.This album is the one to have for Julie Budd fans and new listeners alike. &#34;They&#34; would all be honored by the treatment and performance Ms. Budd gives every number. The entire album is Stellar!
Julie's voice is as strong as it was forty years ago  She is an incredibly gifted singer who is unmatched today for interpretation of a song.  There are not enough accolades to bestow upon her.  What a beautiful collection of music for everyone to enjoy.  MAGNIFICENT  xoxoox
I have admired Ms. Budd's work for many many years. Her strength as a vocalist, her creativity as a &#34;musical stylist&#34; and her choice of material has been a winning  combination for me. I loved this CD. However, I would suggest to Ms. budd that it may be confusing to the listener as to why there are not more tracks for the price. Yes, I understand the Anthony Newly medley is a major portion of the CD. However, I would have liked one more &#34;big&#34; number to close. In the final analysis it does not detract from anything. It is a compliment to want to hear more. Lastly, I can not think of another American singer who has been around and sang with the great ones like Sinatra, and  who look as young and vibrant as she does!! I wish for Ms. Budd to take this on the road and to teach voice to up and coming artists and for her to connect to major schools and universities. I have sat at her shows when she explains the material and the story behind the material..the story of the composer or lyricist and what was happening in America during that time, Ms. Buss is to me, an American treasure as has been stated in another review. I wish her the best!!
This woman's voice brings back the era of the singers that just plain sing to entertain. I'll buy the next one too!!!!
I was in NYC to see his show, and it was THE BEST SHOW I had ever seen.  I've seen quite a few shows, Broadway or not, and it blew my mind.  Neil Patrick Harris is not the best singer, but he embodied Hedwig.  And Lena Hall, oh my.  She was absolutely amazing.  I just got this CD in mail, and I'm getting chills all over again as I listen.  When they were singing &#34;lift up your hands&#34; in Midnight Radio, everyone had their hands and tears were streaming down my face.  The air was electric, and I felt such pride in who I am.  Nothing but love.
Was lucky enough to get to see the show in person. Neil Patrick Harris gave a blockbuster performance, and a lot of that comes through on the album.
I'm a Hedwig fan from when the movie came out. It is a little hard not to miss John Cameron Mitchell, but Neil fills his platform heels admirably. Lena Hall is wonderful, and this is a great addition for any Hedwig fan!
Some of the mixed and/or negative reviews say they don't like it because, and I'm paraphrasing, &#34;the original is better.&#34;  They compare the new soundtrack with NPH to the original with John Cameron Mitchell. And yes, the original soundtrack is superior, but I'm going to try and be fair and review this product by itself.And, it's actually a really good recording.  Neil as Hedwig blew my expectations out of the water.  He's funny when he wants to be, he's serious when he wants to be,and he's touching when he wants to be.  &#34;The Origin of Love,&#34; &#34;Wig in a Box,&#34; and &#34;Wicked Little Town&#34; are among my favorite tracks on this CDAs many (if not all) of you know, the orchestration to the song &#34;Sugar Daddy&#34; was changed.  In the original production, it was done as sort of a county song.  In this production, it has more of a rock feel to it.  I actually like the new version (it's one of the few things in this soundtrack that I like more than the original).
My son and I saw the show on Sunday and were blown away.  My son bought the CD at the show and we listened to it twice as we  drove back home.  Today, I bought my own copy.  I think it's incredible:  beautiful, energetic, moving -- listening to it makes me feel like I'm at the show again.  I don't understand reviewers who called it karaoke or think that NPH doesn't do as good a job as JCM -- first of all, he was JCM's choice to bring Hedwig to BW.  Second of all, anyone who's heard NPH talk in the past few years knows how passionate he is about opportunities for kids of every stripe.  I feel like he poured passion into his performance -- which must be so exhausting -- he's singing and/or in motion for 90 minutes in some pretty killer heels -- and that passion completely resonates in the soundtrack.  I love the movie, but this is the Broadway show -- two different things, and both completely valid and worthwhile, which is basically the message of Hedwig!
Glorious. I saw the matinee the day of the Tonys.  So fantasic. NPH morphed into Hedwig. As a long time fan of Hedwig and the Angry Inch this revamping of the musical was perfection.
Never thought anyone could put a candle to JCM, but NPH does a spectacular job!
Neil Patrick harris is amazing! I first fell in love with Hedwig on the tony's when he song Sugar daddy live! and I have to say the live version is a faster speed better then the prerecorded one. but I LOVE the soundtrack ! I haven't deleted a single song from the album off my ipod yet! and I love dancing to Sugar daddy! all day long! so glad he won a tony!
Amazing. I can't stop singing along. Must have for all HedHeads out there. I also have the movie sound track and they are just different enough to be worth having both.
Wonderful songs. I have tics for the show in three weeks so I wanted to get familiar with the production. Stephen Trask's music and Neal Patrick Harris' and Lena Hall's performances are a fabulous combination.
A wonderfully arranged, daring score with soaring beauty and earthy grit by turns. Shabby-fabulous, glitter-on-rubble rock numbers paired appealingly with delicate tunes and sung with graceful abandon by a stellar cast. A must-listen!
Just saw the performance last week in NY and it was nothing short of incredible.  This is a bit revamped so if you are used to the original soundtrack with JCM you might be taken back a little bit but it is fantastic.  NPH was the perfect choice and I can see why they put this on hold to wait on him to finish How I Met Your Mother. Five stars all the way!!!
Love this! I saw the show in April & yes, it is different from the original but still fun, moving, and well worth the ticket price.  This cast recording let me re-live a terrific night and even if you don't get to see the show live, if you loved the original show/movie/album buy this, too.  The comparison of the 2 will just open you up to love the music (and the message) even more.
After loving the original cast recording and the movie soundtrack, I had high expectations. I was not disappointed.Especially love that Sugar Daddy is performed as a rock song now instead of country-ish.Time will tell, but this may end up being my favorite Hedwig recording.
I saw the show live during it's previews in April. Neil Patrick Harris, Lena Hall, and company are phenomenal! I haven't had a day go by that the songs haven't been stuck in my head! Wonderful musical, fabulous cast! Highly recommend!
I saw the show and it was the best thing i have ever seen on broadway! Now I can relive the night with this incredible album!!! Highly recommend for Hedwig fans! it was a BIG plus that I received it the day it came out.
NPH is so talented =0)
Saw the show on broadway and absolutely loved it! I am not at all disappointed in the CD they put out.
Let me first to say BRAVO! Bravo to the whole team but particularly to Lena Hall.  She transformed for the role and brought the theater to tears with her brief rendition of &#34;I Will Always Love You&#34;.  The show was AMAZING and you felt the dedication and love NPH put into the character.  One of the best theatrical experiences of my life.  The recording is a fun way to remember it all.  I am praying someone like HBO tapes this show before the curtain falls forever so a wider audience can enjoy.
I was fortunate enough to see Neil Patrick Harris perform the role of Hedwig live on Broadway, and I couldn't wait for the cast album to be released. The singing is just as wonderful as I remember it from the live production. Neil Patrick Harris and Lena Hall sing with such emotion, that you can imagine being in the theater and watching them on stage!
Although NPH doesn't sound like John Cameron Mitchell he pulls the role off nicely. The best part of this album are the arrangements of the songs.
Lena Rockstar Hall and Neil Patrick Harris were Amazing in retelling the transformation of Hedwig and his band, the Angry Inch
Having seen NPH perform Hedwig, the CD was a must! Being the consummate actor, Hedwig was the perfect vehicle to show NPH's various and many talents.  The cast recording helps keep the live performance fresh in my mind.
LOVE THE MOVIE...can't get enough of this crazy rock n roll musical with a twist!!!