No music and nothing of interest revealed in all of the conversations that are not readily available from other sources. Very disappointing.
Contrary to the deceiving photo shown, this is NOT the most successful lineup of Fleetwood Mac with Lindsey and Stevie. I am not a fan of Fleetwood Mac's pre-Stevie/Lindsey lineup, so because I am not a blues fan I can't comment/review the actual music. Others are definitely fans of the previous lineup, so are more qualified to offer the purist's review. I'm not knocking the album at all (hey, I love a few of the songs from this era that made it to the new lineup, albeit redone by Lindsey), but others have dissed the error elsewhere on Amazon (there is more than one listing for this album.) I hope Amazon will fix the picture and provide an appropriate description.
This album holds the title to Elton John's worst album ever.However,it is listenable.Notwithstanding its many flaws,it is not a total zero.
Oh, no. Oh, god no. What is this? Elton John doing synth-pop? Elton John doing disco? That is wrong. What's even more wrong is the fact that "Thunder in the Night" and "Spotlight" are both basically the same songs with the same introductions, while "Street Boogie" lifts from "Spotlight". And it's not like any of them was good in the first place. I mean, this isn't even danceable, for the love of god, and isn't that what disco's supposed to be? Dance music? When it fails on those terms, what's the purpose of listening to it? That's not the only problem though. The melodies are forgettable at best; the lyrics are pure torture (title song, which I think was a pretty big hit and was used in some movie soundtrack, though I may have it confused with another song frmom the era; the other ones I just mentioned). Cookie-cutter arrangements, awful lyrics, bland melodies... um, at least the band's tight, not like they can save this debacle. The only non-disco song is a wretched, atrocious cover of "Johnny B. Goode". Chuck Berry's work has been covered a lot, and some of those covers are horrid, but this makes the Beach Boys' ill-advised "Rock and Roll Music" look like great art. I hope Elton's other late-period albums aren't as insufferable as this one, this being the only one I know. There are so many better EJ LP's out there than this...
I'm a huge fan of Elton John.  He is definitively one of the great artists of all time.  I guess the musical spirit of the 1980's (I know, it was released in '79, but once again, Elton proved to be ahead of his time once again) had a bad effect on many artists.  This was by far his WORST album he ever released.  I guess if you like mindless run-on disco beats with a few minor variations between songs, then you might actually like this album.  But for me, it was rather painful to get through.
Elton flew from London to Munich, recorded the vocals in eight hours, and flew back home.  That was the sum total of his work on this album.  No writing, no playing, no Taupin, nothing.  It shows.  Consider this the ultimate Golden Throat record.  It just happens to have the same artist on all tracks.
Elton John has often complained that this failed 1979 disco experiment was a commercial flop because it wasn't adequately promoted by his record label, but the truth is, it's just plain awful. Opening with a slowed-down, lackluster dancefloor cover of "Johnny B. Goode," it goes rapidly downhill from there. The other tracks, written by the album's producer, present the dico genre at its most pointless and mind-numbing. None of the qualities that made the great Elton albums of the early seventies so memorable are present here. I'm afraid this one is for completists only. For a sample of what Elton's music was like in his glory days, try insteadCaptain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt CowboyorGoodbye Yellow Brick Road.
The music contained on this album is fantastic. Unfortuntely, there is a problem with the mp3 download. The last track "I Can't Do Without You" is seriously messed up. I would buy the cd that has both Clarence Carter albums "Testifyin" and "This Is Clarence Carter" on it.
How can a consumer trust Sony enough to buy their products ever again? I have heard they can actually spy on you when you play this cd and they can log what you are doing! You would think a company that is about to launch the Playstation 3 would know better than to hack into their customers' computers!As far as the cd goes...How am I supposed to know? I can't play it due to the fact that it contains a rootkit! Since I can't play it without putting my computer at risk, I would say it rates a big fat ZERO!
I want to buy a CD, not some over-protected, system-wrecking rubbish.I am an honest music buyer, with the desire to be treated with respect by companies I buy products from.This CD protection is patronising and offensive. Bye Bye Sony.
This CD employs harmful and illegal software to attempt to block users from legally copying tracks to their computers/ipods/etc.  To circumvent this on PCs, hold down shift while inserting the CD, or turn off "AutoPlay" completely.  The software does not work against Mac users, and you can successfully rip these tracks to iTunes.  Sony should be ashamed of themselves for putting malware on their albums.
I wonder if artists were consulted about this prior to Sony adding invasive software to these CDs.  A friend called me on Friday to ask why his new CD was asking him to agree to a license.  He had not yet heard about the debacle.  Long story short, I located a .REG file that turns off AutoRun -- problem solved.  The computer treats the CD as an absolutely normal disk.  HOWEVER, I would strongly recommend avoiding ALL disks that have the CONTENT PROTECTED warning.  Do not support these labels.
I don't care how good the music is, I can't listen to it on my IPod, and it tried to break my computer. I took it back to where I purchased it and got my money back.
I really wanted to buy this CD but considering the risks involved with rootkits and hidden DRM malware, I think I will pass for now. Shame on Sony!
I can't imagine ever buying a Sony product again after this fundamentally stupid breach of trust. People issue warnings about illegal downloads and the risk of picking up something nasty. Well Sony, now you've shown us that even the legal methods can be dangerous.
I like Van Zant, and I am used to play my whole collection of cd's on my computer. It is now a more comofortable way of listening what I like, when I like it.Guess what ?, this crap of cd installed some software that made my pc turn screen -blue !!I know this, I restored my system from zero and the moment I did that thing again, screen-blue !!Do not buy copy protected cds, you will regret
This CD contains DRM software that installs drivers on your computer without your consent. Once this CD's software loads itself, it overwrites critical infrastructure in your machine and overuses your processor monitoring for certain conditions in an infinite loop.
Sony has made a big mistake here... there have been enough comments regarding their mistake after mistake after mistake.  I am curious as to why now, after Sony has apologized for the problem, asked retailers to pull the CDs, that Amazon is still selling them.  I could understand them giving Sony the benefit of the doubt at the beginning, but now even Sony has admitted to the problem.  I guess Amazon hopes to be able to sell off their inventory to people who might not know any better.
I can't believe. After listening to this CD my Windows started to crash whenever I run Windows Media Player. After a lot of research I've found and removed Aries.sys and my system get back again. Sony stated that there's an update for their DRM software/virus/spyware. I'm not going to buy CDs from Sony anymore.
You can get infected from these as well:Trey Anastasio, Shine (Columbia)Celine Dion, On ne Change Pas (Epic)Neil Diamond, 12 Songs (Columbia)Our Lady Peace, Healthy in Paranoid Times (Columbia)Chris Botti, To Love Again (Columbia)Van Zant, Get Right with the Man (Columbia)Switchfoot, Nothing is Sound (Columbia)The Coral, The Invisible Invasion (Columbia)Acceptance, Phantoms (Columbia)Susie Suh, Susie Suh (Epic)Amerie, Touch (Columbia)Life of Agony, Broken Valley (Epic)Horace Silver Quintet, Silver's Blue (Epic Legacy)Gerry Mulligan, Jeru (Columbia Legacy)Dexter Gordon, Manhattan Symphonie (Columbia Legacy)The Bad Plus, Suspicious Activity (Columbia)The Dead 60s, The Dead 60s (Epic)Dion, The Essential Dion (Columbia Legacy)Natasha Bedingfield, Unwritten (Epic)Ricky Martin, Life (Columbia) (labeled as XCP, but, oddly, our disc had no protection)
I think the title says it all. I'm more than happy to pay for a cd, but that should mean I can play anywhere. Without restriction. Without dangerous software.Lets stop this missue of power. Sony owns far too much.. cd players, cd's, dvd's.. who are they to tell you how & where you can play your cd's??If you pay for it, then it's up to you how & where you play it.
Just playing the CD once installs the equivalent of a malicious trojan horse onto your PC.  Can't uninstall without harming your computer.  This is supposed to be for digital rights management.  Please don't reward this by PAYING for this kind of evil behavior.  There is no better tool to fight malicious corporate activity then causing them to lose money.  Too bad for Van Zant, but they hooked up with the wrong company...
This DRM nonsense is totally outrageous.  Apparently the record companies think that their customers are all theives and scoundrels like themselves.  There are still a few of us that actually buy the music but still want to play it on our computers.  However, after this mess, Sony and BMG products won't ever be purchased by me again.Thanks to Amazon for clearly labeling that the disk is infected with DRM software.
In spectacularly hypocritical fashion, Sony has trampled the rights of the consumer in their obdurate quest to end copyright infringement. Here is what Sony didn't want you to know about the software it will install on your computer:1. It hides itself on your computer so that neither you nor your anti-virus software can detect it.2. It reports your CD listening activities (i.e. its Spyware)3. It prevents you from uninstalling it - you must contact Sony and go through their process to uninstall it.4. It may disable your CD drive or crash your computer if you attempt to uninstall it on your own.5. It leaves you vulnerable to new viruses exploiting its file-hiding capabilities.Let us make a statement to Sony/BMG by voice, by the pen, and by the pocketbook!I'll let Twisted Sister conclude...We're not gonna take it!No!, we ain't gonna take it!We're not gonna take it anymoreWe've got the right to choose andthere ain't no way we'll lose itthis is our life, this is our songwe'll fight the powers that be justdon't pick our destiny 'causeyou don't know us, you don't belong!
DO NOT BUY THIS CD.  IT WILL HACK YOUR COMPUTER.  The "copy protection" on this CD works by installing hidden files deep inside your windows system; the way it's hidden has the side effect of hiding other files - including viruses - from your antivirus programs as well.  This stuff will install itself on your PC automatically as soon as you put the CD in, and can't be uninstalled normally without crashing your computer.  Sony has released a "patch" to download that will reveal the hidden files, but the patch also installs *more* files on your PC without telling  you what they all are.If you love Van Zant, contact Sony and demand that they release a safe, undamaged verision of the CD.  Don't buy something that's designed to install harmful software on your computer!(Don't believe me?  Try the BBC: [...]
I feel for the artist is this one but Sony have to get the message, it is one thing messing around with there hard ware and software, but this kind of invasion is not accaptible and should not be allowed. Gives us and open removal tool NOW..... Does anyone else know of any other affected disks
This is the biggest RIP OFF going! Lets load more crap on our HD's? Won't play in a BRAND NEW CD player in my 4Runner! What a joke. Can't tell you about the music because the damn thing wouldn't play! Save your money. Just another way to try and RIP OFF music fans. God forbid someone makes a "COPY" to protect the orginal.....  This is the first and last COPY PROTECTED CD this music lover will buy..............
DO NOT buy this.  It installs a root-kit on your computer and you can not remove it.  It installs software you can not remove  in order for you to listen.Stop buying any thing with DRM.  Sony is especially egregious with its copy protection.  The horrid story is all over at Slashdot.com on what it took for a computer specialist to remove the software.
The vulnerability created by the copy protection on this cd allows "stealthy" programs to hide from antivirus, administrators etc.  What are you going to tell your boss when a trojan/virus outbreak is traced to your office pc?  "Gee boss, all I did was listen to a SonyBMG cd!"  Good luck.
I think what we're learning from all these reviews is that penalizing paying customers is not the way to go.  In doing so, Sony is encouraging piracy, hurting consumers, and hurting their artists.  Even if you don't like Van Zant, you must agree that they deserve better than this; they deserve to have their music distributed in a way that doesn't reflect badly upon them.  The music should speak for itself, and all this uproar over DRM is denying Van Zant the opportunity to be heard.  So it doesn't just hurt us... it hurts the artists, too.  It hurts everybody but the big-wigs at Sony, and with all this publicity lately it will start hurting them, too.On the up-side, if Sony continues down this road they should be out of business in a year or two.
The Sony software on this CD will leave your PC or Mac (yes the Mac DRM is out now) open to hackers and virueses.  Do not buy this or any other Sony product until they stop this and learn some respect for their customers.
I downloaded this entire album but on playback there is so much static you cant here the music. As a matter of fact I think I bou it twice but there is no way i can listen to it like this and would lik a refund. It is still on my phone and my tablet. I want a refund. The second mp3download was accidental. Thanks e-mail me. I really like this artist but if i cant listen to it's no good to me. It needs to be taken off.
This CD contains a virus that can destroy your computer if you attempt to play it in the CD/DVD drive of your computer. It's a DRM Rootkit/malware that can allow an attacker to compromise your PC. The software this CD installs cannot be removed and hides itself. If you attempt to remove it yourself it will render your CD/DVD drive inoperable, requring a wipe and re-install.
Sony can afford to spend money on R&D; and market research to find ways to sell their music taking into account their own interests as well as those who want to spend their honest dollar on actually buying music rather than ripping it or downloading it.Yet they choose to ignore the honest buyer and treat their customers like criminals.If they don't want to spend money on R&D; and market research, I believe we should boycott them until they come up with a better solution and prominently post it on the front page of their website for the public to judge.Let's face it music copying is not a new issue - they have had many years to get an industry think tank together of people with innovative and creative minds to find new ways of selling music that are better than current ways for the industry and the consumer alike. Yet it appears this industry is still dominated by old, bald, cigar-chomping characters whose creativity in terms of innovation and understanding of their market is equivalent to the amount of remaining hair on their heads.Artists should also review their contracts - why work with a record company that appears to be uniquely focused on serving its own interests and ignore everyone else's to the detriment of your relationship with the buyer of your music?A lot of record companies have been reluctant to make their music available on legit download sites like iTunes. The result is more copying because why buy a whole CD if you only want a song, and why wait till you have time to go buy a physical CD or order it and wait for it, whilst you want to listen to the music now? The industry just don't get it. Until they do, they will continue to lose money because people are fed up with their outdated, uncreative and 20-years-behind-the-game policies.
The DRM that Sony put on this disk is going to cause a pretty good size ruckus.  Many folks consider the software that this disk installs to be a "rootkit" which is a type of software used by hackers.  I believe that Microsoft will find this to be a rather dangerous security hole and will have no alternative but to patch Windows so that this type of Sony DRM cannot be installed.  If Windows does not allow this Sony DRM software to be installed, this disk will not play.  Either Microsoft has to allow a now rather well known security hole to exist in it's product, or Microft has to patch MS Windows so that disks that use this type of Sony DRM will not play on computers running patched MS Windows.  This is going to be great entertainment.
I was so looking forward to this VanZant album. As a big alt.country music fan and DJ at a local radio station (WCOM in Carrboro NC) I was very much interested in hearing what these guys were going to do.But I use iTunes to prepare my play sets for each show. So it's important that I be able to import CDs into iTunes. I did not know until after I'd paid for this CD with my very own money that Sony, in its infinite wisdom, has specifically designed the CD to not work with iTunes.So I threw the CD in the trash and will never again buy a Sony CD unless I've got good assurance from online sources that the CD can be imported into iTunes.Alas, I am unable to comment on the music itself. Sorry guys! Go find another label.
The malware rootkit included on this CD will make your CD and DVD drives unusable if loaded on XP 64, Windows Vista, and XP Media Cenetr Edition PCs.
The appalling malware that Sony has included on this CD is even worse than you may have heard.  This is exacerbated by the outrageous misinformation that Sony is promulgating in an attempt to downplay the severity of the problem.  Quoting the disingenuous FAQ on their Web site:"6. I have heard that the protection software is really malware/spyware. Could this be true?  [Answer:] Of course not. The protection software simply acts to prevent unlimited copying ...."Sony's statement is provably false.  The malware on this CD deliberately and BY DESIGN inserts a security hole into the Windows file system.  Files whose names start with "$sys$" become invisible even to anti-virus software.  Certain online game players are already exploiting this security breach to defeat anti-cheating protocols.Again, this is not a bug.  This is the way this sleazy software was designed to work!  Malware, thy name is Sony.I wrote my Ph.D. thesis on file systems and am sickened by Sony's behavior in more ways than I can count.
Don't touch this music until Sony remove the badly written copy protection which installs illegal software on your PC and then tries to hide it.
Congratulations and thanks to Amazon for clearly indicating that copy protection is used on this CD. Don't every play this CD on your computer! As discussed elsewhere, this CD will install dangerous software on your computer that is very, very difficult to remove. This software will reduce the performance of your computer even when you are not playing this CD.If you are a Van Zant fan, I suggest obtaining these songs via electronic distribution (i.e., Rhapsody or iTunes).The lesson I learned here is check with Amazon first before buying a CD!
This CD will install a rootkit on your system.  SAY NO to this.
When you try to play the CD on a Windows PC, it installs a piece of rootkit-like malware deep down in your system. It hides itself from every software (including anti-virus software), cannot be uninstalled and poses serious security threats. I hope Sony BMG never does this again!
I have no problem with Van Zant's music, but I believe it is important to review a music CD as a whole, taking into account not only the music but also such matters as sound quality and usability.  So, I rate this 1-star to reflect the actual value a consumer would get from buying this product -- which is very low due to the invasive "Digital Rights Management" software the CD requires you to install when you play it on your Windows computer and the other limitations imposed by the poorly-thought-out copy protection scheme.Here are some facts:- The software uses "rootkit" or "cloaking" techniques to make its presence undetectable even to antivirus programs.  Only very specialized tools can detect it.  Such techniques are typically used by hackers to control a machine without the owner's knowledge.- The software replaces your computer's CD-ROM device drivers with its own.- The software uses techniques that experts say are poor programming practice and can interfere with the stability of your computer.- The software uses up a fraction of your computer's speed (for example 1%) all of the time, even when you are not playing a CD, by scanning all running programs every two seconds.- The software cannot be safely uninstalled from your computer except by experts with advanced technical skills.- The software communicates with Sony's computers every time you play the CD.  It tells Sony which CD you are playing and identifies you by your computer's IP (internet protocol) address. (It is not known whether Sony keeps or uses this information.)- The license agreement for the software does not mention any of the above facts, and also implies (falsely) that the software can be removed.- The software prevents you from copying the music on the CD to your iPod.  It lets you make mp3s but only low-quality ones.- After these facts were publicized, Sony has downplayed and also lied about the nature and extent of these problems.  Sony has not apologized or admitted wrongdoing in any way.- After these facts were publicized, Sony released an update for the software.  After installing the update, the software no longer "cloaks" itself, but the other problems are still present.  It is still impossible (except for experts) to remove the software.  What's more, the update adds more files to your computer and still doesn't tell you what any of this stuff is doing.
While the music might be ok, everybody has to knowthat this cd is infected with what is effectivelya trojan program that could damage your computer.It is outrageous that Sony would try to get awaywith what looks like criminal activity. I'm afraidit doesn't reflect too well on van Zant either, whoseems a lot more interested in money than in doingthe right thing.
I'm a big Skynyrd fan, and also a big fan of REAL country music. So I had high expectations for this album when it came out, even tho I never liked .38 Special. What a joke! I wasn't expecting Skynyrd because I knew this was supposed to be a country album. But this album has more to do with Big & Rich or Toby Keith than real country. The words are trite, even by modern country standards. Even worse, the performances are totally uninspired. But hey, I guarantee country radio will love this slop. Whatever sells, right fellas? Lame lame lame.
I can not load this music onto my iPod without installing dangerous software on my computer. Thank you to Amazon for the prominent warning. The DRM destroys a nice collection of music.
I can't beleive that SonyBMG would resort to using blackhat hacker techniques to protect their music.  In general, once a rootkit is installed, there is no good way to know what it has done.  I will never buy music that uses such tactics.
This form of copy protection is an abomination. Do Not Buy This CD!
Not only is the music in this CD pretty bland, but the Sony corporation is showing utter disregard for the consumers safety and peace of mind. Sony corporation is always selling mediocre products, so much so that they have even been successfully sued for it several times. Sony must know that we will not stand for their manipulation, that our money is hard earned, and they will not cheat us any longer. I urge all to take action against aggressive and heartless actions taken by interest groups and corporations alike, serving only for their own interest no matter the cost--in money or in well being--to you, such as the ridiculous measures taken in this CD only to preserve Sony's failing company.
If this is how record labels care about their customers, who says that the next generation of copy protection will not do worse on your computer?SAY NO TO CRIPPLED CD'SThank you Sony for showing the masses what copy protection can do to your equipment.PEOPLE DON'T FORGET THIS INCIDENT! It is trespassing your privacy!
Not only does this cd contain copy protection, it installs a dangerous rootkit on your computer.  For those that are unfamiliar with the concept of a rootkit, please see the following link:[...]If you value your computer, do not, under any circumstances, purchase this cd.
As discussed in various sites and other reviews, this CD has been booby-trapped by Sony to install dangerous malware on your computer (look up "Root kit" at en.wikipedia.org), designed to be hard to detect and even harder to remove without damaging your ability to play CDs (even unprotected ones). The only official way to uninstall the software is to ask Sony nicely.  Since when should anybody ask the makers of a virus, trojan-horse, or other malicious program nicely to uninstall it?  Fortunately, there are a number of lawsuits in the works worldwide against the organized criminal enterprise known as Sony; hopefully they'll be put out of business and their executives sent to prison like Martha Stewart.
To summarize: the DRM that is installed with this CD has the following properties:-it hides all files starting with $sys$, even from antivirus programs.  This can inadvertently allow viruses and other malicious programs to reside in your system undetected.-it use up system resources even if you are not doing anything related to CD playing (on the order of 1-2% CPU cycles).-the DRM is impossible to remove by anyone not intricately skilled with rootkit windows programming.  The only way to remove the program for the average user is to contact SONY.For technical details see: [...]
I accept that steps need to be taken to protect an artist's copyright.However I have a basic requirement that as the customer who pays for the product I need to be confident that I can play the item on whatever hardware I choose to use at any time during the following 25+ years.As I spend considerable time and money protecting my computer systems with a software firewall, hardware NAT router, spyware sweepers, 3rd party cookie blockers I would not allow the installation of this player which 'breaks all the rules' regarding safe computing.This CD is not fit for public sale
If this screws your computer aren't bot Sony AND Amazon liable? The authorities are putting spyware makers in Jail. Isn't Mr. Bezos an accessory to malicious spyware installation if he continues to sell these disks? I'd say monetary lawsuits against Sony and Amazon are next.If there isn't a class action lawsuit now there should be one soon.If I were Amazon I'd stop selling this immediately.Installing malicious software on you computer without your knowledge is a crime.
I am very unhappy, since I now listen to all of my music using my IPod.  This disk can not be transfered to an IPod.
It will be a LONG time before I buy another Sony product, based on this shameful subterfuge.  I resent the automatic assumption that everyone is ripping off pirate copies of music and TOTALLY abhor the intrusion of putting hidden software on MY system.  This is a violation of my rights and an abuse of Sony's position.  THEY SHOULD BE MADE TO ISSUE A PUBLIC APOLOGY - and Amazon should dissasociate itself from any such uhderhanded tactics in the future, or risk damaging its own credibilty.  I spend money on anti-virus software and spyware detection to stop this sort of thing by twisted individuals - why should we have to put up with it from a corporation?  Booooooo!
Once again the honest purchaser is treated like a criminal, only now Sony have made it worse. Read the other reviews, and read this quote from [...] :------8&lt;------So, rather than come clean, Sony minimises the problem, blames the user, and refuses to help you out. If you have CDs infected with this rootkit and DRM, Sony has to replace them. They are, flat out, a danger to computing. Don't believe me? Look at that Washington Post article again. The head of F-Secure says that the Sony malware, when running on Windows Vista "breaks the operating system spectacularly". Nope, that can't be right, just ask Sony, because it said so in the FAQ. It won't fix the problem, they won't let you work around it legally and still listen to the music you paid for, and won't help you.------8&lt;------Hopefully the backlash from all this will stop Sony et al from releasing crippled not-really-CDs that now cripple (and make vulnerable) your PC. I for one will never again buy a copy-protected CD.
Done! Over with them, Anyone that would rootkit my computer should be prosecuted for destruction of private property.Anyone that wants to rip this can do it form a Linux machine. How stupid is SONY anyway.Poor Van Zant, this must be a breach of contract with the artist, like the morals clause!
Got linked to Mark Russinovich's blog about his detection of Sony'srootkit via a leading german newspaper yesterday.I read that blog for hours,rubbing my eyes-Sony puts a sloppily constructed virus-transporter on its cds,as a DRM-device.Once you have that stuff on your machine,there is no way to get rid of it,without risk to your system.All Sony does,at request,is to send you a program that opens the cloak. The garbage remains.I always buy cds, I don't download music,but I shall be warned of Sony products.
Sony has gone into virus writing.DON'T USE IN ANY PC UNTIL ANTIVIRUS HAS BEEN UPDATED TO DETECT THIS VIRUS
Nice tunes, but since the CD installed copy protection software on my computer, it gets one star. It sucks that the label has essentially punished the artist because of this.
I've officially rated "Help Somebody" as the worst song in Country Music today. It literally takes every cliche and molds it into this "I'm a backwoods, small town, American and I love to spend time working with my hands and fearing God" song. The melody of the song is complete and utter formula for today's country, which is making today's country absolutely stink today. The lyrics are complete trash. You could write better lyrics.Do the country music world a favor and don't buy this junk. Honestly, these are musicians working off of two formulas: One for the construction of the melody throughout the song, which is a direct copycat of the style of every hit song in country today, and Two for the cheesy, obvious lyrics.The Flintstones had an episode that centered around Fred trying to write a big hit song. He came up with stats that showed how many people loved songs about babies, songs about love, songs about their mother, etc. So he decided to make the best song in the world, and make sure he captures every cliche in the book. And of course, it was a bomb.Country music is making money off that principle. Mention God, American soldiers, your small town with your name scribbled on the water tower, and/or children, and guess what? You've got a hit song in country music. Don't forget to make the title of the song the last line in the chorus and throw in a verse that only has a single instrument backing with a power crescendo into the final chorus, and Gosh darn it, You've got yerself a hit right darn thar! Yup!Reba, Martina, and other credible country stars have all fallen into this trap of junk, and here's the latest. That people enjoy this junk shows that the country music industry just has to change a few words to the same song, and you guys will eat it up. No imagination. All formula. It's a sad commentary on a once-great industry. Goodbye innovation. Mmm. Smell that stockyard.
SONY ROOTKITS your computer. This is damaging and invasive. This is highly illegal and must be stopped! If you as a consumer do not stand up for your rights now then you may not have any rights left to stand up for tomorrow!This Rootkit exposes a hole in Your computer that hackers can use to compromise your financial information, and your personal information. You could become a victim of identity theft because of this! AGAIN, If you as a consumer do not stand up for your rights now then you may not have any rights left to stand up for tomorrow!Van Zant is great and should not be punished for sonys actions!
After reading these reviews I decided it was probably safer to download it using Emule, Nice one Sony BMG!
I myself only purchased in my life 2 so called copy protected CDs (I'm ashamed). I think that companies just spend too much money on this technologies where the result is always the same: SOMEONE BREAKS THE CODE. The same with DVDs, Macrovision, et all. By the way, some of these technologies even deteriorate the quality of the product. Try less money spent stupidly, lower prices and I'm sure everybody prefer an original!Protect the intellectual rights?!?! How much money from a CD that costs $15 goes to the artist??? And for the label??? and the distribution company??? I'm sure who receives the smaller part... The one that is suposely protected by these technologies!
Buy this cd if you want your Windows PC infected with a Sony Rootkit (tm)
I want to add myself to the chorus of people bashing Sony for adding this rootkit/spyware to this CD. To those who say that this issue should be separate from Van Zant music I would say that Van Zant should know how Sony is going to distribute their music and they should not have allowed this. It is going to hurt their pockets, but I guess they had a choice to refuse selling their CD with this BAD, BAD, BAD copy protection scheme.I don't condone music piracy, but this kind of copy protection schemes end up hurting the honest customer and do very little to prevent music piracy. I am sure "professional" music pirates are laughing loud about this copy protection. However, the poor unsuspected customer with little computer knowledge is going to be hurt pretty bad when the onslaught of viruses and worms come knocking at their PC doors thanks to Sony.I hope that the lawsuit that has been filed against Sony is won for the customers, because I am afraid that quite a few are going to be stung pretty badly by this insidious technology. I'm just worried about how many hours and dollars are going to be spent by computer users either getting rid of this Sony spyware or cleaning up the mess caused by the viruses and worms exploiting this open backdoor, which I guess it could go all the way up to identity theft.At least now this is all over the news and Sony seems to be willing to "temporarily" stop using this technology, and not accepting any "wrongdoing", and the rest of we are not assuming any responsibility rhetoric. I'm sure that if the response is not strong enough they will try the same thing soon. It's laughable how they even try to defend in their website that this technology is not spyware, all the way trying to hide this as much as possible and making it almost impossible to remove.
After reading all the other reviews and thinking about this, You won't get me to buy this CD or any other CD that has to install ANY code, or has to connect to the net to play the CD.I know computers and can tell you this kinda thing right here is heading down a path I won't walk with no record company or artist!Sorry but you can keep ya code and I'm keeping my system safe!Best Wishes,Chris
Do not buy this CD or any CD from Sony BMG. Sony's copy protection scheme will damage your computer system. It is very, very, very hard to fix your computer once Sony has damaged it with what is know as a rootkit. Google "Sony rootkit" for more information about the horrible problem Sony has created.
You cannot remove the software that this CD installs on your computer! You cannot transfer the music you just paid for onto your iPod! Why? Because Sony/BMG wants to.If you buy this and don't want hidden software installed on your computer, you must disable CD "autorun" on your Windows computer.In spite of what Sony says, you can NOT remove this software.Do you really want to do business with these people?!
It just gets more unbelievable. If you were unlucky enough to inadvertently install Sony's XCP protection system in the first place, now it appears that the method they've provided to remove the infection for your PC, opens your computer up to even more problems.See following for more info.[...][...]
Can't believe the extremes Sony went to.Too bad this had to happen to Van Zant, they're good guys.  If I were them I'd be asking for compensation for lost sales.Gary
Be aware, that if you use a computer with a Windows operating system, this CD installs a computer virus (distributed by Sony) that cannot be removed. When you try to remove it, it causes your operating system permanent damage that can be fixed only by reinstalling your system.In my opinion, avoid all Sony CDs in the future and don't buy from companies who work with Sony.
Sony should stop playing with rootkits and other Black techniques while they have not yet caused major grief to the customers!!!!!!!!!!!!
The name of the Sony Corporation used to be gold. But I will never again buy any Sony product. I will not recommend their products, or patronize any of their entertainment businesses (including movies or TV) in any way because of this, and other bad experiences I have had with other poor-quality Sony products recently. I am glad I don't own shares in this company.I feel really sorry for the artists such as Van Zant, and the other artists who have been hurt by this. It is not the artists' fault. The artists could sue Sony to recover the revenues from lost sales because of this.Unfortunately, there is still a potential legal threat against Mark Russinovich, the security expert who revealed what the Sony rootkit virus was doing on your computer. The DMCA law in the United States makes it technically illegal to disable "copy protection" or to reveal any information or details on how to do so. Without Mark blowing the whistle, none of us may have known what Sony was doing to our computers. So if you live in the U.S., please write to your congressman/senator and ask them to repeal the DMCA. This unconstitutional law violates the First Amendment and hurts consumers and ordinary citizens.
After this CD installs the Sony rootkit, all any third-rate hacker has to do is add $sys$ to the name of any spyware or malware to hide it from antivirus programs.  Any halfway competent hacker can install a keylogger to send him/her your bank and credit card info, while your antivirus programs can't see a thing.  It's like a bank that installs an unlocked door in the back of the safe.  Also, it may be responsible for the demise of Sony's main competitor for Massively Multiplayer RPGs, because it stops World of Warcraft from detecting cheaters.  In fact, I have noticed that some WoW players have started pirating copies of the Sony rootkit so they can cheat without having to pay for this CD.  Anybody else going to miss WoW?  If you've installed the Sony rootkit already, Sony's patch doesn't remove it, it just makes the invisible portions visible.  Your only hope is to back up your data and do a complete reformat.  If you've listened to it on the company computer, my best advice is to go ahead and start looking for a new job now before they track it back to your cubicle.
copy protected? - I spent an hour and half trying to hear it, they require you to load their audio player (against my company policy).  It allowed me to copy the music to my PC's hard drive (against my company's policy again).  I still can't get to play anything.  I eventually deleted everything.  I spend 8 to 10 hours a day attached to a computer, I usually have music in the CD; so I only want to listen.  I do not want anything loaded to my PC.
I'm outraged by this spyware.  It looks like it's now safer to download pirated copies than to buy cd's!!!
Avoid purchasing this CD at all costs. You're better off picking it up on iTunes to avoid the horribly misguided and terribly implemented copy protection that Sony has used. It opens the doors for SO many problems on your PC, and Sony can't be allowed to sweep this under the rug.
You know, that's how the industry treats its european customers since 2001! The big companies have flooded the market with copy protected garbage CD's that don't comply with the Red Book standard and unfortunately, people were dumb enough to accept that.As a result, lots of CD's won't play in a car audio system (since most of the cd/dvd drives used in these systems are the same you'll find in standard computers), lots of these CD's can't be read by older standalone players (since their error correction goes nuts and can't handle the massive amounts of errors a protected disc has), you couldn't convert the music files to play them on your MP3 player and so on and so on and so on.......all of this was bad enough but this new method takes the copy protection madness to a whole new level. You'd never pay anyone to install malware on your computer system, would you? But that's exactly what happens when you buy this CD. You shouldn't do this.Save your computer, vote with your wallet. DON'T BUY THIS CD! (sorry for the artists but they've got to sort it out with the labels)
Look at how Sony treats its legit cosumers. Boycott all sony products! Including the PS3. I used be a Play station fan. f*** that! It might ship with spyware.
I think it's fun to watch the Amazon Sales Rank plummet for this album (look under Product Details).  :)  Amazon uses an exponential decay algorithm, so that it will take about a week for the album's previous inertia to bleed off, but it's already starting.  I clock it right now as increasing its distance from the top at a rate of about 10% per hour -- possibly a new record!  ;-)
Damn these copy protections, i could not get this cd to work in ANY of my 3 cd players, + my computer's CD-ROM drive was rendered inoperable by this CD !I had to take my computer to repairs which cost me 60 $ to get my cd-rom drive working again :( thanks a lot sony...WARNING ! DO NOT BUY THIS CD UNLESS YOU WANT TO BREAK YOUR CD ROM  AND PAY FOR REAPAIRS !
"The Man" - Sony, should "Get Right" with the consumers and stop selling crippled CDs that literally trash consumer PCs and cannot be loaded legitimately onto Ipods.  Why can't they put BOTH .WMA and .ACC DRM encoded tracks on their CDs?  This battle is no longer about protecting the music from piracy.  Don't get me wrong, Apple is just as much to blame for locking .WMA out of the iPod as Sony is to blame for locking out .ACC and iTunes.Until the corporate giants stop their hissy-fit and agree on one Digital Rights Management strategy that is compatible with today's consumer devices and respects consumers fair-rights, ultimately it is the consumer who is going to suffer with the short end of the stick.Consumers don't care if tracks they aquire have DRM in them or not, as long as it remains 100% compatible with their portable devices and 100% transparent.Speak with your money!  Get the corporates attention!  Do not buy DRM Crippled CDs until your rights are restored!  CD sales are not down due to Piracy!  CD Sales are down due to consumers wiseing up to the facts and refusing to pay for CDs that are crippled with Mal/Spy Ware that destroy their computers.
The copy protection on this CD causes problems on your PC. Also, you can only rip to MP3 at 128kb, which gives noticably poor playback quality, especially on a hi-fi via a digital jukebox. Don't bother, it's more hassle than it's worth
This is why I don't listen to garbage corporate music like this in the first place.
Don't let anyone fool ya. This is the same crap passing for "outlaw country" on the radio these days. Occasional decent melodies, but mainly a mess. Lyrics? Dumb, dumber and dumbest. Mainly tired cliches about grandpa, living in the backwoods, southern pride and relgion. Smells like a desperate attempt to make the radio. Which it should do, because does it ever stink!!!
Note that rating should be zero stars.Please see:[...]This recording includes a digital rights management (DRM) system which can not only open your computer to malware, and which may be illegal, but which may also violate Sony's own end user licence agreement (EULA). This is fully addressed at the [...] web site. Below are some comments from that site on the issue. Personally, I would not purchase any disc using such stealth DRM; that is, nearly all recent Sony BMG releases. Note that Amazon clearly identifies most discs using DRM and/or copy protection.Comments:"Btw, I checked with a sniffer (which monitors outgoing internet traffic from a PC). The DRM system connects to connected.sonymusic.com and [...] and tells them an id number, apparently identifying the album. So, sony knows your ip address and what you listen to.""This is scary! Who gave SONY permission to log what a person listens to?Does this go out even through Software firewalls like Zonealarm et al?""After a clean OS install, this computer runs Word, Photoshop, Firefox, ... without much problem. But once (this) Sony (software) chews up ... CPU (cycles), the system becomes unusable. It is absolutely infuriating that this arrogance of Sony and Symantec degrades overall window drawing & switching performance while I'm trying to get work done.""So, I called Sony's tech support at 800-222-7669 and eventually the ... rep told me told me to call Sony BMG at 212-833-8000. The operator at Sony BMG in turn directed me to call the Sony tech support number. Talk about a run around."So, I did a 'whois' on Sony BMG's website, and called the technical contact at 212-833-7305. This resulted in me being transferred to an individual who indentified himself only as Sony's internal techincal support. He was very rude, said that he wasn't even supposed to be talking to me, and ultimately directed me to Mark's post and told to download RKR to remove the DRM rootkit. I attempted to explain to him that this program only works on NT and was no help to me since I'm running Win 98. He said that he couldn't do anything else. When I said that I wanted to speak to his manager, he told me that management was unavailiable, and when I said that I didn't appreciate this unauthorized and apparently illegal modification of my system, he said, "So sue us."There is much talk on the web of a class-action lawsuit against Sony over this. A number of computers appear to have been seriously impared.
...you picked a crappy record label. Boycott Sony! DO NOT BUY THIS CD. DOWNLOAD IT OFF OF LIMEWIRE OR ANY OTHER FILE SHARING NETWORK!
I am sorry I didn't read the other reviews on this site before I placed this cd in my computer's disk drive.  It immediately froze my pc and after a hard boot I have been unable to sign back on again (I am writing this from a friend's pc).Don't let this happen to you!  Contact Sony and complain!Jim
It's pretty telling that all the reviews here are about the Sony DRM and not about "Get Right with the Man".  Van Zant should seriously consider suing Sony/BMG for conduct detrimental to the sale of their music.  They say there is no such thing as bad publicity... but I have to disagree here.I'm adding my voice to the chorus...BOYCOTT SONY/BMG and their deceptive DRM practices.  There is nothing wrong with protecting your copyrights, but when you start sneaking backdoor rootkit exploits onto people's computers without their knowledge, then try to hide behind a vague EULA and the argument that "people don't know about rootkits, so why would they care..." you deserve nothing short of class-action lawsuits and mass boycotts.DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM SONY/BMG, THEIR PARENT COMPANIES, OR THEIR AFFILIATES!
As recently seen in the press, without your knowledge or permission this Sony CD installs a difficult-to-remove rootkit (something like a virus) on your computer, presumably to cloak Sony's DRM software it installs on your PC.This rootkit also negatively affects the stability and security of your Windows operating system. Unfortunately, most anti-virus software will not detect and clean this rootkit, and Sony's own removal tool installs additional DRM software of its own. You just can't win.See Mark Russinovich's site, [...] for more details.Van Zant is a good group, but by not purchasing this CD, we consumers can send a powerful message to Sony et al that we will accept this type of behavior no longer.
The copy protection used by Sony on this album makes permanent modifications to Windows itself. While Sony is not intentionally opening up your computer to a malicious hacker, it has been shown that the software installed is not secure and could be used to gain access to your machine. No matter how much I like any artist or genre, exposing my computer to a risk such as this is simply not acceptable.The technical details of what this software does can be read on the SysInternals website. Search for `Sony' and `Rootkits'.
CNN today reported the discovery of the first virus that uses Sony's DRM rootkit on this CD to hid itself, the Stinx-E trojan virus. It's nearly impossible for older virus scanners to find and remove this new virus from your PC, since it's cloaked by Sony's rootkit technology. Expect a flood of these viruses to follow, thanks to Sony.Read more about it here at the CNN website:[...]When you buy this CD, make sure you also buy a copy of the latest anti-virus software, and send the bill to Sony.
I put this CD in, and two days later, my computer stopped working.  I did not install any other software in the meantime.  I want Sony to pay to fix my computar machine!!!111one
How ironic is this? In an attempt to curb piracy, Sony cripples the computers of legitimate users, demonstrates it's lack of respect and trust for it's clients, and makes itself look like the unthinking corporate machine that it is.The only winners here? Music pirates who were Sonys original targets. They never bought the CD, and never had a problem.:rolleyes:
If you think that people are exaggerating how dangerous this CD is to the security of your PC, read the article on how the Trojan horse was discovered ([...]) or the PC World article "Is Sony Trying to Kill the CD Format for Music?" at [...] .  The best way to get right with the man is to avoid this CD like the plague.
I agree with the guy who was going to get a PS3...I was also looking forward to that.  I refuse to buy anything that I don't need made by microsoft, though, so I'll have to stick with my PS2.Some support for anyone who has purchsed this CD but is afraid to put it in their computer:  Go to slysoft(dot)com and download the trial version of AnyDVD (it's full-featured, but you can only use it for a limited time).  Let AnyDVD run in the background (you'll know it's running because you'll see a little fox head in the system tray) and rip all the songs off using whatever (Windows Media Player works...I use CDex).  Using AnyDVD basically strips all the copy protection, so it basically makes the CD think it's in a regular, portable CD player.  Hope this helps.
If you use this cd on your computer, Sony will automatically install a rootkit on your computer without telling you. Your system then becomes vulnerable to whatever security holes the rootkit introduced.There is no way to delete the rootkit right now except to wipe the hard drive and reinstall the operating system.
Sony has gone overboard installing a rootkit to users machines.Viruses have already appeared that are masked from virus protection programs by listening to this CD (installs rootkit that hides virus). In addition, other viruses can infect the macine after listening to the CD.SEND SONY A MESSAGE BY NOT BUYING THEIR CDs UNTIL THEY ACKNOWLEDGE THE PROBLEM AND ISSUE AN APOLOGY
I fight crap-ware all day long.  This stuff is usually from suspect sources.  But when I purchase a product I expect it not to ruin my player regardless of what that player is.  I will not purchase this product or any other by Sony until this invasive copy protection crap is removed!  No offense brothers to you brothers.  But you may want to ask your studio why they are dragging your reputations through the mud by using Sony's new crap-ware software!
This (and other Sony CD's) installs some sort of spyware on your PC. Avoid anything from Sony.
Copy protection is bad enough but Sony's use of rootkit style hidden files to install a stupid DRM scheme is probably illegal in many states because it is like spyware adware that install in hidden directory and will not let you uninstall. You have to search on Google to find a fix. Avoid this CD and All Sony CD's with copy protection until they stop using this dangerous form of DRM. If hacker finds this install they can hide malicious files along side the SONY DRM files and you would not be able to see or delete the files. I hope a lawyer sues them for not disclosing this invasive scheme in the EULA. SONY is releasing a patch to the DRM software because of complaints but why did they do this in the first place ?
Im glad Amazon did the right thing by making me cautious about this new Sony scam. If they really wanted to stop piracy, why do they help make CDRW and DVDr drives? Seems they want things both ways, avoid this CD. Use at your own risk, anything that installs software onto computer without your knowledge is illegal. You dont even have a chance to say NO to anything, it just does. Thats illegal!
I am a heavy purchaser of music -- probably on the order of 20 CDs per month. Unless Sony makes MAJOR corrections to this incredibly irresponsible abuse of its customers' rights, NONE of the CDs I buy for the rest of my life will be from Sony or any of their sub-labels.If I ever want music from a Sony artist, I will get it from Soulseek. If I see the artist live, I will try to get money for the music into their hands.But I will NEVER buy a Sony CD again.
As of early november 2005 some users have started a boicott against Sony, with good reason. The cause of this is the copy protection found on this album. It installs a program (the copy protection) that is not just potentially harmful, but is more or less likely to be exploited by 3rd party software writes (hackers, advert companies etc) to gain access to rescources on your computer. While it does not do so today, THE SOFTWARE SUPPLIED ON THIS CD CAN BE USED TO MONITOR YOU COMPUTER. Any removal attempts so far has resulted in an potentially unstable system. Sony has so far tried to dismiss this as unimportant, mocking customers, and ignoring our rights.It is recommended to not buy this product (it is actually not a CD, it does not conform to the specifications for a CD), at least not until the ongoing matter is resolved.
Shame on Sony for distributing a CD that breaks people's computers. Shame on the president of SONY BMG for stating:"Most people, I think, don't even know what a rootkit is, so why should they care about it?"When you disguise such a product within the music, how on earth are people supposed to care about it? They don't even know about it. Now people know about this. It's out, there are now Viruses using this tecbnique.So I would like to ask Amazon: how can you legitimately continue to sell and distribute CDs from Sony that knowingly break people's computers, expose users to unnecessary risks, and ultimately, will ruin the good reputations of good companies who choose to treat their customers as idiots.So, Amazon, what are YOU going to do?I call on Amazon to1. stop selling CDs with damaging content/malware/and other dangerous items ... Given that these CDs compromise people's security... surely that puts at risk YOUR OWN customers.2. Represent your customers' continued and vociferous complaints to SONY BMG by refusing to distribute such CDs.3. Recall CDs from people who have purchased these as they are CLEARLY and OBVIOUSLY defective.Failure to do these actions, will impair your own reputation, damage your customers' trust and reduce your profitability. Don't let your company reputation be impugned by such 'incredulously' short sighted, arrogant and degrading attitudes of your suppliers.If you have read this, please give it a FIVE star rating, so that everybody can read it! Let Amazon know they are complicit in this, too.Computer Associates, maker of security software, has announced their anti-spyware program PestPatrol will detect and remove Sony's rootkit-enabled DRM software. Samuel Curry, Vice President, Product Management of Computer Associates, confirmed that four pests from Sony have been added to PestPatrol's new definitions slated to be released this week. Technical details and reasons for the software's inclusion in the pest database can be found on the eTrust Spyware Encyclopedia website.
After hearing a couple song I was looking forward to getting the entire CD. I loaded the CD and it starts installing software. I am not going to install yet another player (I already have Media Player, Real Player and Nomads player for my portable MP3 player). Well, without the Sony player you cannot listen. On top of that the CD will not play in my car b/c that player does not support duel session formats or something like that.And all this after willingly paying 17.99 for the CD. I took it back and got my money back. Sorry guys, one unhappy fan here.
I haven't read all of the reviews, so I don't know if this has already been posted.  In case it hasn't, please note the following information from Sony Music's website:"If you believe a Sony Music product has a manufacturing defect, please call our Quality Management Department at 800-255-7514 (609-722-8224 in New Jersey)."Reference: [...]
It's a shame that talented artists like Van Zant have to take the brunt of this, but DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. If you play it on your PC, it installs a rootkit on your PC. Don't know what that is? Google it. Trust me, when you do you will never buy another Sony product again. Even worse, if you try to remove this rootkit, it breaks your PC.
This CD has a nasty form of copy protection, usually associated with malware / spyware.  There's no uninstall feature, and if you attempt to manually uninstall it, it will leave your CD inoperable save a complete Windows rebuild. More details under the sysinternal web site, under the Mark's blogs.
The so-called "content protection" software on this CD goes to great length to burrow into the operating system on your PC, and is just about impossible to remove. Normal attempts to remove it in will disable your CD-ROM and possibly other parts of your system, leaving you with a crippled computer that can just about only be fixed through a complete reinstallation of your operating system.
Do not buy this CD!  It secretly installs a "rootit" software and will disable your CD / DVD reader in your computer!I just found out the hard way after returming a Toshiba laptop computer under "warranty" (less than 6 months old) to the dealer, with a CD/DVD reader that ceased to be able to read discs.  Got hit with a $238 repair bill as it was not caused by a defect in the computer.  Toshiba dealer then advised me not to play recent Sony CD's on it to avoid this "problem".Who the hell do Sony think they are?  Idiots!The CD?  I didn't even sell it or give it away, as I didn't want someone else to have the same problems as me.  It was rendered harmless with the aid of a microwave oven on high for 30 seconds.Nice spark show, but I'd rather have my $250.DO NOT BUT THIS CD!Laurence Collins.
What Sony did to the consumer is horrible. Playing this cd on your home computer is opening you up to a series of security holes that can be exploited and harm your data and computer.BOYCOTT THIS PRODUCT NOW.. LET SONY KNOW THAT YOU REFUSE TO PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT.
Here is what Sony will tell you:[Macintosh]If you have a Macintosh computer you can copy the songs using youriTunes Player as you would normally do.[Windows]Note the procedure below to "legally" bypasses the DRM - but you have to re-encode the file - so some loss in quality. Sony only allows to "export" in 128Kbps secure WMA.This doesn't solve the issue with installation of the Sony  program on your PC.If you have a PC place the CD into your computer and allow the Sony BMGaudio player on the CD to automatically start. If the player softwaredoes not automatically start, open your Windows Explorer. Locate andselect the drive letter for your CD drive. On the disc you will findeither a file named LaunchCD.exe or Autorun.exe. Double-click this file tomanually start the player.TIP: If your CD does not contain either the LaunchCD.exe orAutorun.exe files, it may not be compatible with this iPodsolution. Please reply to this letter for more information.Once the Sony BMG player application has been launched and the End UserLicense Agreement has been accepted, you can click the Copy Songsbutton on the top menu.Follow the instructions to copy the secure Windows Media Files (WMA) toyour PC. Make a note of where you are copying the songs to, you willneed to get to these secure Windows Media Files in the next steps.Once the WMA files are on your PC you can open and listen to the songswith Windows Media Player 9.0 or higher (or another fully compatibleplayer that can playback secure WMA files, such as MusicMatch,RealPlayer, and Winamp). You can then burn the songs to a standard Audio CD.Please note that in order to burn the files, you will need to upgrade to,or already have, Windows Media Player 9 or 10.Once the standard Audio CD has been created, place this copied CD backinto your computer and open iTunes. iTunes can now rip the songs as youwould any normal audio CD.
You won't be happy with the results if you let this CD install its SPYWARE ROOTKIT. Get ready to wipe and reinstall your OS. Too bad, Van Zant rocks, Sony DRM is bad news.
I was going to buy this CD but after all the negative comments I have instead downloaded it from Bit Torrent. The music is worth more than what I paid for it, but the Sony arrogance means I will also not be buying any Sony equipment again.
Don't buy this CD.  In addition to possibly having some music on it, it also includes dangerous software which will break your computer and possibly make it impossible to use your CD-ROM drive.
Like everyone else, voting NO to the security invasion of the computers in our home.EULA? I can make it easy. If its Sony, its pre-declined.
when loading this on to your computer, sony will install a program called a rootkit.  this is basically an advanced spyware program keeping you from burning a copy, or loading mp3s of your music (which you legally paid for) to load onto any mp3 player that you have.  the problem is that it covers it's own tracks like a virus and on the end use license agreement screen were you click to say "i agree" to listen to the music, it says nothing about installing this software. in fact california laywers are filing a class action against sony because this rootkit can cause damage to your computer.
This CD will leave your PC open for hacker attacks by putting a cloaking system on it that makes any file starting with $sys$ not seen by your PC and hackers can exploit this by putting files in this same format.We will never buy any sony product again, or sony owned company's
Dont buy this album or any other one that says content protected. Dont ever buy from sony! Malicious! It includes a virus that makes your computer vulnerable and theres no way to get it off....
[...]*Probably* this disc won't cause problems on non-computer players (or on Macs, apparently), but it can *seriously* damage your Windows-based computer even now, and probably destroy future versions of the operating system.While there are numerous Bad Possibilities inherent in using this disc's proprietary player software on any existing Windows 95/98/NT/2K/ME/XP system which result in annoyances and problems that can be worked around, i read recently that F-Secure tested it on Windows Longhorn/Vista and discovered that it completely destroyed that operating system.As reported at [...] (which i believe a previous reviewer has cited), this CD requires you to use its proprietary player software to listen to it on your computer.This player installs dangerous (and very poorly written, making it more dangerous) malware called a "rootkit", which is undetectable and almost unremoveable, even by the top virus/spyware protection softwares, on your system.The installed malware is unstable, resulting in the possibility of system crashes or data corruption, and removing it is likely to render your computer's CD or DVD discs completely unuseable.And, beyond that, because of how poorly written this thing is, it provides a handy back door for any malicious person to install undectable worms or other malware on your computer.Don't buy this disc or any other from SONY/BMG until they stop packaging them with this dangerous malware.
A lot of people have already expressed their outrage with Sony.  This product installs cracker type software on your machine.  What it does actually opens you up to attack by real criminals.Please don't blame Van Zant for what Sony does.  I hope they've got the legal right to dump Sony and go elsewhere.  That in itself would help drive nails into this attitude.Don't blame Amazon either.  They've listed it fairly with a warning.Maybe it's time to boycott the manufacturer.  (Can they ever recover from what's started here?)
Sony put illegal malicious software on this CD for copy-protection purposes.  Sony is very likely to be on the receiving end of a huge class-action lawsuit because of their incompetent decision to intentionally infect their customers' computers with spyware which is nearly impossible to remove, and will make your computer vulnerable to hackers.  Sorry, Van Zant, but you should sue Sony/BMG for all of the lost sales you will have because of this stupid decision by Sony.
So I can't get the actual CD because Sony sucks so bad with its foolish DRM, but at least you can buy the album at iTunes for anyone who wants it.I can now burn a CD without Sony's garbage - thanks for the hassle Sony!
A few years ago I had aproblem with a protected cd (What's wrong with this picture by Van Morrison), it would not play in my Phillips cd player. The only way I had was to convert it into mp3 in my computer and then revert it into an audio file so I could hear it. I wrote about this in amazon, but it seems that the record companies really want to destroy even those who still buy cd's because they want to support the artists. The cd said explicitly that because of this technology the cd may not play in some player. However I din not believe it would not play on a Phillips that cost me 1000$ 2 or 3 years before the cd was released. Since then I dont touch any cd with protecting technology (sorry, Van Morrison). But even by these standars Sony has gone too far, and should be banned from any buyers lists. Now, if someone is sued for downloading music from the internet he may say that he does so because he likes music but he wants to save his computer from viruses. What do you say, Mr. Jones???
Whoops. Sony made a big booboo. They pissed off the consumers of planet Earth. >:(DOWN WITH SONY!!
Search for Sony Rootkit in google or yahoo. Learn the dangers of this technology before buying this CD. I, for one, will buy no Sony products or services this Holiday season. Boycott Sony.
Here are a couple links for those who want to learn more about the hidden software this Sony/BMG CD will install on your PC:Yahoo News  [...]"The controversy started Monday after Windows expert Mark Russinovich posted a Web log report on how he found hidden files on his PC after playing a Van Zant CD. He also said it disabled his CD drive after he tried to manually remove it."""The (license) makes no mention that it's going to install something that's going to be hidden from view, that will constantly consume CPU resources even if I'm not listening to music and it will have no uninstall capability," he said."Mark's Blog page where the details the files this Sony Product installed on his computer:[...]If you played this CD in your computer and you want to clean out the files or disable them, Sony has released a patch here:[...]Good luck!
I mistakenly picked this CD up at a local brick-and-mortar and come to find out after opening the package and putting it my PC that it uses some lame-a** DRM!  This is a sham!
I have over 2000 CD's, but I do not have the room to store them. I do not burn copies or download (legal or otherwise). Each CD I buy is ripped to my hard drive using a lossless codec and played back through my amp with an optical digital link, i.e. I like my music in HiFi, not some lossy compression that Sony think I should use. The sooner we say no to these unfair discs (they are not CD's, ask Philips) the sooner they will stop forcing them upon us. Ironically if I want to play one of these cripppled discs in my car I have to copy it onto a cd-r first!However, it is not the fault of the artists so I would urge you to buy an alternative CD that is not been delibrately degraded.
Sony has added malicious copy-protection software to this CD that installs automatically on your PC, hiding itself as well as any file whose name starts with "$sys$". Viruses are spreading as we speak that take advantage of this flaw in their copy-protection software that can damage your computer to the point of making it inoperable. Sony needs to recall all of these CDs it produced with this software and compensate those people who installed it on their computer for the damage it has done.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS CD!
Head over to [...] to see if the cd you want is one of theirs.  There's no reason to think that just because it isn't "Sony" that it might not be one of their evil subsidiaries.  Click "artist" and check for yourself.  If the cd/band/singer/etc. is there, just download it instead.Congratulations on Sony for officially endorsing piracy...
Dear SONY,With reference to your EULA:what is the point of spending my HARD-EARNED MONEY on a 'CD' (BTW, this is not technically a 'CD'), that i can't LEGALLY listen to at work?I might as well DOWNLOAD it, break the law ANYWAY and pay nothing!What EXACTLY are you trying to achieve with all of this?Regards,A (Was) loyal SONY consumer
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.Never buy Music with DRM and trojan software in itSony CD music has a "TROJAN" like software in it! It could "break" your computer!Curtail your purchase of any other Sony item;.... buy another brand.Let this be a lesson ... so all other companies thinking of doing the same thing, DON'T even try it.TELL YOUR FRIENDS....POST IT AT CAMPUS...POST IT AT WORK...POST IT IN A BLOG...DIGG IT...Sony will only listen, if we all refrain from purchasing for at least 6 MONTHSThis is the Flash point... this is the last straw...SPREAD THE WORD
If everyone just downloads the music instead of paying for music that violates our first amendment rights, maybe Sony (and others) will get the picture.
Due to the rootkit that this CD will install on windows machines is  the one GOOD reason for which I will boycott all SONY music cd's and will not for this reason purchase this CD.I'll bet Van Zant will be furious with Sony because this copy-protection (Rootkit stuff) will actually lose them sales.It certainly means *I* *WILL* *NOT* be buying any Sony stuff again and *WILL NOT* purchase this album.Van Zant - Get yourself another distributer.
THE COPY PROTECTION SUCKS.  IT DRAINS RESOURCES FROM MY MACHINE AND NOW I HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE BULL WITH SONY TO REMOVE THE CRAP.I DO NOT BUY FOR A SECOND THAT VAN ZANT DID NOT KNOW.I AM JOINING CLASS ACTION SUIT AND I WILL DRAG VAN ZANT IN COURT TO EXPLAIN THIS.  IF THEY TRULLY DID NOT KNOW, THEY CAN SUE SONY FOR DAMAGES.AND DO WE KNOW THAT COMPANY WHO WROTE THE CODE DID NOT DO IT ON PURPOSE.  THINK PEOPLE.  THEY CAN SIT AND COLLECT ALL THAT INFO ABOUT US.WE HAVE TO SUE THEM ALL TO FIND OUT WHO KNEW WHAT AND WHERETHAT IS ALL I HAVE.
Please be advise if you play this CD in your computer it will install sofware without you know that can affect your Windows installation.(...)
Unbelievable! This crashed my PC! I had to reinstall Windows! I can't recommend this CD at all.
Well, at least it is nice to see that Amazon is now labeling all DRM-protected CDs with a [CONTENT/COPY PROTECTED] format type, so we'll know which CDs to avoid like the plague.Van Zant:  Your music is too good to be sabotaged by vile technology.  Take heed of your CD's abysmal rating here, and go find yourself a less evil distributor.By the way, here is an interesting quote from Sony Chairman Nobuyuki Idei, circa 2003:"The music industry has been spoiled. They have controlled the distribution of music by producing CDs, and thereby have also protected their profits. So they have resisted Internet distribution. Six years ago I asked Sony Music to start working with IBM to figure out how to offer secured distribution of their content over the Net. But nobody in Sony Music would listen. Then about six months ago, they started to panic. They have to change their mindset away from selling albums, and think about selling singles over the Internet for as cheap as possible-even 20 cents or 10 cents-and encourage file-sharing so they can also get micro-payments for these files. The music industry has to re-invent itself; we can no longer control distribution the way we used to. Most entertainment executives understand this, but how to exactly execute on this model is more difficult."There you go.  Encourage file-sharing.  Charge 10 or 20 cents a track.  Re-invent yourself.  Stop attempting to control distribution, because you will fail in that attempt.Mr Idei:  Please fix the Sony BMG Music division.
If you install this Malware, hidden software will be installed on your computer, that runs without your knowledge, uses your CPU and RAM constantly, and can NOT BE REMOVED!For a detailed analysis go to sysinternals and search for rootkit
The *one* star is for the technological features in the CD, not your music.Please find another company and then I could be interested in parting with my money.PShaw
Sony Sucks.  There, I said it.  If you buy this "Sony Artist" CD, your computer will be infected and will probably stop working.  But hey, there's lots of people who probably want their computer to be hacked and crashed, right?  SONY and DRM SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
this CD installs very dangerous malware on your PC when you try to play it!
It's nice to hear that Sony is finally recalling most of these copy-protected CDs with rootkits. However, I urge any of Amazon's selling partners to take the listings for these copy-protected CD's off of Amazon and participate in the recall or at least list in their listings that the CDs have copy protection.  Doing the ethical thing and recalling CDs before they wreck unsuspecting computers is better than forcing someone to pay money to fix a computer because it was broken by a 15 dollar CD.
This CD contains DRM (Digital Rights Management) technology which, without your knowledge, installs hidden services, files, and registry values to you computer which are not easily removable.  This sort of action is similar to the steps a hacker would take to infect your computer with software undetectable by anti-virus software.The software is also very obtrusive, as it edits Windows API (a very low-level part of the Windows operating system) to make sure that the software is activated every time you access ANYTHING via your CD-ROM drive.  This consumes between 1% and 10% of your CPU, depending on the speed of it.Not only is this software obtrusive, but it also provides not easy way to uninstall it.  There is no option in Add and Remove Programs in the Windows Control Panel to remove the software, and manually removing it is very difficult and cannot be done without in-depth knowledge of low-level Windows systems.In summery, purchasing this CD will give you intrusive services on your PC, not allow you to copy it to any external devices, including MP3 players (such as the iPod).
Sony is putting illegal DRM software on to your computer through this so called CD. My advice is to boycott all Sony products and download this CD in MP3 format. Please don't let Sony get away with it.
This CD installs a DRM (Digital Rights Managment) software that has more in common with SpyWare than any of us would like to imagine. It installs a Rootkit with leaves security holes in your system, fails to properly map your mamory under certain operations, leaving your computer vulnerable to crashes, and they provide no way to fully remove it without you giving up your e-mail address for marketing purposes. The software installs automaticly when the disk is inserted.This is dangerous, and Sony should stop this foolishness. Pirates can get around this malicous software easily, leaving only the innocent to suffer with damaged operating systems and computers suffering from crashes and vulnerabilities.I'm no longer buying Sony products at all. I no longer buy Sony or BMG at all. I will even postpone my purchase of a PS3 over this. I'll get a Nintendo Revolution instead. The controller looks like it could be fun to use.I no longer buy Sony/BMG music either, but if you really want this music without waiting for it on the Radio, then buy it on something like iTunes, so you don't put your computer at risk from this ridiculous software.
I think the subject line says it all. AVOID THIS CD.  AVOID ALL SONY PRODUCTS. BOYCOTT SONY. This CD will destroy your computer, and it won't even play in a lot of car and stereo CD players because of this horrible DRM.  BOYCOTT SONY!!!!
A commenter on Sysinternals blog site is reporting that Sony's rootkit DRM is spying on computers infected with it. He attached a packet sniffer to a computer known to be infected with Sony's DRM, and discovered that the Sony rootkit software contacts two Sony websites each time a CD is played. The software reports the IP address of the computer and the CD title. Sony is spying on us and secretly installing dangerous software on our computers! BOYCOTT SONY!!!
I am an IT professional. I've heard this album. I listened to it in a co-worker's car during a business trip. I was thinking about buying it myself, but... The day before yesterday, my employer released a memo forbidding the playing of ANY music CD in company computers. When we, meaning the IT staff, asked why, we were told to Google the word "rootkit" and all our jaws dropped. We were thinking 'hoax' or 'urban legend', but no. Sony, in their near-sighted attempts to thwart 'theft' of 'their intellectual property' has declared war against consumers. That is the only way to put it. This is a technological sneak-attack that is on par with Pearl Harbor.This copy protection scheme puts unwanted malicious code on your computer without your knowledge that could be considered spyware at the very least and a trojan horse at the worst. Sony is using the malware to track consumer activities and who knows what else? Also, if the malware contained a rootkit to hide the DRM, who knows what else Sony was planning to put on your computer later without you knowing? Were they planning to put something on your computer to later pop up an tell you that you have played your CD or used Sony's proprietary media player long enough. Now, if you want to listen to the CD any longer or use the media player any longer, you must pay more? Sound far fetched? Music Match has used this technique to disable functionality in purchased players, maquerading as upgrades, for years. Not to mention the fact that this malware could be hijacked, and has been, by hackers to do even more harm to computers of unsuspecting consumers.Sony has been building up to this point for years. From building DVD players that refuse to play DVD-R's and CD-R's to forcing proprietary formats for MiniDisc. (I used this format to record my daughter's band concerts, and never anything else. But, I abandoned it and started to just use a digital stereo video camera, because I couldn't get the music from the disc to my computer without doing real-time copy. I had to do that with the camera too, but at least I got audio AND video that way.) Now, Sony has resorted to clearly illegal activity and must be made to pay, not only financially, but criminally. Forget boycotts. Greedy people who don't have principals will undermine your attempts by buying the products you refuse to at discounted prices when Sony has to dump them.  Forget class-action lawsuits that only benefit greasy attorneys. CONTACT YOUR STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL AND CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATIVES AND INSIST THAT THEY START PROCEDINGS TO INVESTIGATE AND PROSECUTE SONY ALONG WITH FIRST 4 INTERNET TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW.
In common with most other reviewers, I have no quarrel with the music content of this CD, nor the artist.  Once again, the issue is the botched copy protection.Contrary to Sony's press release, and contrary to the written content of the EULA, the rootkit malware *is installed on your machine whether you accept the EULA or not*.  You have no choice; GO.EXE begins the installation process on autorun.Both here in Singapore and in the EU, this action is blatantly, flagrantly illegal.  Somebody should do serious gaol time; in the interim, do not buy this CD or any other "copy protected" product.
After you run the Sony "patch," there are still processes running and this crap is still on the system and cannot be uninstalled by Add/Remove Programs.I'm not buying anything from SonyBMG.
Here is a bit of a technical review of the nasty nasty software installed by this CD:"Last week when I was testing the latest version of RootkitRevealer (RKR) I ran a scan on one of my systems and was shocked to see evidence of a rootkit. Rootkits are cloaking technologies that hide files, Registry keys, and other system objects from diagnostic and security software, and they are usually employed by malware attempting to keep their implementation hidden"..."I knew conclusively that the rootkit and its associated files were related to the First 4 Internet DRM software Sony ships on its CDs"..."The DRM reference made me recall having purchased a CD recently that can only be played using the media player that ships on the CD itself and that limits you to at most 3 copies. I scrounged through my CD's and found it, Sony BMG's Get Right with the Man (the name is ironic under the circumstances) CD by the Van Zant brothers. I hadn't noticed when I purchased the CD from Amazon.com that it's protected with DRM software, but if I had looked more closely at the text on the Amazon.com web page I would have known"..."The entire experience was frustrating and irritating. Not only had Sony put software on my system that uses techniques commonly used by malware to mask its presence, the software is poorly written and provides no means for uninstall. Worse, most users that stumble across the cloaked files with a RKR scan will cripple their computer if they attempt the obvious step of deleting the cloaked files."...
Unfortly for the Van Zant boys, the fine shysters at Sony Baloney Money Grabbers group have managed to stick a damn rootkit on your computer.  We should sue the BMG stuckups for damage caused to our computer by their software.Remember it was BMG that introduced the Copy protected coaster and to make matters worse for the consumer they merged with Sony to double the copy protect CDs for their own profit?  And so why is it that the new Neil Diamond or Montgomery Gentry Best of are copy protected but the latest Gretchen Wilson and Franz Ferdinand and Aerosmith CDs are not?And guess what three CDs I did buy?Perhaps Van Zant should have stayed at Sanctuary where we could have heard their latest album without Copy Protect.Sorry Guys, I don't buy copy protected coasters. Maybe you should consider putting it out on vinyl....
The word is out about this CD and at least 20 other Sony/BMG CD's containing a very dangerous rootkit. The rootkit installs itself if you attempt to listen to this CD on your Windows system. And will install itself without telling you! This leaves your PC open to attack and as of 11/8/05 Thomas Hesse, President of Sony's Global Digital Business, was so arrogant that he stated for a news broadcast "that consumers shouldn't be concerned about things they don't understand." So Sony believes that consumers should just let them install dangerous rootkit/spyware on your PC and you, as the consumer, shouldn't worry about this danger simply because you don't understand it! People are now calling on the Boycotting of Sony products such as not only this CD but also all Sony products including the upcoming PS3. We have to let these mega-corporations know that we are not going to take this kind of illegal garbage from them. Please do not support Sony by buying this CD or anything Sony brand.
I have been avoiding the major / RIAA affiliated labels for some time, but make exceptions if I really want the lp. Until now I haven't really had my opinion changed by any one company overall.But the frightening thing is that Sony tried to do this to their customers, hide the fact and get away with it. I just don't trust Sony anymore.I will never buy another Sony artist CD.(Sony have a list of artists to avoid at their worldwide website sonymusic)Even if they sign the Fall :(They also had my perfect TV, I don't think I can get that now either.
Do *NOT* play this CD on your computer. It contains a worm which will hide itself on your computer. You will have to reformat your computer to recover all functionality.
According to Leo LaPorte and the TWIT crew, Sony/BMG's rootkit installs a security hole in all Windows systems, since it allows a program to be hidden to even the operating system can't see. Malicious hackers could use this to hide their malicious programs on your system (this includes your security programs). The TWIT guys did mention this Sony/BMG rootkit might also be installed on Mac systems too....but we don't know this, since there's no rootkit decloaker available for Mac OSX.Hit Sony/BMG where it hurts....don't buy music from the following artists.....and if you must buy it, do it on iTunes Music Store.Here's their artist stable listing:[...]
Good work Sony!Maybe you can also include the Cool Web Search with your disks, to enhance our internet experience, along the line? I can respect the guys who aim at defrauding people and not be shy to admit it. At least they have the guts to show their true face. But you're the lowliest type of them all.What else will you do for money? What's the next step at protecting your dear capitalism? Invade Cuba?I'm spreading the word all around. NEVER will I buy anything from Sony. EVER. You burned yourself.
I have great respect for musicians but not for their distributors like Sony.This album sounded quite interesting and I thought about buying it until I found out about all the spyware and potential damage this CD could do to my system, that is something I certainly would NOT do now.I personally will never by another Sony C.D. until I can be certain it will not contain any sort of virus type softwareIt's my opinion that if I owned Amazon or any music selling enterprise I would refuse to sell products that were potentially harmful to my customers equipment "What say you ?"
THIS "CD" DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE RED BOOK STANDARD FOR AUDIO CD'S SO CANNOT BE PUT IN THE CATERGORY OF CD AUDIO.THIS DISK DOES HAVE AUDIO ON IT BUT IS NOT A COMPACT DISC.PLEASE START A NEW SECTION CALLED MUSIC DISCS AND TELL PEOPLE THEY ARE BUYING AN INFERIOR PRODUCT.SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
... but I wouldn't buy this album because of the DRM rootkit...maybe you should change label?As mentioned by the other reviewers, not only does this rootkit work at a low-level, interfering (without your knowledge) with the workings of Windows, but also reports your IP back to Sony.There is also the problem that if you play an album from another label that uses a different rootkit, you can have an unusable computer, as both the rootkits will conflict....Avoid this CD like the plague (the only people who will benefit from this are the people who download the album illegal using P2P - because they don't buy the CD... legitimate users/purchasers lose out with a potentially unusable computer)
..and I paid them to do it?!  The RIAA are getting desperate in their attempt to prevent music sharing and apparently approve of using malicious techniques to do so. In the mean time they're suing elderly people, for insane amounts of money, who barely even know how to turn a PC on, much less download music.Protect your rights.  Do not support artists who side with the RIAA or include Sony's DRM on their albums.
Don't get me wrong, I like the Van Zants and their music. But having very bad experience with this kind of copyprotected stuff, most of these so called "Compact Discs" just do not run in my car where they are supposed to. I've got more than 1.000 CDs in my shelf. But I will buy NONE of this so called "copy controlled" stuff which is only deliberately pre-damaged discs of no valid industry standard.Now companies start not only to damage the artwork of true artists, they start to invade and manipulate your computer. That's more I am ever willing to bear.Excuse my stumpy english, I'm a german customer and we do suffer from this kind of crap for a long time.
Do not place this audio CD or any content protected audio CD in your computer. The ROOTKIT installed by SONY will give SONY (And soon, Hackers) Root access to your computer any time they want. You CAN NOT DETECT the rootkit without special tools. If you attempt to remove it, you may need to REFORMAT your Hard Drive and REINSTALL Windows.Solution: Park an Audio CD Player beside your computer and run an audio wire from the audio out of the CD player to the Audio Input on the back of your computer. It's old school, but it will work most every time.
Read the following articles, particularly if you have a Windows based system.  Decide for your self what the stability of your system is worth.  For me, I will do without this or any other CD or DVD which opens my PC to such security vulerabilities.
ok, that might be extreme but this does put software on your pc that allows anybody to hide malicious software on your pc - think viruses, adware, identity theft - all for trying to listen to a cd - Sony will fix the problem if enough people complain - wait until they do to buy it so you don't end up permanantly damaging your pc.
Do not buy this or any Sony products, until they stop interfering with our computers.  I BUY 2000 cds a year but will not now buy any artist on any Sony label.
I do not want a virus on my computer so I did not buy this disc. Release on another label please!
A CD containing a DRM rootkit that installs when you insert it in your CD/DVD drive! Disabling Autorun usually works to keep this crap off your computer.Sony, you've lost all of my respect due to this action, and provide a goddamn uninstaller without asking for our email address!I feel bad for this artist and they should dump Sony ASAP.
I will not purchase the CD because of Sony's bizarre attempt at limiting piracy by installing spyware on your computer if you happen to attempt to play the CD on a Windows PC (oddly enough, they don't install spyware if you have a Mac).  Already, virus writers have begun to use this "rootkit" that Sony secretly installs to launch attacks on PCs.I'm done supporting Sony/BMG until they realize that their anti-piracy initiative is not as important as their consumers' right to fair use of content that they purchase, and the consumers' right not to have a company willfully and secretly wreck their PC.  Ironically, Sony's incompetent, unethical behavior will increase piracy, because users (well, this user at least) would rather violate copyright laws to download the album using P2P software, rather than open up their PC to virus attacks.
I mostly listen to music on my iPod and with iTunes. A CD that is incompatible with these is nothing more than an expensive coaster as far as I'm concerned.
(S)tandard (O)il of (N)ew (Y)ork yes it's true. They just don't want you to know that they are an American Company becuase they make a LOT more money exploiting cheap labor in Asia. Do your homework, it's true. And a company that can lie about that can lie about anything! BOYCOTT THEM NOW!
Unbelievable.  Anybody read Sony's 3,000+ word EULA!  It restricts just about every kind of access you can think of.  It's not clear what you CAN do with your CD.  But you know what's really ironic?  They actually violate their own EULA by installing a rootkit malware program that you do not agree to in the EULA (because it isn't even mentioned) and cannot uninstall.  This is so completely illegal!  I know there are lawsuits (I think 6 so far) being filed against SONY.  I hope they get their pants sued off of them.  I know that public opinion sure has turned against them - now Sony is seen by many as an icon of Evil is this world of corporate greed that is ANTI-CONSUMER in nature.  Yeah, we don't actually own the CD that we buy, we just have the privelage of listening to it in only the EXTREMELY narrow manner that Sony sees fit to grant us.  Want to transfer your music to your new $300 Ipod?  Good luck, that's specifically prohibited and Sony's software sure won't let you do it.  Give me a break!  You think I'll ever buy a SONY label CD from now on?  Never!  You know what else, artists like this one and the other 19 artists that Sony has infected their CDs with their malware won't sell and thus they're getting shafted on royalties.  Consumers are effectively boycotting their MUSIC!  Those artists should have have every right to sue Sony too!  How would you like it, you put all that creative effort into producing your music and nobody want's it because Sony has attached a crappy, deceptive, and insecure piece of illegal malware to it!  Nice one Sony.  I hope this bites you in the biggest way possible you piece of PUTRID, FOUL, CONTEMPTOUS, CORPORATE SLIME!
The music is good, the delivery is less than I expected. Crashed my PC, repeatedly. SYST restore back a week to just get things going again. Use at your own risk.
Do not buy this CD or any other copy-protected CDs.  Whatever you do, do NOT under any circumstances play it in your Windows computer - it will install a "rootkit" which will leave your computer highly vulnerable to hostile attacks, irrespective of any firewall or spyware countermeasures you may take.  To have Sony's software removed from your PC you may have to pay hundreds of dollars to a professional repair service.
This compact disc contains a rootkit which automatically installs itself on your computer.  The effect of this rootkit is to open security vulnerabilities on your computer which can be exploited.  Do not purchase this CD and use it with a Microsoft Windows computer - it will cause major problems.
I picked this up at a local store, no idea it was copy-protected. It tried to install a program on my work PC, which now doesn't boot up properly, wouldn't play in iTunes on my powerbook, wouldn't play on my iPod. Didn't work on my standalone CD player either.Brought it back, never buying another CD from Sony again. I guess that means I'm downloading Sony stuff, but I prefer to break the law rather than have Sony install spyware on my work PC and get me fired.
Nothing against the band at all - but I am adding my vote to Sony's absurd EULA, and that it isn't clear before I make a purchase on this site how far that EULA agreement reaches. Its not helpful to me AFTER my money was sent, and the items shipped.* I don't accept Sony's EULA* I don't accept their simple minded and single sided copy protection which burdens the honest customers only* I don't accept software that isn't forthright in its actions* I don't accept software that can't be uninstalled easily* I don't accept that I need to fill out forms giving personal information in order to remove malicious software* I don't agree to transmit private information from my computers, especially when its encrypted so I can't confirm exactly what information was extracted* I don't think this music will ever be important enough in my life to open myself up to the issues this malicious software forces onto my computer* I don't agree to software that tampers with my system, and does so in a less than forthright manner, and does this BEFORE I agree or disagree with the terms of the EULA (and then does not remove itself easily, and the long procedure for removal opens up even MORE potential of security issues while also NOT removing the actual files in question).* I don't agree to Sony putting software onto my system that INTERNALLY also appears to be using UNLICENSED OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE. Over 568,000 kettles calling the pots black.I have been a very long term fan of Sony products. They have been the standard by which I compared the competition.Sony is banned from our home now; security of our computers is CRITICAL, as is all the private information on them. Zero tolerance on this sort of corporate ... ummm ... ethics(?).
The DRM software provided with this CD seriously limits your fair use rights.More alarmingly, the DRM installs software on your PC that can make your PC seriously vulnerable to other virus and hacks.Be warned...
Again, no offense to the Van Zant brothers (they should switch lables if they can). The hidden program and directories that the copy protection method installs on your system can be used by viruses to hide from AV software. DO NOT buy Sony CD's until they quit using this scheme.Even if you own a non-windows machine, I don't think Sony should be patronized.I rate this a 1 only because of Sony. I like the Van Zant's music, but won't buy this one.
This CD contains DRM software that will be installed automatically when you put the disk in your computer.  You cannot stop it, and you cannot uninstall it.  There are already THREE known viruses that take advantage of the holes this software creates.DO NOT BUY THIS CD, and if you do - DO NOT PUT IT IN YOUR COMPUTER.This is true with Macintosh computers as well.This CD will break your computer.Do a search on Google for "Sony DRM" and you will see all sorts of information.
I'll have to look elsewhere for good music now.
Don't buy this CD.  I will not buy anything else from SONY
This is intolerable. This is evil. We have to stop using SONY's products all together. Forever.
.... wouldn't it be time to remove this item from your online-shop, Amazon. If not I might consider not buying from you anymore because of a security risk YOUR products may cause. I'm not an expert. Can't know which of your products are harmless and which ones causes damages to my computer.
Like thousands of others, I've spent thousands on this corporation's products - BUT NO MORE. Televisions, electronics, cameras, etc. - NEVER, EVER AGAIN. This BETRAYAL of consumers should indeed be met with criminal prosecution. What has happened here is nothing less than a frightening herald of future privacy invasion, to say nothing of the damage to computer systems. Sony's death knell is hereby rung with the unleashing of these horrible infestations. A pox on them.
I just heard about this class of copy protected CD that installs software on a PC,hides that fact, and then restricts my use of the CD.  I do digital libraries for a living,and I very much respect copyright.  In this case, as with cases I've had with othermedia and other vendors, when treated pre-emptively like a criminal, I take mybusines ELSEWHERE!Amazon, please use your influence to tell Sony they've gone WAY too far on this one!
I have no problem with a certain amount of copy protection. Tell us you are doing it though. The actions of Sony are a disgrace.
If you buy this from iTunes, its cheaper AND you bypass the SONY software.  Its still legal and your PC remains intact.
I can't believe that the Van Zant's would willingly agree to the Digital Restrictions Management and Rootkit that Sony published the CD with.  It's much safer to get the CD on peer to peer networks than buy the CD from Sony.  I will never purchase another Sony product for as long as they continue trying to infect our computers and take away our fair-use rights.
This is the straw that breaks my back. I will never buy another Sony product again. I currently own about $5K of Sony merchandise, from TV's, DVD's, receivers and VCRs (which have mostly broken), to headphones, boomboxes, walkmen, music, etc.I'm done. No more.This stupid CD installs a rootkit on your computer that leaves it open to further abuse and takeover by the lamest of internet script punks. You can't uninstall the software without begging for help from Sony, and they install MORE stuff on your computer to do it.I just wanted to listen to a CD while I worked. Best Buy won't take it back. I wish I had purchased it at Amazon...Time to reformat my hard drive and reinstall Windows. I won't forget to disable the autorun this time.I should, however, make sure to download this for free from the internet now. Just to make a point. The music's not bad.Alternatively, maybe I just need to learn my lesson and never buy another CD again. A pox on all of their houses.
Dear Van ZantJust wanted to let you know that I won't be buying a copy of your CD. Why not? Nothing to do with your music--I just refuse to let your parent company mess with my computer. I know, I know, it's not your fault--I know that you just want to make the best music you can and make sure that as many of your fans hear it as possible. I'm a musician myself, and I feel for you. But Sony has showed that it doesn't care what the public says it wants regarding music. So I'm hoping that if enough Sony artists raise holy hell with the label, the company just might remember that the whole point of the music business is to sell customers what they want. Not to break their expensive computers and hope they won't notice. Good luck with your music career, though.
This is **NOT** a Compact Disc.  It violates the Compact Disc standard.  It will not play on my computer system unless I choose to install Sony's spyware on my computer.Sony Spyware and non standard Audio Discs ?  No!
USA Today, the BBC, and other mainstream media have exposed Sony's sinister shenanigans. A tiny, hidden program on Sony's audio CDs secretly installs a cloaked (hidden) "rootkit" program onto your hard disk when you play the CD on a Windows PC. (Does not infect Linux or other non-Windows computers, or any CD player not connected to a Windows PC.)The rootkit program becomes embedded on your hard disk and "phones home" to Sony every time you play a Sony-infected CD. Information is then exchanged without your knowledge or consent.Mark Russinovich at Sysinternals.com explains it in his tech blog:[...]
OK, so maybe these guys did this as a bet or a joke, but aren't jokes supposed to be funny? This isn't funny, it's sad. What a waste of time and oxygen.
This is obviously someones practical joke...however, if one person paid any amount of money while accidently downloading this garbage, they "ARTISTS" should be sued.
if i could flag content to be removed, i'd flag this.it's basically spam.
Just play a sample or two.  I couldn't get past the first line of any of them.
A friend of mine handed me is album. After listening to a few tracks. all i could think is why god why.
STICK WITH THE FIRST ALBUM. THIS ONE IS WEAK AND EXPLAINS WHY RODRIGUEZ SLIPPED FROM VIEW. FROM MAGIC TO MUSH IN ONE ALBUM.
FRAUD, FRAUDULENT, SCAM, SCUM, DECEIT, HOAX, EXTORTION, FAKE, FALSE, IMPOSTOR, PHONY, RIP-OFF, CON, CRIME, BOGUS, BUM, FALSE, CHEAT, LOSER, LAME
Rodriguez' style of music is timeless. His melodies and beats are varied, lyrics interesting. Wish his body of work was larger.
I was expecting something more from this than what it actually is, especially since this was identified as the band's most popular recording. The four songs are really just four variations of a rhythm or jam. The bigger issue is that they take too long to get underway so that the listener is sitting waiting for the music to actually start, which occurs well into the track, and any real substance doesn&#8217;t occur until the last quarter of the track. The second issue is the quality of the mix and the variations in audio recording levels.My wife jokingly called the tracks the drum track, the bells track, the whistling track, and the other drum track based on how each one starts and the predominant sound for the first couple of seconds.I was expecting something more chant like with mediational possibilities but the reality is that the tracks are purely psychedelic in nature and the sound is harsh and overpowering.
I purchased this album thinking it was actually the listed artists performing the songs. Sadly, I was mistaken. They don't even sound similar.
As with other K-Tel oldies albums on Amazon, this is full of re-recordings and cover versions. As remakes go, they're not so bad, but it's just as easy to buy the original hits:Games People Play,In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida,Monday, Monday,Oh Happy Dayand so on. Why buy this version instead?
As I write this, Judy's Turn to Cry is the best-selling song from this MP3 collection. As with so many of the songs on K-Tel albums listed on Amazon, this is not the original. For the right Judy, turn toDoo Wop Golden Oldies Vol 2orThe Golden Hits Of Lesley Gore.
If you do a lot of browsing around the oldies albums here, you've probably come to the same conclusion that I have. If you haven't, let me clue you in: If the record label is K-Tel, there's a really good chance that the album is full of re-recorded songs.So it is with this one, which I review here only because Amazon's recommendation engine laid it in front of me. Go listen to some original hit songs for sale elsewhere on Amazon:Rock Your Baby,Silence Is Golden,Billy, Don't Be A Hero, you get the idea. Then come back here if you still want the newer, re-recorded versions that populate this collection.
Just listen to the previews. To call this amateurish is being generous. Garage bands from the 60's did better. From top to bottom it's horrible. Very sloppy musicianship with guitar and percussion out of synch with each other on many tracks. Overmoderlated mic with plenty of effects to hide the poor vocals. Plus the subject matter on many of the songs are of an unChristian cultic nature. Think David Koresh but with less musical talent. Not worth purchasing.
Rarely have I had the displease to listen to such a talentless singer. A voice like a crying baby being beaten with a screaming cat ... lyrics to match.
I've never really been that impressed e seen and heard all of the material of both of these comedians.I was never really that impressed by Dane Cook,...and nobody could be as impressed by him as he appears to be by himself. His delivery often feels self congratulating. Sure,...I had a some chuckles, but,.."Meh".Patton Oswalt is a comic genius. His writing alone beats the pants off Dane Cook, but then he also has a way of telling his stories that is so infectiously hilarious.Patton Oswalt is the clear winner here.I have no idea who this guy is dropping both of their names to make his own.
None of the songs are sung by the Beatles! Need I say more? Who wants Beatles songs not sung by the Beatles? Not me. But that's what I got because it didnt say this anywhere on the album or the description. I was looking for a nice mix to introduce my son to the Beatles. I thought this was it but I was wrong. Guess I have to keep looking. Don't waste your money like I did
Help!!! I was stupid and downloaded this thinking it was "The Beatles." Someone mentioned getting a refund, how do I go about doing that same thing? I want "The Beatles One."
I did not realize this was not the Beatles. I do not want to support some 'want to be like' band. I want a refund. DO NOT BUY...
I think this is crappy,I should have I guess read the small print? I should get a return for this?I wanted the Beatles singing their greatest hits,not some other band?
After I got this product, I found out that it was NOT the Beatles.  I should have read the fine print.  I returned it and got a refund!!!  These are FAKE BEATLES!!!
I did not know this CD was not a recorded by the real &#34;BEATLES&#34;...when I played it the first time, I thought my ears were not functioning properly.  So I waited until my hustband came home and I played it again for him...he then advised me that my ears were okay..the recording was definitely not the Real &#34;Beatles&#34;.  It seems to me that this CD was not honestly represented ..I never would have purchased this CD if I had known this was not the REAL BEATLES SINGING.....I do not recommend purchasing this if you are a fan of the Beatles.....John, Paul, George and RINGO!!!!!
This is horrible! Not the Beatles, but some band trying to make money off of them. DO NOT BUY THIS! Get the real thing and don't waste your money.
I thought that this was the actual Beatles song... and it was not!Seriously don't waste your eighty-nine (89) cents.
Did not realize it when i purchased but this is a collection of songs by the beatles performed by other artists
Me, just like a lot of others I imagine, was stupid enough to think this was the actual Beatles #1 Album, imagine my ultimate CHAGRIN when I discovered, it sure WASN'T!  To think I was stupid enough to have paid to listen to a bunch of studio singers re-sing the Beatles, OMG!  DON'T WASTE YOUR PENNIES ON THIS ONE!!
I thought this is Real "Beatles the one"!!!! I spent 7.99 to buy this!!!!!!!!!!I'm very angry now. This red color did confuse me. This is not a real Beatles.
I like everyone else thought this was the Beatles not some other crappy band singing the Beatles. I want my money back.
Can't remember anything saying these are not Beatles recordings! This is a poor recreation done by other artists. If I wanted fake Beatles imitations I good of spent $2 on a cheap imitation! Terribly disappointed!
Crap.  Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Oh doggie dew. It also smelled of crap and Doggie dew. The worse things I have every heard.
Downloaded this 'album'.  Was looking for original Beatles music.  Unfortunately, I did this in a hurry and didn't notice that this was a 'tribute', not he original.  Didn't happen to notice until I got around to listening to it.  Totally my fault....  Why would I want to listen to a tribute band when I can listen to the original?  I wouldn't... Guess I need to go shopping again.. A little more carefully this time...
Where are the Beatles original recordings, and why aren't they available on MP3 downloads......they are listed all done by other recording artists........This is a travesty!!!
I thought I was ordering Beatles hit songs sung by the Beatles.  That's certainly what the cover implies.  I think it's a ripoff and I'd like to return it.  Amazon needs to be more specific in the description.
So it looks like if you want to buy an album featuring "The Beatles" and not some goofy tribute band, you are going to need to buy from iTunes or some other site. For anyone that doesn't already know, iTunes has an Apple specific format. This means you will not be able to use you iTunes music on any other MP3 player. Luckily there's an easy fix, downloads of converters are available to convert iTunes' M4A's into MP3's. Sounds like it takes a lot of time but it's fairly simple.... now. I say this after the 3 hour argument I had with my MP3 player yesterday. And, I'm still sitting here trying to figure out why Amazon found it necessary to exclude, from their library, all original works of The Beatles. Well, good luck to you all in pursuit of the real thing.
When I buy music by the beatles, I mean the original Band not pretenders.  Be clear Amazon, Be clear.Ripped off, conned, and embarrassed.
This is a cover band. Don't be fooled like I was. Read the fine print I guess, I am sure it was there somewhere. I just did not see it before I bought it.I see it on the title line now. I am not sure that was there when I bought this item.
i buy this by mistake is no good at all i wish to have my money back. any way when i look for anything on amazon i would like to see original  1st and not the cover or copy
Who are the people on this CD./ Mine came with nothing inside the paper insert.NO NAMES OF THE SO CALLED ARTISTS!Shame on you Amazon, this is false advertising at it's best!Patty
I was deceived believing I was buying Beatles originals.I did not.  These are covers by unknown artists.Be aware.  Don't buy.
Would have been nice if Amazon stated this was done by a Tribute band not the REAL BEATLES totally feel ripped off BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!
None of the titles sounds like the original. They may not be the Beatles at all. Don't buy this one!
If you've never heard the real Beatles you might think this CD is pretty good. I grew up with the original Beatles music and this album doesn't compare. I got a refund.
When you click on &#34;Zac Brown&#34; it comes up with the Zac Brown from the country band, Zac Brown Band and all their albums, making you think that this is a recording with that Zac Brown.  Which it is not.  This should be fixed as fans of the country Zac Brown Band are being misled to think this is him.
if you don't double check the tracks it's really easy to assume that the whole album is on sale, and that this is not just 2 tracks. both of which are on the album. buy this one insteadFight Like a Girl [Explicit]
I only gave it one star because there isn't a zero stars option. I did not see the word "tribute" when I downloaded this song.  It is a terrible version, and a waste of my free download.  You should take it off your list because "tributes" are misleading.
Someone jacked this recording/transfer - it's bad. I don't care about the few cents for the song - but I wanted the song, not a bunch of cr*p in the background.Amazon - get this one right to do it some justice!
I'm cool with avant-garde and improv jazz, as long as the actual musicians can PLAY.These guys just sound like they're having seizures on top of second-hand instruments while being taped by a walkman in a filthy garage...