The liner notes to this remastered import assume that Elton John, circa late 1979, wanted to keep up with the "new musical order" but was too proud a musician to bother with the amateurish punk and new wave trends.  "So why not go for disco instead?"  This CD contains several viable answers to that question.More likely Elton was genuinely interested in disco as an offshoot of the R&B; he loves.  He had just released an EP, recorded with Thom Bell ("Philly Soul" producer of many exquisite Spinners and Stylistics records), resulting in the glorious top ten hit "Mama Can't Buy You Love."  There was a disco feel to the soaring "Philadelphia Freedom" and an all-out try at disco with "Bite Your Lip (Get Up And Dance)" from the "Blue Moves" LP.For "Victim Of Love" EJ landed Pete Bellotte, who was then (with Giorgio Moroder) in the middle of coproducing Donna Summer's record-breaking string of hits.  With hindsight, the Titanic and the Edsel must have looked good in the planning stages too...In theory, there's no reason why a disco version of "Johnny B. Goode" couldn't work.  Here, unfortunately, the beat is more plodding than propulsive and Elton doesn't sound like he's having any fun.  Even more joyless is "Warm Love In A Cold World," a song I'm not sure Ms. Summer could salvage.  Elton at least starts to seem involved with what he's singing on "Born Bad" and "Thunder In the Night," the latter of which I actually like.  Tracks 5 and 6, "Spotlight" and (ugh) "Street Boogie," are even sillier than their titles suggest and would fit nicely banded onto "The Ethel Merman Disco Album."The closing track and title song, however, is to these ears a lost classic that deserves inclusion on some of EJ's 30 or so hits compilations.  A mocking keyboard line snakes around the drumbeat as Elton starts carving himself up with regret in lines like "You swore we'd always make it last" and "Blind, yes, I was the perfect fool."  Soon, the song takes off galloping as Elton wails, "Did you take me for a ride?...Well, I hope you're satisfied."  For once, everything works, as a bit of the pop-god's personality and intelligence arrives to challenge the formula.  (If Rocket U.S. ever chooses to remaster this, I'd love to see the 12" and single edits included as bonus tracks.  I'm just saying.)Maybe our hero thought the mere fact that one of Donna Summer's producers was handling the tracks guaranteed success.  (Elton did not write or play on this disc.)...Ironically, this record would probably have been more embarrassing had it not disappeared so quickly.  Note this silver lining, however:  since this record, just about everything Elton's done since has been hailed as some kind of "comeback."  That's got to be worth something, doesn't it?
I had to make a comment to a prior review that said:&quot;HAPPY ENDING: Mercifully, this is the only Elton album that has not been released on compact disc in America!Little hint, look at the product detail, you are not only reviewing a CD version but the remastered CD! Your review doesn't hold much water when you review a CD you don't even own!Although this is not by means anything I would recommend to a friend, being a EJ completest, I do know the story of why Elton lended his vocals to this one off project. I own the CD, I admitted it!
I guess to totally slag Victim of Love would be to be slightly missing the point.  Elton has mentioned in interviews that this was strictly a project, a one-off with Donna Summer producer Pete Balotte recorded around the same time as the 21 at 33 sessions.  Having said that and knowing that was not meant as a serious, proper release, it still isn't very interesting.The concept of Elton John making a disco album is both intriguing and cringe-inducing.  It could have been so much better than this - but it seems slapped together hastily and contains the same metronome deadlocked pace from start to finish.  The bubbling, fun bass interplay along with a couple of fierey guitar solos (a great one in "Born Bad") are about the most excitment to be had here.  Otherwise, the quasi-new age keyboards and boring song strutures render this thing a bit too lame for the dance floor, even circa 1979.In '80 Elton would return with a proper album 21 at 33, which contained smash "Little Jeanne" but wasn't much more inspired than this.  It would take a couple more wilderness years before he would get back on track again, even then not up to the standard of Yellow Brick Road.
Amazon has failed to reveal in its product description that the DVD in this package is PAL format, which means it will not play in most US DVD players.  According to Salvo staff, Salvo does not produce NTSC format DVDs (those that will play in US players).  What a shame.  Salvo needs to produce DVDs that we can all enjoy.  And come on Amazon, you can do better than this.
and threw together a "sound sculpture" or "noise poem" or "sonic landscape".What it isn't is "MUSIC." It's basically a random splattering of rhythmless tones and samples. But for just under an hour of annoying your neighbors:what the 4*ck, it's only a buck.~!
Not what I expected, I won't be recommending it to anyone, I'll go for the real stuff. It was just OK.
I rather liked the album, and would have given it 3 or 4 stars for its music content.  But adding the virus was a BAAAD idea, which dropped its rating to a 2.  Actually, I stopped loading any factory discs into my computer's CD-ROM drive a long time ago because of the possibility that the vendor would include a little "bonus" with the music.  You should just make a duplicate of the CD with the malware absent (which isn't difficult), save the jewel case and the artwork, and shred the original disc so it doesn't contaminate anyone's computer in the future.  By the way, Macintosh computers have also been "fried" in the past from similar CDs, so you can't assume any brand of O/S is immune.
This is the Van Zants' attempt to cash in on the country music industry's so-called "outlaw" movement. It's an accessible outing, with Music Row songwriters lending a hand on each and every track.Lyrically, the Van Zants don't aim too high-brow, sticking to cliches about Southern Pride and the pursuit of the American dream. They also reflect on their boozing reputation, suggesting on a number of occasions that they've given up the hard stuff.Not that the album is without its vigorous moments. "Takin' Up Space," with its "If you're gonna live, go all the way" refrain, is a beer commercial waiting to happen, while "Nobody's Gonna Tell Me What to Do" and "I'm Doin' Alright" ar sure to get the fists a-pumpin' at live shows.The main revelation is the spirituality expressed on some tracks. It's also the most troubling aspect of the album. If the brothers have found religion and turned their lives around, great. But if they've really had a spiritual epiphany, why did they need other songwriters to help put their thoughts into words? The whole thing smacks of pandering in order to get the attention of people who buy their records at Wal-Mart.If you're a fan of Gretchen Wilson and Toby Keith,you'll probably eat this up. But if you're expecting Southern rock with something to say, seek out the Drive-By Truckers if you haven't already done so.
If you put the CD in a Windows computer, it installs software that does a lot of damage, and creates a "Back door" into your computer.So I bough the album on iTunes.It's a fun album, with some good tunes that have a lot of replay value.I listen to all my music on my iPod, and while I'd rather have the CD as a high quality archive, the fact that the software the CD installs means I can't import the music into iTunes makes it a useless purchase.
As mentioned in other reviews, the CD automatically modifies system files on your computer which even security experts couldn't easily remove. Even if you don't have Sony CDs in the drive, it sucks up your computer resources by continuing scanning your files. WHY IS IT DOING THAT? This is behaviour exhibited by trojans and viruses. Try googling "Sony rootkits" and see the security links. Rootkits are designed to EVADE antivirus and other security programs. The DRM is actually licensed to Sony by another company. Do we know it's not PHONING HOME with surfing, music, etc details (at best) or sensitive personal information (at worst). If we agreed to install the rootkit with the EULA, did we also agreed to be spied upon?I think you would be NUTS to run this on a PC. Use a Mac, Linux or any other non-MS Windows computer for this CD. Just my 2c.
I am highly disappointed in the Van Zant brothers for coming up with this . Have they forgotten their Lynyrd Skynyrd roots? Come on boys, get it together, back to the Lynyrd Skynyrd sound!
Or your grandparents!  They'll love this too, send it to 'em.  Because why send them a card, when you can send them into cardiac arrest?Actually, who COULDN'T love this??  With such heartwarming lyrics like:"I wish I had a c***I'd rub it in your faceI'd shove it in your mouthYou'd really like the tasteThen I'd STICK IT UP YOUR @$$,SHOVE IT UP YOUR @$$,RAM IT UP YOUR @$$!"Needless to say, this album can't be taken seriously.  It's quite hilarious actually.  Hilariously bad.  You'll want to be completely alone when listening to this - or better yet - don't listen to it at all.
As with the soundtrack for Sugarman, I found this to be inconsistant and over all a disappointment.  the artist is much more interesting than his music and I can see why he chose to be 'under the radar' and I do admire him for that....
Like most people here, I imagine, I bought Cold Fact after seeing "Searching for Sugar Man", a documentary about a Detroit singer-songwriter called Rodriguez who made two well-reviewed albums in the early 1970s and then vanished after they flopped. Unknown to him, though, the albums became enormously popular in South Africa where (if you believe the documentary) their iconoclastic undertones helped undermine the apartheid regime.So I bought the CD and listened to it several times and thought "Huh?" I really, really wanted to like this work but there is very little to it. First off, it's short, with just 12 tracks and most of them under three minutes. Secondly, I see little to back up the assertion that Rodriguez was a genius on the same plane as Bob Dylan. It's no doubt unfair to judge music made 40 years ago and yet saying that, most of these songs are quickly forgettable. The one with the most modern-day relevance is the entertaining "This Is Not A Song, It's An Outburst: Or, The Establishment Blues". That said, I can't understand how it could have been billed as a crucial work in the fight against apartheid. It's too slight. The same goes for "I wonder". I've listened to the rest about six or seven times each and couldn't hum you a line from any of them.
this is the only guided meditation i could find for children, but it was much, much too babyish for my 9yo son.  i would say even my 6yo was at the upper age limit for this audience, this cd is suited to the 3-5yo age range, and honestly i don't know many preschoolers who require mindfulness based stress reduction.  i much preferredPlanting Seeds: Practicing Mindfulness with Childrento this cd.
Just not that funny.  I love the idea of the chickens doing the chorus but the whole thing just sounds boring sadly
I must remember to read all details carefully. I thought I was getting the voices of the original Beatles.... Not the case. I was very disappointed. The songs are ok. Just not the original Beatles.  Any way I can return digital music.?
I don't think Amazon.com did enough to warn me that this collection was not by The Beatles themselves. The cover resembled an actual cover of Beatles #1 Hits. I was so caught off guard. I think Amazon.com should refund all customers their money. I guess buyer beware holds true for this item.
I didn't realize when I purchased this, that it is the the Beatles signing, rather it is a tribute band.  If you want the real thing, don't get this...It is my stupidity that I didn't pay attention to what I was ordering I guess.
Still just a cover band and not the actual Beatles. I was looking to buy a Beatles album, not a cover band.
Vocals in modern prog? Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!!! ; - 0The album 'Whose dream' starts off with a nice, zinging instrumental that starts things off quite nicely, not that this sort of thing hasn't been done before. Then comes the title track. While the first half of this song is just plain bland, the second half is possibly the worst music I have ever heard (by any band that is vaguely decent). It sounds likes there are two drummers hammering away out of time, all sorts of shrieking voices all over the place, can't understand a word they say, sounds so amateurish. 'Walk in paradise' is like a longer version of 'Whose Dream', and just as bad.But after I thought they were terrible, 'Handful of rice' is a great song. I can understand the singer and the song itself is really good, like a quality track from any Kansas or Genesis album in the mid-70's. And while 'Flight of the phoenix' and 'Midnight skies' are bland, they are something that is approaching some sort of quality. 'Long Distance Runner' is another good song, not quite 'Handful of rice' good, but 'good'. Sometimes during 'The Deal' the vocals get buried in the mix of echo and the walls of guitar, but it is the  most ambitious and original sounding song here, before there is another brief instrumental.If prog bands come up with amateurish, gaggling mush with a few gems and a bit of promise, that shouldn't automatically facilitate 'we should get signed and become the next Genesis' though they are hardly worse than so many bands since the early 1980's! But many artists never make it, not only prog ones. Maybe 1 and a half stars, but I feel compelled to round up rather than round down.
This is a LOW BITRATE RIP (RIPOFF) of the album. You will be disappointed at the horrible quality of what sounds like possibly a good album. I can't tell for sure--and I'm a fan of the band, DO NOT BUY THIS unless you are desperate.
This album really surprised me and was a disappointment. I have two other of their albums and really love them. This one is just weird and I don't understand how it happened and what they were trying to accomplish???
Judging from the lysergically ecstatic reviews for this album, mine will clearly be a dissenting opinion. EA obviously has a great deal of talent, but apparently doesn't have any idea what to do with it. Most of the tracks on Fight Like a Girl are well-played but hideously overwrought. She seemingly has more pretentions than Diamanda Galas, Danielle Dax, and Lydia Lunch combined. Frankly, her precursors played the psychogirl makes good shtick decades ago. EA adds very little to the Femme Fatale Suicide Crew except her classical pedigree and her veneer of steampunk electrosheen. An artist earns her lyrical pretensions by rising above what she can't overcome and finding a reason for the world's injustice and moral randomness. EA is still in the abyss of self-pity, nihilism, and misanthropy. Maybe she'll grow as an artist, but right now she's little more than Nine Inch Nails for angst-ridden teenage girls.
At first I like them but started to listen to the lyric's and now I can't stand them. Music is good, lyrics are garbage.
No good... All the other albums I would rate 4-5 stars, but this one was phoned in.  It sounds like they've been hanging out in an electronic Hookah bar in each town they toured through.  Someone must have had a child, gotten married, discovered the joy of a rescue dog...Way to happy and super-soft.  Too produced and slick, the opening track sounds like the theme to a Friday night Lights spin-off show for MTV.  Not a gloomy notion on this one, way too angelic & soaring. C'mon guys, yer' way better than this!