(Note: I gave this 3 stars because I feel neutral about this album. I neither like it nor dislike it).I don't own this album, but I listened to this entire album wondering why it didn't sound anything like the Marmalade from the 60s. And so I looked it up and found out it was a debut album by an indie group.For those who enjoy today's indie music, you may take a liking to this album, but for those of us who prefer oldies music, this may not be for us.
I loved the album in the late sixties. I saw the Nice and thought they were were a really great band. Then I grew up.This doesn't hold up. It's laughable. I forgive you kids who like the Jonas Bros.,Milley C. etc.. You'll grow up too.(hopefully)
"Victim Of Love" is probably the most harshly-judged, misunderstood album in Elton's catalog. Every review I've ever read about this album instantly compares it to his other studio albums...but they are missing the point! "Victim Of Love" was never intended as a "let's go in the studio and cut a disco album and jump on the disco bandwagon" release.The story goes like this: While Elton was in Nice, France recording what would become his "21 At 33" album, he was contacted by disco writer-producer Pete Bellotte. Pete was in Munich and told Elton that he had tracks for a disco album and invited Elton to record the main vocals. Being the ultimate music fan, Elton jumped at the chance. The sessions were done basically in one day, and Elton returned to France to continue work on "21 At 33". As Elton himself would say, "this was completely a 'one-off' project".If you keep an open mind, you'll hear that it's quite obvious that Elton is having a ball laying down the vocals. His voice (thanks to some vocal advice on singing in his lower register from producer Thom Bell two years before) was the strongest and most exuberant of any of his previous output up to that point. And wisely, his vocals were allowed to soar over the arrangements. And though the remake of "Johnny B. Goode" may be unthinkable to rock purists, the fact of it is this isn't a rock album.Best tracks are "Warm Love In A Cold World", "Thunder In The Night" (which has just about every Bee-Gees lick you can think of) and the title track, which just plain soars!I give this one 3-stars, partially for the clean, energetic arrangements and his strongest vocals of the 70's, but mostly for being willing to just cut an album for the pure sake of just having a good time...regardless of what the critics would think.NOTE TO AEROBIC INSTRUCTORS: This album is perfect for your classes...lots of energy and a steady, consistent beat.
This experimental album is not as bad as critics are claiming it to be. It is not a top Elton John album, nor is it top in the disco charts, but it does have a good vibe to it. All of the songs are worth listening to; the title track "Victim of Love" is probably the best it's going to get. Personally, I liked "Street Boogie" and the cover of "Johnny B. Goode" but it doesn't compare to the original version. The lyrics on most of the songs are overly repetitive; the beat to the songs is pretty addicting. 3/5.
Orginally,wasn't too familiar with the allman brothers band. I'd heard of them,but was not really in the mood to download them since I have ton of old music that i listen to. I decided to get their best hits album, and I thought most of it was pretty good. I really enjoy their rough garage rock sound, and though the lead singer's vocals were pretty standard for a rock singer. I was afraid that this album would be a bit too much on the country side, but I was glad that they didn't stray away from the rock sound. Overall, my favorite songs that I really like were  southbound ramblin man, and whipping post. I really liked the folksy blueness of this band. They seem to remind me alot of the Doobie Brothers which were propably competing against them in the charts during this time frame.
It was okay, but I did not realize that it was not actually The Beatles.  Had I known, I would not have purchased it.  I was looking for the real thing.
This was Frank Stallone's band created in 1975. It includes the acapella song he performed in Rocky his brother's little movie. He lived over a bakery in Trenton right after this hit and I got an autographed picture from the baker and I went to see the band at Great Adventure that summer. It's a good album but I don't know what the other reviewers are thinking it is but I think they are thinking of a totally different band. [...] is Frank's website. I have the vinyl with my autographed picture somewhere and it brought back some memories but... it's an ok record but I wouldn't say it's a great album.
Disappointing, the richness from the Dance CD, simply it was a let down. But I am still OK with the CD in my library.
From William Cooke this cd is alright but all songs I expected is not on here from when I listened to him back in 1968 in rural south Carolina.
I really love that no two songs sound (completely) alike.  Kudos for Dylan Champion and the boys for experimenting with their sound.  That being said, Power and Sound the Alarm shine mightly above the rest of the songs.  The rest aren't bad, they just aren't as good as those two.
Looks to be Pseudo Sun's (what?) maybe fourth release. Most of you are likely aware this is former Darxtar member Juba Nurmenniemi's band. Didn't exactly knock me out, but I thought 'Atomic Dogs Don't Bark' was okay. Sort of liked the classic heavy-vibed "Mutiny" as well as the eleven-minute "If I Only Had Time" (you can hear some of the semi-obvious Pink Floyd and Hawkwind influences). Then there's the more pop-oriented "Under Water", the '70's space rocker "Shapeshifter" and the fourteen-minute "Atmosfear" where I seem to hear some well played mellotron being put to good use. Line-up: Juba-bass, keyboards & vocals, Jens Linstrad-synthesizer, Mats Jassa Singh-guitar & vocals and Erca Linsward-drums. Nothing to write home about, but fun to pull out for an occasional spin.
Title says it all really - poorly written DRM software on this CD (and others) - just like all the rest of Sony's software.For example - buy a MiniDisc / MP3 player from Sony and they'll chuck in their SonicStage software to do the copying work for you. All well and good, right? WRONG. All it does is crash, over and over again - making the use of your player troublesome. At least iTunes works, and is stable enough to let you use it with your iPod, even if that's all you use it for.Another example - buy a PSP, and Sony will sell you 'Image Converter 2' to transfer your movies to the Memory Stick in the PSP's native video format... great stuff - except it only works with .mpg files, and even then it's buggy as sin. PSP Video 9, on the other hand, works with almost everything, and doesn't fall over all the time - and, above all, is FREE.Third example - buy a Sony device that requires software, and they'll stick it on a CD in the pack. Great - except if you lose or damage the CD. Then you've got to pay Sony a ridiculous price for a replacement. Sony are just about the only company I know of that don't make their drivers and software easily accessible on their website for *all* of their devices, past and present (except for Sony Ericsson - but that's probably not of Sony's doing...)Fourth example - no support for anything other than Windows! It's pretty pathetic when third party companies have to do their work for them when they can't even write the most basic of software tools for other platforms... and they wonder why the Walkman's fallen on hard times...And now this. Over-the-top DRM software that's as poorly written as the rest of Sony's software library... maybe their anti-iTunes stance has something to do with what they think of Apple nowadays?(I've given the review an average rating of 3 stars, because I this isn't Van Zant's fault. This will probably reflect against them for some time - and for all the wrong reasons.)
It's too bad that the ill-advised strategy by Sony/BMG will forever cast a bad note over some good music making artists.This album really has some good music from two long standing southern rockers turned country.  Songs like Takin' Up Space and Help Somebody make this CD notable for the music, but Sony screws it up for this artist and others by creating a CD that rightfully no one will ever want to buy.I see some lawsuits by artists whose careers and royalties will be affected by the stupid mistake from Sony
I bought this CD before Sony pulled it. I really like it alot and play it almost daily in my truck. I was planning to put it on my IPod, but I'm glad I had not done that yet after reading the reviews. I'm even more glad that it was not available for me to purchase as a Christmas gift for someone. I'd hate to know I gave anyone something that screwed up their computer. Thank goodness I haven't loaned it to my office mate who listens to his LEGALLY PURCHASED CDs on the computer as he works.Meanwhile, it is absolutely disgusting that the bad seeds out there, who have actively stolen music, have made it necessary for a company to feel they have to take these steps to protect their investment ... even though the people it has hurt most are the legitimate customers.
The Music is pretty good. There isn't a lot of stylistic breadth, but then the range of feelings presented is pointed, and this makes up for it. The signature track for this album is, IMHO, Takin' Up Space. It's a country rocker in good tradition.There are genres within genres, and this album belongs to the 'tough guy with a tough outlook living a tough life' sub-genre.It has some easier moments too. All round, a good compilation of songs from a pair of accomplished country rockers.BUT...Don't buy the CD. It has VERY bad softare on it.Amazon by now (November 14) must be aware that they are selling Malware - CDs known to contain a badly written "ROOTKIT" that will mess with your computer so deeply it could, quite literally (I have no need for exaggeration here) become a weapon for terrorists, both foreign and domestic, never mind mere idle ex-KGB hackers.If you have already purchased this CD, you should be entitled to a refund, under one law or another.
Obviously this band is Misunderstood, they're some good tracks here. "Could've Been" and "Even Peace has a Price" are actually Good Songs and seem to be better produced. The rest of the album isn't as well produced but they're a couple decent songs there. Listen with your mind not just your ears.
TONE CLUSTERS MAGAZINE"Interesting turn for this artist from his 2001 debut CD'S John Mellencamp-like tales of the regular guy's up's and down's to this, a series of nice moody instrumentals built on ANIMALS-era Pink Floyd chord changes and featuring some slow-burn droning and a bit of guitar flash recalling Dave Gilmour or The Church's Peter Koppes.The tempos are all medium to thereabouts,and I like the Robin Trower twist to 'Tomorrow's Song' and the atmospheric 'Space Station Blues.'I think a few more days on the work bench for the next set of tunes will make the follow-up music to fill the mind as much as this does the room.A good start." -K.E./2003INDIE MUSIC STOP"Ambient music is traditionally defined as a style of music that can envelop the listener without drawing attention to itself. As Brian Eno noted in his discussion of this particular style, ambient music can be 'actively listened to with attention or as easily ignored, depending on the choice of listener.' And while ambient music, as we have come to know it, is often highlighted by a minimal electronic sound, White Stone's instrumental psychedelic outing Journey Into Time very much captures the passive ambient spirit.Indeed, I would argue that Journey into Time is much better suited for the passive listening experience, to be set as background music while engaging in other tasks such as reading, studying, cooking, or cleaning. In this context, all of the songs flow well into one another, creating a unified and coherent barrage of relaxed reverberated guitars that are peppered with occasional random sounds and effects, a sound that leans in the direction of Krautrock bands like Guru Guru and Amon D&uuml;&uuml;l II.Conversely, the album is not as well-suited for active listening. That is, it is not really album to jam out to, as all of the songs maintain the same relaxed tempo and have similar guitar sounds and progressions. In this respect, the album is rather monotone and does not have enough variation from one song to the next to keep things exciting and maintain the listener's attention. For example, while "Space Station Blues" begins with a very interesting experimental guitar part that had me ready for a Fred Frith like freak-out jam, it quickly descended into a very formulaic blues jam that has been done already on 800 other albums since 1945. On the other hand, "Future Tale," the lead-off track, is probably the best song on the album with some very good guitar work that says, "I really know how to play, but I don't need to show off." Ultimately, the concept of 8-minute-plus psychedelic instrumentals works well for a few songs here and there, but not so much for an entire album." -Michael Grillo/April 2007
Metaphor's "The Sparrow" is an album based on the novel of the same name by Mary Doria Russell.  This is the third release from the band, and is an intriguing one.  The concept is the first mission to another inhabited planet (Rakhat), which Earth has discovered by receiving signals which are the music of that alien race.  Metaphor was a group which was formed of musicians that appreciated early Genesis, with an advertisement in the Bay Area which read "Hackett seeks Banks, Rutherford, Gabriel, Collins.  Object: Suppers Ready."  Thus it is no surprise to find the influence of Genesis throughout this album.The album opens with "Inquisition" which sounds almost too much like early Genesis for its own good, but fortunately the group avoids the trap of simply trying to sound like another group.  The subject of the song is the report of Father Emilio Sandoz who is the lone survivor of the mission who is asked for the story, and from there he tells the whole story starting with the "Song from a Nearby Star" an instrumental piece which didn't work for me as the product of an alien race, but neither is it enough to significantly detract from the album.  The group really takes on its own sound with "Deus Vult", a song which tells of the desire of Father Emilio's desire to go investigate the source of the music.  "Stella Maris" is one of my favorite songs on the album, which covers the speculation about what will be found by the crew when they get there.  The arrangement is wonderful and the use of an accordion works very well here, and once again the group displays that it is not just a Genesis sound-alike band."Death in Eden" is about the arrival and the wonders they find, until one of the crew falls sick and perishes.  This is a decent song, though at over 8 minutes long it fails to keep the listener's interest.  "Challalla Khaeri (Hello)" is the song about their finally meeting the aliens (Runa), but as it turns out not the one's they came to find.  At over 11 minutes, this is the longest song on the album, but it is far more listenable than the previous piece due to some wonderful guitar work and a much more complex arrangement.  "Garden Building" is another instrumental piece, and though more interesting than "Song from a Nearby Star" it adds little to the album as a whole.The second half of the album opens with "Sick for What the Heart Wants" which is a slower simpler piece.  This is followed by "Stranded", a piece which is a bit more complex.  The next two pieces are instrumental works titled "Flower Harvest" and "We are Many and They are Few".  These instrumentals are better than the first one's, but still add little to the album.  Next up are "Mother Night" and "God Will Break Your Heart" which are decent songs, but the entire second half of the album is difficult to follow lyrically, and I suspect that one has to read the book to really understand the story.  Even using the synopsis of the story which his part of the lyrics sheet, there are large holes in the story, and without the synopsis the songs make little sense.  The album closes with the instrumental "Afterture".Metaphor took on a large project, and it works on a few of the tracks, and in general it works for about half the album.  However, it feels like they decided to cut it short; perhaps they didn't want to do a double CD release, and so ultimately this album fails in its experiment and I can only give it 3 stars because it is simply too inconsistent in its presentation.  Metaphor are: Jim Anderson (bass); John Mabry (vocals); Greg Miller (drums); Malcolm Smith (guitars); Marc Spooner (keyboards).
The quality of the voice and music is wonderful, but the lyrics seem to be rather misogynistic."I Wonder" is catchy but I felt a bit offended by the insinuational message of intolerance of awoman having multiple sexual partners.
This album has some great songs, but not all of them are great.  His other album has more hits... That being said, I'd still recommend it.
This is an early albumn from 1970, his first.  His second is a release, &#34; Coming from Reality &#34;.  He has not produced more studio recordings but did put out two live album recordings for South Africa and Austrailia.  The soundtrack from &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; - and in 2012, the Sundance Film Festival hosted the premiere of the documentary film.  This documentary was made after fans in South Africa, thinking he had commited suicide, raised enough interest to get Rodriguez into the country for performances and thus this documentary. This early music on Cold Fact is the core of his talents displayed when he was in his prime and he continues to perform due to his fame from this and Sugarman's generated interest. I like Rodriguez and will continue to listen to him on the two Albumn I own and most likely will purchase his next Studio Albumn, if it ever comes out.
This CD is very good especially when you consider when it was recorded.  Why this CD went no where is, indeed, curious.  He could have given Dylan a run for his money.
I saw the documentary Searching for Sugarman and that is what prompted me to buy the CD of Rodriguez. Being born in the mid 60's I still have an interest in what I would consider protest/folk music and clearly Rodriguez could and should be mentioned in the same breath as Bob Dillion or vice versa. I really think Rodriguez could have been the voice of his generation had he caught on in the states. With that being said I'm not sure those born in the 80's or 90's would find the music relevant today but the lyrics as poetry are still moving. My only real complaint would be that my order arrived and only the CD jacket came not the actual CD. To Amazons credit they resolved this issue in one day.
I bought this CD after seeing the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; The sound quality was not the best and the material dating from the sixties was a little dated. The movie was better.
Didn't live up to the hype of the Original Movie Soundtrack cd. Still enjoyable and listenable. Purchase the Movie Soundtrack and it has the best tracks.
I'm from Detroit and remember the music of that era.Cold Fact does retrieve the fond memories, of bell bottom pants, ruffled shirts, and platform shoes.Vocals were good music well, was of the time.A nice journey back.
I got this album because I thought the movie "Searching for Sugarman" was really good. It was just an amazing story. But the music just didn't do it for me. During the movie I thought the music was quite good so I decided to pick up this album. There's there's a few good songs but the album by itself does not stand out. I listened to it about 4-5 times and that was enough for me.I should have just gotten the sound track to the movie.
A couple of the songs are very good and the rest are just okay or not good at all. Disappointing overall
I got this for my son as a gift after seeing the 20/20? Dateline? episode on TV about Rodriguez. It seemed like it was the kind of music my son listens to & he said it was okay.
Again, great story and am empathetic to his unrewarded success.  The music can be a bit boring with the monotone.
We choose this rating because as far as the movie went, it was a good movie, but at our age we wouldn't have enjoyed the music on a regular basis.  My husband realized since our grandson is in a band, he would really enjoyed it and did!So for us, it's 3 stars, but for him, who received it, it's a 5.Pennie
This follow up to the great Lock 'em Away album features Blue Eyed Soul wonder Stefan Anderson and his brother Joe backed by vocalists Rhodes, Chalmers, & Rhodes (Al Green, Bee Gees). Producer Tim Whitsett reunited one of the tightest units in music at the time in bassist Don Barrett, drummer James Stroud, organ/piano man Carson Whitsett, and guitarist Dino Zimmerman.This set is not as strong as their debut effort, but there are highlights including the title track, "Back On the Stage Again", "Mississippi Misery", and a song I just don't have enough superlatives for, the beautiful "Another Day", all from the pen of Carson Whitsett.
The songs are mostly redos by unknown groups trying to copy the original songs. My advise is to listen to the songs first. If you just want the song for songs sake then this is ok but if you want the original group and song pay for the original album.
They are very close to the Beatles and I enjoy listening.But nothing beats the original and wish I had read closer and known that this was not them.
Some of the songs I was not familiar with. Yellow submarine and Dragon song not included. I may have outgrown the Beatles but I hadn't expected to.
My mistake was purchasing this without checking thoroughly! I totally missed where this was a tribute and not the actual Beatles! Oh well, that was my mistake! Anyway I liked this album!
This is not quality, the songs are great but the quality of the digital songs seems to be from the sixties.
I really enjoyed this group when they were under their previous name "Gaia Consort". I liked the starkness of parts of their songs. Now that they are "Bone Poets Orchestra", there's a lot more noise to their style, and I'm not completely sure how I feel about it."Belladonna Smiles" is their first studio album as this group, and I have mixed feelings about it.Track 2, "Spin" is a wonderful dancing song.I love "Scarborough Fair", but I don't like their version (too much noise, not enough variation).I loved track 6, "Interlude at Sunset", although the cello parts are not as adventuresome as I'm used to from this group (different styles from their first cellist to their second, I suppose.)The autotuning on track 8, "It All Disappears", is grating and obnoxious.(It also annoys me that a couple of the track names come up in all lowercase letters on Windows Media Player, but that's a personal idiosyncratic sort of dislike.)I love the opening of track 9, "Pennies for Our Eyes".I appreciated the message of track 10, "Yes", but the execution became a lot of the same sort of thing over and over, and I realized I started tuning it out.Track 11, "Christmas Down South", has always been a song I enjoyed from this group back when it was Gaia Consort, so I'm very pleased that there's a polished studio version.Overall I give it 3.5 out of 5 stars. I don't know how often I'll listen to the whole abum, but there are a few songs I'll definitely add to my MP3 player.
This album is available on the standard 320 mp3 rip and there's nothing wrong with it like the other reviewer suggests. Sound quality is what you'd expect, these guys aren't working with a huge studio budget or anything. If you've bought mp3s on this site and are ok with the sound, there's no reason to avoid this one. This album doesn't seem to be available on any other format as far as I can tell except iTunes.I really loved their first album, Ashes. That one is five stars in my book. It had really good psychedelic rock guitars and the autoharp thrown in works surprisingly well to give them a real unique sound. This album is not bad but the melodies aren't quite as strong. They're not using as much autoharp, they probably don't want to be thought of as a gimmick (completely understandable). Today is All We Have and Wilderness are standout tracks but nothing quite matches the cool intensity of earlier songs like Rain, Ashes and The Path.
I was very excited to see this release, and immediately purchased the MP3 album. By song 3 it was clear that this it NOWHERE NEAR to the quality of New Religion. The songwriting, particularly the choruses (they lack punch!), is just not the same. Fire it Up, Downtown, and Sweet, Bad, & Beautiful are by far the best songs. It seems that they do the worst when they try to "be themselves" rather than emulating/channeling the greats. Oh well. It's probably still worth it for a dedicated fan (who are we kidding? You already have it.) and better than most other stuff out there. Now if I could only get a hold of Loud Minority at a non-import price...
There is something about this crazy girl that keeps me craving her music and wanting another glimpse into her head. Her violin is amazing and she really can do about anything with her voice, both pleasant and not. This CD didn't have the impact that Opheliac did on me. I love several of the songs and there is the same anger/irony that Opheliac had. My main complaint is the flow of the songs. I don't feel like she sings as much in this and there are more songs that seem like she is just rambling off poetry. Also, the music that made her songs both haunting and beautiful just isn't there. A lot more industrial sounding. With that said, I still love the CD. Just a little bit of a let down after Opheliac.
FLAG is the conceptual first set of songs from Emilie's musical-in-the-making. They are excellent songs, but without the full story or song list, it's a little hard to make sense of the story. I am looking forward to hearing the full musical when it's complete.
I like this CD but only some of the songs... I Really liked her Opheliac album and this isn't quite the same.  The CD isn't bad but I wish there would be more songs like &#34;Girls, Girls, Girls&#34; and 'Fight Like a Girl'  but oh well.
This philly based band put out a decent record.  A good mix of psychedelic pop rock.  I will look forward to future material.
the group must of been really ragged out its not the bestlive recordings but not the worst that's it
Debut album from Austin, Texas band&#8212;rhythmic, danceable indie dream pop with a subtle edge of melodic tension.  Pretty & predictable with a celestial shoegaze flow that is occasionally darkened by the roar of guitars and the subsonic sputtering of synthesizers.  The 2nd half of the album pumps up the dark creepiness with more aggressive threads of psych/dissonance and some varied rhythms.  Overall, it&#8217;s a decent album, but lacks enough individual character to warrant a second listen.