this is a really good cd i am not a big fan of elvins voice but that being said this cd is really good despite his voice not being the best
Had I found this small collection before downloading her "Dirty Minds," I would have given Melson's "Five Song EP" higher marks. Yes, all five songs are good, honest, intriguing, but ultimately odd as a collection. A couple of them don't seem to fit, seeming too manufactured, too deliberate. As I write these words, though, that seems too harsh, and probably unfair. I'll just say that in this collection, Melson is still looking for all the good things she gives us in "Dirty Minds." It's a case of good suffering in comparison to great. A perfect example is this version of "Happy Endings" compared to the new version on DM. I own both and listen to both, but will no doubt be listening to "Dirty Minds" 20 years from now.
This is a super fun pretense-free record from a band I first discovered on MySpace. When I was listening to this album, I could smell gasoline, and taste whiskey burn in my throat. This is one of those bands that represents what rock music might be today if the hair bands never came along. there are not many true southern rock bands around today. there are pretenders, like Kid Rock. Dixie Hustler are the real deal. They will make you believers in Southern Rock again in the Mold of bands Like Lynyrd Skynyrd , Molly Hatchet, and more recently, The Regulators. If you like Biker Rock, Southern Rock, Whiskey Drinkin' Rock and just fun hard rock music full of energy and electricity, then Check these guys out on Chevy Sister and Homeward bound and tell me I'm wrong!!!!
The band's final CD out of six tittles, as Electric Family was together from 1997-2007. Other sources may label the band as krautrock although I thought they leaned more in the progressive direction. Tracks on this disc that I favored all clock in around the seven-minute mark like the jamming "Flag", "Souls & Coins" and "Operation "Stardust". Also liked the rocking title cut "Royal Hunt" as "Misty Moon Ride" is good also. As I listen to the disc another time, I seemed to have gotten even more out of "Bitch" which features some nice sitar. Time flies when you're experiencing this genre.
5 stars if it hadn't been for the last track (see below). 4 1/2 if Amazon let me.Casa Diabolo is my discovery of the year. It's hard rock in the Skynyrd and Black Oak Arkansas vein with a 4-guitar driven lineup and the occasional Jim Dandy vocal inflection. "Fly Away", poignant but catchy as hell, is the best song about leaving town I've heard in ages (think Blackfoot's Marauder). "Tear You A New One" is a glorious outpouring of all the bile you wanted to shower on every idiot you've encountered (and haven't there been A LOT?) compressed into a 3-minute anger management admission ticket. Oh, and explicit means explicit - subjects and words - just so you know.Only gripe (and this my pet peeve): in this digital age there's no reason or excuse for a "hidden" track, if there ever was. If you've got music you want to include - just include it and don't mess us about. It's not cute or funny, just annoying. The final track "Turn Off Your Set" is 19+ minutes of silence plus some unnecessary instrumental noise, so buy the download album to save the per-track cost then delete it.
The third volume of Castle Music's British Invasion anthology is now available domestically for digital download. Originally released in 2002, the 56-track collection digs into the Pye Records vault for sides released amid the British Invasion in 1964. The name act most familiar to U.S. listeners is the Searchers (represented here by the lovely "Don't Throw Your Love Away, the love-lorn beat rock "I Pretend I'm With You" and two more), but the real riches are in the lesser known acts. Highlights include Rod and Carolyn's tight duet "Talk to Me," the Monotones' hand-clapping "It's Great," Vandyke & The Bambis foot-stomping Alley Oop-styled "Doin' the Mod," Tommy Quickly's wrought "You Might As Well Forget Him," the Wedgewoods' Seekers-styled "September in the Rain," and Shane and the Shane Gang's terrific train-rhythm blues "Whistle Stop." There are enthusiastic covers of "The Way You Do the Things You Do," "You Can't Sit Down," "Sally Go `Round the Roses" and the Soul Agents' should have scored a double A-side with "I Just Wanna Make Love to You" and "Mean Woman Blues." To be fair, there are also dozens of competent singles and B-sides that rightly made little impression on the UK chart and are unknown in the USA. Still, it's interesting to hear all the things that Pye was throwing at the market to see what would stick. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
Amazing lead guitar by Michael 'Kid Funkadelic' Hampton.
This was an unknown album to me, but Patsy Cline came across in her very powerful and beautiful voice. It was a signature album.
I don't know if I'd say that this is the best of the several "best of's," "greatest hits," and other Tull collections out there, but if you're new to Tull and want to buy one CD to introduce you to the band, this might be the best one to start with.  Yes, it's missing a number of great songs, but it also doesn't have one filler song on there at all, so I think this would be the CD to start with, as it was with me and countless other Tull fanatics.  And if you like what you hear, you can move to "Aqualung," "Thick as a Brick," etc.
Another purchase after an Amazon sampling. This is my first Swampdawamp disc, and won't be my last. Since I am lousy with descriptions, please sample the album and decide for yourself.
I would be the first to admit that I haven't listened to this album in years, though I did play the title track in spin class a few months ago.  Listening to it again I begin to realize that it like it much more now than I did when it first came out.  You have to accept that it's Elton going for that quasi disco-rock sound that Donna Summer created with "Hot Stuff" and "Bad Girls", and if you like that sound you'll like this as well.  I find it more fun than the Thom Bell Sessions which did yield "Mama Can't Buy You Love" as a hit - which is a great song - but this album is a little closer to Elton's sound.Much as some of you may hate to hear it, everyone did at least one disco album or a disco cut of some kind back then - dare we forget The Rolling Stones "Miss You?" So for those who love Elton, (just to hear him work the rhythmic aspect of those lyrics is worth it) give it a shot.  After all, "Philadelphia Freedom" is just another dance song as well.FYI "Born Bad" is another fun cut on the album.
FYI, track 11 is Wasted Words....mislabeled...Decent compilation, I have to agree with others if you're starting out and want studio tracks.
great to hear this music again as it seems its lost in time. Like any era of music, music moves as fast as the speed of change. Still great hits and songs.
This is a great collection for those wanting to revisit or update their collection of Southern Rock.  It is also an excellent introduction to the Southern Rock of the late sixties/early seventies, since this was one of the signal groups of the period.
Would've loved it if the .MP3s were like in 320 kbps instead of like 192.  Why, why!? ???
Good selection of songs. Sound is excellent. One song....the one with Ricki Lee Jones ( Makin' Whoopie ) is louder than the rest.
big chief say, a-lye-o!  a-lye-o  ...... you dem indians in treme?  den youse gunna like diss itchy poo park yeah
A tribute band for Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band and they blew me away as the concsrt was free to me and they did a full blown Lynyrd Skynyrd Freebird.
I picked this album up based on hearing "Evaporate" on Pandora.  I feel that Evaporate is a great pop-rock song with some great vocal melodies going on.  Somewhat sadly, that is the best track on the album, but there are a few others that are pretty catchy as well.  However, I gave this album 4 stars because even the non-standout tracks are pretty good and consistent.  This is an album I find myself putting on when I need some good background music.  It's a pretty easy going album that is generally pleasant to listen to front-to-back, but you probably won't find yourself singing along with every track.
At least as good as their other disc I've heard - 'Atomic Dogs Don't Bark' (see my review). As most of you reading this review already know, Pseudo Sun is former Darxtar member Juba Nurmenniem's band. Really good heavy space rock to fully experience here. Tracks that had me playing this CD several times over were the Darxtar-like "The Future Rears It's Ugly Head", "Fulcrum Of Time" (reminds me of Alan Davey / Bedouin), the awesome "Secrets Of Time" and the twelve-minute "Signs Of Life". If you're a fan of later day Hawkwind, Alan Davey, Darxtar (of course) or say Omnia Opera then you should get a lot from this disc.
Progressive instrumental musings that range from the quiescent to the dramatic. 21st Century Music, I'd say.I have featured this group on two episodes of my radio show.
It seems as though no attempt was made to remaster this material.  This was clearly taken from a vinyl source rather than the master tapes.  The result is quite poor... shrill highs, no lows and lots of pops and cracks.  I've heard a few fan-created CDs of this material over the years... almost ALL of them have sounded better than this "official" release.It's worth noting that, while not perfect, it is absolutely fantastic to be able to own this again, especially at such a low price point.The four songs featured throughout the story are surely dated, but that only adds to the nostalgic charm of this release.  The musicians and singers are top-drawer, despite the silly lyrics being delivered.  The story is compelling enough to override the 70's pop.  It is a retelling of Spider-Man's origin within the framework of a kidnapping caper.  The Kingpin is a the main villain and Doctor Strange is also present.  This story has a much harder edge than most kids' albums of the time.  The material could prove to be a bit too scary for some youngster.  The voice actors do a fantastic job from start to finish.Recommended without reservations despite the terrible "remastering".  It's essentially a low-grade vinyl rip of a really fun and well-produced album.  It will appeal primarily to the nostalgia crowd, but today's kids would probably get sucked into the story as well.  An essential purchase at below $2.00.
Not sure what the other reviewer is talking about, I have this CD and was able to rip it to my Zune just fine.  Hopefully the review will be removed as it has nothing to do with the music at all.Got this on sale a while back, and if you enjoy other sixties "garage-esque" bands such as the Mooney Suzuki, Len Price 3, etc. you will enjoy this one a lot as well.  Haven't heard about this band doing anything else, but hopefully they will release something new down the pipeline?  Most certainly worth a listen.
Punishing me for buying a legit copy is not acceptable. Wake up. I'd love to get this cd, I read the reviews elsewhere and it sounds like I'd like to own it. But I will not buy a cd that forces me to overcome sophisticated copy-protection in order to personally use it. Can I hear an "Amen!"?
Wow!  Johnny & Donnie Van Zant put out another album together (this time a country album).  Personally, I think it's quite good.  We get a variety of songs that are hard rock country and some softer songs (the rockin' ones are better).  "Takin' Up Space", "Help Somebody", "I Know My History", and "Doin' Alright" are the main hilights of the album.  I don't really care too much for "Lovin' You" and "Plain Jane" or the remake of "Sweet Mama" from Vicious Cycle.  Let me warn you that not all Skynyrd/38 Special/Van Zant fans will like this album.  If you're not into today's country music, then you may feel a little let down when you listen to this one, but you should listen to it a few times before you really decide.  If this is the first album by these guys that you've heard, you NEED to check out Brother To Brother and Van Zant II.  They're even better!  Good job, guys!  You rock!
I stream Pagan Spiritual music on Fridays. Skyypilot's &#34;Wild Green Yonder&#34; is a solid addition to the mix. Too much Pagan music is moody and new agey while Skyypilot rocks!
Psychedelic goth rock with some folk sprinkles and a cool lethargic feel and attitude, less noisier than other Crook projects like Renderers and generally a bit easier accessible. Plus: Cogle's charismatic and recognizable singing (although it's a shame that Maryrose didn't get much vocal parts - love her voice). Minus: 2-3 weaker tracks and not the most varied songwriting in general. All in all a pretty good album with a few minor flaws.
I only got into the post rock sound over the past year or so.  Explosions in the Sky and Mogwai are the two groups I really enjoyed before I gave Joy Wants Eternity a shot.  Wow!  This group has achieved something that is truly amazing.  If you're wondering what they sound like, the best way I can describe it is to simply tell you to check out the album cover.  The cover perfectly describes this music.  "Uriel" is the first song I heard by this group and I was stunned.  The layers of sound within this seemingly simple song is overwhelming.  Check out the transition at roughly the 2:12 mark to hear just how beautiful this group's music can be.  As if that track wasn't enough, I still wanted to sample more before making a purchase.  I listened to "Above the Clouds Lies Eternal Sun" and was immediately sold.  The intro to this track is quite simply one of the most beautiful pieces of music I've ever heard.  I had to learn it on my guitar the same night I first heard it.  Pick this one up!
Never even -remotely- heard of this high-decibel power heavy rock band before. But, I sure like what 'Hell Tonite' has to offer. Gig was recorded at an undisclosed venue in Boston in 1979. Lot of these tunes do tend to sound familiar but I couldn't for sure tell if they're all covers or (at least) half of these songs might be original material. Tracks that I couldn't get enough of were the rocking "Love The Way", "Counter Attack", "Forever & Ever", their ass-kicking cover of the Standell's "Dirty Water", their -happening- ballad "Got Past You", their skillfully-played cover of Slade's "Mama Weer All Crazee Now and (as it turns out) an original of theirs "Hot For Teacher". I really thought it would be the Van Halen song. I give this disc a four-star for it's AC/DC / Van Halen / Aerosmith wanna-be vibe alone. Recommended.
Great album to kick back and mellow out.  White Hidden Fire is the No.1 track in my mind. It reminds me of how good of a guitar player Neil Young could be. Lots of late 60's early 70's vibes. Every track is a winner. If Amazon would let me, I would give it another half a star.
Sky Saxon is still around and still making music that has an edge on it.  In just the last four years he has released two albums of garage-y rock and roll, Red Planet and Transparency.  And on this 2005 release he and a band of gypsies pull back and go into more of a trance-inducing, hypnotic groove.  My wife is going to start doing yoga to this record.  I like to close my eyes to it and go off into the reverie it induces.  A little bit of a reggae groove happens at times, but mostly this is acid-drenched gypsy music, something the Animal Collective have probably been studying very closely.
This two-CD band from from Sacramento has been officially tagged as 'gospel punk'. I consider it to be rather fine 21st-century hippie rock you could say. Every bit as good as their 'Free Energy' effort (see my review). Tunes that I was most impressed with were "American Crank", the rocking "Submarine", "Pink Shoes" [which sort of maybe reminds me of - say the New York Dolls], "Losing My Way", the heart-warming "Mom", the low-key punk rocker "Come Over", the awesome "Runaround" and the nine-minute far-out there "Miranda Jean / Tina Mercury" (almost worth the admission price alone). Personnel: Lauren Devine - vocals, Mike Diaz - guitar, keyboards & vocals, Steven Cotterill - guitar & keyboards, Chris Loental - bass and Sean Kehoe - drums & percussion. Recommend for fans of Outrageous Cherry, the Warlocks, Cinema Red And Blue and (maybe) early AC/DC. Truly, a must-have.
There are so many styles that can be heard in each of these songs, a combination of sounds of the 60's and 70's. From super mellow to the high energy blues of Naugahyde. This is a CD one would put on when the idea is to let you thoughts take a break and your body to relax. It is somewhat primitive in it's structure not many breaks and very few methodical endings, still it doesn't suck and that's a fact.
I like Spider works because the singer Chris Vigil was my friend in high school. I enjoy the music. Shiver!
I saw his story on a documentary and was immediately intrigued. After listening to the music, I can see why he might be an icon for that era.
I was listening Rodriguez first time while travelling around Africa in a little white van with the worst tape recorder ever; and that's the way to listen him. You do not need bass boost, expensive stereo system, etc; you'll keep listening the most interesting and questioning lyrics and the most genuine instruments unpolished. If you feel bored, depressed or confused - stick "Cold Fact" on and quaranteed, you can feel only better about the world you're living in!
wonderful discovery of "lost" talent great music and lyrics best of all a home spun talent finally reaps the fame and notoriety  befitting a true artist. all fourComing from Realityof the currently available Rodriquez cds are a pleasure to have and listen to.Cold FactSearching For Sugar ManSearching for Sugar Man (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
An opportunity to discover a long-lost musician/composer. A touch of Dylan with the musicality of Donovan makes this a pleasant trip through the land of 60's social rock.
I am so happy they made the movie Searching for Sugar Man, cause after seeing the movie I could not believe his music did not make it at that time. Great stuff.
This CD is fine but do not like it as much as Coming from Reality. I have nothing more to say.
How'd I miss this the first time around?  These songs sound like what Bob Dylan would have sounded like, if only he could sing instead of just mumble.
see above review--covers the topic.  liked his story more than i loved his music but definitely worth listening to just to support an amazing character.
Cold Fact really IS the lost album of the early 70's.  Given its amazing popularity recently thanks to the award-winning film Searching For Sugar Man, it's truly extraordinary how this album went from totally obscure into... *this*.  A monster of worldwide acclaim!  Boy I can't tell you how many albums I've heard from the 60's and 70's that I secretly wish would receive the same kind of sudden burst in popularity!  I can think of thousands that deserve it."Sugar Man" is a somber tune with eerie arrangements giving it a feel of oddness that's unmatched by anything I've actually heard from the early 70's.  The memorable vocal melody eventually goes away as these sound effects take over.  I have a feeling if I'd seen the movie Searching For Sugar Man I'd better understand the meaning behind the line "Won't you hurry because I'm tired of these scenes, for the blue coins won't you bring back, all those colors to my dreams".  The song gets downright haunting near the end due to the way the vocals fade away at the end too."Only Good for Conversations" (certainly not me- I'm not a good speaker at all!) reminds me of Amon Duul II's "Stumbling Over Melted Moonlight" due to the fuzzy electric guitar riff.  "Crucify Your Mind" has low-pitched vocals that remind me of Neil Diamond's vocal style quite a bit (minus the theatrical and lounge elements- just the voice alone).  The song is based around a very gentle simplistic melody but it works really well.  "This Is Not a Song, It's an Outburst: Or the Establishment Blues" is a Bob Dylan imitation in both the vocal mannerisms and the political lyrics.  Not quite as creative as the stuff Dylan was doing at the time, but interesting nonetheless.  The lyrics are somewhat hard to make out for whatever reason.  Definitely not the production making the lyrics hard to make out- it sounds VERY clean.  Clearly extra work was done to make the production sound as good as possible."Hate Street Dialogue"... speaking of hard to understand lyrics.  "I tasted hay streets hanging tree?"  Oh wait, it's "I've tasted hate streets hanging tree".  Not sure what the lyrics are about but they're sung passionately so I assume Rodriguez really means them.  Of course I'm also not making fun of them by any means- it's my inability to understand the words after all.  "Forget It" is mellow Jim Croce-style meaningful soft rock (with horns).  For some reason the melody makes me think of James Taylor's "You've Got a Friend".  I like the lyrics "Thanks for the time, and you can thank me for mine, and after that's said forget it".  "Inner City Blues" is more Dylan mannerisms with great lyrics and vocal melodies.  "Now you hear the music but the words don't sound so clear" is ironic considering the difficulty I'm having understanding Rodriguez's lyrics so far. :)"I Wonder"... how many times you had s... nevermind!  Brings up a good point though- I wonder the same thing!  I think we all do.  I actually wonder if people turn into dinosaurs the moment I walk away from them.  A very beautiful song about wondering over many of the biggest questions and uncertainties of life.  "Like Janis" has a FANTASTIC lyric- "Your selfishness is your cardinal sin".  Yes it is!  It seems like the more selfish I become concerning anything, the more I pay for it later on.  That's why I've become significantly less selfish over the years.  I've learned my lesson alright!  This is a very powerful and meaningful lyrically-stimulating song and I'm totally serious."Gommorah (A Nursery Rhyme)" is one of the weaker songs.  This song is written in an undeveloped kind of way quite like, to name one example, Captain Beefheart's "China Pig".  At least in this case the melody quickly switches in a different direction during the chorus as children sing in the background.  Rodriguez had the sense to take something so uninteresting and make it work MUCH better than most artists.  Unfortunately the addition of the children makes this particular part of the song sound like a nursery rhyme.  "Rich Folks Hoax" is a strange song with colorful lyrics and a hurried pace.  "Jane S. Piddy" is probably the biggest Bob Dylan inspiration here, especially the way the acoustic guitar strums and Rodriguez sings sincerely.  Not that I care at all who he resembles mind you- this is great music either way.Overall well I probably prefer Coming Into Reality a little bit more, but for anyone who admires Bob Dylan, Nick Drake and Jim Croce, this is for you.  Rodriguez does have his own unique style despite resembling other artists of the time, and there's plenty of sincere lyrics and mood changes to recommend this album to everyone.
Good music just doesn't get old . Hard to believe this dude waqs so unknown at the time the writing of this music .
Imagine Prine and Dylan as unknowns......Rodriguez was unearthed as an ancient artifact which has overwhelmed today's music audiences around the world.
An activist singer who charms the audience with his smooth singing and guitar strings. Why he was dismissed in the USA and gained fame in South Africa is a puzzle.
I became interested in Rodriguez after seeing Searching for Sugarman.  Some of the songs seem dated - very 70s.  Others are really timeless.  Definitely a good addition to the collection.
Most of the songs are really catchy and memorable.  There are two songs that I skip over, the rest I really enjoy alot!
After seeing the fantastic documentary of Rodriguez, I bought this DVD  as a gift so I am unable to give it a review.
This is a really solid album and really after listening to it, the album should have been known back in the day.  If you haven't heard Rodriguez buy this album
Good old straight from the heart song-writing. I couldn't resist this CD after seeing the movie, Searching for Sugarman. It's the best. An amazing talent!!!
Just found out about Rodriguez and only listened to the album once all the way through, but already hooked!!!  I'd even give it a 4.5*, awesome lyrics, written 30+ yrs ago, but never more relevant!!!  Great musician with something meaningful to say in a beautiful way!!Sounds like a combo of many of the great 60's bands(Dylan, Nillson,Jethro Tull, Donovan, Jefferson Airplane...), but his own awesome style too!!!
I loved the documentary &#34;Searching For Sugarman&#34;, and the hard facts of this beautiful man's life - how he embraced life without bitterness, sought so little materially in his life, and how gracefully he accepted fame.
I loved the movie about Sugarman and that is why I bought the CD.  Find myself singing this all the time.  Sorry ittook so long to find him.
If you watch the documentary, you'll want the music. It should have been the other way around. Great voice, great lyrics, great musicianship. A lost 1970s treasure.
My son mentioned the documentary on Rodriguez to me and I was able to watch it and was absolutely amazed at this kind and talented man.  Music is good and hard to believe he couldn't sell in the 70's as he is Dylanesque
an unusual style - wouldn't want a steady diet of this recording - but good for a change of sound
Like most folks I'd NEVER EVER heard of Sixto Rodriquez until I saw the documentary &#34;Searching Sugaman&#34;.  I guess I'm ahead of most folks.  I'd heard albums and cuts from the Brunswick Label when I was a kid back in the 40 projects.. but I'd never heard of the man or his music. Like many... after hearing/viewing the documentary I had to do the right and buy his music if for nothing else but to put some long delayed coin in the brothers pockets.  Dues, he's paid enough for an Army of overlooked and ripped off musicians.  Clear of voice... lyrical of mind, I've listened to this album in heavy rotation since I scored it.  I hope that Mr. Rodriquez realizes at long last what a great contribution he's made to popular music.  I thank him for his work.Worf
Another keeper, my understanding that the documentary has created a bit of a  cult following and a revival for Rodriquez.
First, see the amazing  DVD &#34;Searching for Sugarman.  Then you will know why you need this record of a musician who is bigger than Elvis Presley in South America, but unknown in his own America.
First watch &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; then buy the CD to hear some interesting words interpreted as well played music; repeat over and over.
Rodriguez is a great artist and part of a fascinating story. I don't think the producers knew what they had, therein lies the problem. Was he Donovan, a Mexican Dylan, the Doors, Barry Maguire or Sonny and Cher?. You can hear all of this in the production. It sounds to me that the producers couldn't wait for Rodriguez to stop singing so they could blast away at you with their synthesizers, bells, whistles, obnoxious noises etc. Apparently, all of this was added after Rodriguez recorded his tracks. The song 'Sugarman' is an inner city scream. The producers tried to make it something spacy and surreal. There are other cuts with the same overkill. The production just may be the reason the record didn't sell. If the producers didn't know what they had, how could the public identify? In person, Rodriguez is a mesmerizing performer and a great artist ahead of his time. Our loss. I think he had much more to say. In spite of the production, buy the cd. Rodriguez is great, too bad the producers didn't know what to do with him.
Very cool...captures the era. Good stuff, timely. Take a good listen to this and see what we all missed back in the day.
Most tracks are exceptional. I think I would buy more of his stuff if it was available. Can't wait to see the movie!
Inspiring song with an equally inspiring voice.I'm glad people started recognizing him.I loved the way he tells the story in his song.
I purchased this CD after seeing the movie &#34;looking for Sugar Man&#34; and it was great to hear the whole album, however I was unprepared for how amateurish or primitive some of the sound effects sound now, some are downright squeaky, but the songs are of course classics and some melodies very lyrical.
Good, but not as stimulating sound-wise (maybe a bad mix) than Coming from Reality. The band and Rodriquez sound more muted, not right on the mikes.
Love his voice and style when we saw the documentary of him &#34;Finding Sugarman&#34;. Am very much .enjoying the CD Cold Fact.
This is a great album.  Too bad it took so long for the rest of the world to discover him.
We are fortunate to finally have access to this marvelous voice.  I often find myself wondering what it's been like for him to witness the degradation of his home city.  May Detroit revive as a vital manifestation of arts and industry!
I like this CD because of Rodriguez's story.  Like all of his music, it is very 70's in style but his poetry is awesome.  He deserves some support.  That is part of the reason I ordered his CD's.
I became interested in this artist after watch the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman.&#34; It was very interesting and I enjoyed the music being played throughout the movie. Too bad this artist has not had the opportunity to do more.
Very much like Bob Dillon. All songs are good.
Great, but Coming from Reality has more substance. Get both and you will not miss out. Excellent cd's and I'd like more.
Had not heard of Rodriguez before TV's "60-Minutes" did a feature on him yesterday, Sunday, October 7, 2012. Their excellent Rodriguez feature video, along with several other Rodriguez videos and several Rodriguez links, are all on the one web page, on the show's "Overtime" website atcbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=7424704nGlad they did him on Sunday's program, this album is good.
This is a great debut &#34;album&#34; that stands the test of time. If you haven't checked out Rodriguez's story, do so!
I read the story about the forgotten singer, Rodriguez. Went to see the documentary,beautifully done by the way . He was well known in South Africa but unknown to many people in the US. If you're the type that likes something different then try Rodriguez,is not only the voice but the lyrics that are hunting. He most definitely stay in your mind  for a while.
Till now I didn't know Rodriguez singer. First and foremost I have discovered a pure heart that sang  what he felt inside. Everything speaks for itself in this sense, it has always maintained a humble and respectful sense of humanity towards others even now who has more than seventy years. His music is simple too in spite of the texts, but goes straight to the heart. We can only regret that we had lost an author of his caliber for many years, but fortunately eventually we found!
Rebellious, politically sensitive for the times (not), radical and yet there is a message to be heard and pondered. Oh yeah, good music also :)
I have not heard this CD for a very long time, and tried for a long time to get hold of it, which I eventually did. A lot of people have never heard of Rodriquez and do not appreciate his music, but I think you have had to  have grown up with it, but it is very easy to get into. The only bad thing  I can say that the quality/sound of this CD is very very poor, I have  played it on various systems, and it just doesn't have a great sound, but  Rodriques you are great!
I recently say the award winning film &#34;Searching for Sugarman &#34; after seeing that it had won the Oscar for best documentary. I was going to see it at the theater , but it left a few weeks after it got there , so I didn't have the chance. I saw it in a Redbox DVD rental station at the local Walgreens , so  thought I would give it a chance.  It's a very entertaining film , telling the story of fleeting fame for a guy named Rodriguez , who was from Detroit and sounds like a cross between James Taylor , Bob Dylan , with maybe a little Van Morrison thrown in . The music has a very 70's feel to it , it's somewhat overproduced , with horns and strings in the background, and kind of a lush sound going on. The film was how Rodriguez never really made it in America , for whatever reason , but , somehow was kind of a cult hero across the world in South Africa , due to his somewhat revolutionary lyrics, and the banning by the government of his music during the apartheid regime. I like Rodriguez , I walked away from the film not knowing much about Rodriguez , but wanting to hear more from him , and wishing him success in his now awakened career.
Discovered him in the movie Searching for Sugarman. Great film and wonderful music. So glad the documentarian found him and let him be known to the world again!
We who grew up in the sixties who grew from Rock & Roll to become folkies will really enjoy the music and words of Rodrigues.  The rhythms are catch the words profound and the ideas leave us having to think positively of ourselves and the world around us.  I will love shearing sheep to these rhythms.
Inspiring story of this looked-over folk singer.  I love the tunes!!!!  It sounds like an early Dylan album.  I wish I had known his stuff before.
He sings of hard times, needing a fix, grimy streets but comes up with the musing song, I Wonder. I found myself reading the words of the song so I could sing along.
This is a good album, made more interesting by the story as told in the documentary.  While not great music, it is a personal statement of the type that used to be done, but is rare if not extinct today.
My comments regarding &#34;Coming From Reality&#34; cover this album as well.  Though I can't yet rank him with the best folk singers of all time, he certainly deserved more attention than he got back in his prime!
Everyone should watch the movie &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;, then go out and buy the album. No one who enjoys music, will be disappointed.
I first heard the songs of Sixto Gonzalez a few months ago when I found a movie called &#34;In search of Sugar man&#34;. I instantly liked the style of the music. Although the music was produced in the 1970's, it still fits in with today's music trends. The music and voice should appeal to those who enjoy relaxing with music with good lyrics and a great voice and style. Very similar to Bob Dylon and from the same era. This music would be of interest to people from mid 30's and older.
A peculiar album, but honest and very interesting. The lyrics were way ahead of the times, and some musical effects were also not ready at the time. In the 21st century, it may feel a bit outdated but it quickly catches on. I bought it after seeing &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; and was pleased.
So happy he finally receieved recognition in his own country.  Original songs pertainent to the time period they were written.  The message of his music shows that things haven't changed that much. He has a good voice and you are able to understand what he singing.  The documentary about Rodriquex called Searching for Sugar Man was outstanding and a must see if you haven't yet.
It has been fun to watch the documentary about Rodriquez on the Starz network. I believe it is calledSerching for Sugarman. Most all of his songs are played and it is a facinating story.
We had lost album years ago and the video &#34;Sugarman&#34; spurred us to buy it again. Totally satisfied and recommend.
Beautiful work from a guy who was not properly appreciated in his early years.  Took another country and a 60 Minutes segment to get him the exposure he deserves.
I was so smitten with the movie Searching for Sugarman (about Rodriguez), that I purchased the CD.  I love his lyrics and really like his voice. What a shame we didn't get to know him earlier!
The song writing style is a little dated for 2013, but the lyrics are very excellent. I highly recommend this CD for songwriters.
This was just as good as Searching for Sugar Man, there are several song that are also on Searching for Sugar Man. Was very disappointed that the CD skipped in several spots!
Sixto Rodriguez has some very strong lyrics, but they are original and real. We are happy we purchased this CD.
the record is fine. The quality of the recording is not excellent. This may be due to the quality of the master used.
I love this CD.Rodriguez is not well known but after watching a documentary on him I thought I would try the CD.  Very different.
Learned of Rodriguez through Waiting for Sugar Man and now he is a standard on our playlist.  Get this album- kitschy cool.
Good to hear it on  Sat. morning.  I did see the movie, and listening to it makes one sad to think that Rodriguez had all this talent and went nowhere.  It is kind of dated, but it's kind of like listening to old Bob Dylan records, there is no statute of limitations.
I saw the movie about Rodriguez's life which led me to purchase the CD.  His music is time.  I have enjoyed listening to it and find the story about his life fascinating.
Quite different in his approach to music. Not music to sleep by, but more for a Sunday morning house cleaning, upbeat kind of music..
"Cold Fact" is an outstanding collection of tunes that deserves the recognition that is now being thrust upon it. The songs were superbly produced with professional session musicians years ago, featuring psychedelic sound effects that resonate throughout the recording. I recommend that you buy this well produced disc to not only enjoy the music of Rodriguez in digital splendor, but to also ensure that the artist receives the royalties that he has been boldly denied over the years.Rodriguez played many of these tunes live at a solo gig a few weeks ago in Detroit at the Old Miami Lounge in the Cass Corridor. There was a CBS crew there interviewing him outside the club before the show for an upcoming episode of the 60 Minutes TV show to air in October. It was an impromptu gig and also somewhat surreal to witness him performing in 2012, after 40 years of relative obscurity, fame had eluded him even in his own hometown. The crowd was filled with young hipsters, old sages, suburban thrill seekers and everyone in between. His music radiated warmth and soul and he was somewhat chipper between tunes, exchanging jokes with the audience, while pondering aloud his new found fortune.What surprised me was that he appeared frail at the relatively young age of 70. (Maybe all those years of doing construction work in the city has taken its toll on his body). Nevertheless, his mind was sharp, his politics intact, and his convictions appeared stronger than ever. High upon the outdoor stage behind the bar, he struck an imposing shadow over those that witnessed the performance, like a modern day shaman spouting poetic wisdom to the masses. His message was clear in this election year: The man has always kept the working class down, but that's no excuse to not make your voice be heard, to not exercise your rights as a citizen to vote or protest the status quo.  My take away from seeing him up close and in person, away from the big screen, is that he is a thoughtful man that tells it like it is.  And amazingly, somehow, after all this time, what was relevant in Rodriguez' words from decades ago is still true today. It's a cold hard fact indeed.
Where was this artist when I was looking for more of his work?Not the best quality by today's standards, but good album; good artistI understand from Finding Sugar-Man documentary that Rodriquez did not receive most of his fees as artist and songwriter; especially from South Africa and Australian record companyThat's a shame!
Rodriguez is in the same group as Dylan. One to get to know as far as his music. I believe you will enjoy his style of music. The lyrics are timeless. Add to your collection. Get your's  today......
Fun tunes with deep insight.Kinda haunting. (Sugar Man)Buy it, I hope Rodriguez is getting a fair cut from these!  He waited too long!
Just too good. It is one of those albums that a person can listen, enjoy and reflect. A very satisfying piece of work.
Americans should have appreciated this artist more.  His music was right with the times and I still enjoy it today.
I bought this CD along with Rodriguez' CD Coming from Reality as a result of seeing the movies Searching for Sugar Man.  Although I am not a rock and roll fan, I found this music interesting and understandable because I could understand the lyrics.
Southern Soul session men may be the best in the biz, combining dynamic musicianship with a less is more approach. The Malaco Records house band backed the label's stars (Bobby "Blue" Bland, Little Milton, Johnnie Taylor, etc.) and became in demand for Pop icons like Paul Simon and Connie Francis.In 1995, Memphis engineer Danny Jones and B3 organ maestro Carson Whitsett recorded this set featuring Whitsett's first rate Malaco mates Don Barrett (bass, lead vocals) and guitarist Dino Zimmerman. They were joined by Country music keyboardist Gene Sisk and drummer Jimmy Hyde, who lends his gritty vocals to three of the album's nine vocal cuts.Besides the last track (Barrett) and the superb cover of the William Bell/Booker T. Jones Soul classic "I Forgot to Be Your Lover", all songs were written by Carson Whitsett, some in tandem with long time writing partner Dan Penn. Critical darling and cult figure in Blues circles Dalton Reed later recorded "They Say", while "Clean Slate", complete with perfect Whitsett organ solo, was later cut by Latin Soul man Coco Montoya. Other standouts include the funky instrumental "Backslidin'" and the epic "Smoke-Filled Room" which was also recorded by The Queen of New Orleans R&B;, Irma Thomas.
I loved loved loved the 1969 hit single "Hot Smoke and Sassafras" by this one-hit-wonder band, but didn't know anything about the band's other recordings until I came across this during an Amazon MP3 sale. The Texas group released one album during its original incarnation, "A Gathering of Promises," before breaking up in 1970 (actually changing names and switching labels, but never had another hit and then broke up). This 7-song collection of "true mixes" includes the hit, as well as four previously unreleased proto-metal tracks that capture the energy of the times as well as a later live recording "The Puppy Jam- 1984" that clocks in at over 13 minutes. Ah, psychedelia...
Another happening psychedlic / space rock band coming to you from the UK. Believe they also have a five-track EP out + they're currently working on CD number two. Good thing - because these guys have something to say. Thoroughly dug this disc's tunes like the seven-minute "Into The Ether", "All Said And Done" (good fiddle-playing) the title cut "Showtime" (nice acoustic song, with inspiring lyrics), another seven-minute piece "These Days" and "Theme". Line-up: Gregg McKella - guitar, keyboards, clarinet, effects & vocals, Andy McDonald - bass, Steve Teers - synthesizer & djembe, Stephanie Graffitti - fiddle and Wayne Collyer - drums. Fans of - say Asteroid No. 4, Outrageous Cherry, Marshmallow Overcoat, the Byrds and and possibly Litmus should get a lot from this title.
Remember all these songs so well.  On this particular album some of the songs do not sound like the original for example, in a godda divida. Overall a good collection of tunes.
I thought the mix of songs is a good combination to share with easy listening.  I would recommend to others.
All the greats but...if you've been spoiled by all the covers of these great songs, you may be a bit disappointed.  These were recorded before the "wall of sound" effect became so popular. After hearing different versions with what sounds like a full orchestra backing them up, it sounded odd to listen to the original recordings with just a few basic instruments. But hey, if these songs weren't so great, there wouldn't be so many covers!
Interesting Japanese reinventing of 80's/90's pop rock 'n roll.  Shades of Lenny Kravitz but better -- more meaning to the songs.
'Inui 4' is (obviously) Acid Mothers Temple's main player Kawabata Makoto's fourth solo CD in a series of his work he'd done for the VHF label several years back. Here, you get just one track - the title cut "Ryo" clocking in at 67:51. Only downside of a CD as such with a single tune is that (all too often) they are a bit tough to do a proper review of. What I can tell you in that the lengthy "Ryo" does start out a bit slow + the fact that in the song's final twenty minutes, it very much resembles some really nice glissando guitar in the vein of what Gong mastermind Daevid Allen would probably bring into the works.
"Only" four stars for this one, since I'm stingy. It's really very good, but falls just a shade short of Doomsday Afternoon and some of the top progressive out there. A very nice work, however, and certainly worth the price of admission. Distinguishing it in my mind from some of Phideaux's earlier work is the occasional saxophone, which give this a wonderful Tull Passion Play vibe (I'm a passionate Passion Play fan). The vocals are also very well put together (headphones recommended). As usual very nice use of "period" instruments (hammond, piano, clavinette, analog synths).
I was a big fan of this band in the 70s when they used to play the local club circuit in Northern Ohio. Freeport featured the twin lead guitars of Roger Lewis and Dennis Stredney, Craig Holt on Bass, Kevin Raleigh on keyboards (before he went on to fame with the Michael Stanley Band), and Bill Stallings on drums, later replaced by Myron Grombacher who went on to play with Pat Benatar.This was a band best served up live, and this album does little to capture the energy and excitement of their live shows, but hey, it's a piece of history nonetheless. I know they had recorded a second album, but alas it was never published...would love to see those tapes resurface somewhere.Anyway, some fun tunes I never thought I'd hear again after I sold my turntable and vinyl collection. It only gets four stars because the recording itself is kinda flat.
I saw this band at least a few times back in the day. (They even played at my senior prom!) Quite simply, they were every bit as good as most of the  bands on the Nuggets discs and the Zoo should have been included in that anthology.  They epitomized the spirit of the time and rocked most excellently.
The first thing you'll notice about the music on this album is that it's trying to be Ennio Morricone. Now, that's not a bad thing--Morricone's music is some seriously awesome stuff. Federale does a very good job of capturing the feel of it. The more downbeat tracks, like Lady Waltz and Lamenting Whore, sometimes feel rather languid and are not as close to Morricone's greatness as some others, like Hero (with the classic Morriconesque whistling) and the electrifying War Cry. On the whole it is very enjoyable.
Probably the best CD this band has done. Blood Ritual Rocks!!!! They're a half dozen good tracks here. Check it Out
Debut full length album from Brooklyn, New York band--super trippy psychedelic galacticfireworks pop with a vibrant, hypnotic beauty. Sky Picnic captures the primal essence andnatural purity of the 60s psychedelic flow by blending fluid progressions with surprisinglymuscular moments, and adding occasional bits of prog/post rock experimentation. Somethinglike a combination of Pink Floyd, Green Pajamas, Small Faces, Sleepy Sun, Three O'Clock,Jefferson Airplane, Neil Young, Touch, Galaxie 500. Nice, very nice.
Shatter itself is an interesting little game; it's basically a variant on Breakout that gives the player a bit more control over how it proceeds. There are elements of gravity manipulation, boss fights, and the risk/reward system of collecting broken block elements to power up special moves. It won't set the world on fire, but it's attractive and fun, and it's made even better by this soundtrack.Since dance and electronic music has grown, myriad subgenres have been carved out, and I can't tell you what this would be, only that it's music most people would probably call dance music. It's got strong, driving beats and lots of synthetic sounds, though tracks like "Krypton Garden" work in lovely electric guitar-sounding work. The average track length is longer than your average radio song, but they're generally good at not overstaying their welcome.This isn't normally my kind of music, but the best art doesn't care for genre walls; it simply steps over them. The soundtrack to Shatter is fun, catchy, and, if you care to, very easy to dance to. It's the kind of music that puts a smile on your face, whether or not you're playing the game itself.
Again, I didn't realize that Marble Sheep had so many titles out and available. Must admit that if you're not that in the mood to wait for a physical copy of some of their CD's - like this one, it is nice to be able to purchase it through sites for 99 cents per song - such as Amazon. Loved the twenty-two minute work-out of pure brilliant psychedelic "New Horizon" as well as the awesome space rocking "The Vsecret". Was also impressed with the well-played nine-minute "Rabbit In The Moon". An absolute must-have.
Magnificent, it compares with the grammy's anniversary retro for the Beatles, I enjoyed Annie Lennox Voice, and can she still sing and NOW that a DIVA.
I understand the frustration of the other reviewers, but seriously?!Anyway, #1 Beatles is a cover band that does covers of the Beatles catalog.  They're great if you listen to Rhapsody, Spotify or one of the other legal streaming services because The Beatles won't let their catalog be streamed legally.  So the only alternative is to find cover bands that do a good rendition.  (Under U.S. copyright law, there's compulsory licensing, so while The Beatles may not allow their original songs to be streamed, they can't stop others from singing the songs and licensing it out so long as The Beatles get their cut).Anyway, that's why this album is out there, and for $8 it's a pretty decent bargain.  Enjoy, all you need is love!
Pretty good album,but not done by the beatles.It is all tribute bands.So don't buy this thinking it is a beatles album.Pretty good for what it is though.
If you are not really listening to words to songs or don't really care about the words...this is fun for the beats.
I've been listening to the Bone Poets for a year or more - on CD and in concert - and they've really grown on me. As with most any album, there are always songs that stick in my head and I can't get enough of, and others that take more time to sink in. My instant favorite from this CD is 'Rising' (especially together with the music video by 3DogPictures, here on YouTube:[..]. I love the strings on both that track, and on the title track, 'Belladonna Smiles.'Overall, I find this album has a great diversity of sounds, from boisterous & peppy to sensuous & mellow; and there are plenty of words of wisdom to appreciate:I don't have the answerI don't know the wayI put my feet in my shoesAnd walk a little every dayI don't fear tommorrowI'm not ashamed to loveMost days I look around meAnd think the universe is enough - todayI am glad to have Bone Poets Orchestra be part of my universe :)
My favorite tracks on this album are Rising, Spin, Smells Like Rain, It All Disappears, and Bodies at Midnight. I'm happy to hear a more modern, introspective mood from Christopher Bingham and crowd, as much as I enjoy his previous albums. The psychadelic rock influence is clear, but infused with the moody feel of the great Northwest. Rising's reggae beat adds a lighthearted quality to a beautifully-written lyric, and Sue Tinney's vocal on Smells Like Rain recalls to mind the dreamy Julee Cruise of Twin Peaks fame. It All Disappears is a gem - a radio-worthy hit, and Bodies at Midnight is both sensual and ethereal, a hauntingly beautiful tune to end the album. By re-tooling as Bone Poets Orchestra, the former members of Gaia Consort have achieved a more universal appeal, one that I hope will be well recognized.
As any proghead should know that Belgium isn't exactly a haven of space rock. One more thinks of Univers Zero or similar RIO acts that have connections to that group, or Machiavel, a prog rock band that turned into a mainstream pop/rock band after three albums. Quantum Fantay is that rare example of a Belgian space rock group, and they already have several releases under their belt which is more than you can say of some (like the Greek band Tidal Flood). The band was to be called Quantum Fantasy, but the typo stuck and the band liked it or they would have stuck with the original name.2005's Agapanthusterra is their debut and the group consisted of Pieter van den Broeck (Pete Mush) on synthesizers, Wouter de Geest (Jaro) on bass, Gino "Bartolini" Verhaegen on drums, Karel Slabbaert (Charles Sla) on flutes, and Glenn Ployaert (Dario Frodo) on guitars. As you can gather, this is a Flemish band but I love the way the band gives themselves nicknames (two of them with Italian names). Musically, this group is not unlike Ozric Tentacles, Hidria Spacefolk, Korai &Ouml;r&ouml;m, Tidal Flood and other such similar groups, although unlike Hidria Spacefolk or Korai &Ouml;r&ouml;m, there is no didgeridoo player. What you get is guitar and synth dominated space rock with a flute player not unlike Ozrics' John Egan. This group would really be at home at a British festival like one held in Glastonbury. If you thought Ed Wynne tends to be a bit too showoff-y with his guitar playing, Dario Frodo's guitar playing would be more to your liking. Not having their other CDs (so far), I can only go by this release, but it sounds to me that it's a good and promising album and this is right up your alley if you enjoyed such space rock groups I mentioned.
This is a best of retrospective of the Surf Guitar Villains, or sampler of the first decade. It is not pure surf, more surf meets garage meets Dylan meet Lou Reed meets raw 60's and 70's rock. It plays like a classic album you never heard dug up from a back room of an old radio station that could not play it except at 2:00am because it was not 'commercial' enough.
Barry Richman is one of those performers who you hear and ask yourself "Why have I never heard of this guy before?!?" He is a great blues guitarist, but he seems to rarely venture far from the Atlanta area so his fan base isn't spreading as fast or as wide as it could.Though this album is titled BLUES from Mars, it is more of a jazz collection. Even though I'm not a big jazz fan, his work on this album is superb. If you like blues, however, you need to find his Moment of Now album. This album is very good, but Moment is great.
Timing Is Everything, the debut album from LA outfit Voxhaul Broadcast is a welcomed blend of poppy-soul psychedelia. Lead vocalist David Dennis brings his own brand of desert howl in standout tracks such as the fuzzy blues burner, 'Junkyard Dog' and the reverb soaked 'No Better Reason' (which also highlights the bands secret weapon, guitarist Anthony Aguiar). There are hints of both Modest Mouse and Built To Spill in the spacey jangle of 'If I Run' and even a bit of Gary Glitter's 'Rock n Roll' in 'Loose Chains'-- but it's in Timing Is Everything's opener and closer where Voxhaul Broadcast really shine. It's both the urgency and intimacy of 'Leaving On The 5th' and the piano-pop genius of 'Fact Or Fiction' that really keep you wanting more. When Dennis croons 'I just need something to believe in,' he makes you believe right along with him. At 13 songs and with a running time of 53 minutes, Timing Is Everything offers up a lot for a debut. Songs like 'Cheetah,' 'Blackout' and 'Steal The Diamonds' all extend Voxahul's strange stay into whatever this pop/soul/psychedelia trip is they are embarking on. I'm excited to see where the future takes this gang of misfits.
The best way I can describe how much I like this album is to admit I really should be writing other reviews. Deadlines loom, I need to contact musicians and promoters, my editor is encouraging but nervous. Yet I'm here writing about The Fire Apes, a band I'd never heard of until today, but whose newest albumA Life in Lettershas compelled me to listen a fourth time through while I finish up this review. At this moment of discovery, I can't keep them to myself. But allow me the concession of forgoing being literary to just describe the album track by track.1. It's Over = Weirdly, the song at track 1 makes less impact on me than I think was intended because it seems directed at the vast post-Emo audience of My Chemical Romance or the retro-pop followers of Cheap Trick at their most overwrought. Patience.2. Killing Me From the Inside  = The Fire Apes here remind me of Oasis (in full, imitation 1967 mode) here. If that works for you, you'll like it. (But my love of 60s sounds and Oasis' version of them don't get along.) Then, things get much more interesting.3. Hey Kate! *** = Hey Kate! leads with pop-song mastery where other bands wish they could follow. For instance, it would fit comfortably as a prime track on any Fountains of Wayne or Jimmy Eats World album. Don't dismiss it because it uses the hook every pop-punk band in the 90s & 00s, and don't underestimate the ska-beat turnaround preceding every chorus. It just works.4. Cause You Don't *** = Convincingly makes its case to stand alongside similar White Stripes, Vines, and Hives tunes with a blues-y structure and a heavier bottom. But theirs comes complete with harmony vocals reaching crescendoes via a building suspended chord, just like George Martin taught the Fab Four.5. If Things Don't Look So Good Today  = With it's cha-cha middle-8, it's a bit cocktail-lounge. But the Rickenbacker jangle of electric guitar strings cuts through the synthetic strings.6. Only You Could Make Me Happy *** =  Believe it, man: This is it. A prime example of delirious, hyper-committed power-pop, the kind most recently epitomized by Bouncing Souls. But you could hear echoes in it of a long line of bands mining the genre, leading with the best of Cheap Trick and including The Romantics, The Records, The Kings, etc etc.7. Don't Break My Heart *** = A big change of pace from the rest of the album, built around that McCartney-esque British dance hall two-step. With rinky-tink piano out of almost every 70s record trying to evoke a feel of early-20th-century nostalgia. Plus "bah-bup-ahs"'s right out of The Turtles' playbook. And a horns chart that sneaks up on you until it  practically takes over.8. 3 O'Clock (So Long) *** = A Roger Daltrey-like vocal-dominated intro leads to riffs which could be an alternate arrangement for "I Can See For Miles". Altogether early Who throughout.9. I *** = Their vocals out-sing The Turtles, but for an over-reaching middle-8. "I" is a half-Zombies, half-Turtles pop obsession.10. Lori *** = Begins with a fanfare. Mines that familiar One-Look-and,WOW!,-I'm-In-Love theme, but keeps up the melodic inventiveness, skirting the 80s' obsession with the Nah-nah-nuh-NAH-nah minor third melody only during the middle section, but they're forgiven after it's followed with a great guitar solo. It leads to the album title's appearance in the lyric. Ends the album (and I'd guess likely their concerts as well) in glory.Over the decades I've become familiar with too many bands that have hit success with far less going for them in the grooves (he said, showing his age). And I've seen too many bands with piles of good songs (The Brains, and the aforementioned Kings and Records) not get very far. The Fire Apes' songs have broken in to the area of my brain packed with catchy songs. The Fire Apes deserve a break, and you can provide it.  Give them a break, the chance to rattle around playfully in your personal area stuffed with catchy rock songs: Break out your wallets.
This is a great first release. There's a few comparisons that can be made to post-rock, maybe a bit of new-gaze but the final verdict is that The Dry Season stands all alone.This is a very unique mix of musical soundscape and atmosphere that leaves me wanting more. Alas, there's really nothing else like it so a note to the band...HURRY UP AND MAKE MORE!I was made aware of this group via their tour date/s with Menkena.
This album served as a great reminder of America and that freedom is not free; thank you Brittini. Conincidentally, I had also forgotten about 9/11 (which we are never supposed to forget), but luckily I listened to this album and the memory returned to me.
Valley Of The Dolls - No Shame (Dancing Stick Productions)Named after Jacqueline Susann's famous novel about three young women finding fame, fortune and ultimately drug-fueled self-destruction, I'm sure the four women who comprise Valley Of The Dolls - Jill Myhill (lyrics and vocals), Bev De Schoolmeester (bass and backing vocals), Ayala Liran (guitar), Vasoulla Antoniadou (drums) - would settle for the first two out of the three. Their debut album, "No Shame" marks a promising start.Their alt. rock stylings nod respectfully to a number of bands, from The Runaways and Blackhearts to post-punkers like The Slits and The Go-Go's. Indeed there's even a hint of Belinda Carlisle's power-pop pitch in Myhill's voice, especially on the more immediate, radio friendly material. Not that there's much here that going to cause the average radio programmer many problems. Myhill's songs are accessible and fresh, and the band provides plentiful hooks for the listener. The title track has become an instant favourite, its insistent bass line and Liran's guitar swoops providing maximum thrills. They're just as good when they're slowing things down on "Shake Some Action" (not the Groovies song) or the refined "Touch The Water".
Shadowraptr is an indie band from Cincinnati. I had never heard of these guys until recently (more on that later), and I wondered if they were a rap band (given their band name). I couldn't have been more wrong. The band's sound is an intriguing mix of prog rock and funk if you can believe that."It's Always Winter On the Moon" (9 tracks; 43 min.) starts off with the 1 min. instrumental of "Psychosis in Am Pt. III", only then to delve into the 6 min. "Cadavers", which lays the groundwork for this album, an outstanding, expanding track, led by lead singer/drummer Aaron Collins. The guitar work from Stephen Patota is nice too. Other good tracks include "Hey Kids! Let's Rap(tr)", a great funky tune (and again, no rapping). The album concludes with the ambitious 7+ min. "Psychosis in Am Pt. I and II".In all, this is a promising debut album. I saw these guys recently in concert here in Cincinnati, where they played many of the songs of this album, and live it sounded much heavier and funkier than what you hear on here. Can't wait to see them again.
Sweet Island - S/T (Independent)Acid-blues-rock band Sweet Island was formed in 2009 at Philadelphia's LaSalle University when guitarist Pete Stanko met drummer Bill Marconi and they began jamming together. Stanko's old friend Tom Boston was brought in to play bass and they began gigging in earnest as an instrumental trio. The following year they recruited vocalist Kate Kennedy, triumphed at a local battle of the bands competition and recorded their self-titled debut.Bringing in Kennedy was a wise decision. Her voice is not unlike Curved Air's Sonja Kristina, and it dominates Sweet Island's sound and provides focus. When playing live I can imagine them stretching their musical muscles and extending songs, but everything here is kept quite succinct with the majority of tracks coming in around three to four minutes, and only the final track over five. It's Kennedy's vocal, high in the mix, which leaves the greatest impression.Though her band mates are no slouches. Guitarist Stanko weaves muscular runs behind and around her, and the rhythm section provide solid propulsion. The album doesn't hang around; it's been and gone in less than half an hour, and that's the best way to hear it. Though, if you're only looking for a few tracks to put on your Mp3 player, then go for the strident opening cut "Somebody Guide Me", the gossamer light "Dream Catcher" and the slow blues shuffle of "The Sky Never Lies".
Chester Brown - S/T (Independent)Some facts: Chester Brown is a Chesterton, Indiana based quintet. In the last ten years they've played over 1400 gigs, performing their own songs and a multitude of cover tunes. I suspect they're not unfamiliar with the recordings of the Grateful Dead, which isn't to say they sound a whole lot like them, but they do share certain similarities of ethos, musical dexterity, openness of approach and a distrust of barbers.Of course they're a jam-band, so more suited to the stage than the studio, but this, their second studio album, is an enjoyable collection with an emphasis on their songs. The group's three singers - Tim Vanderlin, brother Nate Vanderlin and Dominic Puglisi - who I assume sing their own songs, bring plenty of variety to the table. The results are always pleasing, whether it's the jazzy funk vibe of opening cut "Sad Song", the Phish-like "Backin' In" or the loose country-flecked rock of "Whiskey in Heaven".Most tracks clock in at over four minutes, with a trio coming in at over five, so they allow themselves some room to stretch their musical muscles. Live on stage I imagine they're a top night out, and if they ever venture this side of the pond, kindly put be down for a ticket, or two.
I'll admit that this album is not of a genre I usually listen to.  I saw Venus in concert recently, and bought it out of curiosity.  What is this person up to?First of all, almost all the numbers were familiar, as I'd heard them in a crowded auditorium after a couple of beers and in the company of dancing figures that competed for my attention, sometimes more or less successfully.  In that concert though I have to admit that I missed plenty of the lyrics, which seemed complicated enough that another listening would be helpful.The production quality of the album seems immaculate to me, reminding me of David Bowie most of all.  None of the songs are simple enough to feel that I 'got' all of any of them after one or two listenings.  The musical work supports the lyrics with definite artistry and taste, but it's clear what the deliverable is, at least clear to me.This is poetry, some work darker than others, and a superficial understanding develops with further experience.  I wish I could say exactly what I like about each song though.  I'd feel more confident about this review if I did.Just the same, though I liked the performer and his unusual definition of the All The Pretty Horses group in concert, and though I like the idea that these folks are doing what they do, I don't think I could honestly call myself a fan.  Whatever it is, the listening is working on me.If you've seen photos of these guys, or read of them in the press, if you are not anxious to develop respect and appreciation for what's going on here, then be warned.  Listen at your own risk.  If you are not sure, track down the disappearing copies of the documentary Venus Of Mars.My advice is to risk it.
This band is amazing.  they have a song about swamp love that in my humble opinion is the ULTIMATE song for capturing the essence of love in a swamp.I was sitting down last night and polishing my 1990 GA Tech championship ring and listening to this album, its hard to imagine a more perfect night for me and my grandma to share.THIS ALBUM ROCKS THE HOUSEMy only concern is that only the guys in the middle have trench coats and cool shades.  What about the guys on the outside?What if the sun gets in THEIR eyes?  What if a cool breeze blows by?  What trenchcoat would keep THEM warm?The guy on the left is wearing a cool necktie though and the guy on the right has a shirt with what appears to be a lightnight bolt across the front.Maybe the lightning bolt is what made him so sleepy looking?
I assure that this review is not related to shampoo instructions, washing machine promotion or something like that, please stay ... I'm writing about a New Jersey based band which has thrown an interesting debut on the market in 2011, it's called 'Spin Cycle'. Well, this caught my attention due to a favourable blend of (maybe old-fashioned) space rock attitude and (surely new-fashioned) electronica flair. Now that should satisfy the requirements of a first overview. Justin Strollo (guitar, synth) and Paul Agemian (programming), almost representing both poles I assume, eventually converged by coming up to a musical home together.The cover art speaks for itself, you know ... this has a bit of Mandelbrot fractals which are often pointing to cosmic affairs. Six songs are given here offering real potential. Drums seem to be electronically produced in most parts, which is a minus for me as a (sorry ... maybe old-fashioned) space rock lover. There's also some dub and ethno/world feeling to detect, open-minded trip hop/drum & bass fans will find a home here too. As for that I would call up SeaSky especially due to some additional krautrock appeal (if ever intended).They reach the peak towards the end - one track crosses the ten minute line, emerges to my highlight - Zoombiance - a wonderful floating piece, enriched with recitative samples. Justin's guitar playing is excellent (as usual), ranging from hallucinatory to metal sentiment. Brainchild is in no way inferior - a spacey/ambient relaxed outfit, although contrasting with a heavily shredding guitar in between. 3.5 stars - 'Spin Cycle' appears as a promising debut album - forward march into the laundry room!by: Rivertree
not familiar with the band or personnel, this is a solid release.  best described as folk/prog with a good dose of atmosphere.  previous review compared this release to pink floyd.  i'd say more like a mellower Opeth, or This Ascention.  vocals are done by both male & female.  they are a bit lost in the mix and there is no lyric booklet which is too bad.  seems to be a concept cd with a folklore-ish tale about being in the woods.  the band's music is very, very good.  solid playing and good atmosphere makes this an easy and enjoyable listen.  there is also a 12' bonus track that is quite spacey.  highly recommended for those into the swedish, prog/folk/psychedelic scene.
Looks to be the Swedish psych band's only CD, so far. Quite obvious and clear that Pink Floyd was a major influence on this four-piece collective. Tunes I was very impressed with were the awesome opener "Entrance", the all-too-short "I See A Man", "Derowning" (sounds like may the late Syd Barrett on crack), "Storm", the beautiful very early Floyd-like "The Brook Horse", "Dusk" and the twelve-minute extremely well-played epic "Psilocybe Semilanceata". Personnel: Mikaela Eriksson - vocals, Max Karlstrom - bass, organ, harmonica & vocals, William Friman - piano & organ and Claes Svensson - drums. Definitely, best described as a Pink Floyd with female lead vocals. Some fans may not dig but I know many patrons who would likely get as much out of this CD as I did. Recommended.
Spanish space rock band's first [and only] CD, so far. Pyramidal is a relatively new band - forming just two years ago. The talent four piece hails from Alicante, Spain. After checking out their disc for the second time, it's clear that their major influences were likely Hawkwind, Black Sabbath and various krautrock bands. Tracks that I couldn't get enough of are the astounding nine-minute "Black Land", the awesome "Kozmik Blizzard", the superb eleven-minute epic "Tempel Iaru" (almost worth the admission price alone) and the truly brilliant fourteen-minute CD closer "Mars Lagoon". Personnel: Oscar Soler - electric guitar, acoustic guitar & vocals, Miguel Angel Sanz - guitar & synthesizer, Miguel Rodes - bass and Lluis Mas - drums & percussion. What really kills it for me is that I believe this 'Dawn In Space' title is also available as a 2-lp edition with two extra bonus cuts. Should definitely appeal to fans of Electric Moon, Neu!, Acid Mothers Temple and maybe Gong.
Crazy Lixx, one of the best new bands in the Swedish sleaze rock scene, is back with a new album this year. The follow-up to their breakthrough 2010 albumNew Religionis titled Riot Avenue, and once again the band has found the perfect balance between'80s Hollywood hair metal sound and bombastic melodic rock.This time around, the band tilts a little further into hair metal territory. There's still a shot of Treat, Def Leppard and White Lion in the band's sound, but there's even more L.A. Guns and Bang Tango. It's a fun mix, and one that relies heavily on super-catchy melodies, huge guitar hooks, lots of vocal harmonies and choruses you can immediately sing along to.  The guitar work on Riot Avenue is very flashy, and the vocals are strong too. The album starts off with a bang, and between "Whiskey Tango Foxtrot," "Young Blood" and the title track, there's barely a chance to catch your breath. Honestly, aside from the closing ballad "Only the Dead Know," Riot Avenue is all party, all the time.It doesn't have quite the same immediate impact that New Religion had (that has to be one of the best albums in that whole scene), but Riot Avenue is still a wickedly fun blast of melodic sleaze rock. If you're a fan of bands like Hardcore Superstar, Crashdiet, Reckless Love and the rest of the Swedish sleaze rock scene (or US bands like Dirty Penny, Mad Margritt and Charm City Devils), you won't want to miss this one!
Wish that &#34;Keep me hanging on&#34; was the full length version. Other than that. Great little 5 track album for three bucks and change.
I was very excited when news of this album first came out. This is with saying that the creation of the album took a very long time. Now I 'm not complaining that taking a long time to create and perfect one's art is bad, but while there may be a number of very good songs most of them fall flat and feel like filler.
Started listening to Emilie Autumn after seeing her in The Devil's Carnival, bought this because my brother had bought If I Burn and I'd liked it, and I was starting to get into some of the others on this album.I'll start of by saying this, straight off the bat.  It's different.  It's very different, and may take some people a little time to get used to it.  Fight Like A Girl is a concept album, and essentially like the soundtrack to a musical.  There is an overarcing story covering the entire album, and each song is a piece of narrative moving the story along.  To that end, each song's instrumentation and composition has the feel of a song from a musical, ranging from sweeping ballads to full on vaudevillian chorus lines.  I'm not quite as big a fan of the second half of the album as I am of the first, but all in all, definitely worth a listen.
it's not as technically amazing as Opheliac is, but the songs are still quality.  A bit more electronic but still well composed.  After 1-2 listens through, you're hooked.  I was skeptical until i saw her perform them live, then picked up this cd and love it.
I discovered Emilie Autumn a few months ago when I saw the deluxe edition of Opheliac with its striking cover portrait of her.  The music proved that every once in a while, you can judge a work by its cover.  Soon, I ordered Fight Like a Girl.  Autumn starts this album with an absolutely stunning title track.  It is a song that is rousing, angry and inspiring.  She follows up with "Time for Tea", which is scary and beautiful at the same time.  After these two home runs, the quality can vary.  "Take the Pill" is a stinging attack on medication used for mental illness.  "Girls! Girls! Girls!" shows us Autumn's twisted sense of humor and "One Foot in Front of the Other" is a great concluding number.  A few of the other songs don't entirely work or can come across as bloated; perhaps a bit of editing would have made a stronger overall album.  However, when Emilie Autumn is at her best, she hits with the fury of a storm and can leave a listener blown away with her power.
Yes, this isn't Opheliac...but Opheliac also wasn't Enchant...nor was it Laced/Unlaced.  Emilie Autumn is definitely growing and maturing as an artist, and good for her.  Her albums are so personal and are most definitely like a diary for our ears.  This cd is rather long, which is nice, and for the price, well worth it.  Pick this album up if liked Opheliac, while it may not be Opheliac's twin, it could easily be a close cousin.
Fans of Emilie's work on "Opheliac" will be eased into this darker, heavier album with the titular track, but after that it becomes an entirely different animal. While more electronically based than her previous work, this album as whole is a strong exploration of what it means to be insane/sane (in a fictional setting, of course). Tracks like "Time for Tea", "Take the Pill", "We Want Them Young", and "The Key" paint an eerie picture of what it's like to not only be considered insane, but to be labeled as such in addition to being a woman in a time long past. There are gentler tracks like "I Don't Understand" (which can become irritating to listen to after a while), "Gaslight", and "Goodnight Sweet Ladies" to provide a brief respite from so much heaviness, but they still retain that sense of melancholy. "Girls! Girls! Girls!" is by far my favorite track solely because of the dark humor, the irony, and the imagery Emilie creates with different voices and tones. The final song, "One Foot in Front of the Other", is a truly hopeful piece that recounts the horrors suffered in the asylum but still looks forward to a future where such things will no longer be commonplace. I'm not ashamed to say that when I first heard that song at one of her shows I genuinely began to tear up. It really is a powerful piece that lets the listener know that as long as you keep looking forward you can overcome anything.While overall a great album, there are a few weak points in terms of Emilie's vocals where they become rather grating, as well as the abundance of electronic work over the violin that she plays so well. But I don't and can't fault her for that since, as I said, "Fight Like a Girl" is an entirely different album compared to her prior ones. "Different" is not inherently a bad thing.
As someone who highly values Southern Rock but also grew up with rap music I can enjoy this.  Will you?  Well, if you're over thirty five and don't like rap, no you won't.  Twenty five and under with some country in them should love it.  Full of Southern pride, attitude, and hangin out in the country!When I first saw a blog about them, I thought it would be awful.  It was described as Southern Rock with rap in it, similar to Kid Rock.  I like Kid Rock a little bit, so I tried it.  It's surprisingly good!  The music is in the Southern Rock style with vocals split between a very capable singer and a rapper who quite frankly, does a commendable job.  The singing portion is mostly the chorus' of each song and sometimes more.  The rap takes the stage most of the time.  Musically, its on point.  You're just going to have to hear it for yourself.
Every bit as outstanding as their couple of other titles that I've heard 'You Are Here' and 'Planetfall'. There's no denying that with this current release of Litmus, 'Slaughterbahn' more than provides a healthy dose of top rate 21st century space rock (the way it's meant to be) with it's most compelling blazing guitar accompanied with the band's trademark - in-depth synthesizer arrangements. Tracks that make this a keeper include the wailing in-your-face "Spark", "Satellites", the rocking "Last Man Standing", "Sleepless" and the blissfully cosmic [with it's killer synthesizer work] eight-minute title cut "Slaughterbahn". Talented line-up: Fiddler - guitar & vocals, Martin - bass & vocals, James Hodkinson - keyboards & synthesizer and Marek - drums & vocals. Recommended for fans of '90's and beyond Hawkwind, Mr. Quimby's Beard, Omnia Opera, Bedouin and Spacehead.
I listened to this album on Spotify, it's existence being revealed by the sidebar ads in the free version. I rarely ever click on these, but this album had nice cover art so I figured it was worth a try. On another note, according to a 'Pitchfork' review the artist is from Florida (supporting the local culture).I skimmed through one time and found Black Mold Grow, Canterbury Bell, and French Lessons (my favorite) to be nice. On a second skim I found Terra Treasures, Girl in the Fog, and Solemn Feeling Forever Healing to be pleasant, and the rest of the tracks to be decent.The style of the music is highly synchretic, a mixture of synthesizers and fun acoustic elements, all adjusted by computer to the purposefully lo-fi sound popular nowadays. Permeated as well by mellowness and absurd lyrics with a tinge of morbidity; Simon and Garfunkel, then Sade, then both together. A diverse but sensible and aesthetically pleasing mix like the collage on the cover. Approximately 37 minutes of good feelings.
Not as fun as the What does the Fox Say? song, yet greatly philosophical and entertaining. Perfect for listening to while showering, drinking morning coffee or during the commute to work
This double album (concept album on one disc, collection of songs on another) is a well-crafted mix of progressive influences.  Heavy on Yes and Floyd, some Porcupine Tree here, some Marillion there, even some Queensryche or Dream Theater to taste, and non-prog influences scattered all over.  Nothing is new these days, but Majestic does a great job of putting all the ingredients together and whipping up a tasty treat.  And for the length of time on these two discs, the consistency in quality melodies and musicianship is especially impressive.
2nd release from Brooklyn, New York band--psychedelic rock where 60s influence meets modernproduction.  Brilliantly trippy songs with an authentic feel for inner space kaleidoscopic rock; withstrong melody lines, vocal harmonies and mesmerizing guitar lines.  References bands likeJefferson Airplane, Quicksilver Messenger Service, Green Pajamas, Small Faces, WoodenShjips, Black Angels, Sleepy Sun, Three O'Clock.
Dallas Moore gets better and better with each new CD released, however I thought Hank to Thank was better, as the tracks were longer with a lot more guitar rides and the whole CD fit together better than this one.  This CD seems a little more tame than what I was expecting from Dallas Moore, not sure if it's because some of the songs are studio cuts of previous versions or what the deal is but I was a little disappointed.
This bands dwells in Amman, Jordan, and regards their music as alternative rock, whose lyrics (not yet fully provided in translation anywhere) is not of the usual romantic themes but sociological and political. The first track translates as On The Fence. Taht il Ard, means Beneath The Ground, and says something like "I have been standing on the ground for two weeks, talking and complaining. Refineries and energy laws are a crazy world; don't go there. If only a car would take me far away from here." The track Tarweej asks, "Where am I suppose to revolt? Who will change the scene when the one responsible is sitting like a stone counting cash." The band's influences are Cheb Khalid and probably Pink Floyd, as the electronica of several early tracks suggest. The quartet are Muhammad Abdullah, Tareq Abu Kwiak, Odai Shawagfeh, and brother Dirar Shawagfeh. As my collected Arabic music subset does include some pop and dance styles as well as traditional, religious, and classical examples, I obtained this album out of curiosity and for its novelty. The music certainly is derivative and inconsistent. Each track seems a new rock style. This is the band's first release and they have promised to shift somewhat closer to Arab style forms while remaining a rock band. Track 8, Aghanneek, employs a riqq Arabic drum, for instance. Thus, the band is still searching for its voice. I look forward to their development. Also, the music apparently exists in .mp3 format only. I hope that if they truly care about their music and audiophiles, CD versions of that second album will also be available.
Well, right out the gate, "Mr. Blue Shield" clues you into the fine guitar chops (and tone!) that lay ahead.Next, showcasing the keyboard skill that is likewise throughout, with "Leave Me Alone" the band leans toward Prog song-structuring. One is tempted to pigeon-hole "Let It Go" as leaning just the same. However, were it not for its signature sounds and instrumentation, it can hardly be said that this is a Prog tune.Still, over the course of The Beacon Within, this forward-leaning clearly tilts into a full NOD to Prog and vintage Psychedelic. Yet, taken as a whole, the songwriting is more chin-up, as it were, and refrains from diving headlong into The Heady. This, I suspect, is a goal with Hooker's songwriting on the record: Never sacrifice density or psychedelic texture but always try to keep it listenable and danceable. As such, without betraying the Head in the least, The Beacon Within serves up a commensurate amount of feel-good hooks and pop vocals--something this band's Prog forebears could routinely lose sight of (albeit, quite often, purposefully). Rest assured, though, kids. Soup's head is in the right place with this album."Mt Juliet Way" definitely reaches in the right direction toward this elusive Pop/Prog balance, only falling short vocally.Right in step, enter "Reminding Us All"--the album's longest track, and one of the high points for the record. The slow-funked bass and rhythm here pairs up nicely with spacey instrumental passages (complete with Mellotron) and some good ol', ear-ticklin' harmonies. You'll dig this one.Bright and varied, but not overly dense and un-danceable, "The Roof" exemplifies the sound and song-crafting style that is becoming Soup (arguably).During my first few listens, it was the final four tracks of the album that turned me on. Go get your headphones out in a hurry, folks, and melt into "Corner Caf&eacute;". Stay a while and enjoy a totally different flavor of Soup--and it doesn't matter at all that the waiter is a waltzing, menacing clown. It's fair to say, if there's a single track that should be re-located to an earlier position on the record, it's this one.It might not be readily apparent at first that it's the case but, to my ear, tracks 10-12 on the back of the CD should be listed as "You Lived To See This Day>A New Me>Perspectives". And I'll bet a dollar against a dog turd that it's as a triad that these tunes will be performed live. Build...build...build...anthem! Ahhh, it never gets old, I tell ya.
Anna Nacher: voice, prepared guitar, mini harmonium, vibraphonMarek Styczy&#324;ski: mini clarinet, shalamai, Slovakian pastoral flutes, saxophone, lu-sheng, kydjak, gongs and cimbals, rattles, voiceTomasz Radziuk: electric Kramer bass guitarWojcek Czern (Za Siodm&#261; Gora): EMS VCS311 elektronaliaRecorded at Kosmische OBUH Studio 22-23.11.2002
Mike Lefton - What Are We Waiting For (Independent)There are no shortages of webpages dedicated to New Jersey singer-songwriter Mike Lefton, but they're remarkably short on biographical information. From what I can piece together, he's something of an all-rounder, insofar as he acts as well as makes music, and "What Are We Waiting For", a five track EP, looks to be his debut solo release. Of course, there maybe other recordings on which he's featured; he's played guitar in various groups, including Rosedale, VAM and The Ruggs, but I can offer no definite information.Not a great start, I know, but it does help concentrate the mind on the music, which, naturally, is why we're here. Lefton begins the collection with "Invalid", a perfectly executed slab of snotty `60s-style garageland R&B.; Proto-hard-rock guitars and a lyric chockablock with rightful indignation, the sort of thing which would have collectors jumping `round in glee if they'd discovered it on a battered 7" in an old backstreet record store bargain bin. Surely one of the joys of the digital age is that there's no need to spend a lifetime hunting these tracks down - they're just a click away."Waiting For My Woman" displays a lighter touch and together with the title track, brings Lefton into line with other contemporary singer-songwriters. Think along the lines of Damien Rice and John Legend, but with considerably more gumption. "Black Stone Road" is probably my favourite. Built on wah-wah shaped guitars, Lefton combines significant pop nous with `70s classic rock, with exceptional results.
As far as genres are concerned, "Pines" exists in a curious musical place. This is a crossroads where indie, the Summer of Love and jam rock converge. Kiki Pau's third album of psychedelic rock only contains four tracks, but the average song length is ten minutes. With the exception of the instrumental 'Pines,' each track has only a brief section with vocals. It is this part of the formula that is inspired by classic rock. The songs echo the Byrds and Jefferson Airplane. At times, there is a Syd Barrett sensibility to the lyrical content. The singing sounds so good that it's almost surprising that most of the album is instrumental. The rest of each tune is filled with fantastic instrumental passages. The music has an indie sound, but it's improvised like a jamband. Given the band's Scandinavian origin and musical formula, there's a comparison to be made with Sweden'sDungen. This may not be a coincidence since the great Gustav Ejstes of Dungen mixed "Pines." Certain passages are soft and introspective but when the story arc peaks, the band rocks hard. There are many mind-blowing, Hendrix inspired guitar solos. The highlights include 'Pines II Makumatka' and 'Astronauttija.' Clocking in at twelve and fifteen minutes, these are the album's two epic songs. Much likePrince Rupert's Drops, also on Beyond Beyond is Beyond Records, Kiki Pau is one today's great -unknown- psychotropic rock bands. There's a breakdown in the system given that nobody seems to know about Kiki Pau. The world needs to appreciate and patronize bands this good. If you're still on the fence with this gem, the entire album can be listened to for free at Beyond Beyond is Beyond Records's web site: [...]
"New Hampshire Freaks" is a wonderful journey into modern psychedelica. The trip begins with 'Nothing Left,' which is two and a half minutes of gorgeous vocal harmonies that channelThe Byrds. As an introductory song, it is clear that "New Hampshire Freaks" will be a deliciously hallucinogenic experience. The music has a folk-rock feel that borrows heavily from the 60s while simultaneously arriving at a place that could only be possible with an Indie aesthetic. Put another way, this is another fine offering by Beyond Beyond is Beyond Records. Next up is 'Open Eyes,' a three minute piece that also feels as if it could have been recorded in the Summer of Love -but again with a modern rock twist. The singing is saturated in reverb in such a way that the listener must abandon the hope of mentally processing the lyrics and instead surrender to the sound of the vocals. At fourteen minutes, 'Sandy' is the EP's epic offering. Much of the song is hallucinogenic ambiance in a way thatRobert Frippwould appreciate. Move over, this is what it might have sounded like if Syd Barrett had recorded ambient music on "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" (1967). Although the musical form generally floats around like a technicolor jellyfish, it eventually builds into something resembling a climax. The only drawback to "New Hampshire Freaks" is that it's only twenty minutes. This album showcases the musicians' potential for fantastic song writing and lovely instrumental passages. On their own,MmossandQuiltare tremendous groups. They're both vanguards in the current psychedelic rock movement. Together, they forge a new and wonderful sound. Let's hope for an LP! Still unconvinced? You can listen to the entire album for free at Beyond Beyond is Beyond Records' web site.
After a year, countless shows, festival dates, and a cassette release late last summer Heaven's Gateway Drugs have finally given their fans and followers what they've been jonesing for:  a debut album. You Are Heaven's Gateway Drugs is filled with the psychedelic-heavy tunes and pop-leaning melodies you would hope to find on a HGD album. And when you stop and look between the paisley visions and kaliedescopic hallucinations what you see are a batch of great psych pop and rock songs that could pull their weight regardless of genre name tag."Radio" opens the album on a cloud of sitar-like guitar and a vocal that hangs somewhere in the middle of the mix before the chorus opens the song into a sunny yet still oblique field of poppies. "Black Lady" rides on a hefty bass line and solid beat with a buzzing psychedelic charm just under the surface as C. Ray Harvey's vocals come in to drive this great track into the technicolor sunset. One of the many great things about Heaven's Gateway Drugs is the ying and yang of Harvey and Derek Mauger. They both come at a song in their own particular way, yet when both come together -like they do in this band- it's a beautiful thing. Harvey brings a bigger-than-life presence to his singing. There's drama, and a theatrical urgency in his voice. Mauger comes from more of a gritty, garage rock background that grounds HGD and gives them their rock `n roll heart. Together these two put HGD somewhere between The Cure and The Troggs. With Eric Frank, Josh Elias, and the shaman-like Ben Carr giving the band its backbone and spiritual center, Heaven's Gateway Drugs becomes the psychedelic love God that we've come to know, love, and worship.Elsewhere on You Are Heaven's Gateway Drugs there's "Army Coat", a groovy little number that would've fit right in billowing like green smoke out of a club on Haight Ashbury Street in 1966. With it's slippery riff and Doors-like organ hiding in the background you can't help but want to let the music take you where it may. "When You Come" and it's sitar sound combines both the best of 60s eastern Indian philosophies and 80s alternative into a massive song and some classic C. Ray Harvey emoting. "Where Were You" is classic 60s pop done up the only way HGD know how. "The Late Great Sharon Tate" is a great rocker in the vein of Stone Roses. "Turncoat" ends this excellent debut like Charles Manson doing surf music. Dark, groovy, and catchy as hell.What else is there to say about this incredible debut long player by Fort Wayne's(and beyond) best rock `n roll band? Nothing.  The music speaks for itself. Listen closesly, for it says "You are Heaven's Gateway Drugs".
'Lying in the Sand,' the new 7" from Swedish psych-rockers Orange Revival, continues in the direction the band left off with their stellar 2011 full-length, 'Black Smoke Rising.' But whereas the full-length featured mostly laid-back, 60's-ish psych in the vein of the 'Satanic Majesties'-era Brian Jonestown Massacre--complete with sitars--this single finds the band exploring some new ground.The title track is a propulsive, hallucinatory droner that harkens back to Loop and early Spacemen 3, as well as the motorik-infused psych of current bands like Wooden Shjips and Moon Duo. The steady up-tempo rhythm combines with the repeating, trance-inducing guitar riffs and Farfisa organ to send the listener off to the depths of inner-space. The B-side, "I Ain't Gonna Miss You" is more like their 2011 album, with that Velvety ramshackle-yet-perfect, strung-out and laid-back guitar-strumming trippiness that the BJM perfected in songs like "Anemone." The song may be derivative, but it's such a great sound that one can hardly blame them for continuing to mine that territory. The vocals and lyrics on these songs--though not really buried in the mix--are still difficult to parse, there only to serve as another layer to the swirling arrangements, with the occasional standout words like "time," "mind," "see," "key," "desert" etc. in quick succession setting the proper exploratory mood.'Lying in the Sand' is an essential purchase for psych fans, especially those of the aforementioned bands. Groups like Asteroid #4, Flavor Crystals, The Koolaid Electric Company, and The Laurels also have a lot of elements of Orange Revival's sound, for those interested. The songs here may not be entirely original, but there's no denying they're among the best of the current Spacemen 3 and BJM disciples. Hopefully there's more where this came from soon. Two new songs in two years has left me hungry for more.
Long drawn out guitar anthems separate the Insect Surfers from typical short songs associated with the category.  The group dips heavily into psychedelia similar to their bay area counterparts - The Mermen.  They even use Jim Thomas on 1 song  "Radar Road".  Superb guitarman David Arnson is the only mainstay of the  changing line-up.  The song titles are over the top - i.e. - "Crab Crusher","Vaquita" and "Plankton Dance".  The music is Hendrix/Santana/Beck-like while keeping the production ocean themed..  It all comes together on "Orion Canyon" as the duel guitars intertwine to far out places and beyond.  Then "Infra Green" goes off into a deep sea speed dive coming up for air only briefly.
Swedish band DYNAMO BLISS was formed in 2005, and after honing their craft for some time released their debut album "21st Century Junk" in 2010, with the EP "Circadian Rhythm" following shortly after in 2011. Two years later and Dynamo Bliss returns as recording artists, releasing two full length albums just a few months apart. "Poplar Music" is the first of these.After listening through this album, I feel like I've just attended a quiz show on TV. One where I've missed half the vital questions, and witnessing the entire audience facepalming me why doing so. Or to put it this way: All the songs on this disc has an agonizingly familiar sound to them, containing recurring brief details I'm pretty sure are well thought out homages to specific artists and even songs, but in half of the cases I really can't pinpoint neither in a general nor specific direction.Following a brief introduction the first song Can You Hear The Sound kicks off the proceedings proper, in an enticing manner that to my ears have quite a lot of The Beatles about it. A simple but effective pop tune with flute and symphonic details adding some nice details. The following three compositions, two uptempo affairs with a piano based ballad in the middle, all strikes me as fairly close in sound to what Electric Light Orchestra explored back in the day. Some lap steel and banjo sounding details aside, my experience of this trio of songs is that they transport you from The Beatlesesque to the more firmly developed sound of ELO that concludes with Blue Halos.The remaining material leaves me in the clueless department as far as specific associations go however, although I suspect that both 10CC and perhaps even Beach Boys, both of them stated influential artists by Dynamo Bliss, are likely culprits. Gentler, more pop oriented affairs all of them, with smoother harmonies, hand-claps and a distinct mood of summer about them. The piano and keyboard motifs have a nifty gently hammering quality to them that is the most agonizing of the details I can't really place, although at some point I thought I heard something that reminded me of good, old Alan Parsons. Most likely an accidental or faulty observation I guess, much the same about the verse part of final piece In the Country that made me think about good, old Ozzy and his power ballad You're No Different. This latter association limited to the verse part only mind you, as In the Country has a chorus far removed from just about anything Ozzy has ever made with it's banjo-driven escapades and later on the concluding instrumental section also features a lap steel solo supported by the aforementioned banjo.I'll also skip back a bit to Running Out of Mind, as the subtle psychedelic details on that composition as well as the somewhat jazz-oriented piano solo on this piece does set it somewhat apart from the other tracks at hand.If you enjoy sophisticated pop music of the kind and variety I tend to describe as art pop myself, and in particular if you're fond of the 1970's variety of it, Dynamo Bliss is a band and "Poplar Music" an album that merits a check. From the bands own description I'd guess that those with an affection for the likes of ELO and 10CC both should be something of a key audience.My rating: 74/100
Greek band SOUNDGEIST was formed back in 2004, in their first few years operating under the moniker Devil's Interval but opting to change to Soundgeist from 2007 and onwards. Their debut album &#34;The Fine Line Between&#34; was issued through Italian label Musiche Particolari & Records in 2009, and was a charming effort to my ears at least. Four years later and following quite a few line-up alterations they return with their second production &#34;More Than Just a Word&#34;, self released in the summer of 2013.Soundgeist as of 2013 is an intriguing band, seeing as how they incorporate a handful or so of fairly different sounds and moods into their compositions. And while I recall their first disc as one with a foundation in progressive metal, this sophomore effort expands their canvas considerably.Bass driven, spirited constructions, fairly often with keyboard supplements or synth textures added to the proceedings is one approach that appears fairly frequently, and in a blend that does come with associations towards the likes of Porcupine Tree. At times with harder edged, compact riffs that are also found in other passages, this particular element when surfacing adding a touch of Rush to the proceedings as a standalone or supplemental feature.There are also gentler moments to be found aplenty, plucked careful guitar motifs, dreamladen guitar soloing and more often than not with a smooth keyboards texture on top, these elements combined giving those arrangements a touch or three of later day Pink Floyd. Starkly in contrast to these moments of a more careful sound we have the occasional majestic, fairly typical dark guitar riffs and keyboards themes too, one that at their most intense does recall Dream Theater, but fairly often these parts will just as shy away towards more of a Porcupine Tree or a Rush-tinged sound. Occasional forays into staccato, dramatic riff driven constructions indicates that Soundgeist is a band aware of metal also on more on the border to progressive rock.Soundgeist explore within the borders of this foursome, using details with a possible origin from them and blending them together in a fairly wide variety of manners, from almost purebred journeys through one of those universes to the more common journeys where elements from all four have been added to the brew. And not all that uncommonly with a jazz-oriented instrument detail or two thrown in for good measure, most often by way of the guitar.The end result, at best, are compelling material. Easy to like, with enough careful details and hard edges to maintain tension quite nicely. Control arguably the best of the lot, the subtly Eastern sounding vibes incorporated into this composition elevating it a tad above the others at least as far as I'm concerned. I'll also note that lead singer Skourtis has a fairly special voice that probably won't be to everybody's taste. By and large his voice is a nice fit to the music in my opinion, but there are occasions where his specific delivery just doesn't make a good fit.As far as recommendations go, I have a hunch that fans of Porcupine Tree and OSI might be something of a target crowd for this production. While there are a bit more to this CD than what those two have done, there are some rather particular moods and atmospheres that I think will have it's strongest appeal towards that crowd, much more so than the others mentioned.My rating: 75/100
"No Pizza No Peace" is a 2013 EP by Lil Daggers. They're an exciting band on one of today's coolest li'l labels, Beyond Beyond is Beyond Records. Lil Daggers play lo-fi Indie that's very influenced by Syd Barrett eraPink Floyd. There's a sonic comparison to be made withThe Black Angels. The band's strength doesn't lie in their song writing or vocal talents. Indeed, most of the vocals are washed out by copious amounts of reverb. Instead, the group plays amazing sonic textures. The group crafts the thickest psychedelic jams. Along these lines, the guitar work is a stand out. Unlike other artists on the label likeQuiltandMmoss, Lil Daggers have a killer surf guitar. The tone is dark but the music is mind expansive. It references the Summer of Love yet foreshadows the apocalypse. 'Jazz Tom' is a relaxed and wide open jam. 'Stray Chank' turns up the keyboards but leaves time for a mind boggling guitar solo. "No Pizza No Peace" makes for a fun ride. Somewhere between three and  and four stars, this EP leaves two wishes. First, since the band has perfected their sound, the guys could next develop their song writing. Second, we'd like a full length LP. Listen to "No Pizza No Peace" and enter the underworld of psychedelia.
I felt like I was back in the 70's.This funk is cool.Nice dance sound.I wish there were more songs on it.
First discovered this band through the FiXT store on Celldweller's website and checked out their music. Immediately loved it. Hard metal and trance music mixed? How can I not love something that eclectic?In this EP, which features two new songs and a remix of one of those songs, it shows that the France-based band has improved a bit on their sound. They now sound both more mature yet more wild than before. And both singers (well, singer and growler) get equal time on both songs. The remix sounds like it takes a unique angle to the songs- in that it combines the soundscape of both songs and crazily combines both into one for a finale for a VERY short collection. Leaving me to recover from my headbanger's paradise. It also makes me wonder when they'll come out with another EP or full album?
2nd album from Vancouver, Canada band&#8212;soulful, gritty-but-smooth Pretenders-style guitar rockwith a 50s girl group edge and the occasional flare-up of both roots rock and some aggressivejazz/folk prog rock.  Nathalia Pizarro&#8217;s potent & versatile voice steers the mood with infectiousprecision.  Some similarities to Chrissie Hynde/Pretenders, Frankie Rose, Shannon & the Clams,Lene Kjaer Kvillum (Fuzz Manta).
Very good and easy listening! I have more than one song that is my favorite on this album and I highly suggest it.
Second offering from greek stoners thousandmods , not guided this time by allmighty Billy Anderson , but I can tell they learned very well from his experience in terms of recording process, the vibe couldnt be more Kyusslike, downtuned bass , low-fi drums , Garcia like vocals and of course dense and fuzzed guitars , I just love the way bassit/vocalist holds and play his instrument in a clear Ben Shepperd (Soundgarden) and Tatsu Mikami (Church of Misery) style , influences from Dozer, Lowrider , Sabbath (always) are more than evident , this album is amazing!HM
I accidentally stumbled across "Crater Mountain" while listening to samples of Nick Phoenix' current album "Speed of Sound."  The title "Hillbilly Starship" drew my attention and I started listening to the samples. I decided to give the album a chance, and I'm glad I did: the lyrics to each song tells a terrific story, the music is as simple as it is complex, the vocals excellent. Some noteworthy standouts include: "Riverside Range" (has a bit of a "Cat's In the Cradle" vibe to it), "Lyla Glow," "The Roses Die" and "The Hunter's Sin." Definitely not mainstream or commercial, but if you enjoy music with a James Taylor / Grateful Dead vibe, then this terrific download is really worth checking out.