On detours I discovered "Meanwhiles", a friend who had lived in New York for some years once suggested them.They literally fell into my hands. How it often goes when being handed unknown bands it took a while for me topick it up, but when I did I regretted not having done so earlier! It's remarkable what piece of art the two brothers have created here in minute detail. Singer/Songwriter J. Allen's acoustic folk songs hover and lift themselves through a soundscape of warm trippy to distorted guitars, tasteful string arrangements and hissy background flickering. Carried by some indie drums that either support discreetly or boost in wild passion,giving you that retro feel of being amidst the room. Their songs are little hymns merging folk and post-rock,stunningly recorded and produced by themselves, which bestows their sonic vastness the intimacy of a bedroom.J. Allen's voice creeps into your ear forcing the urban life around him into vocal dreams.I have seen a concert on a tour through Europe and could convince myself that "live" feels even closer than on therecord. A progressive folk rock gem, as if Neil Young would be jamming with Sigur Ros with whatever instrumentscould be found at a subterranean, solitary practice space. Memorable, unpretentious indie!
I am an original Yardbirds fan, through the various band line-up and phases, and this doesn't disappoint. I love it.
Being a life time fan of the Yardbirds from my youth. It's so awesome that they are keeping the tradition going.Have had this in perminate rotation on the car stereo since day one. actually a great starter for someone who you know may not have had the chance to catch on to The Yardbirds. Shall we call them the New Yardbirds?
I found this by accident.  I was looking for Dead Man Walking and just happened to click on his version...which isn't out yet as I write this review.  I went to his website out of curiousity and was blown away!  I haven't heard a new artist that I've liked as much as this in a long time!  I'm not an expert reviewer, just a music lover.  His style really speaks to me b/c it sounds like his influences might be all across the board, which is what I like to listen to. The guy's got a southern rock style that is hard to find and you only hear in the greats (IMO).  I really think he'll be huge and I'm just glad I got to listen to him b/f he really blows up.  Buy the CD!! It's awesome and you'll love it.
A man that seems to be doing what he loves because you can definitly hear it in his work.  A friend of mine from work was listening to this guy and I checked him out.  Ended up buying his album.  I dont like many of the new artists these days that are getting pumped out but this one has definitly payed his dues and deserves a fervent listen.
A BRAVE NEW WORLD shines upon the band STYX with a sound modernized yet irresistably reminiscent of days of yore.With old wounds beginning to heal after the separation from the bands previous keyboardist/ vocalist, STYX apparently has found once again the rock and roll monster that had been dormant since 1978. CYCLORAMA reveals a band that once again strives to develop a unified sense of construct within a widely varied styles of songs... with a heartwrenching conclusion that honors the fallen heroes of and after September 11, 2001.ONE WITH EVERYTHING is a roaring return to the progressive hard rocking lament not too differentiated from MAN IN THE WILDERNESS and LOVE IN THE MIDNIGHT, that draws this album to a close leaving listeners wanting more.FIELDS OF THE BRAVE, KILLING THE THING THAT YOU LOVE, and MORE LOVE FOR THE MONEY are modern tracks that impeccably harken back to the social satyre of STYX in its heyday. THESE ARE THE TIMES offers an emotional repose for STYGIANS as a call to arms for loved ones lost and (more so) loved ones who are fighting against the struggles to remain alive and well.The hidden a capella track THE CHOSEN ONE is a one stanza recording written by Tommy in honor of those who would stare into the face of danger in effort to rescue others: In the background are sounds from the reconstruction site of the World Trade Center where the band visited when they provided their wonderful donation to the New York Port Authority Police.If you were the one,the chosen oneTo sacrifice yourself,in a moment of dangerWould you have the grace,the courage it takesTo save the life of a stranger?My only complaints about this album are the extraneous use of guests such as Billy Bob Thorton and Tenacious D, who add some needless interludes to an otherwise brilliant album.STYX is back, and they bring with them a CYCLORAMA of sound that bests all of the works since 1978.
Songs From the Soul - Sung with a voice that scratchs at the back of your mind yet smooths a worried brow .Pete Barrett wears his heart on his sleeve , and your soul on his shirt.
I really loved this its fabulous and quite wonderful! A wonderful addition to my digital library if ever there was!
I LIKE PUTTING A SHORT MONOLOG BETWEEN SETS ON SOME OF MY PLAYLISTS OF ZEPPELIN THEY ARE A BIT TOO LONG.
Both this video and the CD are incredibly well done.  First class musicians and entertainers (these guys are amazing live--they don't need all of the bells and whistles to make them sound good!).  Finally, the real thing.
This recording very effectively captures Michael's ability to captivate his audience with songs of humor, joy, and melancholy. He shows an uncanny sense of timing and mood. Quite possibly one of the best live recordings I've heard from any artist. Purchase this, and you'll be privy to one of the best-kept secrets in the music world.
This is indeed the best of Jethro Tull, although a few more tracks from Aqualung (Cross Eyed Mary, Up to Me & Hymn 43 come to mind) would have been exceptional! I've had this album in every format except 8 track for about 30 years now, and I keep playing it until the cassette breaks, the vinyl is warn down to nothing, or the CD just gives up. Hopefully, the MP3 format will last forever. ;-) If you are new to Jethro Tull, this is a great, comprehensive way to get to know them!
I love this group and have listened to this CD so many times I'm surprised it still plays! We met these guys in Sturgis SD in 2008, and enjoyed them live and have been enjoying their music ever since! We even got them to come to Houston TX for a few shows
It's 2 and a half hours of music, that's what i call getting your moneys worth in the music industry. I must have missed him in his prime, but i'm making up for it now. Living next door to Alice is a world wide hit.
This is a very good album, Born Bad, that song kicks ass. I love blasting that song in my rainbow rolls royce. same with victim of love. Do you know how many times i felt like a vicitm of love getting molested by my priest, it's all good though now I'm a millionaire from a little touch and feely. GOD BLESS THE POPE
No doubt about it, Elton John has released one masterpiece after another throughout his career, including the current "Peachtree Road."  Give the guy a break.  This was our beloved Reg just having fun...and great fun it is!  From start to finish, "Victim of Love" keeps you dancing.  What can be wrong with a genius taking a break and indulging in a project just for the fun of it! There's nothing serious here...just flat-out eurodisco ear candy.  Get over it, baby...Take out that polyester three piece suit, those platform shoes, turn on "Victim of Love," bite your lip, get up and dance!
This album, obviously made at the peak of disco in 1979, is definitely a classic! Who could resist a kick butt disco cover of that lame "Johnny B. Goode" song? He makes a boring rock n' roll song AWESOME and DANCEABLE! This is better than those ABBA clowns. Who needs those lame elevator albums like "Tumbleweed Connection" or "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" when you have this masterpiece? "Someone Saved My Life Tonight", "Candle In The Wind" and "Tiny Dancer" should all be bowing down to the sheer facemelting awesomeness of "Street Boogie". Buy this album NOW!!
O'kay, if you don't like Elton John, you don't like him! that's your personal taste!  Only the reviews below won't admit that!  This for me was the beginning of Elton's best period in music.  Every thing from &quot;Victim of Love&quot; to &quot;Sleeping with the past&quot; is absolutely great.Focusing in on &quot;Victim of Love&quot;, I'd have to say this version of &quot;Johnny B Goode&quot; would beat Chuck Berry's version by a million grooves. (o'kay, i'm a giorgio moroder fan, that's why I like this album)  Giorgio makes a generous contribution to the project, but bare in mind that this was 1979, slap, slam, dam in the middle of disco!  The infectious grooves continue with &quot;warm love in the cold world&quot;.  &quot;Born bad&quot; is another upbeat piece of late seventies disco music, with strong synthesizing instrumentals, sweeping comfortably through the easy cruising rhythms.  Great album for a long car trip.  &quot;Thunder in the night&quot; carries the album's disco through with a strong consistant flow, which blends in nicely with &quot;Spotlight&quot;.  &quot;Street boogie&quot; and &quot;Victim of love&quot; are another two great selections on this album.&quot;Don't shoot me&quot; and &quot;Goodbye yellow brick road&quot; came pretty close to five star status, but this is Elton's first full album, where I can say that every track is good.  No skipping here.Fans of Elton's earlier material would find this work disappointing, but if you like disco, you'll love it.  Elton was only keeping up with the latest music fads, nothing wrong with that!I originally bought this album at a $1 bargain store, but ordered the CD edition within days, as I just couldn't get enough of this one.  Elton was at his lowest with the two albums of &quot;11-17-70&quot; and &quot;Blue Moves&quot;, two CD's in my collection, that are now just collecting dust.This review was based on the MCA pressing, distributed in Australia.
I have this CD and actually had the vinyl lp when it originally came out.  I had it because I had every Elton John LP, cassette, 8-track, sheet music, etc that were available at the time... If you're a Elton John fan, like I am, you stopped voting a long long time ago regarding his talent and his developmental path as an artist.  This is the Elton John Disco album! And I consider it a privilege to own it as well as the Ethel Merman Disco album mentioned in another review.  I was too young to go to a disco club at the time of its release but, with Donna's "I remember Yesterday" lp, I had already acquired my taste for everything Moroder, and being an "album credits" junkie, I saw the producers/writers were the Moroder_team sans Giorgio....together..working with my all-time favorite performer, I was in heaven!!! Well, the audible reality was not as good as my fantasy imagination wanted it to be.....As an EJ fan for 40 of my 51 years, I had to have it in my collection.At the time of its release, artists were releasing disco albums to add to their repetoire like artists release Xmas albums now. It wasn't that he was confused or creatively "dry" re: what direction he wanted to go into next that this dance lp was released.Given his (&lt; doz) releases prior to "Victim" and his multitude of releases over the 35 YEARS after "Victim", who am I to offer up any opinion favorable or unfavorable regarding his talent as an artist or his choices in direction he chose to take creatively.  It is what it is what it is what it IS!  If you are a EJ fan/collector, you should have this as well as any of the Remastered CDs from MCA years and Geffen Years and the DVD version of GBYR!....Disco got a lot a bad publicity over the years, but it never pretended to be something that it wasn't. The people who bark the loudest are the ones who cheat themselves out of so many genres. Authentic musical expression and connection regardless of the genre, is a beautiful thing.  It's where I get to look God in the eye!And Elton, being a multi-decade, multi-releasing, multi-faceted, multi-expressioned creative artist superstar was not going to give us a perfect 10 every time he put out a release..... he is only human. And, if every album was just the 10th, the 11th, or the 12Th version of "Goodbye Yellow-brick Road"....... we wouldn't be attempting this review in the first place cause he would have been history to yesterday's news....we would have chewed him up and spit him out long long ago.....It's insane for to presume to be taken seriously by what I think about Elton John's talent compared to his other bazzilion musical excursions ...... I've resigned myself to the priviledge it is to be spiritually returned to myself from Elton John just being Elton John. Making the music of my lifetime.
I was definitely in the minority when I loved this album upon its release.  The general consensus was that by the time Elton John released this disco album, the Disco Era was (almost) over.  I didn't care then, and still don't care now.  This music is fun, and sounds even better than I remembered it.  Since I recently joined the &#34;Digital Era&#34; and started purchasing music for download, I had been searching for this title on that &#34;other&#34; digital music service, to no avail.  I am so glad I found this on Amazon, and I purchased immediately.  A lot of fun, with a good beat, and easy to dance to....I'll give it a 95!!!
Have had the DVD of this concert for quite a while and the reviewer who said it was one of the bands best shows was right. Don't suppose it really matters who's backing Gary Brooker these days in PH so long as THAT VOICE is still in good shape, as indeed it is but the rest of the guys really do a fine job supporting him on all of these great songs including some of their newer material. If you're already a fan just go get it. If new to PH you might be better off getting one of their several greatest hits compilations or, if truly adventurous either or both of A Salty Dog or their classic live release  Live at Edmonton where the band was backed by a symphony orchestra
This is my favorite Procol Harum recording - the DVD of the longer performance (of 12/03) and the CD of excerpts offered on this page. Many of their Classic songs (e.g. Conquistador, Quite Rightly So, Whisky Train, Simple Sister and - on the DVD only - A Salty Dog and Pandora's Box) have never sounded better on disc. The more recent material from their 2003 CD "The Wells On Fire" sounds infinitely better than the studio recording, especially "An Old English Dream," "This World is Rich" (not on the CD or this page - you need to get the DVD for that masterpiece), "The Question" and - the highlight for me --"Weisselklenzenacht" (The Signature), founding Hammond organist Matthew Fisher's beautiful new instrumental composition, with an extended stellar guitar solo by Geoff Whitehorn.  There's also a great performance of "A Whiter Shade of Pale" including a rarely heard third verse with a lovely new organ solo and countermelody.  All 5 band members are at the top of their form here - kudos to Gary Brooker (vocals, electrical piano) Matthew Fisher, Geoff Whitehorn, Matt Pegg (bass) and Mark Brzezicki (drums).[Thanks, amazon.com, for removing the erroneous "John Phillips" credit from this page]
Fantastic!I wish they were this hot in 2003 when my son and I flew from Minnesota to San Francisco to see PH at the Fillmore West. Don't get me wrong;  It was well worth the trip, but this performance at the Union was absolutely incredible.  I offer no analysis, only raves.
Southern Rock at its best
The Allman Brothers were THE southern Rock band and still are. This is a great must-add collection if you love Rock music.
Great collection of Allman Brothers classics. I would recommend to any fan of classic rock. Well worth the money. looking forward to many hours of easy listening.
I've had this cd since it came out 10+ years ago.......it is a staple. Not many cds can be listen to 1500+ plus times and you still enjoy EVERY song. I love it!!!
This has some great classic hits from the Allman Brothers! Lots of instrumentals too, the kind of music you can relax to.
I always loved their music. I saw them in 69 in San Deigo. They rocked so well I could not set down...
An excellent and timeless band - I have seen them several times live and have enjoyed each concert more than the other.  This is a GREAT ALBUM!!!
Great collection of their music!  Husband purchased this just before we were going to see Greg Allman in concert.  We've been listening to it frequently ever since.
Great music to listen to. I am really enjoying it. The download was easy and quality is great. I'm rockin now.
The essence of the Allman Brothers Band. It's all here and I don't think anyone would possibly be disappointed. Great price for their best.
This album has my favorites. I enjoy listening to the great sounds while I read or just chillin in some memories of the past.
A decade of all the greatest southern rock ever. The music has a range from foot tapping to dancing to plain enjoyable listening.
The Allman Brothers are great! One of the albums on my smartphone - keeps me company during long hours in the field!
This is a really, really good collection of the Allman Brothers band. You get all of their best stuff from the late 60's and through all of the 70's you get all of the great guitar work played by Duane and Dickey, you get the great vocals and Keyboards by Greg. You cant go wrong with this, it has so many great songs. If you ask me ABB are the best southern rock band of all time. But you should really get the albums but if you cant afford to get them all then this is a great substatute.
A decade of hits is the definative greatest hits from the legendary allman brothers band who were one of the greatest rock bands to emerge out of the Us.This cd is fantastic with super songs like STATESBORO BLUES,RAMBLIN MAN,JESSICA,IN MEMORY OF ELIZABETH REED and WHIPPING POST.very highly recommended along with LIVE AT FILLMORE EAST.
Great
These guys rip! This is a must have if you like music to groove to! And its realy realy fun.
I found these guys while listening to iTunes radio for another artist, but every time I looked up to see who was playing that cool song it was these guys.The only way this could be better, is with Bacon
If your looking to have ur ear buds listen to some psychadelic rock funk jam then pgroove's sweet oblivious antidote is the album for you to purchase next. As someone who jams to this band on a daily basis it is my favorite piece of work by them. There is not one band jam in this album in my opinion its amazing from start to finish. With three weeks, tsmm, sundog, robot waltz, and teakwood beatz it brings you thru a groovy experience. If you have never witnessed a show by these guys please come out and support them at the best festival of the summer this year at Wakarusa 2011 in Ozark, Arkansas you can find out more info by looking at [...]
If you are a fan of jam music or just a fan of chillin, buy this album you wont regret it. One of the most underrated bands out there
Wow!!!  A good friend of mine turned me on to this group which I never heard of before called,"The RAH BAND". He passed on two songs of theirs, one called, "Clouds Across The Moon" & the other "Messages From The Stars". He knows I like music that's not pop top 40, so with that said I listen the these two songs he turned me onto & I just love them!  What a nice surprise, to hear music that was fun, dreamy, & with good vibrations.  So, I decided to purchase the best Of The RAH Band & I was so pleasantly surprised.  Each track is just as good as the last.  I would strongly recommend this cd if u like music with sort of a soft, dreamy, dance, pop rock,  glam, 80's sound.  I am very happy with my purchase!
These are the best Beatles imitation I have ever heard. Even the vocals sound very similar. At first, I thought they were the real Beatles. But the music quality was in stereo and it was way too good. Then to my surprise,I found they were not the real Beatles, but very similar in every way. They even toned down the music quality to fit the 60s style recording. Yet, the sound quality is much, much better than the original Beatles recording.The producers and musicians went to great lengths to remaster the Beatles songs as faithfully as they could. In fact, for most of the songs, they sound distinctively better (mainly due to higher sound quality) than the original Beatles.  The guy who sings for Paul McCartney sounds JUST LIKE HIM. Even the chorus is virtually indistinguishable from the original Beatles.I recommend these songs for Beatles fans who want better sound quality (stereo) version of the original Beatles classics.
I found the album everything I hoped it would be.Even the order the songs appeared was exelent.  I do recommend this to anyone that loves the Beatles.
Listening to this band is like listening to the original Beatles making new versions of their songs. I highly recommend it to any Beatles fan
This album has so many songs from the beginning to the end of the Beatles being together.  Nowhere Man is on it and that particular song is very hard to find on alot of the Beatles albums.  Absolutely loved it!!
In the course of the last decade, German based trio Nautilus have created themselves a very unique position in the realm of New Instrumental Music by releasing five fine albums on which they transformed topics from the fantasy novels of Jules Verne into a beautifully melodic space-sound.mastermind Martin Ludwig and his friends now have changed direction in some respects:For the first time a  Nautilus album in no way refers to Jules Verne, but focuses on Martin Ludwig's very personal experiences. Deeply struck by the death of near friend in Irak, Ludwig decided to now express his innermost thoughts through his music. Impressions from the days of youth ("Free Flying Spirits", "Strawberry Dream", "Green Was The Colour") as well as meditations on war ("A Heaven's Call") or death  give the album a fine, thoughtful and slightly melancholic touch. Musically there is a new balance between the synthie sounds of Martin Ludwig and new band member J&uuml;rgen D&uuml;rrbeck and a variety of acoustic instruments, which results in a very warm and round overall sound, which Ludwig calls " a kind of ambient-progressive-folk". Once again guitarist Werner Str&auml;tz sets very special melodic highlights, and with Eroc (founder of the legendary German Krautrock act Grobschnitt) an old Nautilus companion has provided some highly interesting samples.
If you love the Wheelies then you'll love this one. Wish they had stuck together long enough to finish this album but either way it's great!
The Vanilla Fudge song "You Keep Me Hanging On" is one of those songs that makes you remember cruising down the road in that GTO with the song playing on the radio. Great music means greater memories and this recording is excellent!
I'm probably about his age, and I heard &#34;Dr. John&#34; on an oldies radio station and wondered why I had never bought him before, as much as I loved his music back then. This is a great collection of music with his memorable and unique style. Makes me want to drink a &#34;Hurricane&#34; and have some crawfish while I listen and pretend I'm in the French Quarter in New Orleans. Totally upbeat.
A huge album of songs on themes of outer space.Featuring theremins, harmonies,instruments galore, electronica, strange songs and stranger interludes. Mojo Magazine described it as " A beguiling mish mash of Tamla, Steely Dan, bossa nova and cod cosmics."Alien Salad Abduction, as the title suggests is a collection of songs and sounds with a cosmic perspective. Space folk rock? Electro filk? You decide ! Be amazed at the conspiracy of The Alien Salad Abduction, meet Virtual Girl and ejoy an encounter with The Alien Jellyfish Song.In amongst the fun songs there is a lot of great serious music - "Wonder" rates as one of CCs most beautiful ballads. Unicorn Girl has a great jazz fusion feel as does Fly High which has a David Crosby feel to it.This is one of Chris Conway's best selling song albums.Chris Conway - vocals, keyboards, guitars, theremin, tin & low whistles, kalimba, zither, percussion, samples, effects, vegetables+ The Talking FishDebbie Robinson - vocalsMick Oxtoby - electric violinNeil Segrott - bass, guitarsAndy Fitzsimons - congas, percussionDan Britton - bodhran+ special guestsAndy Nicholls - tenor saxophoneCarl Peberdy - sitar, vocalsVikki Clayton - vocalsKate Easton - vocalsRoger Pugh - vocalsAndrea Dale - phone voice
I remember, as a punk growing up in West Texas, that, when the DJs described Sugarloaf as a Denver band, I was hooked on a new Top 40 sound. It wasn't until later, when I read the liner notes on their second elpee, Mothership Earth, that the dual guitars were cheap Harmony solid bodies, played through whatever amp was in the Denver studio. It made me appreciate the combination of Jerry Corbetta's Hammond work with the guitars cutting through the production. I hear this now, and am taken back to a more simplistic time. It's still a rockin' love poem to that mysterious Green-Eyed Lady... Grace Slick, stand back, the anonymous lady could have been the Girl from Ipanema once upon a time.
This iconic song of the 70s by Sugarloaf brings back memories of muscle cars, bell bottoms, and long hair! Just a great song from days gone by.
Awesome album... Clean, crisp, grooves to jam to.  Full of songs that make you wanna grab the closest object resembling a microphone and belt out the words while throwing in a couple sweet pelvic thrusts to the beats!If you enjoy the electro/new wave rock sound comparable to that of The Killers or similar sounding groups, this CD will rise straight to the top of your playlists.The lead singer/ guitarist in the band, Chaz Smith, is my college roommates brother, formerly of Halfwayhome (also well worth checkin out), and these guys put together an addictive sound that will be sure to surpass any expectations.
I purchased three tracks from this album several months back after having heard one of them on Sirius.  I am back now getting the rest of the album.  I have never seen these guys live; I have never even heard of them touring.  One thing is sure, this is one incredibly good album.  Really, really good.  If you like the samples, buy the album; it is thoroughly enjoyable.  You'll dig Moses' groove in your car, in the gym, heading down the mountain, anywhere you can move.  Soulful, jammy and sublime.  Mmm.
After looking through my collection knowing that I had this album I realized I had it, but on cassette. Yes I just gave away my age but I remember getting this album and listening to it over and over and sharing it with one of best friends back in high school. We couldn't get enough of these guys even though they weren't really known here in the South. I was so excited to see that I could download the album so that I can enjoy it again! Loved the singer Ronnie Sweethearts voice! I highly recommend this album if you like good rock n' roll that has a touch of the New York Dolls and Hanoi Rocks you'll dig this album as well!
I came across S & S through an emphatic recommendation from my friend who has made poor choices on cd's in the past. I put the CD aside until a few weeks later I decided to pop it in my player. I couldn't be happier.  I'm surprised that this is the first review.This band deserves more acclaim than just my amateur review. Their sound is as a throwback rock band that incorporates blues, gospel, and some refreshing melodies.  The album is cohesive from start to finish.  My favorite song though, is "Phillips Beach."  I was singing along almost immediately to it.  For a 4 person rock outfit, they create an impressive sound.The formula seems simple, yet so many musicians get it wrong so often.  S & S has a sound from every era and pulls all the good from some of my favorite bands. Most importantly, it just seems they are having a great time.I recommend this album wholeheartedly.
--Dave MarshPercy Sledge "(born November 25, 1941) is an American R&B; and soul performer who recorded the hit `When a Man Loves a Woman' in 1966." But make no mistake about it--Percy's songs are always great thanks to that voice of his that is masculine and easy on the ear; his keen sense of timing; his excellent diction and his sophisticated phrasing. True, this track set is a rather brief sampling of Percy's artistry but it's still good for newcomers just discovering Percy and fans missing a song or two can always download the music here."Warm and Tender Love" starts off the track set really well; Percy delivers this with great sensitivity and just one listen proves it! "Warm and Tender Love" was also on the charts in 1966; this was one of Percy's earlier hits and that's terrific. Percy does a superb job again on Calvin Lewis' and Andrew Wright's "When a Man Loves a Woman," another hit from 1966 that still sounds great today! "When a Man Loves a Woman" is a masterpiece in the hands of Percy Sledge; it will always be perfect for slow dancing late at night with your sweetheart--just you two together with the lights turned down! "It Tears Me Up" is yet another hit from 1966 that has Percy squarely front and center and he never lets go of a superfluous note! "Out of Left Field" is very well done and the track set ends with Percy Sledge performing Marlin Greene and Eddie Hinton's "Cover Me" which made the charts in 1967.Percy Sledge remains an icon and we are better off for his sharing his gift with us. I highly recommend his music.
Clarence Carter (born Clarence George Carter, January 14, 1936) has been a terrific success as a soul singer who can write songs as well--not to mention his talent as a musician and even as a record producer! His broad range of ability is very impressive. True, this set of songs available for download here is relatively brief but at least it gives people a good introduction to his artistry."Slip Away" from 1968 is an incredible tune; Clarence handles this with panache and I never tire of hearing him sing this so well! The music, as is the case with all the songs here, fits in perfectly with his vocals and that's excellent. "Too Weak to Fight" (also from 1968) is another fine tune that showcases Clarence's talent very nicely; he never misses a beat and "Too Weak to Fight" is a great song. "Snatching It Back" from 1969 is very well done as well and I really like Clarence's delivery of "Patches" released in 1970. "Patches" was a huge hit for Clarence and just one listen will tell you why--this is some song and very poignant! The song set ends with Clarence Carter performing "I Can't Leave Your Love Alone;" and it leaves me wanting more!Clarence Carter has shared so much of his talent with us and we are better off for it. I highly recommend his excellent music.
--title from Wilson Pickett's 1966 record albumWilson Pickett (March 18, 1941 - January 19, 2006) was a fine singer/songwriter; his genius in R&B;/Soul impresses me whenever I hear one of his songs! He sang very well, too. These five tracks for download may not be the biggest sampling of Wilson's creativity but what we do get is excellent material."In the Midnight Hour," written by Pickett himself and Steve Cropper, was a huge first hit for Wilson Pickett; this has a great beat and Wilson delivers this with lots of positive energy--I love it! His voice is in excellent form; it's nice and strong and memorable, too. "634-5789" couldn't have been done any better; again there's a fine beat and although there's some backup Wilson never really needed backup--his talent carried him through every time. "Don't Fight It" is very well done and I really like that music that accompanies Wilson as he sings! "Mustang Sally" is one of my favorite R&B; songs and the track set ends with Wilson Pickett performing "Land of 1000 Dances" by Chris Kenner; Wilson's treatment of Kenner's song couldn't have been done any better.Wilson Pickett fans will probably have most if not all of this music already so this is best geared toward the casual fan or people just discovering the magical artistry of the great Wilson Pickett. He is very sorely missed!
Rhino always makes fine music come to life.  I was excited to find this as I have been a big PBS fan since the 70's.  I could never find much of their music, never get their original album cuts, only later remakes.  It was a no-brainer to get this short EP.  Here they are in their original album performances, I am very happy to find this.  Even the MP3's sound pretty good.  Some of my favorite 70's music.
This album is a GEM and is def Pete's Fineset work .Rock on Brother kick them out and keep them coming
Listening to Brandon Strickland is akin to going home. I grew up in the panhandle of Florida with Tupelo honey from Wewahitchka and oysters from Apalachicola. I felt happiness and heartache on the beaches of Panymaw (Panama City for you Yankees), but not until discovering Brandon Strickland did I hear my world set to music.Mr. Strickland plays some damn fine blues...makes me crave some cornbread and a couple dozen oysters on the half shell. This is some deep south blues played with an accent and a whole lot of heart.I have traveled to Paris, Athens, Frankfort, Canberra, Pago Pago, Johnston Atoll, Jamaica, Mexico, Riyadh, Singapore and more. I can tell you right now that if you have never traveled to Sopchoppy you ain't been anywhere. If you have never felt the Ochlockonee River Blues then you don't know squat about the blues.
You can't go wrong with this album if you like older music. If you like grass roots you'll love this album great 60'ssound.
My opinion here - you may love other songs for different reasons: It's Alright, Trying to Grow and Shine On. All top and ready for the radio.Easily the best vote for classic rock from the start. I love them (I am 47) and put them right at the top of my classic rock playlist and my boys (17 and 10) think the sound is rock for modern times. Either way they will find a place in your ear library I promise.They might not appeal to all ages though because my nephew, attending CalPoly (20 years old) thinks they are "Sick" but I don't know why, they sound Alright OK to me.I found The Sheepdogs 6 months ago and within a week had purchased all their albums. This, their first, is amazingly rich. They only get better from here and if like me you just got into the scene their self titled album is killer followed very closely by Learn and Burn, then Trying to Grow and of course the short but full of hits Five Easy Pieces. Really, save yourself the trouble and just buy them all at once, put them in your classic rock playlist and get 20 years ahead of the crowd.Sheepdogs... Rule.
One reviewer commented, this hasn't been remastered. That's very true. It was taken straight from the alblum.  However it did bring back lots of memories of the actual record.  It's a story about Spider-Man being hunted down by the Kinpin.  Kingpin kidnaps Parker's Aunt May for ransom. Spidey enlists the help of Dr. Strange to help him. I must of played this record 100 times when I was a child. I loved this story.  It can listened to by an adult or kid Marvel fan. This record was produced in 1972, it's dated by today's standards but still entertains. Too bad this wasn't made into a movie in 1972.  It would have been a good one. For fans of Ren&eacute; Auberjonois, who played Odo on Deep Space Nine, he was the voice of Peter Parker!
If you are a fan of Frank Marino and or Mahogany Rush, this is a great add to your collection. 10 songs from 10 good guitarist on their own, they took the time to pick their favorite FM song and record it their way. I found about this by accident on MahoganyRush.com and bought it immediately. No longer in print, at least you can get it here as an MP3 album. It introduced me to several other musicians like Audley Freed who I had never really heard of but after researching them all, all would be known to most guitar music lovers because of the bands they were/are associated with. Don't hesitate to buy, Great CD
This is a great mix of country, blues, & old school rock. I love this cd.
It is the first publicly available ROOTKIT that will be passed over by virus scanners and most game anti-hack protection schemes. Use it to protect World of Warcraft hacks and any other thing you might want to hide on your computer from just about anyone except your more proficient computer guru. And it's all legal and freely provided by Sony for the price of this disk. Don't mess around with FU or Hacker Defender, you don't know if you can trust those Hacker types out there, trust a corporate developed rootkit from a known dependable source. It's guaranteed virus free unless it's less than secure features get exploited by some jealous hacker.Please leave Van Zandt out of this war, they didn't choose to be made a posterboy for this fight...
A great CD. The guys really seem to be hitting their stride. There isn't a bad song on here. I've been a Skynyrd fan since the early '70's, a 38 Special fan since they fired it up in the late '70's, and a Johnny Van Zant fan since I found No More Dirty Deals in the early '80's (I'd love to find that on CD!). This rates with the best of their work. New Country is just Old Skynyrd and the brothers carry the banner very well! I really think this CD might be Grammy worthy with the right promotion. There are a lot of great tunes on it.Buy it. You won't be disappointed!
Southern rock and country music go together like bisquits and gravy, jukeboxes and sawdust...Saturday nights and Sunday-morning hangovers.  The Van Zant brothers--Ronnie, Johnny, and Donnie--have always proven that.  On this album, Johnny and Donnie come together for their major label debut, making what is undeniably country music--and yet this album could pass for souther rock as well.The charged energy of such numbers as "Takin' Up Space" (written by up-and-comer Bobby Pinson), "Plain Jane," and "Sweet Mama" show that these guys know how to rock.  And yet, just try and not be moved by the confessional "Things I Miss the Most" and "I Can't Help Myself."  And the hit single "Help Somebody" is a little nugget filled with lessons to live by.Full of down-home values mixed in with barroom-attitude, GET RIGHT WITH THE MAN is a CD that rocks and rolls with twang and heart.  Van Zant is a talented duo from a talented family line, and this album will undoubtably appeal to fans of .38 Special, Lynyrd Skynyrd, AND country music.
I have always been a Skynyrd Fan and was so glad to see the Zan Vant brother come together for a Country/Southern Rock/Down-Home music collection.  I expected a lot when purchasing this CD, and I got it!!!!  Their voices together give such a rooted southern sound that is well appreciated.  Each song is written with heart felt meaning that relates to the listener!!!  You will not be disapppointed with this purchase!!!!
Every reviewer posted before me is worth considering based on their previous experiences.But let me come at you as a new fan, who's only recently heard the brothers together, but has long been a country and southern rock fan.What you'll hear on this record are songs based on maturation and experience, from folks who've been there and lived to tell, who pride the Bible yet understand the hard-drinkin', hard-livin' working man.  You won't find anything fancy in the lyrics, no Shakespeare, no complex couplets and "multi-level" meanings.  Yes, many others had a hand in writing the songs, but you get the feeling these two hombres selected only the tunes they feel comfortable (and familiar) singing about.Bottom line:  this offering is the best that a wisened, road-hardened Montgomery Gentry could give you, so you must decide if that fits your bill or not.Personally, I can't think of a better CD to drive the Texas highways with!
I was a Skynyrd fan right from the beginning; seeing them play in small venues way back when...The more recent crop of Skynyrd albums have never really resonated with me.  They all seemed to be missing the soul that was Ronnie Van Zant; may he rest in peace.I was a bit reluctant to buy this album, but I went out on a limb and did it anyway and boy am I ever glad that I did.  This album is what Skynyrd used to sound like - IF they ever came out witha country twist album.  The closest thing I can relate it to is "Sweet Home Alabama" type music with a bit more acoustic & pedal steele thrown in for good measure.I am looking forward to more from the Van Zant brothers.
Been a LS and 38 fan for decades.  Very pleased when I heard the brothers were getting together for this.  The album doesn't disappoint.  Does it have a more "country flavor" than previous efforts?  Yes.  But the Southern rock roots that the Van Zants are known for come through loud and clear.
this cd is one of the best I have heard in a long time.  Still love to listen to is..................
The whole Sony debacle, 2 weeks later, comes full circle.  After a ton of backlash, the President of Sony BMG making a fool of himself and his company, people who listen to NPR learning what a rootkit is (on NPR, even), 2 viruses and 3 lawsuits later, this press release came out today:We are aware that a computer virus is circulating that may affect computers with XCP content protection software. The XCP software is included on a limited number of SONY BMG content protected titles. This potential problem has no effect on the use of these discs in conventional, non-computer-based, CD and DVD players.In response to these events, SONY BMG has swiftly provided a patch to all major anti-virus companies and to the general public that guards against precisely the type of virus now said to exist. The patch fixes the possible software problem, and still allows CDs to be played on personal computers. It can be downloaded at [...] Starting today, we will also be adding this link to the SONY BMG label and corporate sites. We deeply regret any possible inconvenience this may cause.We stand by content protection technology as an important tool to protect our intellectual property rights and those of our artists. Nonetheless, as a precautionary measure, SONY BMG is temporarily suspending the manufacture of CDs containing XCP technology. We also intend to re-examine all aspects of our content protection initiative to be sure that it continues to meet our goals of security and ease of consumer use. More information about our content protection initiative can also be found at: [...]
I am really surprised that so many "reviewers" have taken this forum to voice their objection to Sony's practices.  This software is not new.  I remember reading about this YEARS ago concerning some Celine Dion CD.  I expect many of your CDs have this software.  Voice your objections against SONY not against the Van Zant brothers!!!
I love this CD! I play it over and over, and have shared it with other Southern Rock lovers who share my feelings.  Great music combined with the deep, gravelly voices and songs that are easy to relate to make me sing and dance along!  Van Zant has heart, faith and lots of the "good ol' boy" rebellion all wrapped up into a great CD.  I can't wait for another one to come out!
For those of you who don't know, Van Zant has 2 other cd's, 1998's "Brother to Brother,"  and 2001's - "Van Zant II."  II you may ask?  Yes, in 1986, they released "Van Zant" (hence the 2).But anyway.For the one's who rated this "Southern Rock Lite"...Learn to interpret music.  This is country, albeit, some songs are very rock oriented, it still remains country.  "Takin' Up Space," "I Know My History," "I'm Doin' Alright," and "Been There Done That" are all rockin' country.  It still has hardcore country "Nobody Gonna Tell Me What to Do," "Things I Miss the Most," "I Can't Help Myself," and "Plain Jane."For the one person who said they couldn't get the cd to play...Yes you can.  Unless your computer inept and can't open the cd drive on your computer, you can get the cd to play.This cd does infact show their love of God, their love for the south, and the simple way of life.  The one song, that is carried over is "Sweet Mama."  Carried over?  Yes, from Lynyrd Skynyrd's 2003 release "Vicious Cycle."  (Donnie Van Zant penned the song....he also penned "Red, White and Blue" of Skynyrd's too)... Sweet Mama shows the true love they had for Marion "Sister" Van Zant (their mother), and it'll make you feel their feelings.Anytime you see Donnie Van Zant's name in the credit for the song, odds are, he wrote the song, with the help from the others.  Donnie is a brilliant song writer.  That is something he learned from legendary brother Ronnie Van Zant and Ides of March frontman (formerly Survivor), Jim Peterik.Ronnie Van Zant, to me, is by far and away, the greatest lyricist to ever walk the face of the earth...He wrote beautiful lyrics, and is an inspiration not only to Country music, but all music as well.It has rubbed off on Donnie and Johnny.  This cd shines with songs you'll be singing for the rest of the day...and not those types of annoying songs you just cant get out of your head and you want to smash the radio station that played it...the good kind...such as the aforementioned "Nobody Gonna Tell Me What to Do."This cd is a definite buy.  If anyone has read any of my other ratings on here, you'll know I don't rate songs such as the "5/5; 4/5" crap...and I hate people who do so.  Honestly, I'll rate the songs on my own, I don't need somebody telling me what they rated each song.  I do like reading peoples thoughts to whether I should buy the cd.  I reccomend this cd, especially if your a fan of Lynyrd Skynyrd, 38 Special, Montgomery Gentry, or, well...Van Zant.  This cd is one that you'll carry everywhere with you, and is a true hit in the making.
I bought this CD when it was 1st released.  Due to the prevention software and other junk on the CD, it never made it into my soft collection, but this escaped me. From the very start I thought this album was great.  After converting to iPod and mostly retiring my CDs this album got lost in the dust.  I recently discovered it again while going through CDs and hap-hazardly plugged it in, thinking that it contained music I have been listening to on my iPod...SURPYSE!  It was like finding a lost $100.00 dollar bill.  I am so glad I found these again...thus I purchased the proper licensed soft copy.  The low star rating is due to the disappointment with the CD physical properties more than the music, in my guestymate.  Rock on Van Zant Trio...one in spirit with two behind the mike.
GET RIGHT WITH THE MAN is Van Zant's third great duo album in a row. Most of the songs are exemplary, and although the ballads drag a bit, the rockers are rather like a cross between .38 Special, Skynyrd, Toby Keith, and the Outlaws. Several of the songs ("Takin' Up Space", "Help Somebody", "Been There Done That") have an inspirational/cautionary message. Now, if the Van Zant brothers would do an album with the Outlaws' Hughie Thomasson and Henry Paul, and bill it as "The Van Zant-Thomasson-Paul Project", that would be a project that would truly be timeless.
Every song on the CD is good.  A great example of "kickass country" music. Some call it Southern Rock (yes, I'm a Skynard fan) I call it GREAT!!! From the #1 cut, 'Takin' up Space' (one of my favorites!), to the song that sometimes gets air play ('Help Somebody'), to the last track #11, 'Been There Done That', from honkey tonk tempo to ballad, IT'S JUST GREAT MUSIC!
I met Pat Terranova at a truck stop on my way up through Virginia to the Vannin Nationals in 1995, he's the singer song writer in the group, they had just got off tour with Lynyrd Skynyrd, I had never heard of Rambler at the time, the radio played pop even back then. He stopped by our table in the restaurant to ask me if I had ever heard of them, I seem to draw attention where I go, I hadn't, so he gave me a CD, I asked him to sign it immediately, so he opened it up and did so happily, I was so surprised at what I heard when I put it in my van, southern rock, seemingly like I went back to the 70's. Every song on it was great, not one bad one on it.If you are a Skynyrd fan and enjoy southern rock, you want to add this to your collection.
Essential must-have - must-own Droogs CD title. Couldn't get enough of "Set My Love On You", the awesome in-your-face true-to-the roots punk rocker "Call Of Your Dogs", "Jack Of Trades" (great to listen to when you're on the road), the sort of familiar-sounding "Stone Cold World", "Maria" (with it killer harmonica), their somewhat stunning Stooges cover "I Got A Right" and "Countdown To Zero". Line-up: Dave Provost - bass & keyboards, Roger Clay - guitar & vocals, Ric Albin - harmonica & vocals and John Gerlach - drums. Highly recommended.
First new recording in 11 years for New Zealand's finest and most underrated  band.  #37 in The Wire Magazine's Top 50 records of 2007.  These 30 year veterans of the New Zealand postpunk music scene (Flying Nun, Xpressway, and countless bands) create subterranean gothic garage rock cum organ soundscapes with an unhinged Bryan Ferry at the mic.  Think elements of The Velvet Underground, Wire, Joy Division, Pere Ubu, Mission of Burma, and Roxy Music.  The Terminals are no mere imitators of those acts, rather their contemporaries and possessors of their own unique sound.  Last Days of the Sun stands as one of their best recordings; moody, atmospheric, and completely addictive.  One of the best rock records of 2007.  Also look for Last Visible Dog Records' remastered reissue of The Terminals' 1992 classic, Touch.
For all too brief a time, Bad Jamie rocked the Boston/NY/US scene with their cool vibe, crunchy guitars, and mellow tones of lead singer John "Johnny Modern" Marcinuk. The talented bandmates have all moved on to new venues (check out "Worry the Worm"), but this album lives on in the hearts and iPods of the many Bad Jamie devotees. A must have for any serious collection.
I'm the only guy I know who knows who this band is.  That's probably a function of the fact that this is primarily a West Coast act, and as far as I know they've never toured the East Coast (this band is yet another reason to move to Portland, Oregon).  But, I shouldn't be the only guy who knows of this band.  There should be many, many more.I came to this album by way of a search for theAlien Ant Farmcover of Michael Jackson's "Smooth Criminal."  I love alternative covers of all songs, and after downloading the AAF cover, I poked around for some more.  There was the smooth sax cover, the Spanish guitar cover, the club mixes and the endless karaoke covers.  And on the third page of the seach results was Shindig's "Smooth Criminal."  Not the song I was looking for, a long way from it, but I really took to that original sound, the depth of the recording with the guitars and bass, and the unique vocals.  It's based in the blues, but there is more there; I was hearingSteely Danand more than a littleBruce Hornsby and the Range.  I was also hearing another sadly overlooked band:Monkey House.  I'm also hearing country-infused fusion a laSea Level.I like the slow, even and unhurried jams on "Hope" and "Sweet Potato Red."  It's smooth, jazz-tinged blues, quiet and thoroughly enjoyable.My favorite track is "Ethan's Song," a deeply loving ode to a little boy from a divorced dad.  The message is beautiful, but the music is even better, and this is what makes this song work; the words are the face of the message, but there is pure love in the solos.  This is a wonderful song.Bottom line: I'm looking forward to the day Shindig comes to the DC area, as I'll get myself a couple of tickets and thank them personally for doing what they're doing.
Ike Moriz - Play Me (Mosquito Records London)Recorded in London in April 2005, Ike Moriz' second album release on his own Mosquito Records London imprint continued the work he'd done on "Mirrors and Shade". Though many of his recent recordings have found Moriz immersed in the songs and easy style of the 1950s and `60s, his early recordings were very much rooted in the English alternative pop style, pioneered by David Bowie, and enthusiastically sustained by later groups like Suede. As with all Moriz' releases from this period, the songs were written and produced by the artist.He's a skilled pop songwriter, and has indicated in subsequent interviews that because of the rise in popularity of the download, his approach to writing albums was to treat every track as a standalone single. It's a system that obviously works, as the listener is enveloped in a collection of infectious melodies, sing-a-long choruses and enough hooks to fill a fisherman's tackle box. It's no surprise that radio picked up on these songs and they were much played throughout Europe and Moriz' South African homeland. Some six years after their original release, they retain much of their freshness. Many fans of grown-up pop will find a great deal to enjoy, whether it's the all-out sunshine buzz of the title track or the wistful lament of "The Sad Songs".
This maybe my favorite album ever.  It is my go to when I need to get my mind to quiet and focus.
This is probably the album of the decade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! never since astro creep 2000 or psalm 69 or even becks odelay have i been so moved.CHECK OUT THIS BAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY SOUND LIKE BALLS TERRIFIC
This is a fantastic album layered with dynamic lyrics, interesting production and musicianship. It blurs the genres of electronica and rock and infuses it with a psychedelic intelligence.For fans of progressive, emotional and electronic music, this is album is for you.Check Adam.01 at [...]
I wrote the lyrics and sang them on this album. The band disbanded back in 2005. Next thing I know, this album is for sale on Amazon.Interesting, since none of the band mates know anything about this. haha. Funny to also find that we are listed on I-Tunes as Christian rock. WTF? I want a refund. Jesus is getting the credit for my lyrics. What a world. :(-M
This album is raw, powerful, and strongly pulling.  I've been on the hunt for these for a while, and now that they're on Amazon, I could get them.  The best song in my opinion is Lollipop, hard hitting and yet with a gentle edge too.
This album will get low ratings because people take it literally.  However, it wasn't intended to be taken seriously, this album is hilarious!
This is one of those rare bands that really caught my ear on Pandora. I got really excited and did some further investigation only to find out that their ship had already sailed - the band was no more. This is usually a stopping point for me, but I really liked the music and bought the cd anyway, much to my credit. This is an excellent cd with good songs throughout in the indie/psychedelic vein mined by the Flaming Lips and Grandaddy around the same time frame. Excellent vocals, lyrics, playing - they really had it all except good fortune. Maybe the band's name threw people off as it doesn't really allude to the music within. This is not a Mariachi band. I have seen some other great bands, such as Marjorie Fair or Neva Dinova that fail in this respect as well. Highly recommended.
This is alternative music at it's best! It's unique. It's brilliant. It's well produced. It's somewhere between Glam, Rock, and Folk. It's a hidden gem in the history of rock music. I hope the rest of the world discovers it before it's too late. Karma Ex Machina have produce a CLASSIC! check it out.
Very Good CD!  Reminds me a little of the very early Dandy Warhols, and I mean that in a positive way.  None of the songs on this CD are as poppy as the dandys.  great psychedelic music.  thanks guys
This is an amazing disc from a little know psychedelic / trance band from, of all places, San Antonio Texas.  I was fortunate enough to see them play live over the course of 2 years before they went their seperate ways, and this is a complilation of some of their best shows.  Even thought the tracks are from 4 different shows, they are all seamlessly rolled into one sonic journey. The price for the disc in download format is absurdly inexpensive and worth many times more.  Highly recommended.
[...] describing the music as...David Bowie giving Ted Nugent head, The Indigo Girls beating the The White Stripes at pool, Jack Johnson selling Beck a hit of acid, Guns n' Roses playing keep away from Moby, Weezer asking Gwen Stefani to the prom, The Strokes celebrating Purim,Iggy Pop borrowing money from Scott Weiland, Brian Wilson asking Sid Barrett for directions The Black Eyed Peas giving Nickleback cornrows, Sonic Youth arguing with Green Day about the definition of punk, Marilyn Manson doing his homework, Courtney Love giving birth to Eddie Vedder, Motley Crue learning to read,  Perry Farrell's bar mitzvah band, The Rolling Stones teaching The All-American Rejects how to rock up their coke, Coldplay in a bar fight with AC/DC, Fall Out Boy introducing System of a Down to their parents, Sinead O'Connor daring The Goo Goo Dolls to make out with Dashboard Confessionals, Kelly Clarkson masturbating...But the actual disc is something special.  It is a trippy loop spectacular combining insane vocals with deep dishes of psychodelia and alt-angst/alt-folk.  This is like a some weird amalgam of the last 50 years of music all pushed through Pro-Tools and then rinsed in a bath of X before being spun out on a disc.Well worth it!
This band from the Milwaukee and Madison WI area.  They have a great groove.  If you like the Grateful Dead, Widespread Panic or other "jam" bands, you will like "In the Sun".  Featuring Annie Perry on Lead Vocals, Rob Giannattasio on Drums, Scott Finch on Piano/Organ/Vocals, Paul Countryman on Guitar/Vocals, T.J. Glowacki on Bass, and Bob Parduhn on Guitar/Vocals.  [...]
I am not saying this just because she will sic her hounds of hell upon me if I say otherwise.  She sings with strength and power, doing so as a female and making no apologies for being a woman.  I am not the greatest fan of country music, but the power of her presence while making music reminds me of a stronger version of Janis Joplin or a Tori Amos with a greater vocal range.  One thing I cannot understand is why she is not a greater success than she already is.
I love this album.  I've never loved an album more.  If this Album were food it would be a dessert.  If it were a car it would go very fast.  And it if were a toilet no one would ever want to use it. Of course, it's my album, so I'm a bit biased.
Ok, so it's amazing that MBWTEYP got a record deal. Because they are excellent. And being German just makes it better. They have a lot of new material that wasn't available before, and it's all good. I especially recommend "So Deep."Tschus!
This is an incredible work based on the popular SCi-Fi novel. The author of the book, having heard this CD, said that this was a remarkable achievement. I agree.
Pointe Blank has been toiling on the local scene now for a number of years. They are based in Attleboro Massachusetts and do many live gigs in Rhode Island and Massachusetts. I was impressed with the band's first album, "Truth Be Told". This group is family based. A mom, 2 daughters, a brother and one outsider. You get the sense that there is a certain desperation in their sound. The music can only be described as alt-rock with pop sensibilities and a dash of '80's punk thrown in for good measure. The female lead vocals of "mom" provide an almost Pat Benatar strength to any guitar riff the band lays down. On "Providence" you get a bit more melody then on the first offering. But like the first CD, this one takes some time to digest. In fact, Pointe Blank is a band that truly gets better and more intense with repeated listenings. "Mr Reality" opens with a generous amount of guitar-ispherics and pounding drum lines. These cool riffs continue throughout the disc. "27" and "Dying To Live" (with the brother on vocals) rollick on with a distinct blend of bass-keyboard and drum interface. This could even be described as vintage new wave at times or '80's college rock. But the band has a habit of slowing down to a more adult comtemporary speed on tracks like "By The Wayside", with mom delivering some powerhouse vocals and raw emotion. This also happens on "Part of You", "Hide Me in Your Heart" and "Save Me". These are toughly sung ballads that contain hints of the band's more rocking side. The band never stoops to simple pop structures. On the title track you sense a real attempt at '80's new wave and rock. It's the keyboards that really bring it home. This song has some double meaning as I think the band is referring to what goes on in Providence Rhode Island as well as God's Providence. Some other stand-out cuts include "Truth is a Killer" with it's very David Crowder Band delivery. Also, "Red Sun Rising" with it's U2 guitar-technics.Pointe Blank is a special band. They minister the Gospel of Jesus Christ in one of the coldest spiritual regions in the whole world. They do it in a way that is non-churchy, but direct, as well as thought provoking. Their songs are personal, meaningful and anecdotal. The family aspect of the band gives the music a connectedness and a comradarie that elimates internal competition amongst the members. The result is better creativity within the band, and better songwriting. For a local, non major label band, Pointe Blank is a rare group. I urge all Christians and non-Christians to check out this new album. It will exceed your expectations.
Progressive Rock is my favorite category of music and I have listened to a very large number of groups and albums. So, I can say with some authority that this release is really outstanding!!!The lyrics are really cool, the musicianmanship is first rate, great voices, and the melodies are quite interesting and draw you in. I find myself reaching for this one quite often since purchasing it.It is very difficult to compare them to other groups since they really have a unique style. It is definately not in the hard-rock/metal category. The overall tone is probably comparable to Genesis or Marillion. But I'm not saying that they sound like either one of them.I recommend that you check it out if you are inclined to listen to this category of music. Otherwise, you are going to miss a real gem!
This is a great follow-up to their debut album.  The songs display an evolution in sound, production, and technique from &#34;Thee Emergency&#34;.  The opening track, &#34;Call 911&#34; starts with a 1 minute drum solo, which is pretty daring in this day and age.  Who starts and album with a drum solo?They've gone from garage band punk/noise to groovy blues based guitar rock.  Brava Dita Vox and the boys.
I actually stumbled upon this group at a summer festival in Seattle.  I had never heard them but was initially hit with the cast of characters:  the stunning female lead singer wailing her pipes;  the guitarist with his minature american flag hanging from his guitar; and the sweat-soaked drummer.  After soaking up this scene I couldn't help but think of those great 70's bands sweating it out via song!  The point is that you can really FEEL the passion in their music (especially live).  They really have something special going on with their current group.  See them live, get their album, or just do what you have to do to expose yourself to this great band!
My favorite album from Family Groove company. Rocks so hard, I wish I was there to see this live. yea
This is one of the best albums I have ever heard!! So glad I was able to find it again!
just found this disc in a cd case it wasn't supposed to be in.  went to many shows towards the end of their time in riverside, ca.  1992.  eventually they sold out every week.  can't believe how ahead of it's time it was.  this is it from spiderworks.  this albumn is a must have.  cause this is the one chris wrote.  nobody was as far out as this dude.  talk about partying like a rock star.  chris i loved your music still do, hope ur still makin it and doin alright.
Timothy Pure is one of those bands that remind you of early Genesis. The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway period in particular. But, unlike some others I could mention, they don't come across as a deliberate imitation of Genesis. Island of Misfit Toys is a fantasy story, where the world of children's lives are allegory for adult situations. That's my take on it anyways. I'm certain the song "Mia's Game" is about female masturbation and I'm sure some of the other songs are about the abuse of power and conformity. Like Genesis's "Lamb" the songs progress from one emotional statement to another. It's an emotional and cinematic piece of music that I find very satisfactory. My biggest disappointment it that Timothy Pure has not continued to produce more product. They have at the least one more CD in the works, but it is already years behind any scheduled release. That's a shame, because to me, music this good is hard to find.
All 4 track on this mini cd are vocal. Great lyrics and melody. Very modern surf music.
Brilliant mini cd. Shows his vocal sonwriting skills. Great, well written songs, played, written and produced by The Surfing Guitarist. He stands alone in this corporate world of mediocrity! Check put all his other (mainly instrumental) stuff dudes.Sonic Invasion!
I have loved Gaia Consort (now known as Bone Poets Orchestra) for years, and Vitus Dance is one of my favorite albums from the group. The music ranges from the ethereal to the silly. If you enjoy their sound, I would absolutely recommend that you purchase this album!
this album was my introduction to this amazing band. it isnt often that I like a whole album, but this one is definitely one I never tire of.I have several of their albums and just purchased 2 of their albums they released under the name Bone poets Orchestra. give them a listen, I think you'll like them
This is a really fun, high energy Distortion Rock album. I've seen this band live in Sacramento and they put on a really really good show. They can fill up a small venue with only a half hours notice that they are going to play. I know because I've seen them do it. Whether opening a show or headlining a show, they are usually the best, highest energy show around. I love them!
This is the first album from the Brooklyn-based band 'Black Bunny.' (I recently reviewed the second album, Chasing the Ghost). If you are a fan of classic rock, great guitar playing, and and fed up with the nonsense on the radio these days, you'll want to check out this band... Both albums are amazing, but very different.
After waiting many years for a follow up to Thisway's self titled CD I was very happy to stumble across Black Bunny, which includes former members Brandon Wilde and Chris Foley. This is that rare disc that you can tell is a great one after only one spin. Brandon Wilde's poetic but relatable lyrics eclipse even his very repectable 2007 solo effort, "Songs From The Deep Sleep". The standout track on this CD is the very catchy "How's It Gonna Be"(Track #8). Track #2 "Survival" is also a keeper with lyrics such as, "Got a pocket of gold maybe I'll share it with you, Hit a bump in the road after all we'd been through..." Track #11 "Butterfly" has a distinct Beatles feel to it and of course that's meant as a compliment. There really are no throw away tracks on the CD but don't take my word for it, give it a listen!
I love this album. And, if you can believe it, they are even better in concert. Great indie sound.
Again another myspace band I found them on, and I love them, there songs are good classic hard rock baby, and i think the guys are totally fine at that to, I can't wait to see music vids from these guys in the future ROCK ON BABYS
I saw the movie "Searching for Sugarman" and enjoyed it very much.  So I downloaded this "album" as mp3's, and am very impressed with this guy's work.  All the songs on the album are interesting and meaningful.  It is easy to understand how he became such a big hit in some countries, hard to understand how it didn't happen here.My personal favorite songs on this album are "Forget it" and "I Wonder".  Of course, they are catchy and easy to like.
It's been said in other reviews, but I also purchased this album after watching the documentary Searching For Sugar Man.If you've never heard of Rodriguez, you're not alone.  This is one of those times when you see something and wonder &#34;How have I never heard of this before NOW?&#34;.Definitely worth buying if you like music from this era.  The sound is very unique and yet familiar somehow at the same time.
Want your ears to love you?  Want to change what you know music to be?  Want great stories to,d in a song?  Then buy this.
The story about Rodriguez is amazing in itself, but the music is divine. It is emotional and still relevant today. I would highly recommend anyone who loves Leonard Cohen and Bob Dylan to give this album a chance.
If you've seenSearching For Sugar Man, I don't need to tell you why you need to get this album. If you haven't, let me explain:In the 60's and early 70's, Rodriguez was a drifter playing gigs in Detroit. He was painfully shy, often sitting in the far corner of a bar with his back to the apathetic audience, singing to the wall. He was likethe Fiddler in the Subway, an immense talent whose music carried the soul and poetry of an inner-city Bob Dylan but who busy passersby and bar patrons rarely noticed.He was eventually noticed by a local producer from a small record label, with whom he released "Cold Fact." It flopped badly, probably because the small label didn't have much promotional force and probably because the name "Rodriguez" is not exactly marketing gold. He was given another chance and released a second album ("Coming from Reality") the next year (1971), but it also flopped badly, leaving Rodriguez out of work. He spent most of the rest of his life doing hard labor around Detroit, and doing it with dignity and honor, wearing a suit to work every day and doing the dirty work that no one else would do. Acquaintances knew him as a gentle, unassuming eccentric, and his music career was forgotten as something from his youth. His music wasn't even in circulation in the U.S.So this extraordinary, 70-y-o man who spent most of his adult life as an inner-city laborer has been resurrected to popularity through a bizarre series of events documented in Searching for Sugar Man.42 years later, this music still holds up remarkably well, as so much music from the late 60's and early 70's does. To say that this album is worth buying would be a major understatement. There is a song that seems awfully out of place ("Only Good for Conversation") and there is a song that simply isn't very good ("I Wonder"), but on the whole, this is some of the greatest music to be produced by possibly the greatest music-producing city. "Crucify Your Mind" sounds like Bob Dylan at his most soulful moments, and "Sugar Man" sounds like King Crimson at theirs. But where this album reaches its most glorious heights is songs like "Hate Street Dialogue" and "Like Janis" and "Jane S. Piddy," which deliver a soily poetry that is uniquely Detroit and uniquely Rodriguez, the type of music that we've been impoverished without.
I made my acquaintance with Mr. Rodriguez through &#34;searching for sugarman&#34; - and I was totally taken by his lyrics, music and performance. how is it possible that such a genius escaped the public attention is beyond me
Rodriguez is a long lost gem.  His music inspiried South Africa and Australia.  Go to sugarman.org to learn more.  He has begun touring again to rave reviews and after being discovered in Detroit doing a layman's job.
It was amazing. I am not going to repeat what I said before. Please read my comments  that I made on the album for the movie.Alberto Cohen-Abbo
Shocked me how the US never got his music, his messages helped start a revolution in South Africa in the 70's...In my opinion, his albums merit to be listened to at least once by anyone who has some sense of social and personal awareness-
This album was on repeat for me back in the early 90's. I thought this guy had killed himself and was really glad to find out he didn't.
the music is very special, how this guy got overlooked for 40 years is beyond me. but to really appreciate just how special this guy is you need to see the documentary &#34;sugarman&#34; easy to rent on netflix. this music is haunting, beautiful and fun
He songs are amazing. He is pure poetry. I enjoy the message and imaginary that his songs depict. Great artist.
Came across Rodriguez through the documentary, &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;. Interesting story, interesting artist. I don't understand why this album failed in the US, this was the music of that time.
We learned about Rodriguez and his extraordinary path to celebrity from an episode of 60 Minutes.Rodriguez has been around and relatively unknown since the 1960's.What a talented and humble man. Great singer/songwriter.So happy people are learning about him finally!
Superb album.  I really wish he had gotten his recognition in the USA.  I find myself able to identify with a lot of these songs, even with a generation of separation.
Many reviewers talk about how it harkens back to the 60's and 70's and compare him to Dylan. I can't see how it is possible to place the lyrics at any time period. I think the difficulty figuring out where he was from in the movie shows how removed from any time or place his lyrics are. It may be that people that do not listen to a wide variety of music hear the music as retro and place it in the past because of that but to me it makes more sense to compare him to someone like TS Eliot or Buddha than Dylan. There are lines in his songs that many songwriters would figure they could retire after they had written they are so perfect.  He has whole songs of such lines like "I saw my reflection in the tears of my father's dying eyes." Plus, his melodies are infectious and pleasing and every song is hoping that it will make you a better person by hearing it. It is probably better not to compare him to anyone or to describe him by saying he is of a time period or place and just let him sing to you and see what happens.  I have about 8000 CDs and this one is far beyond anything I even imagined.
Rodriguez's music is the best!  I saw him perform at Radio City in Manhattan and he sounded exactly like this CD from 40 years ago.  He's the most humble legend.  Love it!
I saw his story on Waiting for Sugarman and decided to buy his albums. His songs tell stories and speak out on social themes.
Another fantastic album.  It's worth getting so you can play it and play it until someone backs him to do another.  Once you hear him you can't help but hope for more.
He was born in 1942 in a Mexican-American family in Detroit. Always absorbed in music and poetry, Sixto Rodriguez found himself playing every type of gig in the Motor City until commingle involved with musician/producer/songwriter Dennis Coffey and signing to Sussex label where he created this album which turned out to be an enormous underground musical success story...in South Africa that is. While critically acclaimed this album did nothing stateside,their were fantastical rumors about Rodriguez's supposed suicide until this elusive human being was discovered alive and well again in the late 90's. For more,best to refer to the excellent documentarySearching for Sugar Man. For me personally it was this album that peaked my curiosity first. A man who always wore sunglasses and seemed nearly invisible. Who was he? Why was this album the "psyche-folk masterpiece" it was promoted as from the sticker on the cover? True seeing the documentary helped some. But sometimes the ears have it. I've heard this now and absorbed it. And this is what my own ears heard."Sugar Man",perhaps the song most closely associated with Rodriguez is a melodically moody and beautifully orchestrated bluesy folk/soul with lyrics poetically illustrating the escape (and trap) drug use offers to some over the realities of American inner city life for the working poor. On the ferocious psychedelic rocker "Only Good For Conversation", a lady is berated for her self absorption-perhaps: the lyrics have much ambiguity about them which makes them very appealing. On the equally beautifully arranged "Crucify Your Mind" and the hard grooving,bluesy funkiness of "The Establishment Blues","Hate Street Dialog","Rich Folks Hoax","James S Piddy",Inner City Blues" before Marvin Gaye even had that in his own song of the same title as well as "Gommorah (A Nursery Rhyme)" Rodriguez showcases his observations of the callousness of those who allow themselves to become essentially corporate prostitutes and indulge themselves in endless exploitation of...well people just like him and those he knew all his life I imagine.  "Forget It" and "Like Janis" are both amazing folk/rock compositions-inspired some by Bob Dylan's poetically romantic numbers of the era yet far more plain spoken in orientation.With it's prominent opening bass line,shuffling Motown-like rhythm and very catchy hook "I Wonder" comes off as an obvious attempt at a hit. And a very good one too. Would love to have been hearing this on compilation albums growing up myself: thoughtful pop soul all the way. So sure this album had a cult following and inspired an anti apartheid social revolution in South Africa. That is wonderful and touching. Yet what makes this album so compelling is in it's musicality. So many people have sought to be mouthpieces for the working class minorities of America. Rodriquez was the real deal in every respect,and still is. With the help of Coffey he was instrumentally able to mix acoustic based folk rock,blues and psychedelic soul with a touch of Hispanic folk into a potent brew of humanistic lyricism that speaks directly to the listener. This is truly music for the people. And it reaches them with very few of the cliches most such music goes by-even the romantic type numbers. Also he doesn't pander to the "grimness is beautiful" ethic either. While he is truthful about the sociopolitical truths around him,there is always a melody and/or lyrics that are beautiful and positive. He offers a good balance of social outrage and romantic passion. Therefore, I can see his appeal very easily and why-even if he only ever made this one album why it deserved the recognition it finally received.
I play this cd all the time.  Love the fact that you can actually understand the lyrics and that they actually mean something!
If you haven't watched Searching for Sugarman, you should watch the amazing documentary as soon as possible! Rodriguez's music, first released in the '70s, is hauntingly beautiful.  His words are reminiscent of Bob Dylan, but his sweet voice brings so much more to his wonderful songs.  Even without knowing this man's incredible story, his music stands tall, next to the best of the best of 1970s musical geniuses!
It's hard to believe that Rodriguez hasn't been famous in Australia before now.His lyrics are amazing and so is his voice.What a star!
This was a new artist to me but I ordered the CD anyway to try something new.  I was NOT disappointed.  It is a great album by an excellent performer and I'm enjoying adding it to my listening list.
I must have bought 10 copies of this album when it first came out. I gave most of them to my friends, so many in fact that I don't own a copy myself. I was the music freek (nut!!) amongst my friends and since I thought that Bob Wills or Jimmy Reed would have been a bit much for them, I played Cold Fact. Since I couldn't be bothered bringing the album to their houses each weekend, I bought them copies and left them there. Every time we gathered for a Fri/Sat night out we would put on Rodriquez, toke up, have a few drinks, eat pistachio nuts and groove to "Sugar Man" et al. I have to admit I haven't heard this album for over 25 years but I can still sing the words to nearly every song!!!! I am amazed that this album had such a small audience; mainly in Australia and Sth Africa, as it is an iconic release. Australia had an extemely vibrant Pop music scene in the 70's  thanks to Ian "Molly" Meldrum and his popular Countdown TV show. Along with Rodriguez, Countdown broke ABBA, which is a good or bad thing depending on one's perspective. If anyone out there, in a moment of madness, wants to find out what the average!! Aussie music buff was getting off on in the early 70's grab a copy of a Rodriguez album and see how off the planet we really were.
As a novelist, I closely listen to the lyrics, how one crafts the words to engage the listener of a song or the reader of a book.
After watching &#34;looking for Sugarman&#34; which is a documentary of the artists life, we wanted more of his music.  Very pure and ballad like this guy would have given Dillon a run for his money if his career had been handled correctly.
I found out about Rodriguez from the documentary Finding  the Sugar Man. He is a unique and authentic talent. I loved the way he was able to convey the way of life on the streets of Detroit.
This may be Rodriguez's best album.  Songs from it are heard in the Searching for Sugar Man documentary.  I am blown away by how good this album was and am mystified why it was not played in the U.S.  Thanks to the South African who got a copy of the album and brought it back home where South Africans recognized the brilliance and gave it the playing time and credit it so well deserves.
Music is utterly fantastic. I recommend everyone see the movie Looking For Sugarman. The music falls into place after that.
After seeing the documentary:  Searching for SugarMan, I knew I wanted to listen to some of Rodriguez's music again.  I had to be dragged to see a documentary about a musician.  But, the Academy got it right when the documentary received an Oscar.  Fantastic story, and music which certainly should not have been lost for so long.  This is worth listening to again and again.
Excellent 'raw' music that every should listen to. A most humble man whose music was not exposed enough to the rest of the world.
Sixto Rodriguez is a fabulous singer / songwriter / musician from the 60's and 70's who was largely overlooked in the United States. He has been the subject of numerous but inaccurate rumors related to his death; however he is still alive and playing his hits most recently on the Late Show with David Letterman and is the subject of the film biography "Finding Sugarman".His music has recently been recognized and this album, Cold Fact:Cold Fact, has been re-released and is a fantastic album.  This is a must have album for any person that appreciate original music and thought provoking lyrics.  Once you have this album it is also recommended that you listen to and purchase his follow up album Coming From Reality:Coming from Realitywhich has also been re-released.
...and excellent story of Rodriguez himself on the documentary Searching for Sugarman.  I'd recommend both to others who are interested in rock music of the 70s and in the history of the anti-apartheid movement in South Africa.
This album is great and it was so nice to have it immediately at the time of purchase through my iOS devices.  Thank you
I have been listening to this over and over. A real 70's vibe combined with a great variety of music. The lyrics are poetic.
I had a tape from the 70's and it wore out.  Being able to listen to it on CD is amazing.  If you love Dylan, you will love this - and he CAN sing.
Especially &#34;This is not a song, it's an Outburst&#34;Describes the beginning of the end for Detroit, the end is close, now 40 years later todayCould be the song of many cities todayhe's like a profit
I have rewritten this review over and over trying to share with my words the experiene of this album.  Rodriquez crafted an album of immense complexity with an economy of words and melody. After our first listening to Cold Fact, my husband and I fell silent.  We had no words to express this album's impact.  I am so pleased that we could purchase this great work.
I loved the movie, Searching for Sugarman, about Rodriguez, the singer/writer of the songs on Cold Fact.  This CD did not disappoint me.  I like every song on it except one, which is unusal for a CD.
If you saw the movie Looking for Sugarman, you have to get this album.  It's one of a kind.  Very good.
Great album! Downloaded without a flaw. Another great Amazon experience! Wich I could have known about this back in the day, might have heard more from him with some record sales.
what an awesome artist. i love the cd and all the songs, i really do believe this guy is as good as dylan. not to put dylan down, but that the people who have overlooked rodriguez and what he had to offer and say for his day, he should have been performing as much if not more than dylan...in that respect. unbelievable lyrics. brings back all the passion and feelings i had in that time. and...that i still to this day believe. sure glad he was found again.
This is the debut album of a nearly forgotten artist in the 60's that really is like finding buried treasure.  These songs speak for a generation and are classics no one has ever heard of!
After seeing Searching for Sugar Man, I had to have the CD's and was not disappointed. Too bad he had to wait 40 + years to see this kind of success. Excellent
Just like many others, I was blown away with the movie Searching For Sugarman. An incredible story, and it's hard to imagine that this great artist was more well-known in South Africa than Elvis, and yet never earned any money because his music was pirated.Not only did I buy this album, I also bought his other album, Coming From Reality. I'm hoping Rodriguez finally not only gets the recognition for his work but starts to get amply paid for his talent. I do hope we'll hear more music from this humble genius!!
Great music! A unique and sweeter-voiced combination of Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen (and a little of the Beatles.) Brilliant writer and amazing album.
Wonderful album. I bought this about half way through &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34;. Shame this guy never got the recognition he deserved until just now.
What a revelation. This man makes must like no other.And to think, he has been working as a condractor for all these years!
This is such a wonderful vinyl. The music is mind blowing to say the least. A must have for music collectors.
I love everything he does-only sorry we seem to have found him so late in his life!  What a great talent!  Makes me feel like I am back in the 70's again.  I play his music everyday now.
Rodriguez is an excellent song writer and singer. How such a talent could remain undiscovered for so long compared to the vast amount of worthless music being recorded and sold today remains a mystery to me. &#34;Cold Fact&#34;, along with his second release &#34;Coming From Reality&#34; should be added to your music library and enjoyed.
Very well produced, high quality, very pleasant to listen to. Bought after viewing the South African documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;.
bought this for a family member hope she likes it as much as I do.....very habit forming and relaxing, love it
Beautifully written lyrics. He should continue to write. He's from my era so I know he can still conjure great songs from his magical bag of musical bliss
I saw the movie Searching for Sugarman.  What an incredible journey and an even more incredible musician.  They don't make them like that anymore.  Anyway, I ordered the two albums that he did make and I love them both.
There are a lot of good songs on this CD.  The story behind the CD is found in In Search of Sugar Man on DVD.  The personal story of Rodriguez is remarkable.  He received an honorary Doctorate, but earned his Masters while working hard in Detroit.  His songs stay with you.  His story will amaze you.  Get both the CD and DVD.
I don't know how Rodriguez managed to get overlooked in the '60's & '70's in the US!  He was a major hit in South Africa and Australia and I really hope he will now get his due here in the States.The best way to describe him is &#34;Dylan-esque&#34;, so if you are a Bob Dylan fan, you will likely enjoy this CD as well.I don't think there is a single song on the CD that I don't like...give it a try!!
An amazing first album from Rodriguez. He evokes the sound of Dylan and Woody Guthrie but it is uniquely his own. I look forward to seeing him in concert this year!
I grew up in South Africa and bought this LP in the 70's.  When I moved to the States 8 years ago I could not believe that no one here has even heard of him. Unbelievable!! He has got to be the most incredible singer/song writer I have ever heard. He was an icon in our High School and I can't think of one person in SA who doesn't have his Cold Fact album.  I hope and pray that he will tour the USA and I would do anything to see him perform.  Another unknown artist from Texas is Shawn Phillips, who is equally talented.Rodriguez, Shawn you rock!!
Wanna feel good?  See the film first, &#34;Searching for Sugarman,&#34; about this songwriter who slipped past us in the '60s and '70s.  Great poet, great voice, and even greater true spirit of living life simply.  He supports my philosophy that Christ comes back every now and then and we're just too busy to notice.  Rodriguez may be this era's visit.And the albums are superb.  Let the film introduce you and you won't be playing anything else when you drive anywhere.
I hate writing reviews for music. I'm not a critic. I like what I like and usually can't tell you why. I recommend seeing the movie about this singer/songwriter, Searching for Sugar Man. You'll either love his music or not, but you won't leave the movie without being moved by his life story and his influence in South Africa. Amazing. Worth buying.
We had never heard of Rodriguez before seeing &#34;Looking for Sugar Man&#34;. He is an amazing song writer and performer never given his due. So glad to see his talent acknowledged and celebrated at this late date. This CD should be in every music lover's collection.
For those that saw Searching For Sugarman, this is a required buy!  The sound is great!  180 gram vinyl is used and the liner notes are extensive.  Paging for shipping was perfect as well!
If I had only had this so so long ago I might have been able to make it thru life easier! I have bought all his music & will be going to his concert..Even if it costs me 2 weeks pay!! LISTEN TO THE WORDS!
Rodriguez has been a household name in South Africa since the early 70's. The album Cold Fact has become a cult classic in South Africa, but unbelievably Rodriguez is still unknown elsewhere (except maybe in  Australia, New Zealand, Zimbabwe, and now Sweden!). He is never mentioned  in any music magazines, rock encyclopedias or any other publications on the  history of Rock. As one news headline said during the 1998 South African  tour: &quot;American Zero, South African Hero&quot;.
Sure we hear people say something is &#34;as good as Dylan&#34;.  In this case I have no qualms in saying COLD FACT is better than Dylan.  Sweeping social and political commentary, but with better music, more variety and better sung.  &#34;Sugar Man&#34;, &#34;Crucify Your Mind&#34;, and &#34;Like Janis&#34; are as great a trifecta of songs as any similar artist has ever recorded.  &#34;I Wonder&#34; is the monster hit single that never was, with a catchy bass opening and lyrics that are both fun and socially relevant.Buy this: you won't regret it!
Buy this if you enjoy old time rock ballards and want to support a legendery musician who still lives in the heart
this album has some great song on it to make you think he is a great musician and singer my hat is off to you
The Cold facts surrounding Rodriguez's life story are about ultimate triumph and fame.  The music and lyrics are just excellent in any time period and any culture where people are beaten down and need a voice.  He is not a social reformer; these are not protest songs from the 60's.  The songs demand your attention as there are many nuanced meanings.  The delivery is clear and honest.  Rodriguez's voice, once you hear it, will resonate in the listener's brain and be inscribed there.  You can't mistake him for anyone else.  A truly exceptional collection.
This albums is fantastic. My only disappointment is that I did not know about it sooner. Each track has a timeless feel that is comparable to Bob Dylan.
His voice is delightful and I so enjoy this cd.  After seeing Finding Surgarman on HBO I had to have the music too.
Cold Fact should really be named Hot, Hot Fact, in fact.  The CD quickly grows on you and you want to replay it over and over again.
Very good music and a great story. The combination of lyrics and great melodies offer a unique and timeless musical trattoria. How could it have taken so long to be recognized?
Rodriguez is unique singer & composer!Finally he is recgized a such by the music world. Good for him & FOR us.
Great to hear in analogue (phono) what I previously owned in digital, Every thing I expected. Just got my turntable in action again and am looking forward to buying more records, Probably check out Rodriguez's other works.
This is a great cd, my husband loves it, he is always playing it, he thinks this a  unique talent
It's his first! After hearing about the movie: Looking for Sugarman, I wanted to hear him.Better than Dylan. From an old hippie.
I love all of the songs in this album.  He's a great composer who has not achieved all the recognition he deserves.
I love this man's music and think it's a shame that he wasn't promoted better in this country.  I'd like everything he's recorded.
This artist is any day as good as Bob Dylon, his songs tell storeys and tkes one back to the 60's and 70's.
Saw the movie, loved the story and the music, bought the CD, played the CD several times, now the music is in my head and won't go away.  At random moments the tunes and the words just seem to reappear.  Its a tribute to the quality of the music that after just a few playings I can remember so much.  This is rapidly becoming one of my go to albums.  Like the very best music it has layers that unfold over time. Why it took a movie to rediscover it amazes me.
Rodriguez's voice is clear and music is well orchestrated. He's quite an insightful poet and his words reflect timeless events and emotions.
Very lovely album, I bought it is a gift for my mother and she truly appreciates it. Great album, I recommend it.
loved the movie & love this CD. i  can clearly understand the phenom he was and continues to be. would love to see him in concert
This guy is so incredible. He was beyond his time.  He is in his 60s and his music should be on the radio today.  It is great that Amazon sells his CDs.......
This album is very inspiring. You take a kid singer song writer living in poverty and put his stuff on a record you are looking for some pain. What Rodriguez does is give you a will to fight the system and try and succeed. It is a major shame that nobody bought the album. When the movie Searching for the Sugarman came out I wasn't going to watch it but had nothing else to watch so I put it on. Thank God I did because if I didn't I would have never heard this man's music. I was amazed at the level of popularity he achieved in South Africa and never knew about it.......Unreal. Watch the movie and buy the disc you will not be disappointed my friend I assure you!!
This is one of the two albums Rodriguez has produced in his life. If you like well crafted personal song this and the companion disc, &#34;Coming From Reality&#34; should be in your playlist.
love this album! I wish I had heard it in the 70s when I was young like Sixto. This guy is a poet.
I wish I had been aware of Rodriguez 40 years ago.  Better late than never. Love to listen and sing along.
This singer songwriter is wonderful and has such a compelling back story that his songs will make you cry with their beauty
If word of mouth is anything to go by on good music, Then Rodriguez's debut album 'Coldfact' would be top of the charts!Everytime I have this album playing in public, I always have someone say to me, "who's this? It's really good, I really like it" etc etcOnce I proceed to tell them the unbelievable story that is Rodriguez, They are hooked and heading out to buy the album and tell all their friends about him.There is something romantic about story of Rodriguez, his American obscurity, his SA and Australian notoriety, his reluctant fame and humble self! At the heart of his story is this album called Coldfact. It's an album that takes you on a journey unlike most albums of the last 40 years. I true treasure in anyones record collection that takes the time to simply listen.It makes me glad to see he is finally getting recognition for this masterpiece all these years on!
I highly recommend this CD. It's rare when you can understandevery lyric that's being sung. Since I bought it, I can't stop listeningto it...and you will too!
Also heard it on NPR and discovered it. It's a brilliant album, cover-to-cover, one of the true ones you can listen to in order and just sit back and enjoy. It really has a theme and a progression.Beautiful stuff.
Great songs with intelligent and catchy lyrics, a real wordsmith! Love the production and the playing I would reccomend this album to fans of any style of music.
This is a great CD. It arrived quickly but there seems to be a slight skip thru out the CD. Other than that, its a beautiful CD. So glad I purchased it
I thoroughly enjoy this CD.  I play it over & over.  I LOVE Rodriguez, his music, his words, the amazing person he is.  Anyone who did not see the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; needs to.
Watch the dvd, Searching for Sugarman and you can't help but love this album.  The story behind the Rodriguez is super cool.....inspiring!!!!!
Rodriquez is the Bob Dylan of South Africa. He is not known in the U.S. but that should change soon. I believe that he is a genius. the music & words that he wrote so long ago are still on the cutting edge today. I love music that you can listen to & gets its points across without having to use cuss words. I would recommend this CD to my children & grandchildren.
And you don't get more lost than Rodriguez, the Detroit bard whose brief early-70s career never went anywhere. But this CD (it was a record then) is strong throughout, with several tracks that should have been on AOR rotation for the past 45 years but have not been. &#34;Sugar Man&#34; is the best of the lot, but &#34;Forget It&#34;, &#34;Inner City Blues&#34;, &#34;I Wonder&#34; and &#34;RIch Folks Hoax&#34; are all pretty good too. Like you (probably) I saw the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; and was intrigued, but the CD really underscores the story in a big way. This disc has been on heavy rotation in my own sound system since I got it on Amazon (I also have the second CD, &#34;Coming from Reality&#34; - can't say it gives me the same pleasure that this one does.)
I love the music so much.  It is hard to believe how America missed this artist but I am so happy we have him now.  The music seems new and just as relevant today as it was when he wrote and performed it so long ago.
Saw the movie, and fell in the love with the music. How in the world did we miss this album? the lyrics, the musicians, are all stellar. keep it in my car to listen often
He is like a Bob Dylan who can sing. He has an interesting life. See the documentary about him as soon as you can.
I watched the movie and never heard of this guy.  What a piece of American music that is awesome.  Good to see the South Africans attempted to locate Sixto.  I purchase the Coming from Reality CD as well and equally impressive.  Love the horns in the background.  Also love the Amazon Cloud Music Player.  I'm hooked and loaded on my iPhone.
great music from the early 70's - I have the cassette,but no longer have a player,so this CD brings back memories of a mis-spent youth
A composer / lyricist / singer very much of the very late 1960s who truly surpasses the like of Bob Dylan and so many contemporaries, yet who is almost unknown to 'modern' music audiences ?? For me, hard to believe, but indisputably true, especially after I bought and heard this phenomenably wonderful album ...
We found this artist on 60 Minutes, and was amazed at how popular & loved he was in South Africa,while here in the states no one ever heard of him until the TV show. He is in my opinion like astreet version of Leonard Cohen and Bob Dylan. If you want to purchase his albums I highlyrecommend Two: Cold Fact & Stixt Rodreguez 1971, you won't be dissapointed! You must listen to the words!
One of the best albums I've ever heard.. Period. I was driving home from a gig when I first put the CD in (day after I saw the movie); I sat in my driveway until 2am to finish the CD I was so transfixed... I could have put it on inside my house but I didn't want to interrupt it... Amazing.. This album is going in my TOP 5 behind Dark Side of the Moon and Abby Road. This guy is a legend and is finally getting his just due!
!000 years from now they will talk about him, and say nothing of Justin Bieber or Lady Gaga. Listen to the lyrics. Brilliant in so many ways.
This will be an all-time favorite in my collection. I love everything about it. This should be a staple in any music library.
You'll want all his music when you start listening. Came about this great artist after watching a DVD at Redbox of him. His music is like no others. Enjoyed every song and wish he'd record again.
Rodriguez, is a fabulous musician, entertainer and songwriter.  I lived in his hometown at the time he was trying to kick off his career, but like most, did not even know he was around.  His music is wonderful, and as it turns out inspired generations of South Africans during their tough revolutionary days.  &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; an award winning documentary, available from Netflix is a must see for music buffs.  It tells the story of this man's journey and introduced his music to us.
I just reviewed coming from Reality and I could basically say the exact same thing about this album as I did about it. He should have been a huge star but in my books he is and always will be.
Once I saw the documentary on Rodriguez, I had to listen to one of his albums.  He is great.  And, so humble.  Better than Dylan, to me.
Take the time out to see the movie &#34;Looking For Sugarman&#34; . . . and then you will understand why I gave his album five stars.
thoroughly enjoy the lyrics and music.  Straightforward and uncomplicated tale of struggles in American cities.  Glad to see he has been rediscovered or should I say finally discovered here at home.
Was wondering what the South Aficans saw that we in America didn't. After hearing this CD I totally understand where they are coming from.
Music before Radio was ready for this type of sound. Watch the HBO Special about him and learn what  this artist went through . my husband and i both enjoy his music would love to see him play .
His music makes you think.  The social impact that he made 30 years ago still are true today.  He should have been a huge success in America but somehow he just did not get the big break that he needed.  I wish he was still making new songs and because I could listen to his music all the time.
Rodriguez's movie was excellent. It was a great story of a beautiful man who kept to his ideals throughout his life. But what made the movie transcend to something extraordinary was the music. This album has heart and soul.
Music fans of South Africa had this one right.  Seriously, how was this talented singer/songwriter overlooked?  Musicians today need to look to Rodriguez and others like him to understand how important substance is to music.  Without it all you have is glitter and annoying sounds.
Rodriguez movie Searching for Sugar Man was so good I ordered this CD right after I watched it. If ou get a chance watch the movie. What a life story. Oh, and this CD is excellent as is the soundtrack.
a most amazing story!  great music, listen to the lyrics.  Saw the movie &#34;Looking for Sugarman&#34; and had to have the music
The first song I heard from Rodriguez was Sugar Man. Great song! Few months later documentary came out about Rodriguez, I watched it and was compelled to check out the rest of his stuff. I wish I had had this album growing up! I've had to make myself not listen to it so much. Worth a listen totally!
i do love the music i recommend this for everyoneiv had it for two weeks now and have just about worn it outi just cant get enught of it
Thanks South Africa & Australia. Too bad this did not catch on in the US when released. Wonder what other songs would followed.
Why this artist wasn't recognized for his brilliant lyrics and Bob Dylan /James Taylor style is beyond me. Excellent CD!
I simply cannot understand how or why Rodriguez has been overlooked. I was given my copy of the LP in England in the 1980's by an Aussie who felt sorry for me having to watch the English rugby team! If he felt that my time would be better spent by the turntable he was right. The songs are stunning, as fresh today as the day they were recorded. When you listen to the drivel on most radio stations nowadays, you have to despair when music like this is neglected.
I had nearly forgotten about Rodriguez untill someone took me to the movie - &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;His music is fantastic to chill out to.The purchase from Amazon was quick, painless and we were listening to the 1st track before the entire download was done.
This is an undiscovered classic (Unless you are from South Africa where everyone owns it). He is someone that just got lost in the mass of early 70's music but should not have been.
Rodriguez music is second nature to him.  He is his music.  Damn shame so many took advantage of him.  Brilliant artist!
Absolutely great music of the times; amazing that it took so long for popular recognition here in the States.  Maybe a little better than Coming From Reality.
Much of this record's sound will be very familiar to fans of American pop and rock music circa 1970. But the context in which the subversive, indeed prophetic, lyrics found an audience will not. The entire unbelievable tale is captured in the outstanding documentary &#34;Searching for Sugar Man.&#34; It is the one must-see film to come out of the 2013 Academy Awards.Sixto Rodriguez is a songwriter that had much to say about injustice, the powerful and oppression. He displays throughout the album a great deal of comfort singing with any style of backing music. He is a deft musician. And this record ends leaving the listener hungry for more, which, even more unbelievably, was produced. The follow-up album to this one, Coming from Reality, is another fantastic record album.
I heard bits of the Album on NPR and I was blown away at how this was a forgotten album. The messages of this album is so relevant back then (although maybe not accepted by people), as it is now. The style and the sound is well at home today - I'll say much more so than back in the 1970s but it is well worth a listen.Just relax and listen to this album and let it hit you.
This CD contains some of the most entertaining and enlightening music that I have ever heard.  I saw the documentary on cable and just had to order the CD.  Everyone needs to hear this lost music of a generation.
Will shop again. Fast service. Watched the movie and then realized he had out music. Really interesting story on him for sure.
Rodriguez is amazing.  Lyrics and music and a great voice.  I love this album.  I wish I had known about Rodriquez in the. 70s.
Excellent cd
I first watched the movie Searching for Sugar Man and was blown away by this man's life story - Gives me an extra appreciation and enjoyment of his music
This is a wonderful CD. Why are we just hearing about Rodriguez now. This man and his art deserves much more attention!
Excellent, Dylanesque lyrics.Voice clear and a reminiscent mixture of James Taylor & Jim Croce but unique BEFORE they were famous, and occasionally wisps of Dylan, but not a ripoff.  Again, original.Some of the recording production is at once dated (some of the effects and string accompaniment) but also so well recorded for the vocals and placement that it's classic, timeless.You get this impression that it's going to be cliche folk, but then it's much more chordally interesting.  Very 70's Singer Songwriter.  On par with Carol King, Taylor, Croce, etc, songwriting-wise.  Then it's chords can sometimes be so pleasant in their progression, but the lyrics are based in reality and Rodriquez gives an occasional verbal zinger.  In other words, not formulaic.  Given that this was 1970, it's ahead of it's time.Somehow all the songs hang together as an album, but the songs are very different from each other.Not one bad song.  Such a talent.Wow.
This is awesome CD.  I would highly recommend it.  The music is soothing and up lifting.  Ridriguez is so amazing!
I love this album.  Every song has great lyrics that you can relate to.  The story of his life in music.  FANTASTIC!
Rodriguez's lyrics are as true today as when he wrote them.  Found him when watching the documentary &#34;Looking for Sugarman&#34;.What a wonderful true story of a man and his music.
Damn I can't believe he is now getting some eposure from this, this cd rocks.
This is a fabulous album..I mean CD..the music is rich and mellow.  The story alone behind the success of this album is worth the purchase.  You won't be dissappointed.
I understand, after 50+ years, how he became an icon in South Africa and helped the people there get past apartheid.What a humble man and a great story..........
I love this guy's voice, but what separates him from many artists are his poignant lyrics. They speak to you.
I love the music and the words. So true!I especially liked &#34;Forget It&#34;!I listen to this CD every day!Great artist!
After seeing the documentary &#34;In search of Sugarman&#34; I had to purchase his album.  It did not disappoint.  Sixto Rodriguez's lyrics, rhythms and voice are beautiful and reflect today's culture as much as they did in the 70s.
Great music
It was a great gift made a big hit, just not my type of music, but several other people just loved it.
Everything I said about Coming From Reality goes for Cold Fact as well.  I only wish that Rodriguez could have benefited from this CD as much as everyone who managed to hear it.  If not for the movie Searching for Sugar Man, I'd not have heard this man sing.
Really hard to find album. Even though he is not well know he will go down in history as one of the great ones
Rodriguez produced the greatest two albums I never knew, so I'll give him the moniker &#34;Detroit's Dylan.&#34; You might translate that as the &#34;Motor City Bobby Zimmerman&#34; if you're one who knew Dylan when he grew up on The Range of Northern Minnesota. My only guess as to why these works were not giant successes in America is the extensive use of orchestration on the sound tracks. Today it sounds terrific, like Queen would have done; in the 1960s it wasn't the norm.Oh! If you haven't seen the movie &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; then you MUST
After watching the specials on TV I needed to have this in my collection. Perfect for backyard listening along with a cool beverage.
I first heard Rodriguez in the back of a VW bug hitch hiking up the West coast of Australia in July of 1984. Two women picked me up and I remember them asking what I would like to listen to. I said anything you like. They put on Cold Fact and I was hooked. I bought the cassette before leaving back to the states. I played it for years until it got sucked into my car stereo... a sad day! Fortunately I had taped a few of the songs onto other mixed tapes in the 80's. Occasionally I will pop one in and up will come "I wonder" or "Crucify your Mind" and I smile. I've always felt a bit special that I had discovered of the most brilliant albums and folk rock musicians of all time and wondered why no one in America had ever head of him. I looked for years for any sign of his work here with no clues. I thought he had passed on. Thanks to the internet I discovered he is alive and still singing to his fans in South Africa. I was thrilled to find an imported copy on CD on Amazon. I once again can enjoy his work. I hope you too will discover the rich, intelligent, kind and haunting voice and music of Rodriguez and share it with others. You will have something special.
Rodriguez is a poet in every sense of the word.  His &#34;voice&#34;, both literally and figuratively, is one that needs to be be listened to.  It is a shame that it took this long for us to hear it.
I have not read all the reviews but I want to mention a very important fact about Cold Fact. That is that the bass is played by Bob Babbit. He was one of the greatest bass players of all time (lost him last year to brain cancer). When I saw Motown producer/ guitarist Dennis Coffey  being interviewed for the documentary and then heard the bass on I Wonder, I WONDERED if it was Babbit. If you are unaware of his work listen to any motown record in the late sixties/early seventies as he takes over for James Jamerson (my favorite bass player ever) as the main bass player on most of Motown's great tunes. Babbit's work with Stevie Wonder is a great highlight. So back to Rodriquez. Having Bob Babbit on this album is a wonderful thing! Two of musics greatest  original artists together! Wow!
I sure hope Rodriquez is getting something out of this after 30 years of pirating his work in South Africa
Thank you for carrying Rodriguez' CDs. His words and music are a pleasure to hear. Wish he was able to come to my area (St Louis) for concert - would love to hear him perform live!
If you not seen the movie ....GO!  This is the greatest CD I now own.  I can't get enough of it!
Great album. If you like folk rock and music from the late 60's and early 70's you have to get this and Coming From Reality.
Takes me back to my youth hearing this album it certainly is still relevant now such a great song writer
Buy this album and buy his other album &#34;Coming From Reality&#34;. Watch the movie &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; that's how I got hooked.
Mr. Sixto Rodriguez is an interesting artist to listen to and who has much better lyrics and vocals than Mr. Bob Dylan in my opinion.  The music is circa 1970 and unfortunately Sussex Records' owner Mr. Clarence Avant totally screwed Sixto from receiving the royalties that were due him back when the California record label existed from 1969 through 1975.  I really wish justice could prevail and Sixto could recover his income from that `Lyin Brotha Clarence'.  Make sure you watch either the Blu-ray or the DVD - "Searching for Sugar Man" which won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 85th Academy Awards.  I wonder how different things might have turned out in the music industry if Sixto's first work was not suppressed in the United States during the seventies.  Even today Sixto's musical material is relevant, check it out for yourself and tell your friends.
I was in the Peace Corps in Malawi in the mid-90s, was hitching through Mozambique with a couple of other volunteers in the spring of '95, just after the war.  The only other "mzungus" we saw the whole time there was this South African couple we met in a restuarant in Nampula who invited us to stay at their house on the beach.  They were working there to rebuild the roads and put on this album while we were hanging out that night.  It floored me immediately.I asked who it was and the guy looked at me oddly and said "Rodriguez, he's AMERICAN" as if he thought I was a nutter for never having heard of the guy.  And he was right.  The next time I was in SA for holiday I snapped it right up.Listening to it right now.  If he tours here I would go in a heart beat.  His songs definitely have a Dylan quality to them as many have mentioned, but his voice reminds me a Jim Croche.  You won't regret buying this album.I am now a SAHM, living in the 'burbs, my 1.5 year son is playing with the CD cover right now.  My how times change, but when I put on this album I am a wandering 20something, saving the world and hitchhiking through southern africa, where ever the ride takes us.  I am RIGHT THERE.
I heard Sixto's music in the film, Searching for Sugarman and really liked it. The CD is not disappointing. It combines folk, rock and little blues. Lyrics are smart and each song has a unique sound--unlike a lot of albums where stuff ends up sounding the same.
So glad we have this...sorry it took over 40 years...how is that possible?! The booklet with Rodriguez' story and all the lyrics and pictures, awesome!
I bought this after watching the move &#34;Searching for Sugar Man.&#34;  Fascinating story, good music.
This album came out in 1970 but I never heard it until I saw the movie &#34;Searching for Sugar Man.&#34;  He is unique, sucks you into his story and makes you play it over and over.
I am totally in love with the song &#34;I wonder&#34; and enjoy all of his other songs too. Most are really upbeat and his music really does remind me of Bob Dylan's. It is sad that his music wasn't promoted until now. He is an amazing artist and his humble and giving spirit makes me respect him so much more than other artists out there.
I just watched the movie 'sugar man' and fell in love with his music. I immediately purchased Cold Fact, and Coming From Reality, and am very happy I did!  His music is unique, and inspiring! I highly recommend both albums!
Like Bob Dylan but can sing and plays more chords then just C and G. Some deep lyrics. Love this album!
Crumbs off of Motown's table is understandable in the early 70s. But how do you explain a whole loaf of talent falling off, and no one in America hears him?I heard of a great singer from today's 60 Minutes show, which was covering a documentary called "Searching for Sugar Man". The man is Sixto, who wrote and sang protest songs reminiscent of Bob Dylan in early 70s. His records didn't sell, and he was forgotten in the United States, and most of the rest of the world. Except one place: South Africa. There, Sixto was  more popular than either the Beatles or Elvis.The songs in this album are very much dylanesque, but with a better voice. Yet just as powerful politically. Sixto's lyrics suggest exasperation of the circumstances, where he begs the  "Sugarman" to hurry back "colors to my dreams" because he's "tired of these scenes." The scenes included a mayor that hid the crime rate, as told in "This is not a song, it's an outrage."  Garbage wasn't collected either, and gun sales were soaring.  In "Hate Street Dialogue" he laments the condition of people and the air pollution:  "Seamy, seesaw kids / Childwoman on the skids / The dust will choke you blind / The lust will choke your mind." He's describing an industrial hell hole, where humanity is treaded on in lust and greed.The poetry of Sixto, named for being the sixth child in a Mexican-American family, visualizes Detroit in early 70s, and South Africa it turns out.
Buy this cd!  You will not be disappointed!  It's soulful, poetic, and timeless!  It's a great addition to everyone's music library!
To compare Rodriguez with Dylan isn't doing justice to Rodriguez's unique thematic and slightly jazzy style. Rodriguez's musical arrangements stand alone.
Last month, a South African friend of mine turned me on to this guy, telling me he was huge in South Africa in the 70s; saying he was better than Dylan (and just about the biggest thing in his native S Africa at the time).  Like just about everyone else, I had never heard of Rodriguez until now.  And like most everyone else, I am singularly impressed with Cold Fact (and also with Coming From Reality).  Not a bad song on either album - it's amazing to me that these albums were ignored upon release in the US.I am just listening to Cold Fact for the first few times, so I don't have a track-by-track analysis.  But, as mentioned, so far I find that the entire album to be great.  I'd say "Sugar Man", "Crucify Your Mind", "This is not a Song", "Hate Street Dialogue", "Inner City Blues", "I Wonder", and "Rich Folks Hoax" immediately stand out from the rest, but only slightly since the whole album is of high quality.Rodriguez is a top poet & storyteller.  Definitely recommended.
What a timeless piece of music! Still relevant and resonant after all these many years. His music has overtones of Bob Dylan and Jose Feliciano but more importantly, it will hit the absolute target of you emotional center. The bittersweet nature of his story makes his late in coming success all the more lovely.
not beacuse the movie but the old sound and the lyrics love it so much and buy it fast :)
I think most of us feel the same way -- this guy is a great story. If you get a chance to see him in concert, you should because it's a worthwhile experience. Happy to see him finally get the recognition he deserves.
I saw the documentary "Searching for Sugarman" at the Sundance Film Festival and was amazed by the Sixto Rodriguez story.  Having worked in Detroit in the mid 60's I felt even more connected.  I downloaded his two CD's as soon as I got home and find myself istening to them often and some of his songs, like "I Wonder" ringing through my head regularly.  His music has rhythm, interesting melodies and intelligent lyrics with relavence today as 40 years ago.
Rodriguez is a great singer & writer.  It's too bad we had to wait so long for him to be rediscovered.  Dylan he isn't & by that I mean he's better as a singer & song writer.
Love this album, memories of when I lived in Sth Africa, it was one of the only CD's we had (read the history on SA) to learn about the sanctions, great CD great memories, Great great peaceful man and poet
He was way ahead of his time.  And who knew he was in Detroit!  The documentary of his rise to fame 30 years after his debut album is what led us to these CDs.  Inspiring!
This man lived such an interesting life and his music is a tribute to that living.  If you have not heard him totally suggest this for listening pleasure.
Of his two recordings, this is my favorite. Really has something to say and the background music is great. He deserves recognition and I'm glad he's finally getting some.
It's hard to believe Rodriguez didn't find an audience in America when this album was first released. This guy can play the guitar, write music & sing.
Every song on this CD is great.  How this never sold in the US before is a travesty. You won't be disappointed.
This CD is wonderful!!!! I can't understand why Rodriguez wasn't known at all in this country!!! His lyrics are great and the total musical experence is awesome!
The music is very classical and wonderful to listen to. I would recommend this CD to everyone who loves Rodriguez.
This is the album that helped end the hateful regime of South Africa's apartheid state.  Beautiful music with inspiring messages.
lost for 40 years selling a very few in the U. S. a time machine of what is happin' today...
"To Whom it May Concern"-Coming from reality. 1972.America lost a poet when they ignored Rodriguez. It is a "Cold Fact".My question is why? Why could they not see this great artist and man.We in South Africa thought he was a superstar.Then he disappeared. The Oscar nominated documentary 'searching for Sugarman' opened my eyes to why.People thought he had killed himself after being humiliated in the USA. Why was he ignored? "I wonder? Wonder I do?"What was going on in the USA in the 70's? That is ironic, and 'Only Good for Conversation'.Here's the irony. In South Africa he was loved by the young population, 'He Crucified our minds'.He opened our eyes in an apartheid era, when we were blinded by it's evils. When there was a  "Hate street Dialogue" going on.It was possibly the greatest Album never heard, but there may have been a 'Rich Folks Hoax' somewhere.Unreservedly 5 stars. Get it. Now."This is not a review, It's an outburst, or the establishment blues."I just hope he gets the money from your purchase and not those who stole him from us.It started out so nice, then Halfway up the stairs. He Slipped away. What was the Cause?
First released in 1970, this album is a commentary in the tradition of Leonard Cohen and Bob Dylan but with a style and vibe of it's very own.Each song is something original and new in itself but running through it is a theme of drugs : "Dancing Rosemary, disappearing sister RuthIt's just your yellow appetitethat has you choking on the truthYou gave in, you gave out, outlived your dream of youth "social alienation : "Now you sit there thinking feeling insecureThe mocking court jester claims there is no proven cureGo back to your chamber, your eyes upon the wall'Cos you got no one to listen, you got no one to call", cynicism and angry condemmnation of the corrupt materialism of the wealthy : "And don't try to enchant me with your manner of dress'Cos a monkey in silk is a monkey no lessSo measure for measure reflect on my said "And a focus on the plight of the poor: "The ladies on my streetAren't there for their healthWelfare checks don't paveThe road to much wealth. "Rodriguez never was a star in the USA but had a massive following in South Africa, Zimbabwe , Australia and New Zealand.My personal favourites are: "CRUCIFY YOUR MIND " , "I WONDER" "LIKE JANIS" and "JANE S. PIDDY".If you enjoy the genius Leonard Cohen you will want to sample Rodriguez.
I was introduced to his music by the DVD &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;. After seeing it, my wife and I were blown away by his talent and the fact that he was largely unknown in the U.S.
I had never heard of him before I saw a documentary on him.  The music is wonderful, but the download thing was a pain.
A friend told us about the movie Searching for Sugar Man and we watched it. Wow! What a story. Well worth watching. Even if the story was not so incredible, Rodriguez's music is. It's terribly complex music, but it's both pleasing and moving. It makes me think of gritty, cold Detroit streets somehow. Much of it feels like night-time music, sober and haunting; one exception being &#34;I Wonder.&#34;My favorite tracks are Crucify Your Mind, Forget It, Like Janis, and best of all, Jane S. Piddy. I wish I knew the story behind Jane S. Piddy&#8230;  This track in particular reminds me very much of a song that might have been written by Dylan.If you want more-or-less the best tracks from either Cold Fact or Coming From Reality, just buy the sound track from Searching for Sugar Man. Personally, I bought all three albums, even though there is a lot of redundancy, as Rodriguez got NO royalties at all from his works for most of his life and now that he's getting royalties I wanted to maximize my contribution to a guy who was totally cheated by record company he was associated with in the 1970s. Watch the movie and buy the music, you won't be disappointed.
Excellent documentary-excellent recording-excellent artist/musician. This and Coming From Reality are both worth having in your collection if you were a fan of Bob Dylan, Tim Buckely, Nick Drake and the classic production of that late '60's early '70's era. Especially if you are a bass player-the bass playing and where it sits in the mix is great!
After seeing the movie, Searching for Sugarman, I couldn't wait to get this CD. It's probably my third CD purchase in 2-3 years. I have also ordered the movie. I'm anxious to watch it again and to loan it to friends. What a talent! gnn
An astounding debut record, among the best that 1970 had to offer. Once rare and often pirated, if ever an artist deserved for you to buy his record, this is the one. Rodriguez is lyrically complex, offering metaphor with real images with social consciousness. At times sparse, at others lush in production, it is a beautiful record that quickly becomes a go to for whatever your mood. For a deeper understanding of the context for this recording, see the film Searching for Sugar Man.
Second cut is screechy (even back when) but the rest is glorious. Listen to the truth in &#34;I Wonder&#34;. So Rodriquez, so me!
if you saw the documentary i highly recommend u get this cd it has all the great songs featured in the movie
This took me back over 20 years to days in Joburg by the pool and visits to Hartebeesport Dam where we heard Rodriguez everywhere.Shame so few have heard of him.
40 year old lyrics, chillingly poignant for today.  I cannot recall how I was introduced but I am glad I found him.
After seeing the documentary film &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; I had to get both of Rodriguez's albums. They are quirky and production is not up to today's standards, but definitely worth having as part of your music collection.
This man is the best.  I love it.  I can't believe I had never heard of him before.  The radio plays the same old same old.  We need to get over it and play the good stuff.  Wow, is all I can say.
What can I say, the man is fantastic...its a shame that it took me 40 years to hear this poet and his music, I LOVE THE MUSIC OF RODRIGUEZ.....
...Howcome Rodriguez' voice didn't reach me before? But I am so happy that the documentary "Searching for Sugar Man" in 2012 let me to him, making me not only buy the albums but also travel to London to see him live: "I was born for the purpose that crucifies your mind" he sings, and the raw political and philosophical lyrics keep playing with my mind, showing me glimpses of a rich inner universe of a highly engaged, feeling and thinking man. This is art. And that - is a cold fact.
Watch &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; and then try not to download Rodriguez's first album. You'll be better off for doing both. If you like the music of Dylan, Jim Croce and James Taylor, you'll love this album.
I love listening to this album, it's so so good.You should buy it and it will change your life.
I had not heard of Rodriguez and I watched the documentary Searching for Sugarman ... which by the way I also recommend! After watching that documentary I just had to have some of the music. I LOVE IT!
Again, Sixto Rodriguez gets to the point in this album.  I recommend any song he has done.  It definitely strikes a chord with me.  It's funny how it took all these years for me to discover his work - did so after watching the 'Searching For Sugar Man' movie.  A very humble man!!!
I find this music hypnotic.  Only problem is...each song is short  - some only a minute.  But the music and the poetry are fabulous.
I saw &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34; recently and found the story just amazing and interesting, but what really got me was his music which was played in snippets throughout the film. Had to get the CD right away. Reminds me of music my mom played when I was a kid, in a good way!
Yup... Everything, everyone is saying about Rodriguez in S.A is 100% true.If you did'nt own a copy of Cold Fact, you could bet a mate would have it to loan.We all grew up thinking that he was just as much 'god' as were the contemporaries of the period.At a time when S.A was still very conservative,(television only arrived 1976) it was refreshing to be able to 'let down your hair' and feel personal liberation backed up by his life soundtrack.It wasn't well known, but up to a stage, South Africa was the ONLY country printing his music for international export. This was and still is just such an easy listening release free of any tension.It is still able to transcends me back to the 'feel' of the 70's when I want to escape the jungle of today.I hold his (few) releases in my massive music collection as highly sacred.May he become immortalised in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame one fine day,if not, he certainly resides in a special place in the hearts of may people for sure.If you grew up In S.A, you'll know what I mean...If there was a 10-star rating available, I'de give it to the man.
Impressed with rodrigues's musical talent. Words aplies to any time. Great thimes. Kind of music u can listen to all day long.
This CD and this powerful voice has captured every person that I have played it for.  It is fabulous! To quote a friend, "how has this man (Rodgriguez) not been in our lives until now!"
Glad Rodriguez is finally getting the $$ for his albums!So glad I found him! Love his music!The documentary DVD about his life and career - &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34; -is a MUST WATCH!!
I think this would be one of the most collectible albums of all time. The tunes are great, and the lyrics are just incomparable - and that includes The Beatles, The Doors, and all the top groups. They are poignant pure poetry with rebellious wisdom. I wonder how much we missed, as he had to quit the music scene early, because of lack of success in this country! What a loss for the people!
It is sad to think that I would have not listened to this artist if I had not seen the movie "Searching for Sugar Man" That shows how mush we in America got used to trust music industry hype! Now I have found him I am amazed how good his music is. And more you listen better it get!  And movie is wonderful too!
As highlighted by some of the other reviewers, we grew up in SA listening to Rodriguez. Rodriguez was part of any self respecting surfers vinyl/tape and later CD collection. I as with the others am blown away that he has not been given the recognition he deserves in the states.My advice to the YANKS - This guys a national treasure, listen and enjoy while he is still alive. His lyrics prick the concience of America (especially the Vietnam generation.One of the greatest since Bob Dylan.
When I was 17 a girl gave me a mix tape. She was South African, and there was some really interesting stuff on it. The most immediately stunning track was a song from this album called "I Wonder".This is one of the best albums ever, no two ways about it. Please buy this, it's so cheap, really. Do you really want to wait for a chance encounter with a South African? Do yourself a favour. I wish I could rate this higher.
Excellent CD that even today, musical and literary, is in effect.However, the history of Silvio Rodriguez is not simply the belated recognition to an enormous talent but a sample of the error committed by a record labels that ignoring the laws that protect the rights of copyright, which plunged the artist in the anonymity and poverty for more than 35 years and deprived the world of what could be a and bright future and successful musical career.Today, there is no money to be able to make up for lost time in Sixtus and for those of us that love their music and their lyrics.
I chose this rating because the lyrics and melodies of Rodriguez appeal to me viscerally. Being a child of the sixties and coming from a city in the northeast, it reminds me of the things I saw and heard growing up. Nostalgic is a good descriptor!!
I purchased all of his albums as indicated on the TV special about his life.  This artist was totally unknown prior to the TV series, his story is amazing and his poetry of words are simply outstanding.
super talented songwriter, great voice, great production! I'm a now a huge fan!Make sure you see the documentary about his life &#34;looking for Sugarman&#34;
It's hard to know what to say about how this album disappeared within the streets of Detroit, and watching Searching for Sugar Man makes it harder.First, the global impact. Detroit was a center of black American culture, and for immigrants from Latin America and Eastern Europe as well. But it was built on industries that left for cheaper (automobiles) or more glamorous (music) locales. So the symbol of urban decay and destruction, of white flight abandoning a poor black center, of then pretending that the fall of Detroit was the fault of those left behind rather than those who left, produced an album that went halfway across the world to South Africa of the 1970s and 1980s.Cold Fact in South Africa became amazingly popular among young white Afrikaaners, a musical guide to liberation from the oppressive system of their parents and grandparents. &#34;The Establishment Blues&#34; says &#34;this system's gonna fall soon, to an angry young tune, and that's a concrete cold fact&#34;. This was not so accurate as a prophecy about America. But it was taken as an order by young South Africans. It weakened the Apartheid system for the white community, and made Rodriguez one of the most popular musicians there.Sixto Rodriguez, though, albums commercial failures in the US, returned to working construction - which in Detroit often meant deconstruction. This university philosophy major and rare person deserving the title &#34;bard&#34; without irony or silliness implied, worked hard jobs and long hours and maintained a life of poverty of material goods.But he was a father to several daughters, whom he instilled with curious minds and confidence that goes beyond class or race, bringing them to the museums of arts and sciences and to all the cultural wonders Detroit had gathered when it was a wealthy center of world industry. We can easily find stories of great artists of all sorts leaving their children to servants or televisions, here we have someone more devoted to fatherhood than commercial artistry.In Searching for Sugar Man, we see Sixto Rodriguez mostly through the eyes of others. And it is because he has the balance of mind to remain who he is regardless of situation. And that person is of the humbleness that comes with the knowledge that self importance is a greater fault than self denial, but also knows that the humble man can walk on any path offered and appreciate the voyage. Rodriguez is like a character from a 19th century American novel: the person with the knowledge of what is right and who will stay true to the right when the outwardly righteous will do whatever wrongs it takes to maintain the visage of righteousness.Other people in the film, including Rodriguez's daughters, speak of money made from his musical works, including his daughters, but he does not. Others show anger at widespread possession of Cold Fact and Coming From Reality. Rodriguez shows none. It is clear from the scenery in the film that Rodriguez's daughters have a higher material standard of wealth than he. Rodriguez still lives in the same Detroit building he has for 40 years, seeming to use a small stove and scrap wood for warmth. There are questions about where the money made from the albums went. But the money made from touring in South Africa and elsewhere was mostly given away by Rodriguez.This is a man who gives, but will only give the truth as he sees it, and believes that wealth obscures the view. Rodriguez has been rediscovered by the world, thanks to the dedication of South Africans, but he is only more of a mystery when seen than when hidden.The truth as I see it, though, says that Cold Fact deserves a 6th Star for having one of the best album covers ever.
It was a great surprise to find that Rodriguez had two CD's. I just had to buy the second one!
Listened to this album in my youth, and enjoying listening to it now just as much!!  It's amazing!!!  Everyone needs to hear this album!
LOVE IT,LOVE IT,LOVE IT!!!!!Can't say enough about this artist.  He's really good. We saw the movie and I ordered the cd right away. This is not something I usually do,just couldn't help myself.
Listened to this cd when I was a teenager and now when I play the cd I sing with the SugarMan.....I know all the words to every song.....so happy I bought the cd.......had it on vinyl a long long time ago!
This album was worth waiting for, but it is too bad we had to wait! It is folk music lyrics and rock n roll!  Rodriguez puts together lyrics regarding issues that are still timely today and the music was ahead of its time for 1970.  Great stuff!
I like the Cinderella story of Rodriquez's life as it relates to the CD. I feel that the music and content of the language unify to bring you into a total experience of what the song is communicating. The quality of his voice is captivating.
I bought this album after seeing Searching for Sugarman and seeing him in concert recently.I am enjoying it very much!
I liked this CD the first time I listened to it, and every time I listen to it, I like it a little more.Rodriguez reminds me a lot of Bob Dylan, and I guess that's part of why I like it.  It puts me in the mind of the late '60's and '70's, but still seems relevant today.I'd recommend it to any music lover.
This is a great piece of music. I love it. Hope Rodriguez releases new stuff. We will be waiting for it.
It's a shame he wasn't discovered in the early 70's as we would probably have more than 2 albums.  Great songs.  I really enjoy this man's music.
Terrific songs performed well - how did this fail to make it in the USA in 1970?  At least Rodriguez is now receiving the interest these songs deserved - and maybe he will even receive some royalties.
Having grown up in the era, I love his lyrics.  They did an excellent job of digitizing and maintain complete stereo channel separation on several songs.  It reminds one how high the production quality was before mp3.
I was pleasantly surprised--this album lives up to its reputation. Consistently great. Kind of Dylanesque but highly original. A hybrid of singer/songwriter and psychedelic styles, intense lyrics are tastefully matched with artful production. Some kind of lost masterpiece. Happy to see Rodriguez finally receiving much deserved attention.
I bought this after having seen the movie Searching For Sugarman.  Wonderful album.  Having lived thru the sixties and seventies, I can't believe this album didn't hit it big in the US.
Excellent !!!!  Every song is superb. This is a raw and fabulous album.I can't believe that it was not a hit when it was first released but amthankful that I now know about this huge talent that was so famousand a stepping stone for so many young South Africans and Australiansyears ago!
Bored and rented the &#34;redbox&#34; moview.  Both my husband and I thought the music was great and bought all his cds for car and our ipods.
Bought this disc after seeing the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;.  My enjoyment might have been due to the story behind the music  but really the lyrics are pure poetry.  This is my &#34;go to&#34;  gift for my adult grandchildren. this year.
The moment I first heard him on Dave Letterman,  I knew I wanted more.  This, his and my first Rodriguez CD, is musical rawness splendor.  Can't play it enough.  It was about time for some real new music.  Ironic that it's old music and that this diamond was hidden in the proverbial haystack.  A MUST HEAR FOR ANY MUSIC LOVER.  Some classify it as anti-establishment or protest music.  I contest!  This guy is the consumate poet of modern human behavior in his times.  A WORK OF ART AND THE SECOND CD is even BETTER!!!!!
Saw documentary, fell in love with his story as well as his music. His voice is very soothing,, enjoy listening to it
Love Rodriguez.  Also love the film about him, Searching For Sugar Man.  Everybody should watch it.  Believe me, you'll be inspired.
This is a truly great album and I enjoy it immensely.  Although written and performed around 1970, it has a timeless quality that makes it highly relevant today.
I had never heard of Rodriguez until seeing the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugar man&#34;.  I ordered the CD the same day after viewing the film. I like the CD more every time I listen to it.
This is an excellent album/CD and he is a very talented artist.  I would recommend it highly for any lover of sixties sound.
A great memento we have framed and hanging in our home to remind us of Rodriguez's amazing story! Buy it and continue to support this great man!
The story of Rodriguez is very compelling. He was nearly lost to American audiences for eternity except for the fact that he was an absolute sensation in South Africa in the 70's and 80's before falling into obscurity.  I was introduced to Rodriguez  by my brother who sent me a DVD documenting the search for this lost talent. His counterculture songs are perhaps in the genre of Bob Dylan. I don't know that they necessarily speak to today's youth but the songs are certainly melodic, and for someone of my generation, nostalgic of the social revolution of the 60's and 70's.
I saw the documentary about Sixto Rodriguez, "Searching for Sugarman." The soundtrack is the music from his two albums. I loved the songs all the way through, bought both cd's, and have been listening to them almost daily.  His music is like a mix of Bob Dylan, Jackson Browne, and Jim Croce, maybe with a bit of Traffic too. See the movie. You'll be moved by the music and his story.
THE STORY BEHIND RODRIGUEZ IS AMAZZZZZING .  His music should have hit the top of charts here in the USA. I wonder how his album was not picked up by a major record company.  this guy should have been as famous as the big names of his time.  GREAT MUSIC!!!!!!.  Every one should see the movie SEARCHING FOR SUGAR MAN.I think you can find it on STARS MOVIE CHAN.
This CD is the one I love the best of the two, but both are so satisfying and fabulous. It sweeps me back to the times he is writing about. He was the voice hidden behind all the other voices!
I love, love, love this CD!! I don't know how I missed Rodriguez in the '70's. His voice is phenomenal and his words are deep. I recommend this CD to anyone who likes music. I hope that now he will make some more CD's. I definitely want more from him.
It's amazing that this man, Rodriguez, was unheard of in the U.S. until the documentary was released - what an great artist.
This was suggested to me by a friend that had read about the life story of Rodriguez in the newspaper. I was not influenced by the incredible story in itself since I listened for the first time before reading it. This was a huge surprise! The lyrics are still updated so the same type of questions keep coming. The music is superb.
I never heard of Rodriguez until I watched &#34;Searching for Sugar Man.&#34; Immediately bought the album and have found it remarkable. The songs and lyrics themselves are outstanding, but the arrangements really bring the songs to life.
this is his 1st lp-could have been a hit had he had some promo back then-give it a good listen and decide for yourself
I was led to Rodriguez when I rented the movie Searching for Sugar Man. He has such a fine voice and can not belive that his albums did not catch on when he started.  I went to see him in concert at Radio City Music Hall and his voice is as soothing as it is on the albums.  I hope someone gives him a chance at recording another album.
You should hear what made the South Africans love this guy!  We saw the Searching for Sugar Man video and just had to get the three Rodriquez CDs.  Great discovery!
Songs like "Sugarman" and "I Wonder" floated into the psyche of virtually every (white) South African household in the early 70's and stuck there. Quite why most of the rest of the world didn't hear this album remains a mystery. With it's biting social lyrics, and great folk rock instrumentation, Rodriguez surely created what should have been a world wide classic.There are shades of Dylan, but Rodriguez's voice is mesmerising where Dylan's is nasal. The melodies seem to gently coil themselves around you and before you know it, you're trapped in a web of aural pleasure. The album is hard to escape once you've heard it. It works its understated magic on you and you're hooked. I challenge you not to go round humming "Sugarman" after a few listens.If you have never heard this album, you should be asking yourself some deep, probing personal questions like "where have I been while most of the Southern Hemisphere have been enjoying this ?" and "Why wasn't I born in South Africa, my life has been empty without this"Seriously though, if you like good folk rock with a social commentary that digs in, look no further, otherwise you're missing out on one of the best albums you'll ever hear.
The signature tune &#34;Sugar Man&#34; and &#34;I Wonder&#34; are wonderful. Some of the rhymes really don't work and remind one of Paul Simon, but overall Rodriguez here is on a par with Bob Dylan, although with a mellower, less grating voice.
Definitely a pleasant surprise. I can see why this caught hold in South Africa.  Listened to it twice in a row while driving.  It really grew on me.
All the music is great to listen to.  Some are more enjoyable than others.  The pocket wine guide is a good reference point.
Attention hipsters,yes, you saw the movie. Yes, you bought the soundtrack. No, you did not &#34;discover:&#34; him. This album is the one you should buy, its his best.
I would strongly suggest this music for the hippie in you, of all ages. It is decidedly clever and fun. It also seduces the listener into a 60s feel, whether you were there or not. Order this. You're gonna love it!
honestly the cd is a bit depressing but the guy is way talented and he was not recognized in his day.Very much a fan.a bob dylan type style but with a better voice.-John
As it probably brought most people.  I'm so inspired by this story about success and acknowledgment and the music throughout the documentary was so good I just had to go and buy this album on principle alone to support this artist.  Always support good music and good people.
After watching the story on  60 minutes, I went to their website and watched him play & sing 3 songs.  He sounds like Bob Dylan to me.  I went to Itunes but couldn't find him there so I found him at Amazon.  I certainly recommend this album to anyone that likes Bob Dylan.  Sixto's  music is wonderful.
At last Rodriguez is recognized for the writing and performing genius he is!  It's been a long time coming, but finally this artist is achieving the fame and recognition he has so long deserved.  This album is beautifully written and sung and I can't wait to get more of his work.
I'm sure there are countless great works of art that were never appreciated in their time and won't be luckily enough ever be fully appreciated.  Luckily, Rodriguez' story was brought to light by the excellent film and now many more people know his music.
I guess growing up and living in the Dirty D makes for a good album.  I am still amazed at how this went unnoticed in the U.S. for so long.
I absolutely love this music. It is folk mixed with rock and really speaks to the time it was recorded. I am upset that I took so long to discover this gem. Thanks to 60 minutes for bringing this great artist to me. Anyone who has a passion for 60's and 70's music will absolutely love this CD. I only wish there was more of his albums around but as far as I know, this and Coming From Reality are all there is..
How could this music have been overlooked for so long?  Sixto's social awareness and compassion for the human race is timeless and very relevant in the world we live today.  Very glad that this wonderful album has been rediscovered.
This is arguably one of the best albums I have ever heard.  Sixto Rodriguez is a Bob Dylan with a better voice, but equally poetic and deep lyric.  Unfortunately, as depicted in &#34;Searching for Mr. Sunshine&#34; he never received the recognition he deserved.
I am totally wowed and even blogged about Rodriguez in more detail on my  blog - search for joyleftowsblog. A great poet and phenomenal person who has so many talents he was pulled in multiple directions artistically, politically and socially. A great hit in South Africa for several decades he was mostly ignored here stateside probably largely to do with prejudice. Imagine a Mexican American import writing more meaningful and poetic lyrics than Donavan and Dylan combined. To top it all off, this man cares nothing for cash and gives all his proceeds to the needy. Rodriguez I love you your music your poetry and lyrics!
I think this is the album sold on the sly in South Africa during apartheid.  Listen and you will know why.  Suppression takes many ugly guises and Rodriguez captures the subtle cruelties of life in so many ways in his songs.  Sing Rodriguez, sing and tell it like it is....  Tell the capitalist  pigs and the elitists bigots that we won't take it anymore.
I loved every minute of the CD.  I don't know if it will appeal to everyone, but it will certainly appeal to baby boomers.
I purchased this after watching the documentary &#34;Searching for Sugarman.&#34;  Rodriguez's story is one of the most uplifting ones you will ever know.  Have tickets to his October 10 performance at Radio City Music Hall.
To tell the truth I had forgotten about this artist until I ran across it here, I was thrilled to find the CD and the music is wonderful.  Reminds me of my happy youth.
This is an awesome CD - and what an amazing story, you have to see the movie, too!!  (true story)
I Received the cd today.  Brand New, quick delivery.  This music is something everyone should experience. Spread the word. Detroit makes music. Thanks
Think of a psychedelic, hispanic singer who channels Dylan, Jim Croce and James Taylor in a completely incredible way and you have an inkling of Rodriguez. He created this stunning music in Detroit in the late 60's and went undiscovered in America. He adds another chapter to Detroit's rich musical history of people like Marvin Gaye, Stevie Wonder, Smoky Robinson, Aretha Franklin, Eminem, Jack White, Anita Baker and Kid Rock to name just a few. It's sad that he had to wait all these years for recognition, but we get to experience an undiscovered gem from the 1960's which makes it an even cooler story. In my opinion, there is not one bad track on Cold Fact or Coming from Reality. This is music with wisdom, confidently told in a very engaging style.
Previous reviewers have said everything already! This album was recommended to me by Pandora on a Dylan radio station, suggesting I'd like this if I like Dylan... and sure they know their stuff!
If I hadn't seen the documentary about Rodriquez, I would have missed out on some awesome music.  The songs are great!
If you like old Simon & Garfunkel then you should like this.  Quite haunting and addictive.  See the video Searching for Sugarman for more background.
This man is so talented. He could have been as famous as Dylan. His music and lyrics are as fresh and timely as they were when they were written in the late sixties and early seventies.
Cold fact is a true gem. One of the great lost albums of the late 60.s early 70's. It was completely overlooked here in the US when it first came out. It went nowhere and no one ever heard till decades later! But in South Africa it took off like a silver bullet upon it's release and became one of the classic albums to be released there. From beginning to end this album is filled with powerful moving tracks. Rodriguez is a Latin Bob Dylan with a Motown soul vibe thrown in for good measure! Try it you will like it!
My husband has listened to nothing else since he received the CD! It's particularly meaningful if you saw the 60 Minutes piece or the movie.
Rodriguez reminds us of Bob Dylan in this CD, yet it is music all his own.  This music from  the early 70's finally available to a wider audience.  It is so worth hearing!  Too bad it was lost for long but so good it was found!
This is an amazing artist, I almost didn't purchase for fear of him not receiving royalties from the industry who robbed him.
We just had the great enjoyment of watching "Waiting for Sugarman" at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival.  This documentary tells the lovely story of Rodriquez, his music and popularity in South Africa, and reveals what a truly special personality he is.  Whoops ... didn't mean to spoil it.  There were rumors that he had died a horrible death, perhaps on stage, perhaps a suicide by gunfire or self-immolation.  The good news is that's not true.  Indeed, at the end of the movie, we had the incredible experience of seeing Rodriquez in person!  His music, his story and his personality are inspiring.  Get the music, and see the movie if you can!
I saw a documentary on Rodriguez and fell in love with his music! Cold Fact is a very good album.
you just won't get a better album, if you like this kind of music it's simply outstanding. All personal taste here but I loved it!!!!!!!!!!
Most of us came to this through the great filmSEARCHING FOR SUGARMANand it is SO good to support this wonderfulman by buying and appreciating his work.Love it. AND my 30 year old daughter said &#34;Who IS that?&#34; as soon as she walked into the house and heard it.Something very deep about this guy and it goes right to the heart.
How did I miss the album in High School?  Timeless.  Echos of Bob Dylan with the brass of a Bobby Hart and Tommy Boyce ballad.  I liked nearly every cut.  Some of the topics could be about society now, not just the problems of the 70's.
Incredible album by a singer songwriter that should have be a superstar!! Think of inner city social issues being sung by Jim Croce!!
This should go to anyone who appreciates rock with a conscience.  It is complete in its message and provides mental imagery beyond what so many of today's artists could even begin to imagine.
As with the other CD I purchased, this one is great listening. Cannot believe he was passed over in the 70's.
This is a current favorite due to the effort put forth, the laid back lifestyle,and the journey of Rodriguez which compliment the music.
This album is one of those raw gems that you only come across every once in a while if you are lucky. Buried by time and distance; this album was a huge hit in the 70's with progressive thinking people in South Africa. I am happy that I stumbled upon this album because it is filled with uplifting rock sounds from the era that will surely not disappoint today.
This is a great album. Wish I had known about this guy years ago. Can't believe he became so popular in South Africa and never become popular in the good old USA.
WOW!! I bought this (and Sixto's 2nd release) after watching Searching for Sugar Man (the Rodriguez bio piece that won a 2012 academy award).  Probably the best investment in music I have made in a very long time.In spite of the late 60's-early 70's arrangements and limited production quality I was absolutely blown away by Rodriguez's songwriting and delivery.  He truly made me rethink my opinion of Bob Dylan as the ultimate American songwriter.I can understand why the release may have failed in the U.S. in the early 70's because our music was taking a different direction and the political unrest towards the war in Viet Nam had already hit its pinnacle, but its no wonder that Cold Fact became such a big hit in South Africa where they took the time to relish the deep philosophical and humanistic tone of Sixto's lyrics and melodies.The interesting thing is that even though these songs are over 40 years old, they touch on the same personal, societal, and world issues that continue today.  Each song is a timeless piece of art.If you buy &#34;classics&#34; for your music collection, it won't be complete unless you include some Rodriguez.
You have to remember -this was recorded in 1971....but as you listen...you will find the songs stuck in your head...and a lot of interesting lyrics....this is solid. He sounds like croce, chapin, dylan, van morrison....vocally and lyrically....it's worth the listen...and the extra listen....
Sounds a lot like Dylan, but this man had great insight into his world.  Great listening and watching the move about him was really interesting.
Liked the movie, love the CD.  At times Rodriguez reminds me of both Bob Dylan and Neil Diamond but his voice is unique and his music has grown on me quickly. One of my go to CD's.
I enjoy music, more than most people who say they enjoy music.  I like knowing facts like who is Ian Stewart (look it up I did) after listening to L.Z. one day.  But had know idea about this musician until watching the movie.  Ordered both CD's right away and have enjoyed them a lot.  Funny how some people make it big, and others just don't get the break.  Timing, Karma, Luck, who knows but glad I now know about Rodriquez.
The CD that made Rodriguez famous in South Africa.  Great songwriting, great vocals, great music.  Don't miss this one - it's a solid winner.
Very relevant and timeless lyrics.  poetry. beautiful. Has already made it to my favorites of all time list.. Have been telling everyone I know about it so they can hear for themselves.
I spent my teenage years (in the nineties) listening to the wonderful lyrics and resonance of this artist. As all teenagers do, I thought I was original, much to my disgust - my uncle blew a hole in that world-view, when he told me that he had Rodriguez' LP. Which he had bought in the early 80's.This music is of a timeless place that reflects the mood of at least two generations.
Xlnt Music - Xlnt Vendor! All Aspects of Purchase in Perfect Order, would definitely do business with this vendor again
This is a fantastic CD with lyrics that sound eerily relevant today. Sixto is an engaging artist. Very enjoyable.
Have both this CD and purchased Coming from Reality yesterday. Both CDs are wonderful. This mans writing I find both moving and brilliant.  I have seen the movie Searching for Sugar man twice. The second time I watched with my son, another budding musician. He was mesmerized by the film and so I purchased him both Cold Fact and Coming from Reality. As a young person in the late 50's and 69's it stuns me how such a talented man could disappear, no records, simply nothing. I am so grateful to the folks that took the time and energy to track him down. The movie tells all and is an amazing story. SOOO get movie and both CD's , esp if you have older sons who are musicians or just enjoy listening to music ....is a good bonding experience
Amazing lyrics, fascinating story, you must also watch the movie (won't regret it).I had the movie on my DVR for a while but kept pushing it at the bottom of the list - how ironic and close to the story.Even it had an Oscar I was still not giving it a chance - my reaction was the prequel. Brilliantly sad.Same night I bought the album - best purchase in many years.
we saw the documentary on rodriguez and got this album right away. it is really incredible. i listen to it all the time. my favorite.
This was his first album and what an album!  The guy is a master poet who can wrap his words wonderfully to the music arrangements.  The style is very much 70's and has an edge to it.  The songs are very powerful and can still apply to the troubles in  current societies.  I downloaded it three days ago and cannot stop listening to it.  Every time I listen to it, I hear something new.  The guy is great and so glad he is getting the recognition he deserved.  This is a must have for any music collection.  Also, be sure to check out Coming From Reality.  The songs are a bit more developed along with a couple of wonderful ballads!
I love the vynil, it was exactly as described and my friend loved the present! I am pleased with the seller and the product
I had seen the movie and liked the music in it. I was happy to find out that every song on this CD is excellent. It's my new favorite.
It is sad that it has taken so many years to get this great music heard in this country. I was playing my CD this morning.  I love it.
I enjoyed this CD very much. I like his music and his easy going style. And I won't get tired of playing it over and over again. I would recommend it to a friend.
Love it love it love it and  feel rodriguez must be given his spot in musical history along with the other musical greatsfrom the past including groups like the amazing temptations;
Good listening. easy to relate to and a look back on a good artist, just wished we had known of him years ago .
We received a tip that we should rent the DVD &#34;Searching for Sugar Man&#34;.  Once we watched the movie and I heard just small portions of his music, I wanted more.  I was a little apprehensive about what the quality of the CD's might be (I bought Coming From Reality, also), but I shouldn't have worried.  His music brought back memories of the 60's and 70's, but the way he used words to create his stories was incredible.  There is only one song I'm not incredibly fond of on this CD because they tried to bring the psychedelic (sp) sound into his music, but it's still interesting.  &#34;I Wonder&#34; is definitely my favorite.  Not sure who to compare him to - you just need to rent the DVD first to truly enjoy the music and the man who created it.
I first learned of Rodriguez while visiting New Zealand in March, 2013 and hearing him interviewed on a radio station there.  When I returned to the States, I bought this album.  It's a marvelous work.  With lyrics, song structure, and instrumentation, Cold Fact takes some twists and turns that are unexpected and, yet, seem to fit Rodriguez and his music perfectly.  Moving and melodic.  Now a favorite album of mine, 40+ years after it was released.  Life is strange.
After seeing the documentary Searching for Sugar Man, I knew I had to get his music on vinyl.  The album came (though shipping took longer than stated) and it is just as amazing as the music I heard throughout the movie.  Rodriguez's soulful lyrics and melodies are just amazing.  Best album I've purchased in a long, long time.
Very satisfied with my purchase of the Cold Fact CD. I would recommend it to anyone who likes folk music.
Get the CD from the artist everyone is talking about: Rodriguez.  He was overlooked in the 70's when this album was released, but he's white hot now.
I grew up listening to Rodriquez and am so excited to find the CD. Great and timeless. If you like his music, you must see the documentary 'Searching for Sugarman'
Equally good CD. Sugar man's way of expression in music is great1 Touches the soul and pulls at the heartstrings..
After seeing Searching for Sugar Man, I wanted to get Sixto Rodriguez's music right away.  The CD arrived quickly and was in good condition and I am enjoying listening to it.
This is a great CD and came in perfect working order.  The case was fresh and wrapped neatly with plastic.
Growing up in New York City..the Bronx..similar to Detroit in the 40s/50s/60s...I remember how life existed in the city....and the music....&#34;Cold Fact&#34; by Sixto Rodriguez brings back many great memories...Louise
This is a fabulous cd.  Every track is a winner.  Great tunes complimented by even greater poetry.  Where did he get those lyrics?
After seeing the documentary about Rodriguez, I had to have his albums! They did not disappoint! Real Arlo Guthrie style but better.
When listening to this album - it was like opening a time capsule to my early twenty's.  You can play Rodriguez' Cold Fact over and over and like it more each time.  He is easy to compare to Bob Dylan, but different in a soothing soft yet blunt way.  Rodriquez definitely is both funny and rude  -as well as sensitive.  His first lines of "I Wonder" would shock the middle class in the 1960's -  and "Rich Folks Hoax" he sings "The priest is preaching from a shallow grave, he counts his money, then he paints you saved".  Rodriquez also sings of love that died, "Thanks for your time, and thank me for mine, and after that said, forget it".  His music is a wide window into the 1960's and 1970s- and cleverly parsed words reveal thoughts of rebellion, misunderstandings between people, and wonder at the world growing more outspoken about duplicity.  Now, at 70 years old, his music is finally being appreciated here.Rodriquez grew up in Michigan, his dad becoming foreman at Great Lake Steel and a mother who died when he was three years old. After seeing the movie, "Searching for Sugarman" I can see how his album's music influenced the anti apartheid movement in South Africa. He was "Rock Star" in South Africa.  Many of his lyrics speak and spark refusal to obey.  Also after watching him interviewed on 60 minutes, recently,  his humility and decency show how kind and devoted to his daughters the man is. Rodriquez still lives as a "minimalist" taking little from others or the environment  - donating his long overdue  monies to the three daughters he raised on his own and to other causes.Now Rodriquez is 70 years old - the people in the U.S. are enjoying him and his music.  His concerts are selling out.  Rodriquez deserves this success, and I continue to enjoy the "cold facts" of his thoughts through the music.
Rodriguez is amazing.  Beautiful music, poetic lyrics and lovely voice -- the whole package.  Can't believe he wasn't a big star here 40 years ago.  But better late than never.  And what a presence.  A guru, actually.
The lyrics to Rodriguez&#8217;s songs are as true to life now as they were when they were written.  He is truly a poet and story teller.  The musical accompaniment is rewarding in its sound and character.  This is truly one of those alums you can listen to over and over.  After listening to this recording you can only hope he has not lost his poetic reflection on life and we will hear more from this artist.
This was bought so I had a cd of one of the best albums ever made, by one of the worlds unsung artists.
Where to begin....  I love this album. The words and the music are so spiritual and just timeless.  My biggest regret is that 40 years were lost and I hope that in the future Rodriguez will continue to create and release more music.  What a remarkable story to learn that this album became symbolic and was an inspiration to so many people during such a troubling time in South Africa. Rodriguez is undeniably a living legend. Take your time when you listen to this CD.  Enjoy the beat, listen to words and appreciate the gift he has given us.  His story is an inspiration to all.
My mother and her boyfriend introduced me to Rodriguez and I was sold upon hearing just a few tracks. I bought the album Cold Fact and have been listening in my car and it feels like a cool summer in 1970s America...but really I'm in snowy New England in February. This will be a new driving and writing companion of mine for sure. Like others have said, its short..so consider buying his second album as well. It's too bad his career didn't take off in the states. We would likely have an excellent catalogue to go through today :/  My favorite tracks are Inner City Blues, Hate Street Dialogue and Establishment Blues.
I like Coming from Reality better, but this album has some great tracks.  Here is a man who understands the contradictions of modern life and the difficulties the common people face in a world infused with the influence of money.  So glad I discovered him through &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;.
Where has this man been all my life!!?! Grew up listening to 60's music with friends who owned crates full of albums but never came across Rodriquez. That is a terrible loss. I wish I had been able to grow up with his music like they did in South Africa and Australia but am so happy to listen to his stunningly beautiful music now. Came across Seaching for Sugarman a few weeks ago and have watched it probably four times already. I don't think anyone can sit through that film of Rodriquez's rediscovery and not just feel happy. Such an inspiring, wonderful, happy story. Justice in the end for a man with the most beautiful voice on the face of the earth. I honestly can't think of anyone with a timbre like his though there are some who have achieved fame and wealth who aren't too bad...I have to think that the "years in the wilderness" of Detroit have made him who he is and even though it was our loss, the loss of all those years of knowing his music were necessary to make this the best real story I have ever known. Who cannot love the story of someone who carries on without complaint holding inside of himself a genious? Who cannot love that he did hard labor with the soul of a philosopher and the eyes of an artist. He is an inspiration. Rodriquez is 70 now and I have never seen a 70 year old so fit. Not only the best story ever but with the music of what...an angel?
Just thought I try this &#34;Cold Fact&#34; cd out since seeing Rodriguez on 60 Minutes. Very impressive to say the least, especially back then. Lyrics are great and the music is short and sweet and stays in your head for days and months to come.
Ordered two after I was the movie about Sexto Rodriquez. One was for a gift and the person loved it. As for myself I enjoyed the CD very much.
The documentary was fantastic & we're now fans of Rodriguez - can't say any more than that just to fill up space!
The only possible contender for BEST ALBUM EVER is &#34;Coming from Reality&#34; by Rodriguez.  This was so good, I bought 3 other copies to hand out to friends and relatives.  I listen to these two albums all the time
steve Rowland the producer said this was magnificent, he is very well know for doing coming from realityhe had jack bruce from cream harry neilsen who was john lennons best fred on this recording super super cd
I rented the movie, &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;, and fell in love with this man, his story and his music.  I immediately got on Amazon.com and found and ordered his albums.  I love them!!
My husband is from South Africa and talked about this man for many years but could never find any of his music, now he has this CD and is so happy, Wonderful story of his life on the web too.
I missed him the first time around. So glad I saw the documentary of his life. Got a copy for my son.
Excellent music and lyrics.  It should be marketed much better because it is an unknown work of art. Very enjoyable.
great artist
I saw the sequel on TV. and didn't even know him or his music.Knowing he was like an &#34;elvis&#34; In south africa, selling millions of Albums and never receiving a dollar for it.It Just shows how unreal, crooked, they were to Rodriquez and how they derailed him financially as he struggled so hard to raise his family.Good Movie with an unbelievable amount of effort on south African historians news paper writers to find this Man and share him with us in the United States!
Same as my review for Coming from Reality - the very, very best. Would highly recommend to buy all Rodriguez music.
Great music, What happened? What went wrong for someone to have such talent fall through the cracks? Greed on other people's part? Attt
after watching the movie I had to ck out the cd.  its a great cd I think.  its definitely got a 70's beat, but I dig it!  I'm, in my 30's and I think any age would like it.
I love this guy! And the Cd is great. I am so glad he's finally getting his due.Thank you.
Perfect music! In conjunction with the history of the performer... simply the bestI recommend to all who want to support SugarMan
Can you imagine Rodriguez live at the Newport Jazz $ Folk festival/ STANDING ovation! Where the hell was Berry Gordy?  Mark Scortia@rrwatchman54@yahoo.com
This is a brilliant album! So many wonderful songs highlighting Sixto Rodriguez's lyrical brilliance and powerful statements, complemented by a voice that was made for storytelling. A great album!
love the music, love the poetry of lyrics and I feel cheated that I never had the chance to hear Rodriquez 30+ years ago!
Fabulous CD and a great story behind the artist!  Not sure how the US missed him in the early 70's~
Wonderful lyrics sung to a beat that captures your heart. The writer singer is fantastic. He was ignored in the US but cherished in South Africa. No one knew who he was until the making of the documentary Searching for Sugarman. Do not miss this album.Libbie
Loved it! His music is timeless - still relevant today. What a talent to be so under appreciated in the US.
This album shows Rodriguez's versatility. The songs are so personal and emotional.  I can listen to this album all day. His music is very calming and relaxing.  This is a nice change from what we have to listen to being played on the radio today.
When I saw the documentary on Rodriguez, I couldn't wait to buy the &#34;Cold Fact&#34; CD.  He deserves recognition for his talents, even though it is coming late to him.
Loved this CD, he is a musical genius as far as I'm concerned. play this over and over again. Highly recommend his music.
Never heard of Rodriguez until I saw the movie &#34;Finding Sugarman&#34;.  Interesting viewing if you are a fan.  Enjoying his music and better late than never ;-)
Have you ever had a really fine experience / can't remember its' origin?  1942, Detroit-born Sixto Diaz Rodriguez is one of those. From a hard, working class background, inclined toward movies and music and influenced by his father's guitar playing, he taught himself and quit school at 16. The potential to create an emotional reaction, delivered with genuine feeling that could move people in many ways, proved to be the key to his popularity. In the 60s/70s, when war, words, music, and the streets came alive, Rodriguez's singer-songwriting talent carried him to widespread popularity, becoming mainstream in Australia and South Africa. Mid-to-late 60s concerns about &#34;downtown&#34; life - streets, drug dealers, hookers, perfectly fueled his concerns, and one record producer commented, &#34;When you deal with Rodriguez's songs, you're not dealing with an everyday song. The song can be soft and melodic, but the content is always something you don't expect.&#34; Despite positive reception of &#34;Cold Fact&#34;, it was overshadowed by Bob Dylan, James Taylor, Jose Feliciano, and the Beatles, whose music was more positively palatable for marketing.  Pre-internet and no new recordings, prompted his supporters to believe he was dead, but genuine admirers launched an 8-yr search. Initially yielding no success; every known contact leading no where, small clues finally proved successful and &#34;Sugarman&#34; Rodriguez was found living in his old Detroit neighborhood, working in construction. Several people benefitted many thousands of dollars from Rodriquez, but none filtered to him. With North American promotion lacking, unbeknownst to him, international licensing and bootlegging created a huge following and market for him, and through intense coercion, Rodriguez agreed to appear in person. Sold out concerts in '98, '01, and '04 were for Rodriguez unprecedented and proved his talent and dedication.  I became aware of Carlos Rodriguez when I came across a video, &#34;Searching for Sugarman&#34;. Doing a search enabled me to find his CDs, and in 2013 I attended a sold out performance of his concert in S.F., CA.  His CDs are quite good, and in addition to the quality of the music itself, the backstory makes listening all the more enjoyable.
Listen to it EVERY day. Have turned numerous friends on to his music. Saw the documentary. Wish he had tasted success at an earlier age. What a guy. So insightful and true.
Some of the best music I've heard in recent years. I love, love, love it.  A must have work of art.
What a lost classic. Do not miss this album. Both of his albums are great, don't know what people in the 70's were thinking. Oh wait..
One of only 3 CD's that Rogriguez has ever put out...and this one....like the other 2...is a genuine classic.  This man delivers the goods...and then some.  A must buy...for those who appreciate great songs...great music!