Do not download this album. The sound is terrible. The CD sounds horrible as well. Wait for the the re-masters
amazing album!!! only complaint is the encoding wasnt done right and the album volumes are all over the place. certain tracks are WAY louder.... been listening to this album since it came out so i know its the mp3 quality
I was sample new music for my collection and did not find this appealing.  Simply not my cup of tea.
Except for the first track, Brahms Hungarian Dance No. 5, this is the worst &#34;sampler&#34; or collection of classical music I have ever encountered. It seems like the pieces were chosen at random, not for any similarity of theme, energy, pace, or even volume. One piece was so faint I had to turn up the sound just to hear it (and my hearing is excellent).I enjoy classical music a great deal and am always looking to expand my music library, but I was disappointed in this sampler. I have no idea how this collection could be considered &#34;soothing,&#34; as one reviewer called it. I would say discordant.
I like this band but not this song. I really wish I did not buy it. I will however keep it saved.
I imagine that this would be nice if it was a whole cd,but from what I heard I just thought it was okay.
It won't open on my kindle the way I expected it to much less on my computer where I originally ordered it.
The music on this compilation is beautiful and relaxing. I'd wanted to place this compilation on my iPod in a sound dock near my bed for lullability purposes.That being said the file path as downloaded onto a windows computer begins with \?\C:Documents....etc. Unless you have Amazon Downloader send it directly to iTunes it will not import into iTunes from your hard drive. Even if you do have it downloaded directly to iTunes it will not export to any of three iPods i've tried it on. Error messages appear and it will not cross over. In addition, loading from the hard drive to Windows Media Player only three pieces are imported. These three pieces are the only ones in the download that contain the album title and artist in their name.I've encountered the |?| at the beginning of other downloads from Amazon MP3 and generally reloading the files from the hard drive takes care of the problem. Not in this case. What use is a set of music files that can't be heard anywhere but the device they were downloaded to?Very sloppy work Amazon techs!
It did not download correctlyand now I'm not going to try it again,It was free so no loss no gain
I guess it was not what I thought it would be from the description.  I was disappointed and the music was not relaxing to me.
The download never occured and so I never had opportunity to listen. I can't really rate what I haven't heard.
I don't like it cause it's not for me. If someone like this song, I will tell them about this song,so they can download it for them else.
i'm running windows 8 as an OS. I figured that free from amazon,couldn't be bad.well... I have no bugs in my system.after I downloaded it,i tried  to move it out of the amazon folder to my music folder.it didn't want to do it.i ended up moving the tracks instead.i tried dragging the remaining folder to the trash,instead it landed on my desktop.i have tried multiple times to delete the folder.it will not go.if you plan on keeping this,then it may be worth it.if you decide you may want to get rid of it,heed warning.
all but three of the files are corrupt when downloaded.  Multiple times.  I suspect it is because of the quotation marks included in the file names.
I have tried to download this album at least a dozen times and even though it does act like it is downloading I cannot play the songs as they have no size to their files.  I have done this on two completely different computers with different operating systems and two completely different media players.  I think the only way you can listen to this is by the cloud.  I have wasted way too much time on this and finally learned my lesson and gave up.
I downloaded the album, but only three of the mp3 files would play in the Amazon downloaded.  Downloading again gave the same result.
I am unable to review this album.  I could not download it because the Amazon down-loader would not work.  It needs to be more user friendly.
I tried to download the item but could not do successfully so finally gave up.  I wasted my credit allowed for this selection.  I am pretty disappointed.
Yes, folks.  Here's a collection that will take you back to those good 'ol days!  Back to the days when you had that early 1930's model car.  You know how sometimes when you're sitting in your chair near the window on a sunny day, one of those old songs you haven't heard in years just pops into your head?  Songs like Alexander's Ragtime Band, Avalon, and Shine On Harvest Moon?  Yup, they sure don't write 'em like that anymore.  Well, they're all here just waiting to take you back to those romantic times.  And all done in a nice, slow, shuffle tempo.  Nothing too rousing.  Just relax.  Unfortunately this collection is misnamed.  It really isn't much of a jazz sampler as it is a collection of songs whose time is long passed.  The selections aren't much jazz at all.  Maybe the name comes from the fact that the performers may play in a somewhat jazz style on some OTHER album.  Not this one.  So, if you're serious about Jazz and expect some new material or are under 80 yrs. old, don't bother with this one.  This is a wasted effort.  Spend your time on something else.  Boolah-Boolah!
I like Adele and was so disappointed that this CD was pretty pricey and she wasn't really featured on it at all.  It was only a few minutes and I would have returned it but didn't want to pay half as much as it originally cost to send it back.
It's the only song on the CD...maybe I should have read more carefully, but it's still a lot of money for 1 song.  Booooo!
CD has static through out and it skips a couple of times.  Not worth returning since it was only a single song CD.
I didn't know that their was only one song on the cd.  Talk about embarrassed not a very nice gift for my husbands Christmas.
For $10.99 thought I was getting a complete CD, not just one song.  No song is that good.  Description needs to be clear.
Hi,Because there was only one song on the CD, which I paid 15 dolars for one song, it is not fair for me.
Am very disappointed! Such a great song, but it has terrible sound quality. It's almost as if it was recorded in someone's basement.
Only one song....and for too much money. I expected to listen to a full disc and instead only 4 minutes
This is not Adele, and there are only 2 songs on the disc..This is a total rip off..don't buy it..
I was not aware when I bought this that it was only one track and only one song. It is the song for the movie and only that. I might try to purchase other Adele CDs in the future.
this is insane, can't believe people listen  that kind of trash. i stopped it after 30sec of listening. How lucky Adele is but i just listened the worst song  with my own ears. people should know she is just lucky.
Just not my taste in music. Thank goodness it was free since I have already deleted it from my playlist.
I am unable to give stars, rate the item or give a review because the Amazon downloader/player will not work with my computer system.I was VERY disappointed with that!The one star I gave it is NO reflection at all on the MUSIC, since I couldn't even get the music!I didn't want to give any stars at all, but the system forced me to.|Amazon needs to fix this!
See above review.  Another trite ablum of Christmas music that I am forced to play each Holiday season.  What else can I say.
I received this as a free digital download, which was pretty nice. I listened to it and decided not to add it to my ipod christas list. Not really my type of music.
I did not like any of this music...terrible selection.  I am going to try and get a refund for this purchase.
Good for a laugh, this is even worse than Muzack.  It's pretentious and tasteless all at once.  Is it suppose to be a jazz interpretation of Christmas music?  Maybe so.  It does resemble the horrible-nervous drug-addled vibe that some jazz gives.
How can I determine if something is good if I never purchased this! So I don't know how good it is!
After downloading it and trying to play it, I got the error message that my Kindle Fire did not support the app to play/listen to it.  Soooo, I can download it, but not listen to it.  It's like a small child finally getting the Christmas present he'd been hopping for and no batteries to make it work and no stores open to buy any.
I did not order this item so I do not know why it is on my list. Oh well whatever
Glad it was a free download, because this was all quickly deleted from my christmas song rotation. More appropriate for elevators than actual listening.
what part of 3 songs constitutes an album -free on not.  please be honest with your customers we are not idiots, well some are
i dont know why this is on my account. i never ordered this. this is a mistake. im sure its nice but i dont know
This is not the type of music I am looking to find, especially Christmas music.This review may not make sense to some of you but here goes. I am a conservative Christian with a praise and worship orientation. I look for both subtle and obtuse worship under and overtones to the music I choose. In my opinion, this doesn't have it.
It was lame. none of the songs were even complete versions. would not even think of downloading again. waste waste
I never got my &#34;free&#34; Christmas music because I didn't want to download the Amazon &#34;i-tunes-like&#34; app.  You will not be able to listen to this on your itunes, or whatever website you choose to use because you will have to listen to it through their app.  The free music is just a ploy to get you to download Amazon-cloud, or whatever they are calling it.
Horrible choices for something that is &#34;must have&#34;. Couldn't delete the songs fast enough. Worst selections I have ever heard.
There is a musical style for everyone - this is not my style. I don't want to knock anyone that likes classical pops types of music, I just prefer not to listen to it myself. If that's your thing, this selection will probably make you happy.
I went through the hassle of downloading this, even though it turned out to be four (count'em 4) cuts that were less than memorable. Deleted them almost immediately.
extremely disappointed with this, must have Christmas Masterpieces thought there would be more then just 1 song.  All others are 99 cents each!!!!!!!
It cost nothing to download, and it doesn't play correctly at all. That makes it miserable to work with, right? If I have the same problem again on any downloads, I will remove the player and chalk it all up to experience.
Did not live up to my liking. Just songs that nobody would like to listen to at anytime of the year. A hodge podge of junk songs that some one at Amazon would think that you would like.
I don't care if it is free-I don't want Christmas music in March.  Please reverse this order!  I am frustrated!
Segments are too short.  Also, I was not interested in all 4--just 2 of them.  And I don't like being told &#34;must-have&#34;--baloney!
if you like time life christmas you'll love this, otherwise buy the time life christmas, better versions of all this music are available
I have no idea how the music is.  I'm unwilling to install some inane Amazon app to simply download some mp3s.  I simply want to download them to my hard drive and listen to them with my own chosen app.
Don't like this music.  I tried to delete it but can't get if off my Kindle.  People have different tastes so maybe someone else would like it.
I do not like this as it's not the music style that I was looking for. Glad it was free. The quality playback was fine.
The four song album is free, but if you only like one or two of the songs, Amazon will charge you ninety nine cents each to get them separately? Huh?What a ripoff!
If you're calling it free, why is each individual song shown as costing 99 cents? Which IS it, now????? Humbug!
this downloaded in some silly amazon proprietary format, and the only way to open it is if you install some unwanted amazon music manager.deleted it.
I was looking for meditation music and got elevator music. Why anyone could call it &#34;new age&#34; I don't know.
I thought free, wow. Big mistake! After loading the recommended Amazon cloud player, then downloading the music which was supposed to be windows media player compatable, I found it wasn't compatable and the process used all my Hughes net minutes and I was closed off for 24 hrs and it still isn't downloaded to my computer. Big, big mistake.
I just finished downloading (from the cloud) and there's a problem.  Four of the tracks will not play on Windows Media Player or on Winamp (on a Windows XP system).The bad tracks are:(disc 1) track 04(disc 1) track 08(disc 2) track 10(disc 2) track 13If I try to open them in Windows Media Player, nothing happens; the name doesn't even appear in the playlist.If I try to open them in Winamp, then (disc 1) track 01 (Canon) plays instead!I believe that the problem is caused by the file name/path being too long.  Windows won't even let you rename them in the normal way.UPDATE: I've found a workaround to the file problem, which is listed at the end of this review.*ALSO:  Several of the tracks are NOT relaxing, IMHO.  For example, disc 1 track 9 (Violin Sonata) has several passages that become quite loud and full of angst...  not relaxing to me.  Disc 2 track 4 (Ballade No. 1) has several sections that are quite loud and heavy-handed, and a section near the end that is quite agitated.  Disc 2 track 10 (Sonata for Two Pianos) begins quietly, but has several passages that become quite loud and aggressive.  Disc 2 track 16 (Minuet in G) has a few sections that are downright bombastic, with the piano hammering out the bass line in octaves while the orchestra plays fortissimo.Indeed, classical music is not necessarily intended to be soporific.  But the selection on this pair of MP3 "discs" seems to be quite erratic.  To point out just one glaring example:  where is Brahms' Lullabye?Buy this as a general sampler, if you like.  But do NOT expect to be relaxed and lulled to sleep when it's finished.* FILE REPAIR SOLUTIONAs I suspected, the problem is the excessive length of the file name and "path" (the entire route that the computer takes to get to the files).  Windows allows a maximum of 255 characters for the path + name.By default, when you download these, Amazon will put them in this path:C:\Documents and Settings\All Users\Documents\Amazon\Various Artists\A Collection of the Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe\That's 135 characters right there, which leaves 120 characters for the track name.Now let's consider the name of one of the non-functional files:(disc 2) 10 - Sonata for Two Pianos in F minor, Op. 34b_ II. Andante, _un poco adagio_ - Sonata for Two Pianos in F minor, Op. 34b_ II. Andante, _un poco adagio_.mp3That's 165 characters.  So the total is 135 + 165 = 300 characters, well over the 255-character limit.  Windows just can't handle that!As a workaround, after you have downloaded all the files, navigate to the folder as listed above.  Temporarily rename the folder something very short, like "XYZ" (without the quotation marks).  That's 65 characters shorter than the original file name.  Now the totals are under 255 characters, so Windows will let you rename the individual files.  Go through and chop out all the duplicate information.  In the example given above, you'll cut out 72 characters, leaving a total of 93 characters.  Do this for all the tracks.Finally, if you want, you can go back and rename the folder to something reasonable, like "Relaxing Classical Music" which will give you a total length of 94 characters.  If you add the new file name (from the example above) which is 93 characters, you'll see that you end up with a total of 187 characters, well UNDER the 255 character limit.Of course one wonders:  Why didn't Amazon think about this, and use a reasonable album name, and file names WITHOUT duplication, in the first place.MY CONCLUSION:  Given that at least four of the tracks are NOT relaxing, and you'll have to spend at least 15 minutes screwing around to fix the file naming errors, IMHO this collection just isn't worth the trouble, even if it's free to begin with.  Of course if you're really hard up for music that is MAYBE relaxing... go for it.Personally, I think Amazon could and should do a better job.  I know I would, if I worked for them.
I recommend that they delete the files for this collection. The music is not relaxing; it is boring. You could hear this in the doctor's office waiting room or the elevator.
Amazon is so busy trying to sell their Cloud service that I am unable to locate any way to download this album. I have limited internet in a campground and therefore need to download music when I have good internet. The download process is no longer intuitive unless you want it from the cloud.
File folder is corrupt - can't remove from my PC no matter what I do.  The mp3s themselves are fine.  Nothing spectacular, about what you'd expect.  But the folder ....
I don't even remember this. I am thinking it was a free download I ordered or something. I can't remember.
This was just an advertising joke. We like Celtic music but this was just a blitz to get people to be aware of this music. I'll tell you what! I'll delete any further ads from Amazon or Itunes that says 'download free mp3 files'. You had to install Itunes, another very controlling software that I have completely deleted from my system.
This is Mazak for the culturally deprived, would be the best way I can describe this compilation.  Very sterile and monotonous.  Get a Pogues or Chieftains album for a true feel of Ireland.
When the title of the cd says explicit, they aren't kidding. This cd reminded me of a little kid who just learned the F word and was trying to use it as much as possible just to get a reaction. Sadly, her extraneous comments ruined her beautiful music.
most annoying music. Had to turn it off to talk to friends. I could not even tell that it was Christmas music
It was stated it was a mp3 file.  It was not.  Had to be played on your player from your cloud file database.
I was so disappointed with this--thank goodness it was a &#34;free&#34; offer from Topsavings! All instrumental renditions with odd arrangements. I do not recommend it for an uplifting Christmas.
Songs contained on this album represent to me the worst of today's music scene- sleazy sounds and probably sleazier lifestyles!  Humbug!
A somewhat sappy and unmemorable ballad. It feels formulaic, which is fine, but because the &#34;hook&#34; is weak, this tune will be easily forgotten.
I luv ya Uncle George. I really do. But this doesn't feel like a good thing. I will not be forced to download more software to listen to music. I appreciate that this is supposed to be free, but c'mon. Just how many players do I really need? Plus I don't know what the player does. I mean does it record all the other music files I already own and then start inundating me with ads to buy somebody's new album every time I want to listen to something? Why can't I just download the file directly as an MP3 and then listen in the player of my choice and decide if I actually want to keep it? In any event. I will never know if I like the song or not as I refuse to be forced into downloading more code to my computer.*** Follow up to comments***So apparently I am the only person on the planet who is not able to directly download it as a stand alone .MP3 file. As those of you who commented have said, there is a link that will let me do just that, but I would like to know why when I clicked on said link I still was taken to the install cloud player page? I read the link that said I could download the file on its own to my PC, and followed the instructions and guess what? It still took me to the page to download and install the cloud player. So when I used the word "forced" I am referring to the notion that if I want to listen to the whole song, I have to download yet another program. If I do not, then I can not listen to the song. No warning about it ahead of time. My "conniption" as one person put it is what if I had actually paid for music via Amazon? Would I only have the option to listen to it with their player? If so, then that doesn't sound like I have a whole lot of choice. Therefore, I am forced to used their program if I want to listen. So what's wrong with a nice plain as day notice before you make a purchase of "You will be required to download additional programming to listen to your purchase?"As for reviewing the song. I did. My review was that I could not listen to it to review without adding more code to my computer. If you want a more detailed review, here goes. From the few seconds of the preview of the song I could listen to, I would say that I am a little underwhelmed by this song. Had I been able to listen to it in its entirety, I may have developed a different opinion, but I may never know.
Can only enjoy it if I'm suckling it from the cloud, I guess I don't really OWN anything here. We cannot be trusted with our own property.Unless there is some way to actually download my digital files they are useless to me. I like storing my own files thanks. If any one knows how I could download my the books, music and videos I've bought It would be great to know how?
It didn't download to my player from the link I used. But, I was downloading it because George Takei posted a free link, so no harm done really.
I wouldn't know what it sounds like, because I couldn't download it without installing unwanted software on my computer.  I wrote Amazon to complain, and I got some boiler plate, &#34;We're sorry, but this sort of thing doesn't happen very often.&#34;  How useful!  It would only happen EVERY TIME I WOULD BUY A SONG FROM AMAZON.
I clicked on this to support George Takei. I was unable to download it. Extremely frustrating!  But if it helps George Takei then I'll do it again.
I'm so disappointed in this melancholic dissonance of sound and noise. I would rather listen to gay men bicker over fabulous clothing.
The melody bears cheap resemblance to Les Miserables and Miss Saigon that it's almost unnerving. Notwithstanding. Lea Salonga never disappoints when it comes to musicals. An even more interesting review can be read here: [...]
I've been hearing a lot of hype for this album, but I didn't fall in for it after hearing some early previews. After hearing the whole album, my opinion hasn't changed.On the surface, this album comes off pretty good. Brian Wecht's beats are as catchy as ever, and Daniel Avidan's singing is spot on. The majority of the falling falls on Arin Hanson's &#34;rapping&#34;. While his rythym and flow are near perfect, his voice makes you feel like your being talked down to by a school bully. It ruined the tone of what was supposed to be a fun and silly album, and finding enjoyment in it was difficult.The best thing I can say about it is that it was clearly made by three friends who were having a lot of fun with each other, but its a party we aren't invited to and can only view through a window. Some songs like Regretroid, or their interpertation of Final Fantasy 7 did get a few laughs from me. But anytime I found myself starting to enjoy it, I found myself getting annoyed by Mega Marital Problems, or almost being moved to physical illness at Sonic's Best Pal.My Recommendation: Only buy if you are die hard fans of Game Grumps. Otherwise go check out Ninja Sex Party's previous two albums. You'll find much more enjoyment there.
it's two dudes cursing a lot thats it.  and a white dude that can't rap. I just plain hatred this album.
I don't even know where to begin with this. I was hoping so hard that this would be an extremely good album but honestly, it's one of the worse I've ever listened too.There are a total of three songs that are &#34;decent&#34; and by decent I mean I can listen to them. I am serious, the majority of these songs are so bad I cannot listen to them more than once and I struggle to get through them.The songs I actually enjoyed were, &#34;Regretroid&#34;, &#34;It's Dangerous to Go Alone&#34;, and finally, &#34;Crasher-Vania&#34;. The only reason I can stand these songs are because these are the only one's on this album were Arin isn't rapping like an aggressive teen. The vocals from Dan are fantastic, the instrumentals from Bryan are decent enough. Honestly if you removed Arin I would have enjoyed this so much better, the rapping just makes me ill.I physically become ill when I listen to, &#34;Sonic's Best Pal&#34;. This song is so awful I actually couldn't bare it, I can barely listen to the preview let alone the entire song. That song, as well as the majority of this album literally sounds like Arin built a fantastical machine that flew over the united states and collected all the teen angst from American and concentrated it into the lyrics and vocals of these songs.Please, for your next album stop rapping like a hyped up 13 year old wanting to have intercourse with everything there is.Also no one wants to buy your albums for &#34;HAHA VIDEO GAMES I GET IT&#34;, you are getting sales entirely off your youtube viewer base, aka play to your strengths and stop making random ass lyrics.
I bought this not really knowing what I was getting. I must say, it's not really my taste in music. Wish I hadn't spent my money on it.
I only wanted one song. The other songs are not me. But to get the one song I had to pay 10.95 something I didn't want.
I wanted one song, the one called &#34;Simplethings&#34; by Miguel, but Amazon didn't sell the song as a single, so I had to purchase the while darn soundtrack, thinking there should be some good music along with Miguel's .... WRONG.It's a pity..... but at least I have the song &#34;Simplethings&#34; which BTW is Fantastic! I love Miguel and his music.The rest of the soundtrack just didn't measure up to &#34;good&#34; .... in my opinion.Peace and Respect.
I want a CD? Does everything have to go all digital?  I'm 26, and yes, I love CDs. Please create one. There's one for the first season!