Like many on the west coast and beyond, I've been bowled over by the Glitch Mob and its members on dance floors, in space craft hangers, and on the open Playa many times. But after numerous production delays, Kraddy's departure, and lackluster pre-release singles, my expectations for this album got pretty low. Even so, Drink the Sea came as something of a disappointment.Where are the live-wire dance tracks, body-anchored by down-low whomping beats, and brain-beguiling with myriad acoustic pseudo-artifacts swarming like metallic butterflies? This collection of uninspired would-be anthems will produce a big sound when belted out by workhorse PAs, but few of the tracks electrify.Weird, how sluggish the slow tempos all seems to be, and how many of the songs ditch their trademark dense glitchscapes for simplistic keyboard chord progressions. Seriously, guys, were you really high when you mixed this down? I don't know how else to account for the apparent fact that a sustained chord on a Hammond seemed to freeze the producers in some kind of trance. I guess we're supposed to be mesmerized by the warbling interference patterns a simple seventh chord can create, but I'm not.This album is too lethargic for the clubs, too bombastic for chill rooms, and too spare for casual listening. There are one or two standouts, but on early exposure I'm totally unimpressed and I don't expect to get much more out of repeat exposure. "Between Two Points" is a noticeable standout and suggests a much more fruitful direction the Mob might pursue on future projects.
It was ok. Could have been more hyper or some Bass drops. Missed some gaps. Mix it with another cd.
Azure Ray makes my kind of music-- and yet somehow, they manage to make it unlistenable. Don't misunderstand me-- it is in many ways well done-- but I found it impossible to latch on to, and even more impossible to get into. Maybe give the girls a little more time to progress-- go and buy an Angus & Julia Stone album instead.
I bought this album because i'm always looking for some new electronica to expand my mind. All the great reviews made it a no brainer. I'm sorry to say this album was very disappointing. All the tracks sound the same. What's frustrating is that all the tracks have great potential with many layers and interesting sounds. Where this album goes wrong is the overuse of this abrasive, robotic sound that is very over powering. After listening to a few tracks, this sound is all I can hear. Even when a track sounds like it's going to be down tempo, here comes this brain rattling sound that keeps you from feeling anything other than annoyance. This album could have been good but ends up missing the mark.
Hmmmm what to say.  I think this next venture by PhuturePrimative is Okay at best.  Really nothing like the first album.  I really enjoyed the first album, this one I've listened to only twice.  On this record the band, in my opinion, has gotten away from its "chill" concept.  The new record is more medium tempo dance and dubstep with very little chillout provided.  If you're into a more up-tempo electronica dubstepy sounds, then this is a great record for you.  But if you're looking for something like the first record, then you will be disappointed in this effort.
I grabbed this album based on all the positive reviews it was receiving and a few of the samples I heard from the first album.  Based on what I've seen, I should have just grabbed the first album instead because this album gets way too dubstep, wobbly bass heavy for my taste.  If it weren't for all the trendy wobbly bass, they would have had a solid album here.  I do find myself trying to give it a chance every once in a while, but I can only do a couple tracks and have to change it.
Its ok, but not the best music that I have ever heard.  But then, what do you expect for free?
So I'm super depressed when I log into Facebook that dreaded morning two weeks ago and find that a good buddy posted to my wall, a link that contained a sad article, the news that Pendulum broke up. Trying to reassure me, he tells me "at least we have Knife Party". And who the hell is Knife Party? One of Rob's over 9000 side projects he has worked on. So curious, I download the Rage Valley EP.The first frack started off nice, but then plodded along with the same boring beat for a long time on end, and it didn't take me long to... um, putting it mildly, not like it. The second track has a nice drop but is very anticlimactic, and same for track three until that narmy voice shouting "BONFIRE!!!!!" comes in and livens things up. The last track begins with a deep male voice singing "People move your feet until they kick us out, kick us ooouuuuuttttttt..." and this is pretty annoying, though to be fair there's some nice parts in it.Well, Rob doing derpstep sucks, and honestly, he had to have been high on something (he usually is) to drop a stellar band in favour of some crap side project.
Everything is fine until the lyric "we don't even have to try" part, he sounds lile he's squeeling like a pig, while the radio version doesn't have that. listen and you'll know what I'm talking about, download elsewhere where it dosnt sound like shit
This prduct is very relaxing but not something enjoyed.  I am sure for a person wanting to hear relaxing musice would enjoy it.
i have no complants about the quality of this download. i'm not a fan of this style of relaxation music. i prefer ocean, rain or storms to sleep by.
Just a bunch of crumby muzak, and in my opinion, does not accomplish its intended purpose. I guess each individual really needs to listen to a good sample before getting this type of relaxation music.
I was required to install an MP3 app on my computer to even download and listen to this..... I don't think so! Oh well, maybe I'm missing out. Why can't they just let us download the MP3 and play it however we wish?
This is a free sampler of relaxing music from a variety of sources.  If you are looking to find difference types or sources of relaxing/meditating music this may be helpful.  It is not relaxing in itself as the music keeps changing every 3 to 5 minutes.
If the objective is for your dog to be At One with Squirrels, it may be just fine for that.  But if you are a human who wishes to relax, the more likely outcome for you is boredom and irritation at the lack of variety.
many of the track r good , but, 3 or 4 r so load and irritating, i am not happy with it..
MP3 music has built in limitations on how many devices can play the copy you buy via MP3 providers. To me this makes it automaticly disappointing as I come from the days where you buy a copy and then play it on any device that is built to play it. That is why I usually buy music CDs with MP3s just a test the water or hold me till the disk arives. There appears to be no available music disk to this one and even if one were available, it would probably be the same kind of cheap disk production that I could make by creating a Music Disk for myself. I expect when I buy disks with the tracks on it that it will be commercially produced so that I can rely on long term possession of the music disk for the purpose of posterity. It seems to me as we go forward, we are going to have less and less things of real worth for passing on to our children and grand children. Perhaps it is time to begin rethinking some of the things we do -- obtain this album if you like the music or just use this to find the origination albums to buy for your collection but its time to go back to real distributor music disks again.
This is elevator music. The songs are standards and most of them are not "jazz" in any sense of the word. This is Jazz for people who find Jazz music too disturbing to listen to.
This may be another example of you get what you pay for. The key word in this product's title is "SAMPLER" meaning short, not full length, and a few examples of jazz.The music must be out of copyright so that it can be sold for so little money. Maybe there is so little demand for these pieces that selling them for anything is a marketing success.You might be thinking the poor sound might be due to my machine's audio reproduction. I have an excellent game machine with excellent audio.I wish I had not bought it.
I didn't realize that there was only 1 song on this CD, I bought it for my husband's birthday. He was disappointed that it was all instrumental music except for one song. He even ask me to send it back but I couln't find the receipt.
I played the CD and was disappointed,  Adele is my favorite singer and performer -  I expected more from all I had been hearing about this latest endeavor.  I was surprised to pay such a small price - especially when I was told it was not yet available -  I've forgotten the company name -  Adele's  21- and 19 -  both great!
I am inserting my edit of my previous review (see below) here so anyone reading this won't miss it.  Since I posted my original reivew I have since read that Adele suffered some type of injury/damages to her vocal chords which might explain the quality in her voice that I heard in all the samples I listened to before submitting my review.  If that is the case, can someone suggest a site I can go to where I can hear her voice before the damage/injury?  Thank you.--------------- Original Review ------------------I love the music and the lyrics are superb, not only good for this movie, but perfect for any 'end of civilization' scenario, however the singer, dare I say it, stinks.  This would have been a much better piece if it were sung by someone else, almost anyone else.  Although I have a nice speaking voice, I don't have a very good singing voice, but have been told by numerous people (people who would know) that I do have an almost perfect ear.  Therefore, perhaps I'm hearing nuances that others don't on this recording, but I cannot count the sounds Adele's putting out as good singing.I'd never heard Adele sing before hearing this recording of Skyfall, so in the interests of doing her justice, before writing this review I listened closely to other recordings made by her and she has the same type of sound (whine/twang) in almost all of them.  There are certain types of lyrics/pitches her voice just cannot carry or do justice to. Do the same as I did and, if you're being completely honest and/or aren't tone deaf, you'll notice it for yourself.I suppose the twang is OK if county western were the only music she sang, but not in the majority of the pieces of hers I've researched and definitely not in this one.  Not only that but in this piece specifically, you can hear every breath she takes.  IMHO, one of the marks of an excellent singer is NOT being able to hear them taking a breath.While there are some songs practically anyone can sing adequately, there are others that need to be matched with just the right singer.  Unfortunately in this case, Adele is not it.  While I can give the music and lyrics 5 stars, I have to give Adele less than zero.
When I purchased I thought that it was a full cd. It had only one song for $10. My fault but be aware.
I was under the impression that this CD by Adelle would include the entire soundtrack from Skyfall not just her song. Her song is is great but for the money I spent for this CD it was not worth just this one song. Would have done better downloading the song only if I knew that it wasn't the entire soundtrak. I won't do that again!.
This CD only contains one song prices for close to $12.00. Not worth the money and if you return it, you only get a couple of dollars back.
Not what I expected.  Should have listened to it better before I bought it.  Check it out for yourself, perhaps you will enjoy it more than I did.
The music was boring. Not complaining as it was free. But I really did not like it. Wish there was more free Christmas music to chose from.
This is just not my type of listening music. I didn't realize it was more jazz type I prefer more traditional style.
I thought this was the songs. Most of the ones played thus far has been nothing but insturments and no words!
These versions of the classic Christmas carols seems to be a lot more jazzy/easy music style then I expected, and I'm not a fan. If you're into that, however, you'd probably really enjoy it.
I like music with vocals. This is more like background music that you would play in a store. Good sleeping music.
not my kind of music,all instrumentali would not recommend this disc (even free) to any of my friends or family
WELL NOT ONLY DID IT TAKE ALMOST 2 DAYS TO DOWN LOAD  THERE WAS NOT ONE SONG I KNEW ON THERE ..IT WAS A GOOD MUSIC THOUGH
Why do all the songs say "Album Only"  How am I supposed to download the music?I gave it 2 stars but i don't know how good the songs are.
I've listened to all three tracks in their entirety.  They are worse than disappointing.These are entirely instrumental versions, no vocals.  But the only &#34;instrument&#34; seems to be a synthesizer, using various [artificial] sounds that sometimes sound like some sort of flute/whistle, and sometimes very slightly like a harp.  Everything is buried in a very deep layer of electronic reverb, entirely unnatural.  Even that is badly done:  in each given medley, when one song ends, the reverb fades out abruptly, instead of dying out &#34;naturally,&#34; before the next song starts.  Finally, the &#34;performance&#34; -- if you can call it that -- is very mechanical, with little or no expression.  There's no variation in tempo or in volume.  Me-cha-ni-cal.  Ro-bo-tic.I have no idea why this is called &#34;Celtic.&#34;  It's just cheap synthesizer music, period.  I guess this might be acceptable in an elevator, where you listen for less than a minute before getting out.  But I certainly wouldn't want to sit down and listen to this stuff intentionally.  At least it's not punk or rap.  So in the spirit of Christmas I'll give it two stars instead of one.If you are expecting real music (played by humans on real instruments), or something that is really Celtic, then skip this collection.  Doesn't Amazon preview this stuff before they unleash it on the public?
Yikes, who knew the celts were such big fans of synthesizers!This Christmas enjoy all the soul-less expression of elevator music without the elevator.Oh, and remember, it's free so you have to like it.
Ease down & have a taste of the soothing sound of music,sometimes slow is better,enjoy the sweet mood your in.
Maybe I didn't look closely enough, but I expected more than four songs and I was quite disappointed. Nevertheless, since one should never look a gift horse in the mouth, I am giving this two stars instead of only one.
Of the 4 songs available for this download only one of them I could stand to listen too. I am into traditional songs and these versions just kind of ruined the whole experience. I removed it right after I downloaded it.
It was free....but the songs are not popular renditions nor are they very pleasing to my ears. I like the classics and will pay for the songs I like.
The choices of the music weren't the ones I would have chosen. Most of the music is in every language, but English. I have heard better performances of most of the songs. I would pass on this one, and get something else.
not worth the free download.  Don't bother downloading it,  I would not download it again.  Was not aware of some of the artists. ThankYou.
Kinda cheezy, but what isn't cheezy about Christmas Music!  The price is right, so I went for it.  What have you got to loose?
These are very old school arrangements that felt uninspired. If you want to get a taste, listen to the preview first. Masterpieces really over stretches the term.
Love the artists presentation.  Very relaxing to sit and listen or hum too.  Would listen to all winter if possible.
I thought I was going to get classics, but there weren't any. Since the album was free, it's ok, but it wasn't what I expected.
We live in America and our language is English. There is only one song in English and although the music is similar the language is in a foreign language that could be saying anything.
some of these are pretty mediocre. I probably won't listen to it much, if at all. Better compilations out there.
Not at all what I had hoped for.  Disappointed in 2 of the songs.  The first two were okay. What can I expect for free?
Only played it once. I bought it for the Holidays but found I don't want just a couple of songs. I need full CD's. A few on line I don't play daily. So I won't do that again.
I liked it beacuse it was christmas cd but I didnt like it becuse it hade less tracks unstead of a full cd for free.
I only liked 1 song from this download.  I did not like the other renditions. I was not happy with this.
did'nt like any of the tunes.Don't set right with Christmas!!Got this as a free download,but have'nt played any of themmore than once.
I could not get into the music on this album for the life of me. I listen to a huge variety of music and usually find something of value on each album. This sounded like people trying to sound like amazing musicians but they missed the mark. This album is a compilation of those failures.
Did not like this at all.  Am constantly deleting them as I hear them.  Would like it to have been more meditative.
This collection was okay,not the best. It could have been better and I really wanted it to be better. just eh.
Downloaded because it came up as a free suggestion. But the arrangements are generally limpid and soporific. Maybe that's the intent of &#34;relaxing&#34; music.  But I couldn't really listen to much of it.
This was just some tinkly piano music. Fortunately it cost next to nothing on special and I had a free mp3 credit. I can't imagine paying the price that displays today. I deleted it from my Cloud Player.
This collection is comprised mostly of Eastern artists.  Jim Brickman and Andreas Vollenweider are the wild cards.  However, there's very little of an Eastern influence.  Most of the tracks are elementary-sounding, major-key piano pieces.  As background music, this is OK, but there's not much to hold your attention.
I am a massage therapist, so I am always looking for good relaxing music.  But I am also particular and am more drawn to singing bowls, native american flute, sitar, ocean waves - much more ambient music.  This was very orchestrated
Too many of them had annoying repetitive piano music. Skipping ahead randomly, the melody or tune playing was exactly the same.
just not my kind of music, it thought it would be more soft smooth music.  I don't like the beat
there are bits and pieces of some beautiful music here.  But I find it annoying that the album presents only a few minutes (perhaps one movement of a symphony) and then moves on to something that is often quite different.
I enjoyed the majority of these pieces for the price I paid! However, one cannot trust that the title on the track is an accurate representation of the music heard in playback:the track Prelude in C by name is NOT Prelude in C, although I don't know what it should be called.the track Ave Maria is actually a version of prelude in C (with some weird extra melody overlaid). It's surely NOT Ave Maria!The Four Seasons Winter track is NOT the Vivaldi Winter I know, and have listened to for years.But, it was FREE! :)
Ok release of classical music. While not outstanding, it is a decent collection of music to vacuum by, and very affordable.
did not like it. glad i did not pay any thing for it . will hope for better music later.
I tend to prefer my Celtic music to be a bit more minimalist: there's a lot of overproduction here, in my opinion.  I ended up deleting most of the tracks, saving the two most &#34;stripped down.&#34;
This was not what I expected. Guess I am used to a different type of Celtic music. If this is your 'thing' you may love it. Try it. It's a free app.
Usually Celtic music draws me in, this just kind of left me wondering where to go. It got a little monotonous after a few tunes, but it still kept me interested enough to keep one ear cocked towards the stereo in the other room.
The music is great but the length is what I do not like 24 seconds is not long enough for a sample.
Nothing all that special here except for the price - free. Perfect background Muzak for your St Patty's Day gathering.
Only 5 songs were downloaded on this album...it's a great album but it needs to be corrected and fixed. I've just lost money by having to purchase them individually even after I paid the full price. And since I lost money, you just lost a valued customer!
Two things as immediate disclaimers: 1) I love good theology. 2) I like Shai Linne.However, this album is by far his weakest. As much I like formula of theology + hip-hop this album feels forced, and in places, rather campy. Maybe I don't get it, and maybe this album isn't for me but trying to capture systematic theology as a discipline, in the art of hip-hop just doesn't work. Lyrics felt forced ("Election").  His song "Fal$e Teacher$" is written for deceived Christians in Africa... but I'm not sure they would be getting his album. In that case it just doesn't seem to fit. The song "Take Up and Read" tries to be clever and creative by taking book titles and authors and presenting them as writers that the Christian should read. Honestly this was the campiest song of the whole album. They chorus sings:We gotta take up and readOr we will never proceedIn growing up into maturity, we oughta take heedIn these last days what we needWe gotta take up and readAnd be the People of the Book!Gotta be the People of the Book!But the list of the books here are not inspired Scripture. Certainly they are good books, but they aren't mandatory for a Christian to read and grow. Discipleship is more than reading books.I could mention a few other things but I think I'll leave it at this. Shai and I would agree on our theology and I am thankful for his ministry and music. I just didn't think album was a very good representation of systematic theology and hip-hop.  It was a square peg (sys-theo) in a round hole (hip-hop).
Usually I don't like any type of Metal tracks, but I often listen to the free albums because I am occasionally surprised. This album had a few surprises. Everything not listed below, I deleted either because of the vulgar lyrics, growling vocals (not my cup of tea), or unintelligible lyrics. These are the most interesting tracks for me, but I did delete a few of them after listening to them 4-5 times.01 - Blood Like Cream [deleted] ...This has a good beat and is interesting musically, but I can't understand most of the vocals.03 - Orchard [keeper] ...This reminds me of the psychedelic music of the 1970s, but it's not overdone.06 - HW_ R.mp3 [keeper] ...Relatively simple and basic tune that reminds me of the Kinks of the early 1960's.07 - Dig [deleted] ...Poor sound mix. Interesting composition, but the vocals are overpowered by the instruments. It is also louder than most of the other tracks in the album.08 - Day's Work [keeper for now] ...Interesting guitar work; intelligible vocals. It sounds sci-fi themed.11 - The Line Between (BBC Live Version) [deleted] ...Typical guitar work for this genre, along with the clashing cymbals, making the music sound more like noise. The vocals are barely intelligible.12 - In Days of Woe [keeper] ...Good dance beat; rock sound.19 - Exiting the Hall of Vapor and Light [keeper] ...Unexpected surprise! Meditative; no vocals.20 - In Mirrors of Water [deleted] ...Unexpected surprise! Musically, this is a very intelligent and complicated composition. It has 4 movements. The first third is slow, melodic, and meditative; the second third is melodic and up tempo. The last third is in two parts; the first becomes increasing frantic and adds barely audible growling vocals. The final part slowly winds down the pace and dissipates. I really enjoyed this until the growling started.21 - On the Eclipse [deleted] ...Unexpected surprise! This starts off musically titillating, with a beautiful melody. Then the &#34;Satanic&#34; growling starts, creating a juxtaposition of beauty and the beast. If I could strip out the vocals, this would get a lot of air time from me.The low star rating is only because I couldn't bare to listen to 16 of the tracks. Of the 10 I did listen to, I only kept 5. If you like the dark side of music and have a fondness for metal, you'll probably like everything I deleted.
Mostly really mediocre music, lots of it is really bad quality recordings. I only kept like two songs off the album.
Although I appreciate that there is free Christmas music available for the kindle I find it to be boring. There isn't much of a selection.
I'd call this the MUZAK of christmas albums.  Soft background, not really exciting, kind of lame.  Won't be listening to it much, and might even delete it entirely.  I love me some good Christmas music, but this isn't what I'm looking for.
Not a fan of jazz; too much like muzak. Hopefully someone else will like it.  Christmas blessings to all.  Amen
It was okay In my head thought the music was gonna be more upbeat and didn't know I had to download  the Amazon Cloud Player I have enough things on my computer that I didn't need more - probably wouldn't do this again
She has a very catch voice....BUT she is just talking outta her head in most of the songs. Wish she had some solid lyrics
It was hard to understand what she was singing. And I listened to it 3 times and still could only pick out a few words. And I listen to all kinds of music from classical to rap.
amazon.com won't let me download it unless I also download and install THEIR music player.Why do I need yet another music player?  It's an .mp3 file and I already have 3 or 4 applications on my desktop that play .mp3 files.  What does this one do that none of the other don't?
Not my cup of coffee.
Managed to pick it up for free. It was okay but not my style. Sorry. Saw that the words came from George Takei's mother during the Japanese internment. That was emotional
I was so excited to download this. I've been championing this musical and looking forward to seeing it on Broadway. I think the message is important and I WAS confident in the music...until I listened to this song.Look, it's not bad. But honestly, when I listened to it, I thought to myself, &#34;Oh no, I really hope the whole musical doesn't sound like this.&#34;It breaks my heart to write this! I'm a fan of George Takei and came to this download from a link on his FB page.But the song has rather awkward-sounding phrasing, a repetitive and boring melody, and I did not get any sense of emotion from it at all. The singers are trying, don't get me wrong. I think it's the song writer's fault, not theirs.But still, I found it disappointing. Hopefully the rest of the musical will live up to my hopes -- and possibly, with the right staging, this song will fit in well and sound good. Staging can do a lot.