I think some will really like this collection. But it's definitely not true R&B in the classic sense. I think it's OK but nothing to send fireworks up over. Listen to the sample tracks; you'll see what I mean. I still appreciate the opportunity to sample different types of stuff and Amazon's willingness to put it out there ! Happy New Year everybody ! A.
This is a solid album. Light on vocals. Fairly uniform in sound.Nice background music, not likely to be your new favorite.
Grinding, punishing, mechanical and massive, get the puck out of the way. This is slow driving power burst of electronics, percussion and bass. You might want to check and see if the screws have come out of your speakers after playing this one. You might also want to make sure your doors are locked so the neighbors pitchforks don't get to you.This is uncompromising music. Brutal yet beautiful at points. And modern to the core. Slow gnarly pieces of music that pulverize you but still manage to leave air in your lungs.This album flows like city traffic. Start. Stop. Start. Over and over again, as one Tiger pulls and one Tiger pushes.  Then they spin and you wonder how they did that? Amid the mayhem you get patches of smooth sounds. But mostly it is beat. Beat. Beat. Beat. Constant beats are being thrown at you without any let up. I suppose you could dance to this. Or grind to it, like Tigers on a battle field. It might be good for inner city driving, where the horizon is never farther than the next stoplight. In that case, make sure you have your windows up, as nearby automobiles will despise you."Where the hell is that noise coming from, Martha!""Hang on Norman, let me get my glasses!"3.5 starsWarning: May be too intense for younger listeners
This one just does not have the fourth dimensional aspects of earlier CD.I can not say it any better It was more primitive than phuture.Do not get me wrong. I would reach to play this CD a lot more than others.
This had some nice music and was good for someone who doesn't get out to listen to a lot of new music, but I definitely wasn't blown away.
I listen to this at night and put an ear bud in by belly button so my unborn baby can hear too but man a few of the songs on here just really SUX!!! They sound like someone banging on a piano my 4yr old cousin could play better classical music!!
Track #9 is really The Waltz of the Flowers from The Nutcracker Ballet.  I don't think the artist is correct, either.  It sounds like the London Symphony Orchestra to me.
Not as full of selections that I would choose seperately but okay for background music while doing other liesure activities.
Not the best orchestra I've ever heard,selections were not outstanding. Good for falling asleep to.No memorable pieces that  would entice you to hear more.
While the tracks are primarily relaxing, I found some of the musical elements to sound computer generated. An excellent mix if all you need is quiet music in the background for meditation, but if you're actually trying to relax some of the tracks can be a tad jarring.
This CD has some pretty decent meditation music on here.  However it'sjust a sampler so don't get this thinking that you will be able to meditate to it.
Wish I could have played a sample of this before purchasing - it's not my idea of meditation or relaxation music.
It was relaxing after a tension filled work day and I was tired of my old recordings.  The only thing missing was the massage.
It's good too bad I can't have it downloaded into my music. On my iPhone I have to log on to here. I didn't realize that.
I like various styles of ambient music, but this is pretty lame in my opinion.  Granted, I'm listening to this at my desk at work and not chilling out at the house.  Musically, the guitars and flutes just sound like they are noodling around.  For a free sampler I'd say go ahead and give it a shot.  It's also probably fine if it's purely background music, it's just not interesting enough to me for my usual ambient music listening.  I gave it an extra star since it's free and because I'm not actually trying to meditate with it.
It is what it is.  If you're having trouble falling asleep or you just want some background music it does it job but it borders on Monotonous after a while.
It has a bunch of relaxing sounds to ease you to sleep. There is enough change in types to keep it interesting.
This was downloaded for my wife's benefit. (She's the yoga subscriber.) She says it's okay but she's had better playlists. We can't beat the price though.
It's really hard to complain about free music, and I really appreciate Amazon putting out these kinds of collections.  That said, I can only take so much sitar and pan flute.  But if you enjoy that sort of music and want a bargain, then this collection is definitely for you!
Some of these selections are great, some not so much --- the problem with having a sampler of any kind of music is that everyone's taste is different & someone else might love or dislike different tracks than do I.  The fact that it was free is very generous of AMAZON & I appreciate it --- gives me an idea of what to select if I wanted to pay for the music.
`I listened to the music a few times and it was pleasant enough.I have other meditation music that I prefer by Jeffrey Thompson however.
It wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  It's not bad , it just wasn't what I wanted.  I had something else in mind
Pretty mellow stuff. I got it to listen to & relax on a long plane fight, so it worked out well for that.
Some of these tracks are very HEAVY on the 'nature' sounds.  It doesn't always sound 'natural'.  But it's okay... for what it is.
This is very disapointing,  I have not received many downloads on my kindle that I have paid for and for free ones. This is frustrating. A tip would be to please send the ones I have not received. I have purchased many and have gotten free ones; but I would also like the others I ordered also
It is good if you wanted generic music, because I did not recognize any of the music selections.  Still good for the price.
I listened to this for a bit, then just couldn't get into the mood.  I've got some other relaxation vids and cds that I like better.
it's a really likable mellow sound that doesn't interrupt whatever you are concentrating on. nothing else to say but more words were required, so...
It's good as background music. I personally love the sound of the flute. Other than that, there is not much to note. It's not the most original album.
Get this music if you want to add extra noise to your daily meditation rituals. The music is somewhat soothing and is ideal for people who don't want silence during meditation.
I found the Relaxation and Meditation sampler to be somewhat out of my range of music choices, but was delighted with some of the international pieces included.  The assortment of artists and styles should appeal to any one into yoga, meditation and  holistics.  It's a great collection and should be a part of everyone's playlist.  Thank You Amazon.
Downloading this sampler has inspired me to find like music. I enjoy listening to it. It's easy on the ears while multi-tasking and doesn't overwhelm the atmosphere.
My rating means I feel neutral about this. I listen to this while I clean the apartment or while doing computer work but I don't this it was too great of music.
This is good for background relaxation music.  For the price, .99, it was worth a try, not disappointed at all.
It is not what I was looking for.  I wanted something more Eastern.  Didn't take me deep enough.  Wanted to sleep instead of Meditate.
This album does not compare to older, far superior Four Tet albums, it feels unfinished and all the songs don't really go anywhere. I almost wonder if they made this for DJ's to mix other stuff over... I still enjoy the minimal &#34;basic&#34; tracks, but only as background when I'm doing other stuff - nothing to listen to too closely.
Not as good as the other two albums they have. I like two or three songs on this one... but the other two albums I love every single song!! Sooo
As a sampler it is not to bad. No really known performers. There is a good selection of songs. Next time I will look for a sample of a particular artist.
Very old, classic jazz from the twenties...just a little before my time! However, I'd listen to it when I go to New Orleans for Mardi Gras.
Nothing too exciting here.  Just your usual background music.  Good variety of insturments but could use a little more pop.
I downloaded this freebie and was surprised that the music was not bad. Hey, I guess, not everything for free should be considered junk.
VERY NICE MIX OF SONGS.VERY RELAXING  AND SMOOTH CD. HAD NICE BEATS. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS CD IT HAS  A NICE FEEL AND FLOWED SMOOTHLY.
This was an OK CD. Nothing poor and nothing exceptional. If you can get it for free or only a couple of bucks, it is worthwhile. Otherwise, I would pass.
Like the instrumental part not her singing a couple of songsfamiliar music to all llisteners.  It was free.............worth it.
While there are a few gems, this compilation is mostly elevator or smancy restaurant music.  But hey, it's free!  What could you lose by downloading?
Great for listening, but nothing groundbreaking here.  Just good, honest jazz.  I liked a few of the tracks, but none spoke to me like how great music is supposed to, but all were good enough to allow a thorough play-through without skipping any.  You'll enjoy it if you like jazz, but you probably won't fall head over heels for it.
This is a relaxing cd. Some of the songs are too slow, but I can't complain since it was free
Nice ,it is made me to be happier.I wanted to buy whole club since I loved this song. I always listen to it
Good song but only 244 kbps?  I am not happy with this quality of audio.  It should always be 320 kbps for new music.
Unfortunately this is a bit repetitive and the production/mastering leaves a bit to be desired.  I would love to hear a more carefully mastered Adele song (maybe a whole album) - take it easy on the signal compression please!
This cd was as discribed in the sellers discription.  I haven't decided if I like Adele music. I will listen to it again.
I like the song. I like the music. But somehow this music got separated from the rest of the mood music from the SKYFALL movie.Better ratings, Hollywood, and better ratings, Record Company, after you stop pulling stunts like this!
Great for 007 but not for the radio.  I love Adele and anything she sings.  This is a great soundtrack for the movie but not so good for easy listening.
I'm an Adele addict/freak. I saw her live after her first album came out and new instantly she was the best thing since sliced bread. Nice to see how people came on board in the last year or so with her second offering, Adele 21. So people DO have good taste. Who would have thought? Her climb to fame pleases me more than you know, let there be no doubt. I'm far from being your typical greedy Republican be-atch.I was expecting/hoping for a spectacular Bond song. Spectacular it is not. There I said it. It's good and passes the Bond test...just not spectacular.As I say this, though, I should offer this rebuttal. I was singing Skyfall in the shower tonight. My two dogs were more enthralled and more riveted than they have ever been watching me shower. So what do I know?
This is not a bad cd  but give it a listen its nice to have something different to listen too during the Xmas season besides the same old. Tunes
This had some good samples for free. I like listening to various artists during Christmas time to get a break from more famous artists that replay nonstop on the radio.
Always enjoy an opportunity to listen to Christmas music that adds to the spirit and joy of the Christmas season.
It's basicly nice background music.Reminds me of music playing at the high end retailers during the holidays. Would work well at holiday get togethers where people are conversing and don't want singing to contend with.
i &#34;bought&#34; it because it was free. the music is of good quality (obviously). i didn't really listen to it now that i think of it...
Was hoping for something with a broader range.  If you like that genre, it's wonderful.  And at this price (free), who can quibble?
Nothing different than the regular old Christmas songs.  Well produced and the songs are calming, but if you are looking for different, it isn't for you.
I like the instrumentals but not the vocals; don't like scat in Christmas music.  I like traditional Christmas music; color me old-fashioned.
This album was free so I downloaded it.  I was in the mood for christmas music.  It was ok not really my favorite versions but good enough
Not really what I expected from this download, but then as a &#34;sampler&#34; its is probably meant to be a &#34;teaser&#34; to buy other CD's in this genre.
Not quite what I expected.  Not the classics I was expecting - all are done with a twist.  Which is fine if that's what you like.
Not quite what I expected, but okay. Some of the songs are far from traditional sounding, but still a nice offering for a free album.
For those that like traditional Christmas music, I would highly suggest this Christmas Music sampler! It was not my favorite, but still pretty good!
I never got that. I can't say anything because I never downloaded the CD. I am done with this survey now.
THIS WAS MY FIRST USE OF MUSIC ON MY KINDLE.  IT IS FINE BUT NOT EXCITING MUSIC LIKE MANHEIMER STEAMROLLER, OR SOME OTHER ALBUMS I HAVE.
Free is always a very good price and this is certainly something different to add to our Holiday Music collection.
Maybe I'm just into more traditional mixed with modern Christmas tunes, but there was something about this sampler that just wasn't my thing. For the price, you can't ask for a better. It was a great mix of jazzy tunes, but if you are looking for something more upbeat or entertaining, you might want to choose something else.
I liked it. Anyone can enjoy. Just a nice app for my kindle. It added a sweet touch to Christmas time.
Mellow for the most part. Amazon was offering this for free so I picked it up. Fits well into a jazzy relaxing christmas mix.
This is an enjoyable version of holiday music to add to your collection. The musicians are very good and arrangements are interesting.
I was kind of excited when i saw this was free Christmas music and snapped it up. It is worth it because it is free, but i was pretty unimpressed
It was fine for a free download. Don't think it will be a annual favorite. Free Christmas music is always welcome.
Ehhh...not bad, but not great.  It was a free download so no real complaints.  It's a compilation of modern Christmas music, so if you want that Nat King Cole etc. versions of Christmas music, then this isn't it.  It is what it is, enough to get you into the holiday spirit.
Downloaded primarily to test out the new Kindle Fire.  Thought it would contain more of the traditional songs.  But, hey, the price was right.
A nice sample of Christmas music at the right price.  It wasn't great, but a nice change of pace from the usual Christmas songs and artists.
I like this christmas song and all the christmas song in this one.Enjoy this christmas song with your family throw out the holiday.I hope you can enjoy and your family.
The instrumentals in this sampler are pretty good once the non-Christmas ones are deleted since, after all, Christmas (with a capital 'C') is all about the birth of Jesus, not Satan Claus or anything like that.
This was just a sampler to see if i liked the music..  not my type but my mother loves it.  so she listens.
A collection of instrumental holiday classics, would be fine for background music during appetizers before dinner. Reminds me of background music for office dinner parties or my dr's office. I don't recommend this for a childs party or pleasure as I'm sure it wouldn't suit there style, but then again I have yet to hear a head banging Christmas song. Can't complain for free, but I'm sure many will. Thank you.
It's okay if you just want something &#34;Christmas-y&#34; playing in the background.. but it does give your house the ambiance of a shopping mall during the holidays!
Just a sweet taste of the treasury in the album of tested holiday classics collection that is this feast of joy.
A set of quiet (primarily) instrumental Christmas music. Not first-rate stuff, but well worth keeping in the rotation. My personal favorite is the smooth jazz &#34;Up on the Housetop.&#34;
A nice jazzy take on traditional Christmas tunes, plus one or two songs I'd never heard before. It was a nice album thst I've reccommended to several people.
its a nice calm holiday album that can excel playing in the background of your home while your baking or doing things around the house. However I really do wish it was not solely an instrumental and there were more people singing on the tracks. great nonetheless for a free item :)
only three songs is not a sampler to try it out.  I will say that the Green Hill Christmas Sampler is REALLY GREAT.  Nice variety, and gave me a feel for several artists and have picked up some of t here albums since listening to it.  This one was a disappointment and I deleted it from my library.
Good music for relaxing. I wanted  something  with words but this very nice for  Music alone. Great to go to sleep by.
The selections are enjoyable but they do not stand out among the many versions I have heard of these songs.
A nice selection of Christmas music very nicely arranged and performed, but I failed to detect anything particularly celtic about it.
It was a good song to listen to for free. I enjoy listening to various singers when it comes to Christmas music so this gave a good variety to famous artists.
Christmas Masterpieces is wonderful just wish I could play Christmas music year round.  I don't understand it but some people don't like lots of Christmas music.
Only like 2 of the 4 songs one was in Latin or something. Ok for a free download. Definateley dont pay for these
It said &#34; Must-Have ....&#34; But actually you don't have to had it because there's nothing special inside this album.
These songs are from the 1920'sup to probably the 60's.It's nice to hear the old classics, so I don't complain to much!
Downloaded for free so I could get more Christmas music on my iPod. I think it gave me like 5 songs (can't remember, since it was awhile ago). Some of them were good, others weren't my taste, but it was free so what the heck? Not bad overall. :)
A lot of mass music. Not really my taste but it was free so I took the chance. Glad I didn't pay for it
Very nice Christmas music.  We listened to it in the morning and everyone was happy with the music.  Would get it again.
It was ok, the quality of sound was great, it just wasn't the type of Christmas music I was hoping for.  I wish there was a way to hear a preview before purchasing
Only has five songs but the sound quality is not bad. The songs that it do have are classics and all favorites during Christmas time.
NOT AS GOOD AS EXPECTED, I HAVE TO SAY THAT IT IS NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT, SOME NICE MUSIC BUT....
Got a link from amazon offering this for free....not bad is just four songs... Come on Amazon stop being so cheap...should have given the full album..could have been Christmas in May...instead of just four songs can anyone say Grinch at Amazon..BAHH HUMBUG lol
I ordered this by mistake but I still like the christmas songs that are on it. I thought they were sang very nicely
The song can barely be heard, the music is so faint.  Jingle Bells is the best on the entire masterpiece.
Review title says it all.  Was expecting a better quality but then again, it was free so I'm not out anything except time trying to find a decent track.
It is good music. I would download it again. Nothing to write home about. It is just Christmas music after all
Are these songs free or 99 cents each? I listened to the previews of each song and liked what I heard from them!
I wanted traditional songs in a non-classical format.  Sound is very nice but not what I was looking for. Was free so that was very nice.
Obviously only listen to this during the season because it's only one time a year that it fits.  I don't really listen to Christmas music except them.
I've enjoyed listening to some of the songs. I might let some friends know of this music they may or may not like it.
Good sounds but not many of them, Easy to download, I just wanted some Christmas music and this helped fill the bill.  Not something to listen to forever though.
Only four songs - Jingle Bells,  a long version from the Nutcracker.  Liked it but wished it had more to it even if free.
THERE OK SONGS  THERE NOT THE SONGS WE KNOW AND LOVE AS FAVORITES  BUT THERE NICE  I DIDN'T KEEP THEM I DELETED THEM  BUT FREE IS ALWAYS NICE AND I AM SURE IF I LOOKED I WLD HAD FOUND WHAT I WANTED
I have heard a few of these &#34;elevator music&#34; selections before, it's nice to have them all in one collection.
I used several other samples for the holidays. I'm sure under some circumstances this would be used by me & my family.
It would be good background music to use during a party. It isn't something you are going to sing along to,
I was hoping for more Christmas Songs. The &#34;Gloria&#34; was not the masterpiece I know.  Otherwise the songs were all beautiful, just not enough.
Its free, its seasonal, its okay. Nice to listen too around the holidays but really don't need it year round. There are a couple great music selections and sound quality is very good.
It is okay but it is very obvious that it shoots to target anyone (!!!, which made me feel less ...special : )  I would clarify a little: too many different styles/genres for only 4 pieces of music; every piece/song had a very distinctly unique feel.I had to "change gears" for each one of the four, which was neither relaxing, nor peaceful.
Its free so what can I say? There was a song on here that I wanted to use and it worked well.
It was great for the Christmas season. the songs I listened to were great. will listen again next year. Try it, you will like it.
I ordered this because I like classical music, I like Christmas music, and it was free. The only thing I didn't like about it was that it was only 4 songs.Now, I don't want to sound ungrateful. It's free, after all. But it just feels a bit strange to have a four-song album on my player. And if you want to play it for any length of time it's going to repeat and repeat. I would have much rather had a 12-song album cost a few dollars than to have this one. Just my opinion! The quality of the music is fine.
excellent Christmas music. I can sooth one's spirit during this hectic Christmas season of the years. Just listen and enjoy.
I can't really give a review on this product as I had downloaded but never listened to it so I have no way of honestly knowing how well it performs
I love Christmas but this is a style of music you must appreciate to like it. It is symphonic and Operatic.... While I do like some of this style, this was not really for me. If I had paid for this I think I would have been ticked off. Definitely not something I would recommend, without suggesting listening to it. Since I got it as a free promo it really is no big deal, but I can see myself deleting it so it does not waste space on my cloud storage. Just because it is free does not mean it is for me. LOL
OK--nothing over the moon. It is a nice variety--children's, Gregorian chant style, ballet from The Nutcacker, and religious with Oh, Holy Night.
But hey that was my fault not Amazons. Hey a few free songs anyway. So how really can I complain.
It was free and consequently I did not have too high expectations.  It was okay and I enjoyed listening for the first time.  Not sure it will ever make my favorites list.
It's okay, not what I would listen to it every day during the Christmas season.  It seems rather slow place...
I got it for free, so I guess my objections aren't too much. Some good music from bands I never listen to or have not yet heard of. Some of it, as expected, is just sub par, and some is really pretty good.Nothing groundbreaking like Cloudkicker, Mouth of the Architect, or Isis, but a valiant effort.
Nothing Remains Forever Yet The Future Still Holds Hope by Goonies Never Say Die was the only song on this sampler that I really enjoyed. Pretty nice instrumental that sounds sort of like an out-of-wedlock lovechild between Tool & Opeth.
As yet I haven't listened to the entire album but the music is pretty good and I may upgrade a star when I'm completely done listening to it...
This is a good representation of the genre. And for free, it was at the perfect price point for me.
It is pretty much piano. Nothing special or New Age sounding about it. It was ok. I prob won't keep it on my mp3.
Don't look @ the album title & think about something so special but what are you expect from a free album ?
A free download that really wasn't anything special. The quality was good but to me, the music itself just seemed to lack soul and feeling.
It was free which is why I picked it.  Half of the selections were piano only and I deleled those.  The ones remaining were excellent with nice soft instrumentations which are my preference.
Daughter needed some background music for an office she was working in. got this for free and she's pretty happy. customers are less irate and more congenial.
Not the best new age music that I've heard, but it does the job.Tends to be kind of generic sounding.
Easy listening music but really just okay, would not buy or at least would not pay much for this.  Most are not my favorite New Age artists.
First off...this product is free...so why wouldn't you download it?  What's there to lose?  However, the songs are pretty corny even for someone looking for some vanilla instrumental music to relax to.
About average for an album:  50% songs I liked, 50% not so much.  It depends on your taste in music
The only reason I downloaded this was because it was free. Overall, it's okay...I tried using it to take a nap, but some of the songs are more upbeat than others.
Ok for a free download.  Would probably not have purchased it for myself.  It is quiet music though for just relaxing.
The picture pulled me in on this album. The sound is good, but sometimes it looses content and leaves you  a little unnerved. That is not good for a RELAXING COLLECTION. Most fo the music is very good but when a bad cut jumps in, you will fell it right now and that could wreck your mood.
I downloaded this mainly for the 'relaxing' part. Some of the choices are rather jarring, many of them just what I was looking for, but it's not very relaxing when suddenly a cut opens with loud applause - and it didn't even seem to be a live cut. I'm mystified - but not relaxed.
I would not consider this to be new age anything. This is simply New mellow music. But I do enjoy the tracks. Most of them are done well and they are Quite relaxing.
Having recently went to the Klautu outer planets, I'd say that this music might be relaxing, but there are bands in the zimbway genre on Klautu 5 that can play weaponized relaxing music. Whole entire cities have been laid to bed by their music when they play it.So, while relaxing, it is not quite the most relaxing music in the Universe. I can't speak for alternate dimensions, but for this Universe Klautu 5 holds some contenders.
This is a collection to play in the background, which is what you expect with a new age offering.  Pleasant but not memorable...
a cross between nice and muzak. i don't know if i'll listen to it again, or keep it in my library.
Although some of this is wonderful, there are a couple of songs that actually woke me up while sleeping to it. The drum aspects can be a little much for relaxing music!
New age music is usually yawn inducing; no different with these tunes. I do appreciate Amazon offering music for free, always interested in new stuff.
I was looking for a few classical pieces to add to my collection since I have not added the external HD and CDs to my computer to put on my phone or tablet, free works well!
There's nothing new in this album because I don't hear anything new by listening to this album but.... It's free anyway.
I wish I could put the music on a timer and the computer couls go to sleep. I like being able to put the relaxing sounds on a low volume and go to sleep. It is relaxing.
A little boring some of the music but no big complains was free so keep this prmotions coming some will be very nice
Contrary to its title, this collection misses the mark a bit.  While the standard "relaxation" fare is present (Albinoni's Adagio, Bach's Air on a G String), as well as a few surprises (Holst's "Venus" from The Planets), there are far too many sprightly, light piano pieces to qualify this as a set of serenity.  Try instead Winter Dreams in the Nightmoods series -- mostly Tchaikovsky, Grieg, and Sibelius, but way more consistent in mood.
playing is okay, nothing fancy, but indeed is relaxing to listen to.  get away from the crazy pop music scene.
Good relaxing music.  Purchased it for a free download and I can't complain for that price. I doubt I would have bought it if not for free.
Had to download it - it was free!  I'm a bit picky about my classical music and so only found about 3 of the tracks to be worth keeping in my library.  But they are beautifully done and you may well find more than that you enjoy.
30 too relaxing records in a row is too much for listening, consider using shuffle. otherwise is too boring to my taste
If I listened to classical music more, I'd probably have kept the entire track list. As it is, I occasionally listen to works on npr or such but that's all. I ended up going back through the playlist and deleting about half of the tracks, but I kept the works I was familiar with already (Moonlight Sonata for example). I don't have a top of the line sound system, but the collection's sound quality was excellant. Some of the tracks start out with very low volume so I might have missed some of that. The tracks that I did keep are enjoyable to listen too and as the collection was free I didn't mind losing a few.
Not quite the most relaxing music in the world but a nice easy to listen to CD.  It is a nice collection.  If you like classical music, you will likely enjoy this one.
After listening it for a few times there is only 1 song out of the whole album that I like,maybe it's just me.
Has some classics that are always good. While the performances won't blow you away, they are played well and sound good.
Lots of songs. Got this item free. I was unable to listen to all of them, but the few that I did were okay.
After seeing them live. These tracks are ok. I give rave 4 maybe 5 then trouble a solid 4. Overall the album is ok and a descent buy.
interesting choice of music, not something I would get if I had to pay for it, because I already had versions of the songs, which I enjoy much more.
I am half Irish...thought I might have a natural liking for this...just is not happenning! maybe great for this type of music. Musicians seem talented.
I really like the music itself, but there must be something wrong with the mp3 files, because at least 3 tracks suddenly cut out about 10-20 from the end of the track.  I've never had this happen before on Amazon mp3s.  I wondered it that was the reason it was free (you get what you pay for?)But until the songs end jarringly abruptly, they are lovely!
I'm not impressed by the song choices. They are very subtle and quiet melodies. I wouldn't pay the few dollars but I got it when it was a free download.
Chalk it up to our lack of knowledge concerning music but my wife wanted to hear some bagpipe music and we thought that maybe...just maybe there would be some on this album.  Alas...it's Irish and not Scottish music but my Irish grandmother would have loved it!
Overall, the music in this album is mediocre.  A few of the songs are quite enjoyable to those who appreciate Celtic music and the rest fill in the gaps.
good as a sample,would not buy this cd,was had to download separate player....but was easy to do....downloaded easy...don't know if I would recommend this or not
some of the songs were great...but some were at best, so so.....wish I could have listened to the whole album before I bought it
Limited range, pleasant background music. But better than expected at a very good price. Good way to get started in this genre
The music is ok, but it doesn't do a lot for me, and quite frankly I would not recommend it to my friends
The music is good but it is not that authentically Celtic. It is very easy to listen to and great as a freebee
I'm supposed to like Celtic music, and do.  However, there is nothing in this album that moves me  as other albums have.  Sorry.
love this item gave it as a gift to a very special sister-n-law. she is a big fan of celtic music.  i am sure she will enjoy it.
This album makes me want to visit the lands in which the music was original influenced. A great compilation. The only thing missing would be the sadder, more Irish songs.
quiet and nice, though songs that have been done a million times. fill fill fill the space required here lol.
Too much electronic manipulation and additions for me on many of the songs.  Some lean more natural though, hence the 3 stars. Still, I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
&#34;Got What I Paid For&#34;So how can I really complain since I listen to it at least once a week
Free, so it was good. I love Celtic music, have a nice collection. This adds to the collection, however, not all songs are worth keeping.
In all fairness, this is a good album.  I was taken in by the samples/snippets/previews (or whatever) of the music.  Carefully selected sample bits of pure Celtic instrument and song issued forth from my speakers, evoking images of a green and misty homeland, thatched roofs, and the smell of a peat fire.  I downloaded and began the album.Suddenly I was overwhelmed by a full symphony orchestra with a couple of Irish instruments and Celtic rhythm.  The Celtic got lost among the 101 Strings.  It was a little disappointing.  Not to say that it was &#34;bad&#34;, just disappointing.  I'll listen to the tunes from time to time and I will enjoy them.  I was expecting, however, traditional Irish Celtic music and it's not what this is.  I recommend downloading it for yourself (The price is right...free.) and forming your own opinion.  You may find it the best thing since Guinness Stout or can leave it like boiled cabbage.
I did not realize it was a sampler, I thought it was songs.  I do not need a sampler because I have over 200 Irish CD's so I know the music.  For anyone just learning about and trying to decided what music to but it would be perfect
There's a little too much voice action for our tastes in this sampler.  We thought it would be instrumentals so the fact that there are voices is not the best for us.  It's good, just not great.
Good. Nice for background music. Soft enough for dinner time.Good enough for party time or good old-fashioned family fun.
I have only a few of this genre and this sampler was good but nothing too special. I'm certainly not an expert in this music type but as an eclectic, I did enjoy this collection.
A number of the traditional songs are quite repeatative with a lot of fiddling! A few are smooth and easy listening.
it is just as described, good free music wide variety of music too I like this type of music Thank you!
ok to listen too...little heavy on the flutes.Can't really drive and think about stuff with this playing.  better for when your in a mood
Do not want to add 20 more words!Er, now twelveNow eightHmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
I loved Audrey Assad's first to CD's. This one is a disappointment. There are a few really good songs - Humble, Good to Me, Lead Kindly Light - but there isn't a lot of content. Out of 11 tracks, one track is instrumental only, the first one is repetitive chanting basically as is Felix Culpa. No uptempo songs at all. Meh.
I know Audrey Assad wanted to change her style up for this album and so she did. While she does any genre of music better than most, this album is not nearly as AMAZING as her first two in my opinion. I'm sure many will appreciate this album but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little disappointed. Many of the songs just feel like typical Christian radio tracks however done by a better vocalist.
I really want to love Audrey Assad's music, I really do. She has a great spirit and her heart for God is obviously in the right place. But after listening through this record four times it became ad nauseam. All the songs are in the same slow tempo and become a 7/11 experience. Seven words repeated eleven times. The words are good words. Sometimes they are GREAT words. There just aren't enough different words to make it work for me. She has co-written songs with other writers, like Matt Maher, and the song are absolute great. (Matt Maher's music never fails to touch me and, to me, doesn't wear out with repeated listening.) Perhaps Audrey needs to find those song writers that she can work with and learn how to fill out her music with a greater range of lyrical diversity.
I think that this is a good album.  I find myself, however, listening more to her 1st and 2nd album more.  I know lots of people have commented on how this album is a &#34;prayer&#34; album and is &#34;finally their type of CCM music&#34; but, I feel like this is more of a step forward for Assad as a person and the music she is moving towards doing.  I know the goal of this music was to write music for corporate worship but I don't feel like it has the clearly defined edge that most corporate worship music has these days.  But, I can see where she is going with it....I'm looking forward to her 4th and 5th album because you can really see the journey she is taking....she just isn't taking me there with her.On a side note, props to her, however, in getting this thing going on Kickstarter!  It really shows her drive and desire to be and do the thing He has planned for her.
This collection is pretty good,  not great.  Not too bad for background noise or ambiance around the holidays.  A little irritating after awhile if you listen too closely.
Nice holiday music that is peaceful and out of the &#34;ordinary&#34; stuff they play on the radio. It is very mellow and I would recommend it. I gave it three stars because I had to delete a couple of songs that I didn't like. But that is the beauty of Amazon cloud, isn't it.
Some good songs on there for me but some just aren't my style but they maybe for you.but it's worth downloading cause some of those samples are to short they don't play the good parts of the songs.
Most of this generous &#34;record&#34;  is what I would call &#34;Scream Rock, &#34;  or &#34;Devil Metal,&#34; which has its place in my vast music collection.  However, hidden among these are gems, little nuggets of esoteric pop, country, and rock.  There is even a song with a Mick Jagger sound-alike that I swear must actually Jagger trying to pull one over on his fans much like Paul McCartney sometimes likes to do.  It is worth a listen.
Some songs are great some are just ok. The best song on here is Red Fang's. But there albums you won't be disappointed.
I have chosen three stars because,some of the bands on the compilation are not good(in my opinion).You can say over the years Relapse Records went down hill.Trust me(Taken from a metal heads point of view),I used to order stuff from Relapse Records until they started signing some crappy bands to their label.Plus,their prices and shipping shot up.But,this was a free download....so I am not complaining.....This is just my opinion and review about this compilation.
Always love her voice and she is amazing to listen to live. Always a pleasure I was just hoping it did not have the background audience.
This free compilation of Green Hill Artists is not as good as some of the earlier free compilations.  It is still has some great tracks and is an excellent introduction to the great artists on this label.  If you haven't locked onto Beegie Adair, Denis Solee, Jack Jezzro and others, download this album.  These are great artists with excellent albums.  This is a great collection of artists in a sampler, not an album mean't to be listened to as a whole.In recommend it strongly as an introduction to excellent artists.Only 3 stars because it does not hang together as coordinated album.
It was a &#34;just fine&#34; freebie. Works good for background music during present opening which is what I wanted it for.
I saved a few of the songs but deleted most of them.  Just not my cup of tea for the most part.  But since it was a free download the day I got it I decided it was worth a try.  Wouldn't pay for any of the songs.
This is OK but some strange songs....just not the typical.  I guess I am more of a traditionalist and some contemporary when it comes to Christmas music.
Good festive music. Maybe a little tame for my tastes but I recommend it esp if you like the classics
Mish-mash of dynamics and styles. Great as a set of individual songs to be placed in separate play lists. This edition of &#34;Every Time it Snows&#34; is much better than commercial release with Jon Secada. Album download worth it for that track alone. Some other pleasant, nondescript stuff as well.
This was a ok Christmas cd collection. The songs aren't original but not too bad. Not a bad cd if your just looking for some Christmas music.
Its ok but just a sample of what you can get if you order the whole thing. Have to play it on your computer/Laptop and not anything else
It is good elevator music! They are not bad to listen to while working on projects or surfing the net.
had hard time downloading it in the 'cloud' it kept stopping. had rather just put it on my own media.
There are some nice songs on here for Christmas but i wouldn't go out of my way to pay for this. Good thing it was free.
I like some songs but not others on this CD ... but hey, for free, it's a good deal - you can erase the ones you don't care for.
Some of the arrangements are too sleepy, and Green Hill generally is putting out too much music that all sounds alike.  That said, the price is right and it's nice background music.
I was just looking for some generic Christmas music.  I did't realize these were only music with no lyrics.  Not terrible.  Just nothing special.
Most of the music was bland and had no singing. The little bit of singing it did have wasn't all that great. I did like the instrumental version of Auld Lang Syne on the album though.
If you like Christmas music this will leave you wanting more,it's a sweet taste of whats to come on the album.
Effortlessly smooth and adult.  I appreciate the contrast between Jhene's sugary vocal delivery and her raw content. I look forward to her full length album but will definitely enjoy this until....
There is a wide range of musical genres found on this album.  Some of the holiday songs here are quite nice, while Christmas rap is not so nice.  Still you should find at least half of the album enjoyable enough to add to your holiday playlist.
I only downloaded this because 1) I support George Takei, and 2) it was free.  It's well done, but it sounds like the soundtrack to a Disney princess movie.
I prefer songs that make you move but for this piece, it is a very fitting song.  I bought it on George's recommendation and I don't regret it.  Sometimes we need to slow down, think and remember.
Ms Salonga's voice is impeccable as always but the song was trite. The rhyme scheme was simple and too predictable. To be fair,  this the only song I have heard from the musical. It may fit well when heard as a whole body.
nice sounds
Not what I expected. Not really into it. I am sure those that are into this kind of music will enjoy it.
It's not exactly my taste in music but it was free, which is why I chose to download it. But because not my taste in music, only 3 stars.
Tony Award Winner Lea Salonga (Miss Saigon, Les Miz) and Broadway&#8217;s Telly Leung (Glee, Rent, Flower Drum Song) perform a duet version of Gaman, from the upcoming Broadway musical, Allegiance. &#8221;Gaman&#8221; means &#8220;to perservere with dignity and fortitude&#8221; and was a common phrase and sentiment during the internment years. This performance &#8211; held at a private event, in Honolulu, HI, in September 2010, was arranged as a duet; in the current version ofthe song, the entire ensemble sings.&#8220;Gaman&#8221; was used as the theme by George Takei as he led international efforts to raise awareness and emergency relief funds for Japan.  Here are links to his personal plea for donations as well as his CNN interview on the quake, tsunami and the spirit of Gaman.
My husband purchased one song from this album. It was a free download. He says it was okay- not much more than that.
I felt like it was a moving song about a time in history that I hope was different than the world we live in today.
I love Ninja Sex Party, the songs are fun and Danny's singing is great. however Starbomb is a Rap Album.  If you are looking for Ninja Sex Party style song avoid this. I do enjoy a few of the songs, CrasherVania is the best of the album.
Musically the album was exactly what I expected, and I'm not disappointed. Although I feel like for $9 the album should be a little longer.
What I Got:StarbombWhat I Expected:Danny Sexbang and Egoraptor singing songs that parody videogamesWhat I Got:2-3 minute increments of Egoraptor rapping about dicks, followed by Danny also singing about dicks.
Arin's rapping detracts from this album. He's pretty much just talking to a beat while using his &#34;serious&#34; voice.  He also seems to do a lot more singing than Dan, which is stupid because Dan is the only reason to buy the album. I would recommend buying Ninja Sex party's albums instead of this one.
The short pieces of the songs that are played during the show invoke a lot more emotion than listening to these specific songs by themselves.  I find a few of them actually annoying in their entirety...
If you're interested in a few fantastic songs amidst some so-so ones, this is a good deal, as the great ones are available only with the entire download. If you put your favorites in a mix, like I do, it's easy to de-select the songs you don't listen to as often. Even if playing your whole library on shuffle, on the iPad or in the Cloud, the so-so songs are not distracting enough to make you wish you hadn't purchased the whole album, especially if you are vacuuming :-).
I bought it for the Miguel song really and smiled when I heard Wonderwall and Beck's Blue Moon. It's a good soundtrack for a girls road trip.