At first, I wasn't expecting much outside the usual raunchy rap style rock, although I did enjoy the first two albums of the Peppers. This has the tribute song &#34;Under the Bridge&#34; for a late band member, and the rest was surprisingly catchy with some strange, crazy rhythms. This a band I ignored for too long, obviously.
Just found them and love them! Very little lyrics, but they don't need it.  This music tells stories that don't need words.
I agree with a few of the complaints from the person who gave this 2 stars, but I think rating this album so low is way too harsh.  Some people are far too picky and hard to please.  With that said, it's not perfect but all in all this record is one of those joints that kinda creeps up on you and once it does, you'll be hooked.  I don't know if any one's going to be dancing to this music, but it's awesome for lounging around or even just driving around aimlessly to.  I've been loosely following these guys for about a year and I had something else in mind for how I wanted this to sound the 1st few spins, but like I said, it grows on you and once it does you'll be glad you held on.  Not a classic disc or anything, but nothing short of 4 stars.  Check out: Animus Vox, Fistful of Silence, Between Two Points, and We Swarm.
I bought this album to use at a convention and it went over really well great music to get a crowd going and fun to listen too.
This is one of those albums that you can turn on and listen while getting some things out of the way while working on a computer. It's slightly more laid back than I usually listen to, but the innate vibes and beats from the songs still grab you and make you want to listen. You can't help, at times, but sit there (or stand) and move to the beat.All in all - A great album if not a little different than I usually prefer.
Awesome sounds to drive to, chill to, relax to, zone out to and more. When I don't feel like hearing a lot of words, this is my new go to CD
This is one of my favorites by The Glitch Mob.  It reminds me of Hybrid which I really enjoy too.
The Glitch Mob, formed in 2006, is a Los Angeles-based electronic music trio known for powerful live performances using MIDI controllers and laptops. Made up of Justin Boreta, Josh Mayer, and Ed Ma, The Glitch Mob has gained a following on the West Coast and has been a notable performer at various music festivals across the globe. After putting out a series of mixtapes and remixes in the past few years, The Glitch Mob released their first full-length album, titled "Drink the Sea", in 2010. This album proves to be a slight deviation from the sound that The Glitch Mob has become known for, but listening is an endearing and intense experience nonetheless.The tracks on "Drink the Sea" are characterized by a moderately slow tempo that, for most of the songs, is not quite quick enough to dance to, but does tend to move along. As a whole, the album is full of dense bass-lines, heavy drum hits, and riveting breakdowns. The Glitch Mob is able to produce thick soundscapes punctuated by driving drumbeats. The sum total of this is a quality album with solid replay value. The best way to listen to this is while driving or reading, as it is upbeat enough to keep you energized but the overall lack of vocals lends itself to becoming background music."Drink the Sea" begins with "Animus Vox", a memorable and drum-heavy track loaded with intriguing synth melodies. The album then moves on to "Bad Wings", which features a more relaxed style than the first track with similarly notable melodies. The next song is "How to be Eaten by a Woman" which, as with many songs on this album, sounds nearly identical to "Animus Vox". Other songs of note include "Between Two Points", "Drive it like you Stole it", and "Fortune Days". These tracks feature similar driving drumbeats with great synth melodies that tend to envelope the listener in sound.Overall, "Drink the Sea" proves to be an entertaining an enjoyable album with a solid amount of replay value. This album will definitely be best enjoyed by those who like electronic music and who like to listen to music at very high volumes. The melodies and drums are intense but not overwhelming, making listening exciting and relaxing at the same moment. Per The Glitch Mob's typical style, vocals do not play a significant role in this album and the tracks tend to sound very similar. For those reasons, this album is awesome for passive listening, but at times struggles to keep your attention on its own.
I saw glitch mob videos on HDNET a few times and thought in a club this would be pretty cool. I got this and played it in my Jeep loud and it worked. Then I carried it into the gym and it worked there too.This complilation of songs works well as ambient or driving beat with quirky twists and turns that you can sometimes anticipate and other time surprises you and makes you smile.get this if your looking for musics that works. If you don't understand what music that works means then get it anyway and take a few minutes to learn something new.
Pretty good album. My only problem with it is that I think it gets repetitive at times. Still, it does the job.
Great album as a whole or just to listen to individual songs. Proof that electronic music isn't just the same generic beat and some random noises
industrial sounds..good beats..I've caught them on Pandora and dig the whole album. If you like a little beat driven, fuzzy electronica then pick it up.
At long last, music, your savior has arrived. In a time where everything with a weak unimaginative and lifeless beat can be passed off as music here comes Turquoise Jeep Records with their debut album "Keep The Jeep Riding" to inject LIFE into the industry. A genre smashing blend of all things win that will for sure have heads turning and ears melting. Is this manna from heaven? Perhaps not, but its damn near close.The group is filled with what can only be described as a "who's who?" of all stars of the hip-hop and R&B; game. Flint Flossy starts off the mega group collection of artists. F. Flossy is a rapper with lyrics as mean and quick as his knock-out fist. When he drops a rhyme he drops it hard, so that when he spits fire it is as if Aesop himself was spinning a tale. Whatchyamacallit, a rapper/R&B; artist who may share his name with the eponymous candy bar but fair warning, his sweet lyrics and smooth talk will easily steal your girl from under your eyes. If pure R&B; is your flavor then Pretty Raheem will light up your taste buds. An R&B; talent with a voice and dance repertoire as smooth as his lip gloss shined lips. Slick Mahony is the rookie of the group but don't get it twisted, for this rookie has all the five tools. His debut single "Sex Syrup" was a mega-smash hit which immediately showcased Slick Mahony as a force to be reckoned with who is not only Slick by name, but also by game. Rounding off the crew is an artist who needs no introduction, yet will give it to you each and every single time, much like a powerful wolf marking his territory. When you hear a song that has the line "mmmmmmm Yung Humma" then you know that your in for a real treat. Yung Humma brings passion to every line he delivers and you know when he's saying something he ain't playing with you, especially if your a girl. One of the best treats in this album is heard while listening to "Sex Syrup". In the track Yung Humma announces his triumphant return with the smooth line "mmmmmmm Yung Humma's back". Where exactly Yung Humma was, the world may never know. Perhaps he was meditating with the Dalai Lama, maybe some things are better left unknown, but it was great to hear that he returned from his sabbatical to drop rhymes on Slick Mahony's track and end early retirement.All in all this is a great debut album. A veritable tour de force that will make any fan happy and any newcomer an instant addict. Hopefully "Keep The Jeep Riding" will not be this group's "Citizen Kane", and they can continue dropping platinum album after platinum album. Anyone that is not a believer will be instantly converted because while this may not be the album the people deserve, it is definitely the album the people need.
This is the best free sampler I have heard in my years of checking them out on amazon. There are at least three or four songs here that have made me curious enough to want to check out more from the artists. The album seems to get better as it goes along. Buick City is just a little to country for my tastses but it is well done if you like that kind of sound. Otherwise I really enjoyed the Deadstring Brothers, Andre Williams and Ben Weaver tracks. Who are these guys and why haven't I heard them before? They really sound good here. If you like the americana sound of the new Decemberists or the sound of The Devil Makes Three I think you will be surprised at how incredibly consistent this collection.
This is really Vlado Perlemuter from a Chopin set which appeared in the mid to late 1980s on Nimbus. The piano is swimming in far too much of that characteristic Nimbus reverb, diverting one's attention away from the music itself. But otherwise, these are nice clean digital recordings and the price likely can't be beat.
This is classic Taiwanese music from the 60's and 70's.  A good selection of Teresa Teng's songs but might make you homesick.
I had never heard of this band until they popped onto a playlist on my Pandora. I heard a few tracks and decided it was time to make the purchase. The record has a nice Sci-Fi fell to it. Kind of a TRON ambiance extended out. Pretty light and good thinking music.
The music itself is awesome, but don't expect anything more than the CD and a list of the songs in a jeweled case.
I'm not going to lie. Given a choice between the two, Sub Conscious is definitely my favorite. However, Kinetik still stands out as one of the best electronic albums in my collection. As others have pointed out, the sounds in Kinetik are bigger and more "in your face" than the smooth roll of Sub Conscious, and Kinetik has a lot less of the tribal/ethnic vibe that runs throughout Sub Conscious. Maybe the best analogy can be found in the names. If Sub Conscious traveled through dreamy mental worlds, Kinetik is always moving. I do hope Phutureprimitive revisits the tribal/electronic fusion that made their first album so amazing, but this album is still one of the top favorites in my collection.
The general flow of this album lies somewhere between DnB and House.  I find it rather enjoyable to put on while I'm working on projects, or to listen to while at work.
This style of music is a new venture for me and I was not disappointed by the choice. Within the CD there are a variety of songs (they don't all sound the same) that have many different dimensions and levels. With a decent speaker system, this CD is at the top of my list. I look forward to their next work!
I remember discovering Phutureprimitive on a college radio station in Austin. It was a late night show that played all kinds of weird music, and I was entranced with the smooth sounds of ambient music.I was happy to see a new album and at first it sounded like it has too much dub step stuff in it. It's fresh, but I was not expecting dub type sounds. Ok, but after listening to the album without switching through songs and scanning about, and just letting it play, the classic well blended aspects of the band came through once again. It's a bit more up beat than early 2000 style albums, who doesn't like the music that came out during that time. It's getting tough to beat that style, although technology is helping clarify the sound and give more precision and diverse sounds. It seems the new car smell is gone, well not for Phutureprimitive, they are hopefully here to stay.....It sounds like Bassnectar after taking a nap when he was good....
I have just gotten into electronica in the last year and a half, and I tell you that this guy is the best electronic DJ I have heard. People sometimes label Phutureprimitive as dubstep, but he actually is a style called psychill, which is more like atmospheric electronica but with more bass.Overall, the album is rich in synths and bass drops, with a kind of a blend of an urban and a tribal feel to most of the songs. DISAPPEAR is the only song that really features any singing, and that singing is pretty strange sounding, but it's good. The songs DO start to sound similar and some of the songs are a bit repetitive, but not to the point of getting boring. Thankfully, he doesn't get into abrasive wobbling like Skrillex or Excision, but he does use a lot of distorted bass.If you like the feel of drum n' bass without the dizzying effects of dubstep but still have music with some oomph to it, purchase this album!I haven't checked out any of his other albums yet but I plan to soon.
Use this album quite frequently now when I need to focus on writing good programming code.  Really helps me &#34;zero&#34; in and achieve flow.
I'm very impressed with the production of this album.  It's a refreshing change from all the crappy dubstep out there.
I like this, but I don't enjoy it quite as much as some of their other work - my favorites are Bem-Vinda Vontade and their self-titled album, though if I recall correctly, they're a little more instrumental/less vocally-oriented than this one.
What's the good thing about music now a days in the digital realm? Indie artists and Indie labels. . There are some good tunes on Bloodshot records. I don't know the history of any of the artists, if they are new or been around playing clubs forever. One song I really like when it comes around on the shuffle is Harlem River Blues by Justin Earle, a funky gospel, blues Mississippi sounding complete with organ (B3?). Another is Sundowner by Eddie Spaghetti, but he sounds nothing like Angela Anaconda's friend. Also check Sinkin Down by Scott Biram  The artists are all doing their own thing and right now the sampler is free so just get it and see what you like. If you like independent artists that come around to your local beach bar dive, you'll have this in heavy rotation maybe.
There are some excellent artists I was already aware of, and those I didn't have been pleasant surprises. There's 3 Bloodshot samplers here on Amazon, all very worthwhile if you're into rootsy independent sort of stuff.
My Grandkids like this --- download was easy and fast ---- depends on what type of music u enjoy -- Grandkids (that r older) liked it
It was free.  It has a good variety of music.  What's not to like.  Download this and listen to some real music.
Free and good what more can I ask for in music that i put in my ear and now I am done
Great Ablum wide range of music great artists  For a free download it is worth it not bad for a free download my favorite genres of music in a variety  it is worth the download
I always like to check out Amazon's free Classical MP3 albums, just to see if we're actually getting a real deal.  In other words, after we've downloaded the album, will it be worth something to us, or will we quickly forget about it?  There's no predicting what the albums will be like; sometimes I dump the tracks in my recycle bin, while other times I hang onto the music, and continue listening to it.  Allegro Classical's Summer Sampler had nothing on it I wanted to listen to more than once.  This sampler is better; most of the tracks I don't care to listen to more than once, but there's one track that I'm going to want to save.  That one is Elgar's "In the Upper Room: Men and Bretheren", performed by the famed Mark Elder.  Here we have wonderful music, and it is given a wonderful performance with good sound quality.  For me, that makes a download of the album worthwhile.  And while Yuri Simonov's version of Waltz of the Flowers from the Nutcracker won't compete with my favorites, it's certainly worth having.  I should add that I'm a self-appointed music critic, which means I'm probably pickier than most listeners who will download the album.  Perhaps some will find more merits in the album than I have.But while you're here, let me recommend the gold standard in all of Amazon's free Classical albums: the Linn Records Classical Sampler.  It's by far the best free sampler I've ever seen on Amazon, as almost all the tracks are ones worth saving.  You've absolutely got to check it out, especially since it probably won't last forever.As to the album being reviewed here: it's not the best free sampler I've seen, but it does have some good music.  And, hey, what harm can be done by downloading it just to see what you think?
I got this as a free download from Amazon.  Can't complain.  I really like classical music and this sampler is a great place to introduce new listeners.
Download happened immediately, the arrangements were all excellent because of the classical selections and because of the artists performing the music.  Thank you
If you are looking for classical samplers with many artists to try this is a nice choice.  A good way to start if you do not know many classical artists and are not sure where to start with your listening.  Works well with my Kindle Fire and Sony Headphones.
Track by track:1. This seems to be a pretty good performance of the two-piano version of the Hungarian Dance #5. The artist is listed as a Trio, but I doubt that there are 3 people playing.2. What is this? Is it from a Disney movie?3. Good performance for a sampler.4. I had not heard this piece before. It's pretty good, but just when it starts getting exciting, the track ends and we are abruptly thrown into the [5.] garden where Tchaikovsky is absentmindedly pruning the rose-bushes.6. Apparently Christmas falls in the Fall this year. That's okay though. I'm just going to delete this track and pretend it wasn't there. It's not that I don't like Christmas music, but I can't listen to this when I have John Rutter and the Cambridge Singers performing the same carol.7. If you've heard Yo-Yo Ma play the Bach Suites, then you will immediately realize that the reverb in this recording is just not up to par. (Probably due to recording techniques more than the hall.) They getKudosfor trying though, and the performance is not bad at all.8. When I saw a Shostakovich Symphony movement on the track list, I was excited. But alack, alas, this is a (2?) piano transcription. It's still okay though.9. This is a decent performance.10. There is a mistake, and this is a duplicate of track 5, not the Shostakovich Trio like it says. Hopefully they will fix that.11. Call me uncultured, but I'm not much of an opera fan, and these antique recordings aren't winning me over either. That said, this is the best opera track from the Allegro Classical samplers so far, in my opinion.I only ended up keeping 1 or 2 tracks from the Summer Sampler, but this one is much better. I think all of these performances are very listenable, so if there are pieces on this album that you don't already own recordings of, you might want to give it a listen.My 4-star rating takes into consideration the price. An example of a 5-star sampler would be theLinn Recordsone, which is also on Amazon.You may also want to look at the new sampler:Allegro Classical Winter 2012 Sampler
Its a good classic mix. If you are a fan of classical music you really can not have too many classical mixes.
Really enjoyed most of the selections but several I was not familiar with and didn't particularly like.  Nice to have this though.
I am not one who knows a little bit about my music.  I just enjoy it.  The normal use is for background when.  This CD is not the best I have heard, but the price was right-one of the freebies.Fi
I downloaded this when it was a free sampler, we have really enjoyed it!  It's great for a relaxing evening or a quiet drive.
Less than atom bomb , but louder than a leaf falling to the floor of the forest.Music must some time move ones soul and not shatter the windows.  Sound can softly stoke  the senses.
I am satisfied with this Music.It is very relaxing. Sometimes calms me down when I ma having a stressful day.I like listening it while I am reading my email or organizing my files on my laptop.
If you already own Early in the Morning, this EP may seem repetitive. However, the live tracks make purchasing this EP worth it for those who love the beauty of James Vincent McMorrow's voice and would like to hear it in a more raw form.Also, his cover of &#34;Higher Love&#34; is quite gorgeous.
I bought this album particularly for &#34;Bonfire&#34; but the other tracks are pretty decent too. I would recommend it to anyone liking dubstep. It is a little loud an in your face, but I like that and if you do too then it's great.
Great cd with lots of energy. For 5$ you. cant get a better deal. I love centipede the most of all.
Center? Pede? ok... Sorry I just can't un-hear center in centipede now....There's still a bon fire though. Glad to see Pendulum is at least 2/5ths active.... (Still love Immersion better though.)
Kinda mainstream dub, you can hear it on pandora and such, very high energy and worth a listen.  Highly recommended.
Great sound, nice beat. If you like any Owl City, you will like this song too. Carly Rae Jespen is a nice addition to the song.
Decent bit of musical work, enjoyed by the wife and kid immensely.  Would buy again.  No complaints at all. Boffins!
wonderfully relaxing~use for yoga class and general background music~like the variety of tracks~thank you for making available for use on my kindle fire
So much Native American flute that I get annoyed. I mean, I know that it is supposed to be relaxing but really? Every single song - at least up to #5 as far as I know. I probably should have listened to more, and I will since I figured out that I can't concentrate with the music in the background while I think about nothing - but it is really cool on the brainflow if I have to think about 'something.' Instead of it being a jumbled mass of what I have to do right now, it comes out more organized like in a mind-list and I can remember the stuff too.  That's just me. No flutes on and empty mind and flutes to flow a full one!
How wonderful of Amazon to offer this free collection of music for relaxation, meditation, massage, spa & yoga. They don't say this but I'll add that it goes especially well with a morning bowl of granola or with sex.I tried out the track "Native American Flute for Newborns" on my dog since he is basically the equivalent of a newborn. Afterward, he looked calmer and more at ease. All of the sudden he was At One with the squirrels.
I use these songs when I go to bed to relax sometimes. They would be good for massage therapy sessions etc.
Relaxing in the sauna - Does not bounce around and keeps you in the mood.Good collection of songs to calm the mind and spirit
I haven't tried meditation to this yet, but it was very nice to relax too after a stressful day.I'll be tring to meditate to some of these soon. Thanks to all the artists and Amazon.
I chose since this was available for free for a while and loved the download, i listen to it everytime i commute to work.
This is a very nice combination of different sounds. I have even had co-workers ask where I got it. Definitely worth &#34;free&#34;
Great music to just have in your mix of music. I listen to it all the time to help me relax
Not as good as I thought. It is a beautiful album, but I was expecting more than that.. Still nice relaxing album!
The music was very soothing. I have really enjoyed this product. I have used it this when I am feeling stressed, having trouble sleeping, or when my level of pain increases. Thank you
Free is good.  Nice music to relax and read by but songs are repeats of others that I have on different CD's.  However, Free is good.
It's very Middle Eastern and good for post-yoga relaxing, for the most part.  Some of it is not THE most relaxing music and tends to the annoyingly monotonous, but then that's just my Western ear.  For pure relaxing, classical music is more to my taste.  No fault of the album.  Just me.
Soothing and relaxing if you're trying to fall asleep and need that extra push, although for me not quiet serene enough for meditation or yoga. Some of the tracks are more upbeat or instrumentally complex than others and can be distracting if you're looking for something closer to complete silence.A lot of wooden flutes, including pan flute, and acoustic guitar.
I love all kinds of different relaxation music. But even more I like variety , so when I am in the mood for the eastern type this is my absolute favorite.  Check out the music samples for yourself .
This is music you need to use when you need to relax.  It sounds just like what you hear when you are getting a massage. Good mix.
Almost every night I listen and the soft sound of classical music lulls me to a peaceful, relaxing sleep.  Plus, it was free...
This instrumental is very relaxing.  I put it on right before I go to bed and it calms me down.  I would recommend this product to anyone that needs something to put your mind at ease.
Ok not everything that is free is great esp when it comes to music, but this album is really cool, except the cover.  I would think this would be great if your driving through the america southwest desert, or if you like to do yoga, or if you have a hard time relaxing and need something to help clear your mind.  4 stars for the music content, it would have been a 5 but minus one star for the dumb album cover.. ;-)
and aside from them, it is pretty good and what you could expect. Some good and  better than the others.
I have ten puppies plus two mothers.  Pups born at the shelter.  I was playing for them Joe Strummer's comlete catalog, but perhaps this is more appropriate for night time.  They seem to like it.
I teach a senior yoga class and appreciated the fact that I was able to download some new music with which to provide my students with something new and peaceful.
Anytime you need to relax just start this and you will soon be sound asleep going fast to dream land
Very relaxing. Its great if you want to sample before purchasing the whole album. Nice variety and tempo of music.
I listened to the preview music and decided the music was different than what I generally listen to.  It is very relaxing music.  The price was right also.
It is a nice relaxing music when I don't want to think.  It also makes for a good back ground noise and is easy to breath too.
Even if you weren't having a massage, this selection was totally relaxing! I have even used it to help me fall asleep!
Very relaxing and meditative. It popped up on my &#34;Suggested for you&#34; and for the price, I thought &#34;Why not?&#34;
Relaxation & Meditation (Exclusive Amazon Sampler Featuring 60 Minutes...good qualitylove to hear thiseasy to use on kidle fire ipad laptop
Nice and relaxing music and sounds. Well worth the download. If i remember right this was a freebie or very inexpensive.
this music is great for relaxation, massage, facials.  anything where you would like to put a person (or yourself) in a relaxed, peaceful state.
I wanted this because I like music to relax by when listening to music. It is great & I love it.
For a free Kindle Fire app, this is an excellent collection of meditative music. Perfect for background relaxation or meditation. You can set for repeat, skip, or random play--as you like it. A very nice recording I enjoy.
Nothing special about this music. It just helps you relax and let time pass when that is your goal. Sometimes you just need that. This music comes through as needed!
Good. Helps with meditation and sleep and its free which always helps less stress is always better and this helps with that too.
Recently I took up Yoga and stumbled into trying this album.  I was really pleased and now just use it for background music.
This music is great for my afternoon nap. I lay and get comfy with music playing and wake up to it also.Would like to find more like it to listen to also.
I don't do yoga and the closest I get to a spa is a lawn chair in the yard, but this is a pretty nice collection of relaxation music. I must admit that I'm not a big fan of tribal flute which this album has quite a bit of, but it has enough variation that I am still enjoying it. It has some guitar, piano and nature sounds in the mix which are my favorites. Songs I like best are "Guitar Raga in A", "I Wish To Visit Dehli" and "Nomad Dreams".  If you don't like all the songs you will still definitely find a few keepers here.
I really liked the meditation sounds in this CD and the best part is that it was free. Amazon gave it to me.
I like to play this when I wake up on Sat/Sun mornings; always seems to put me in a relaxed and gentle mood. Thank you for having this as an Amazon Sampler - definitely worth it. Also, great for detox bath-time!
I recently had a massage done at Heavenly Massage and the Masseuse that worked on my body had this CD playing. I was in complete relaxation not just from the massage, but the calming music playing. I love playing this at home when I am just relaxing, either during my meditation, reading a book, or even before falling asleep.
Very enjoyable music for relaxing. I'm not a music expert so I cant comment on the quality, I'm just saying that if you are looking for a nice background music this is it.
Could have been a little more varied, but great for FREE.!!! Great for playing in the background. Bonus points on Date night.
This is a great soundtrack to my daily meditations.  I enjoy it when I don't require a guided meditation but merely want some music to help me stay present.  This one does the trick.
good for going to sleep, is what i use it for.  However there are a few pinging sounds that could wake you up, so can't be turned very loud for sleeping.  It's a little boring, but that makes it good for sleep.
Put this CD on your earphones at bedtime, you'll relax and be asleep before the end of the CD.  Play during the day and be chilled and calm.  I like it!
It was great to find this free sampler of relaxation music. My office can be stress-filled, and my co-workers started asking me to play this on our busiest days.
I listen to this music as I work on my herbs and concoctions.  It keeps me focused and relaxed so that my work comes out better.
Enjoyable music for background or meditation:-) Can use it in my meditation groups. Quite resonant and uplifting. I can recommend it highly...
This is an excellent track for relaxation - yoga, biofeedback, and just plain relaxing/meditating are brought to fullest extent through this CD.  Thanks Amazon for offering this excellent musical offering!
If you are looking for some good meditation music or just some good relaxing music to have in the background. It is one of the better free samplers I have come across on Amazon. Download it, what do you have to lose?
This type of music is exactly what I like to listen to when I meditate...  the only reason it's not 5 stars is because this is really just a sampler collection; each track excepting one is only 3-4min long.  The transitions are done well and aren't jarring and don't distract... so for FREE I don't know what else you could ask for.  I'm definitely going to make a few purchases of full-length tracks based on these samplers.  Definitely worth the download to check out.
Nice! Great meditation and spa selection and it's free. Doesn't really get much better than that. I found several tracks that I particularly like. Thank you!
I work in an inner city elementary classroom and I use this as quieting music when they come back from lunch.
I like this.  It is very relaxing and mild music for the hurry up and wait world that we live in.
this really helps me chill when I'm on the run.  I keep it in my purse on my kindle and just turn it on when I need to relax
The tracts are short but they allow lots of them. There are many different sounds so perhaps will help you to select what king of music you prefer.
Glad I did not pay alot for this.  Maybe nice background music - but I've purchased better relaxation music for sure. Ohhmmmm Ohmmmm
I like this album, it's pretty good. I think it's a good relaxation album. It could be better, but it's good!
This CD had a wide variety of songs that were really quite good.  I would definitely recommend it, even if it wasn't free.
My first download ever and am pleased, listened for 60 minute meditation, great for yoga or for me cooking....free is good!
I got this sample for free. It has mmany relaxing tracks. When I need to wane down or sleep I listen to it
I only rid this collection of one piece. The rest were lovely, relaxing and great &#34;background &#34; to my day.
When one can't get through the entire cd because one is asleep, that's proof that it did what it promised to do: relax you.
It's very relaxing and serene- just what I was looking for! I listen to it every morning to meditate, and sometimes at night to unwind and relax.
I am still working on the whole meditation thing, so much harder than you would think.  But I enjoy the soft relaxing sound.
Nice compilation of relaxing music and even better that it was FREE!  Thank you, Amazon for providing this to us!
I was surprised at how good it was since it was free. I usually don't expect  good quality in freebies. The only problem, and it's not a huge deal, is that there are one or two songs that are more upbeat than I'd like to hear in the middle of the night and the volume increases which wakes me up sometimes. You can easily delete those songs and still have a great group of free songs to fall asleep to.
Music to set back and let the world pass on by, there are good and better pieces on this album.
This was a free download, which increases it's potential value.  IF every song was bad, even at zero dollars it would have zero value - but in fact I found a couple that would be ok to use for a restorative yoga class. It's kind of too ambient for me to listen to for any other reason. When I spend money on yoga music I prefer it to be instrumental only so that it doesn't distract. Some of the songs in the mix have some vocals.
I'm new to this type of music but I find it relaxing and soothing. Use it as background music during my devotions or while working on the computer.
The recording, the musicanship are great. It may be half synthesized keyboarding but it doesn't feel like it. Truly compiled with talent. This is just what it purports to be - an entire CD of the sort of loose-ended combination loopy psuedo-ethnic/new age-not-quite-jazz that you would hear in a spa while someone else works the kinks out of your shoulders. As a nap inducer, or if you're doing yoga, it is fine. If you need it to fall asleep as gray noise, it works. For me, an entire CD is just too full of crickets and pattering for background music if I'm working. However, of course the music is not meant to inspire work. I think I will enjoy it the most if I isolate the songs and stack them into a playlist with other music so that the impact is what it should be, more relaxing without calling attention to itself.
I would have really like to have had this free music download a month earlier as background music during my labor. But hey! I'm sure I can find other times when this will be useful.
This was recommended to me by a friend. I am extremely glad she did.I found it soothing and relaxing enough to let me sink into my thoughts.
I Use it for going to sleep. Helps to turn your brain off from all the days problems, helps to manage everyday stress.
The music is very nice to fall asleep with at night. It is relaxing and cuts out the background noise. I really like it.
So relaxing your spine will melt. Perfect choice for massage therapy, reikki sessions, aromatherapy or meditation. A mix of Indian sitar, Native american flute, quiet rain and soothing thunder deliver a great sensation of peace and balance.
I found this collection very well rounded and, as a result, listen to one a day on a rotation basis.  Sound quality was perfect and the lengths of the selections were well suited for my available listening/relaxation times.
I was surprised at how much I really like this download, it has some very soothing and realaxing mucic.  I reommend it.
There is not much to say about this album.  It was free and free is always good.  Try it for yourself.
Very relaxing. Went to sleep by it.Rain forest was by far the best. Yes I would recommend this album to a friend. Relaxation and Meditations.
For a free product, this is fantastic. I find the music very helpful when reading -- it drowns out other distractions without becoming a distraction itself and fosters a mood of tranquility. I've also used it for falling asleep when my brain wants to solve every problem in the world at 3 a.m. The pleasant tones offer the equivalent of a back rub for the brain. The music isn't particularly melodious -- you aren't going to walk away humming any of these tunes, if you can even call them tunes, given that a lot of the music seems to just meander without any particular plan or structure. But, it meanders peacefully, and delivers exactly what is promised -- calming background music that allows one to focus.
Like other reviewers, I actually found this music relaxing.  Another benefit is that it lasts a long time.  It didn't distract me and it helped drown out other noise where I work.If you like solo piano as work music, this is worth checking out.
Listening to this music while lying down in a darkened room seems to make the world a better place. I was able to feel mellow and unconnected to anyone or anything else.
The majority of songs are peaceful flute music - played softly will enhance the practice and allow the &#34;practioner&#34; to breathe or move slowly.  Enjoyable.
This is a great album for background music while working or just when wanting to relax.  It is well done and I have enjoyed it.
This is wondrous for relaxation, although I couldn't tell you what each selection truly sounded like since I use it to help relax me to sleep and boy does it do a great job.  I don't think I've ever gotten through the first selection.  But what little I've heard while either heading towards lala land or been interrupted in my sleep has been very soothing.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because when I've tried to listen to it in stereo its a little grating to my nerves.
LISTENED TO IT WHILE READING.  GOOD RELAXING STUFF.  WAS FREE SO PRICE WAS RIGHT.  WOULD BUY IF INEXPENSIVE.  GOOD FOR BACKGROUND NOISE.
Serene and peaceful. This actually help me sleep through a pretty rough night, after I tried unsuccessfully all night long this particular night with a pounding headache.
What I like best is that there are different types of music. Now I have something for meditation and yoga :)
Just the kind of music to relax and get thoughts straight.  I recommend listening to this great music if you feel that you need that moment of peace.
Why do we have to write a review to rate a product? How can I review this album when I'm asleep when it's playing? It keeps me asleep I guess. That's a good thing. I have it downloaded to my Kindle and play it along with a dozen other albums to keep me asleep. It works well in that aspect.
Its good and its worth the money. But it goes without saying if you don't own "There is Love in You", buy that first.
This song is good. I love the lyrics and the beat.  Beyond is a very good singer and he will go a long way.
I love this song but I'm sick of hearing it they've played it too much and now I can't bear to listen to my download
This is nice and easy listening music. Would be great for background at a dinner party. It would allow talking and still b e pleasing to listen to.
I was looking for some smooth sounds but sounds that would not put me to sleep...this CD is so cool!
This sampler has some nice fresh takes on some old standards that makes them very easy to listen to, but they don't lose the melody in the process!  I like the pure instrumentals the best.
This was one of those free lots of music from Amazon.  I was quite surprised when it turned out to be such a good cd.
Competent group with  good arrangements of old standards. Especially liked 'Bill Bailey  Won't You please Come Home&#34;. It has a dixieland sound.Her voice is not that great though and the vocals didn't do much for me.I did recommend the album to several friends.
A very nice variety of tunes that cover your many moods.  Go from fast to soulful all on one record.
Great classic jazz collection. I believe the renowned names in jazz music were left off like Earl Klugh, Spyrogyra and Al J. but it was still good to listen.
Having been bored with the direction music is taking today, this is a reminder of the beauty of straightforward simple solid musicianship.
I liked this one because of its variety. I prefer non-vocal jazz. At no cost to me, this was a real bargain for great quality!
The Jazz Sampler has some great music......Especially love the "old standards", with a new life.These are songs that you don't hear much anymore."Thanks for the memories"Dipsydoodles
A fine album of assorted soft jazz numbers.  Very competent bands. Pleasant easy listening music. BTW Price was great, wonderful!
Excellent Jazz collection delivered in just the right form allowing a perfect balance of selections for the average listener who appreciates contemporary tunes!
Very well produced.  Easy listening.  A longtime admirer of Beegie Adairs musical talents, I find this album  of her and her friends to be easy listening.  Very well produced.Em Shear.
Perfect easy listening jazz. The song choice are familiar and the piano very relaxing. Great choice if easy to listen jazz is your interest.
Jazz is a pretty broad genre.  When I think of jazz, one thing I think of is the dialog between the musicians... the breaks and solos taken by various members of the group... for example, the interplay between the saxes and brass and drums... a lot of improvisation.  I don't hear much of this spontaneity and interplay in the Green Hill Jazz Sampler, so to my ear it's "not quite jazz."Many of the pieces sound more like "dance band" music than "jazz" to me.  Some of the pieces might qualify as "smooth jazz" ... that hybrid eunuch of a format that is, nonetheless, often very pleasant listening.  Some pieces don't even go that far, IMHO; for example Fascination Waltz (certainly an old musical standard) bears no resemblance to what I think of as jazz.  Some (especially the vocals) are "lounge music" to my way of thinking.Still, some of the arrangements are fairly spirited and jazzy.  Bill Bailey, and Alexander's Ragtime Band, are pretty authentic to my ear.  No argument there.All in all, the Sampler is quite listenable, although perhaps more as background music, rather than foreground.  It's an interesting mix of the "Jazz" palette.  All the arrangements are good, and the playing is meticulous, so it's a very polished collection.  I'm glad it's part of my library, and I'll listen to it again in the future.
Nice familiar tunes, reasonably well done, good back ground music. Free why not?? Try it too most likely you will g i nd it enjoyanle.
Well rounded collection. What's not to like about free? I think they are definitely worth a few bucks if you are into jazz
Really nice beats here.  Hard to find some good jazz tunes these days, but I think you will not be disappointed
Can't give this a 5 star but a 4. Good Lp for after a long week of work it's good for a quiet Saturday afternoon. Even after working in the yard it was soothing. All the selections seem to cause me to reflect back to the '70s-'80, birth of smooth jazz. A great grab for slowing down the pace of the day. Recommend it!!
A great selection of songs and it was free.  It does not get much better than that!I am really enjoying listening to it.
I like the sampler, because most of the music in the collection are good.I got it for free, surprised to find out they are really good jazz music.
Nice all around Jazz sample.  Some songs are a little out of my taste, but most are pretty good. Album.
Has variety and many known artists with some songs that were not as popular but the feeling & the groove still comes thru.
Got this one as a free MP3 purchase so I gave it a try. Its a nice piece of music especially at that price. I have listened to it a couple of times. I probably would not have purchased it as I was familiar with any of the artists, but I do enjoy it.
I was primarily interested in only one of the artists. Surprised to discover three other outstanding performers. I am now following the others.
For the most part, this compilation has the best of two worlds. Great classics, done in a fresh way, showcasing talented artists. I liked the big band sounds. ( I probably could've done without 'Bill Bailey'...)And I also like the fresh takes on the more modern tracks like Scarborough Fair. All in all, a very pleasurable compilation.
My son used this several times for his college class. The price was better than what we could find somewhere else!
Very nice album of easy listening smooth jazz. Relaxing, friendly tunes. Includes some old standards with which many are familiar.
This is an unobtrusive cover of familiar tunes. It is unlikely to offend any age group and might inspire a search for the performers original work.
Good for a nice relaxing Sunday morning breakfast while reading the newspaper. I didn't expect it to be as stimulating as it was.
I like music and jazz if one of my favor  i will like to get more free music like this
Good selections of smooth jazz. I added it to my playlist to use as background music. I would recommend this to anyone who likes smooth jazz
In trying to broaden my musical tastes and collection, I bought this jazz sampler. Very pleased. Jazz can be a bit too much at times but this is a great album to easy into the genre
Not a bad jazz compilation--I dont usually listen to jazz but this was a free chance to try it out.  Like it and its STILL on my Ipod.  :)
This is a nice mix of jazz that ranges from soothing to upbeat.  You can turn on the music and let it play in the background; it will enhance the mood without becoming overbearing and hogging everyone's attention.  If I close my eyes, the songs make me feel like I'm listening to a band playing from the gazebo in the center of a park during a summer stroll."Alexander's Ragtime Band"  - Instrumental.  Beautiful and upbeat piano rendition of an all-time classic.  Even if you don't recognize the name of the song, you'll surely recognize the tune."Shine on Harvest Moon" - Instrumental.  This song has a soothing big band of the 1940's sound."A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody" - Instrumental rendition with a soft piano lead."Scarborough Fair" - Instrumental with a strong and soulful trumpet lead on the melody."Avalon" - Instrumental with a tenor saxophone on the lead melody line."You Made Me Love You" - Beegie Adair female vocal lead Very strong and soulful sounding voice."Midnight in Rio" - Instrumental with a Latin flavor"They Didn't Believe Me" - Instrumental piano lead"Room with a View" - Instrumental saxophone solo"Fascination Waltz" - Instrumental - with a haunting melody a la Paris"Bill Bailey Won't You Please Come Home" - Instrumental  with a clarinet lead for first verse, trumpet lead second verse, guitar for the third verse, trumpet lead in fourth verse, clarinet fifth verse, percussion lead on the bridge, and a trumpet lead on the reprise.  Very fun."My Melancholy Baby" Beegie Adair female vocal lead
I love different kinds of music and this is a very nice free sample of jazz classics. Recommend it as a great option for the price. ;-)
D/L some good jazz tunes on this sampler and best of all....it was free! Can't beat that if you tried!
JAZZ IS MY SECOND BEST MUSIC MY FIRST IS GOSPEL MUSIC I ALSO LIKE RBC I REALLY ENJOY THIS CD THANKS
Can't beat it for the price!  This is a good cd for reading or being in the house doing nothing - alone or with someone special!
Some of the music is what you would expect at your local internet cafe, 'typical' jazz. But some of the tunes in this album were actually really good. I didn't pay anything for the album, but after hearing it I probably would have bought it anyway.
This is a very nice mix of smooth jazz standardsGreat as background music or to listen to when you need to unwind
We really enjoy this music. Some very good cuts that are well produced. Loaded this on our cars MP3 player and enjoy it while we travel.
This is not a must have item, but at $0.00, what more could you want? The selection is nice, not comprehensive. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.
Haven't really listened much but I like what I did hear when I down loaded it.  I will have to take a listen.
None of the song truly speak to my soul, but I must say it seems like a perfect non intrusive set list of mellow jazz to have in the back ground of any shower, dinner party, or other gathering.  I gave it a full listen while preparing dinner and enjoyed it.  Will it replace my go to regulars, that would be a no but as you can sence from the samples this music has a nice relaxing while tasting wine kinda feel.  I love all kinds of music so I welcome this into my collection.  It is defently worth a look.
Pick up the UK import of this. It has both the original song by Adele along with as an instrumental version.
It's a great song. It's too bad it wasn't included in any of the 50th Anniversary compilations. I would have preferred that it not be "stand-alone."
I thought I was ordering the album, not just the single, but...I love the song andit came quickly.Thank you very much!
I don't love everything Adele does since  some of it is just a bit too angsty for me and I was also a little worried how she was going to stand up to the past artists who have made recordings for these movies...but never fear. She did wonderfully. It is intriguing and shows off her spectacular voice and her range very well. The orchestration is superb also and brings to mind some of the earlier .007 theme songs.
Not a love song in the tradition ofFor your eyes only (1981) / Vinyl single [Vinyl-Single 7''] ora view to a kill 45 rpm singleas the song begins with "This is the end". Fits well with the opening credits ofSkyfallas Bond appears to fall from the sky.It mentions never having their heart but also loving arms around them. The sound is engaging, it almost seems some of the words are inaudible. Won the Oscar. Pretty sound.
CD arrived in excellent condition and very quickly.  Too bad I had to buy a single to get the song because it wasn't on the main soundtrack CD.  Marketing Trickery?  Excellent single.
Worthy of being an official Bond song.  I don't rave about it as much as some others do, but it's definitely not bad.
It has a real Shirley Bassey feel to it, taking you back to the glory days of John Barry/Marvin Hamlisch, et al.  The orchestra incorporates the Bond motif beautifully, especially the horns.  Adele's in great voice, still so much like a latter-day Randy Crawford, but hearing her constant intakes of air detracts from the experience.Lyrically... it's not so good.  It starts out in classic Bond fashion- a simple measure having almost nothing to do with the movie for the sole purpose of working 'Skyfall' into the refrain.  Then it switches into sort of an angsty love song or something, again just to work in 'Skyfall'.  Overall- I love the music, like Adele's singing but the lyrics are lacking.  But I guess that's what most Bond themes have been like, haven't they?  lol
I ORDER THIS THINKING IT WAS A DIFFERENT SONG, I LIKED IT AS I LIKE ADELE'S MUSIC IN GENERAL. THE END.
Based on the rave reviews, I downloaded this without hearing the whole song. I was not disappointed in the overall quality, but was surprised at how prominent the James Bond theme was throughout the music. This makes it a GREAT bond title song (one of the best), but less successful as a song in its own right - unless you love James Bond and those familiar music notes from his theme. Past themes usually had more cross-over appeal by just slightly referencing the theme, but this one is very Bond heavy. If you're looking for the next big radio hit from Adele, this might not be the song for you. If you want a beautiful, perfectly executed James Bond theme, this one knocks it out of the park.
It's 'Bond-ey', it's 'Adele-ey', it's got bits of the Bond theme in it. It's got cheesy backing singers. It's got drama and stuff.Really, the perfect Bond theme. As a song on it's own, probably a bit melodramatic, but here, it does it's job perfectly. Move over Miss Bassey, you have a contender!
There is no question that Adele has had one of the most infectious songs to have ever came out of the industry from the past few years. Rolling In The Deep, definitely showed that last year, as the Song Of The Year at The Grammy Awards. But nevertheless, when she was tapped to do the leading song for the James Bond film Skyfall, I was skeptical if she could still sing after her vocal incidents that hurt her touring for 21. The song is definitely a classic ballad that still shows that Adele still can sing, and it definitely holds up with the best James Bond songs from Goldeneye by Tina Turner, to Tomorrow Never dies from Sheryl Crow. This is a great download for anyone that loves Adele, or is looking for the next great song from the movies.Song: B 1/2+
Adele was the obvious choice for singing the title song.  She harkens back to the singers of the 60's Shirley Bassey, Tom Jones.
There are of course many great Bond themes.  This one ranks up there toward the very top.  Very well done.
Fits in well with the motion picture and seems to bring the scenes togethercreating the desired effect , suspense and execution.
Adele, what can I say, she sing &#34;skyfall&#34; so emotionally and the passion she has for the song just pours out.
Yes I like Adele, and when you see the film the song has more impact, also the first bond song to win an oscar which by far has been an oversite because there have been a lot of great bond themes...Congrats and a must have for any Bond fan!
Excellent tune for a marvelous film sung by a vocal prodigy...one for the ages.I thought of the seminal themes sung by Dame Bassey and this ranks among the top.
This is a nice mix of mostly jazzy piano Christmas background music. I've been playing it in the background as I've been decorating for Christmas and it is nice and most importantly, FREE. can't beat that.
Very nice, and the price was right...freeCool Jazz Christmas tunes.Grab it, it's good.  I need five more words....
Nice album, put together beautifully! Nice changes to old religious & standard music. I'll be listening to this for a long time. Thanks Amazon.
Overall this is a relaxing Christmas album.  There are a couple that I don't particularly enjoy but music taste varies considerably.  Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy is quite enjoyable - nice variation.
It is mostly classics that are modernized. Has a jazz feel. Also has some new ones that I have never heard before.
this album is perfect for tradtional christmas music to be playing in the background and is very relaxing  love it
I just downloaded this album for a bargain price of FREE! First of all, that is awesome.Now about the music. I am a Christmas/Holiday music aficionado, or freak, depending on who you ask. I'm the person humming Christmas tunes November 1st and still trying not to sing them come Valentine's Day. I enjoy all types of holiday tunes, from juvenile classics to choral to Trans Siberian Orchestra and everything in between.This is a great sampler of easy listening style songs, lots of piano arrangements and jazzy ones, too. This would be an excellent mix to have playing at a nice level in the background as you entertain guests.
Got this as a free selection. Very Christmasy. Great backgrouond music. I used it at my last family Christmas get together.
I really enjoyed the free christmas music. I am thankful that amazon cares enough to do this. Thank you very much.
Having 5,000+ mp3 holiday files, this was (and is) just more to add.  Required/must-have music?  Nah.  But very nice and a few of the tunes as they randomly pop up on our speakers have us/guests looking to see &#34;who is that?'
I was very impressed at the quality of artists on this sampler, many of who I am familiar with.  Good selection, Amazon!
I downloaded this for free on Amazon and it gave me a handful of various Christmas songs by different artists. I enjoyed this collection a lot.
Great selection of nice mellow christmas music, pleasantly surprised that this was free.  I've liked new age music for years.
Downloaded to see what was there and it was a good listen. Variety was okay and quality was good overall.
I love Christmas music so when I found out this was a free download I jumped at the chance to add it to my collection. It's actually a very nice sampler. I would definitely recommend you check it out!
Several very good selections in this set, both vocals and instrumentals. Recording quality is really good. Sure could not beat the price, either.....
Surprisingly good for a free CD! There are two tracks with vocals I didn't care for, but the rest is pretty darn good instrumental jazz. Get it!
Great music to listen to while studying or web surfing. It was very calming, soothing and relaxing. Thanks for providing it.
Since the majority of songs are instrumentals, this album is suitable for relaxed listening all year around . . .
I downloaded this album (hey, it was free) wasn't sure if I would like it because it had mixed reviews posted. But I love it. Mostly instrumental, it was wonderful background music and really put me in the Christmas mood while I was baking cookies, etc. Very upbeat in a quiet sort of way, kinda jazzy, with cajun and other flavors. O Christmas Tree sounds like Schroeder playing it in A Charlie Brown Christmas! If you are expecting the traditional, this isn't it.
Actually, pretty good for real money too. One vocal number is a little over the top, but all in all fills the bill on Christmas spirit. Good job, everyone involved.
I took advantage of the free album and have been enjoying it as simple background music to set the Christmas mood.
Perfect soft jazz renditions of classic holiday favorites. Nice background music when entertaining, decorating or driving. This is a great addition to my collection!
Maybe not my favorite renditions of these songs, but good, nevertheless.  Makes for good background music.  Well worth the price.
Easy listening - nicely produced collection of familiar Christmas melodies with upbeat arrangements. . . especially enjoyed the piano arrangements
It's Christmas most of it was beautiful music playing. There was some singing involved but I wanted to here the song&#34; miss you this Christmas&#34; and it's Free.
First of all, for free, I prefer not to look this gift horse in the mouth.  If you don't like it, just delete it, OK?And this set of songs has it's place.  It's a bit of easy listening / muzak, and a bit smooth jazz.  These instrumentals aren't the type of Christmas songs I'm going to put on for "serious listening", but as background music during a holiday dinner they work just fine.  Thanks Amazon and Green Hill.
I downloaded this album because it was being offered for free. It's worth a listen! Some interesting takes on various Christmas classics.
This is a very nice collection . . .very traditional but with a nice touch of creativity and jazz.  I especially enjoyed the instrumental songs.
It eally got me started into the Christmas Holiday spirit!  Love the new cloud player.  The portability is terrific.JoYous
Also fun! A lovely musical place to spend some downtime (if you can find it) Enjoy the holidays! Merry Christmas!
Very nice background christmas music for a party or dinner.It has a nice sound without overpowering conversation, so it's perfect for these situations.
This Christmas CD is a great choice to play in the background of holiday parties, dinner with friends and family or simply while decorating your house.  It has mostly instrumental pieces, and a few jazzy numbers.  This is not the CD you want if you are looking to sing along with your favorite Christmas carols - but it does put you in the holiday mood.  The only reason I did not give it the full five stars is because the pace of the CD overall is a little slow for my holiday liking, but the quality is good.
The selections and renditions of the Christmas sampler took me back to a time where we played and enjoyed the holidays. Family would come to visit and we would enjoy our cousins. My mom would be baking items to give as gifts from one family to the next. The smell of baking goodies & tasting these treats w/xmas songs playing brought back the joy of family ties.
A must for any holiday music fan - nice diversity and a great cross sampler and just entertaining!  Get it now for next year!
Samplers give you variety of songs and tones! These samplers contain a variety you - the listener - may be looking for!
This is a very relaxing sampler of Christmas music  A wide range of music for the Holidays and enjoyable for all ages
It's not outstanding but it's really a nice album.  It's all instrumental and many of the songs start out slow and build up to a jazz version.  Nice music for those who like something more upbeat for holiday music.
Got it for free but listened to it a lot during the holidays. Good stuff especially good for background and mood.
Great Christmas Music For Free.  I did not have any traditional Christmas music on my computer so I really enjoyed this.
This was a practice to learn how to down load music. I am required to write four more words here.
I got this for free so I thought I might as will try it, but I really like listening to this during the season..it's great:)
This is a great little Christmas album, especially to have on in the background during dinner. Not distracting, but really adds to the atmosphere. A bit jazzy and a bit low key.
I have a couple of her albums and thoroughly enjoy them.  I will do the same for years with this sampler.
Traditional carols with a very classy kick! ! A good album for setting the mood on a wonderful Christmas day!
This is a very nice Christmas Music sampler. It made Christmas a little more special. We will play it for years to come.
Great music!  Most of it is instrumental, and some songs are played with a jazz type style.  There was one song I didn't care for, but other than one, I really liked the music a lot.
It's loaded with familiar and wonderful music for the Christmas season.I like it very much.I am going to keep it in my favorite Christmas music list!
Did not even listen to it. I just got it because it was free on slickdeals. I'm sure it's fine.
The Green Hill Christmas Music Sampler is a very nice diverse collection of top shelf musicians and singers on the Green Hill label. If you're looking for something new, and different, with sophistication, this is for you. As background music for a gathering, or concentrated listening you will enjoy all the artist featured here. You'll want to explore the various artist more in depth, which is what the producers probably had in mind. Enjoy.
This has a mixture of sounds. Soft, jazzy, piano, etc. The music isn't the same beat for each song where everything sounds the same. Not a bad mixture and there were songs I liked and some &#34;not so much&#34; but for the most part I enjoyed the variety.
Very nice easy listening Christmas music that all can enjoy.  I plan on having it playing throughout the Holidays at my house.
This will make great background music for my holiday dinner. It's a smooth jazzy christmas album.  Perfect price too. Free!
We try to have a different Christmas album playing each year as we open our presents.  This inexpensive sampler fit the bill this year helping to keep the ambiance going throughout our day on Christmas.
Nice addition to my extensive holiday music collection. And free is always good. I watch for the free holiday stuff every year. Thanks Amazon!
This is a sampler and is quite good to listen to and they are the short version of the songs.
I love Christmas music playing in the background while I'm working.  This is very good CD to use for that purpose.
And it was free!  Thanks, Amazon!  I'll check back again to see what other music I can download to my Amazon Cloud player.
Music is very good and the price was right (free). I have added this to my MP3 collection. You will enjoy it.
The music is different but still good.  Wasn't sure what to expect upon purchasing and was thrown off by the first song, but I have grown to like the entire album and have listened to it regularly.
I'm not as much a fan of Celtic music as I am of Classical, but this is still a wonderful collection. What I'm going to do is make a random playlist that has Celtic, Classical and Hymn-style Christmas music all mixed together, then enjoy it not only in December, but in June and other times when I feel like it.
Peaceful and enjoyable to listen to while driving my bus full of students home in the afternoons. Celtic Music is always very soothing...
I play it while I am on my computer. It is really nice and puts me in a Christmas mood.
The arrangements on this CD are really serene, I just wish that there were more than four songs on it.
It is relaxing music and you have to remember it is only music.  Good back ground music for a party.  It's very soothing.
While I'm not sure how Celtic this is, and (as someone pointed out) it does sound like a synthesizer not actual separate instruments, I really don't care as it's a peaceful, pretty group of instrumental carols. Well worth it, and a great accompaniment to any holiday get together or dinner. Works really well for dinners, as it's not to loud and can be very unobtrusive in the background.
I like the compilation of songs for a white Christmas feel and good quality singing and recording. It would make a good gift.
Coming from an Irish lass, I really enjoyed the sounds.  Nice for bringing some peace back to the season and stopping to breathe.
This is good for if you like easy listening or for back up tracks for a concert, or even to put you to sleep. Very soothing.
It's a wonderful set of Christmas music to have playing softly in the background at work or as I go about my daily household chores.
Christmasy with qualityRelaxing and not cutesyEnjoyed this Irish music Christmas album while at work without interference of thought
I like all types of Christmas music as long as it&#8217;s not raunchy. instrumentals are my preferred type of music.
Great Christmas music!I would highly recommand it for the folks who enjoy listening to easy listening music. Specially when its this cheap!
I downloaded this for a special deal on the holidays and it is very relaxing. I would recommend this to anyone who like Celtic music.
I had to listen to more.  Oscars night.  Went home to listen to the entire soundtrack to this fascinating documentary.  Very cerebral, emotional and enthralling.  Then, I bought it: instant gratification from Amazon!
Scarlett's song in the beginning sets the tone.  The music is relaxing but a little chilling because of the knowledge gained about the melting ice.
A good mix of chill, smooth mood music.Simple compilation with brilliant arrangement.I will be purchasing more music from this composer.
The musics offered were short with only four titles that ran roughly 15 minutes total.  But I liked the fact that it was free and pleasantly surprised that I actually enjoyed some of the tracks with Jingle Bell as my favorite.Some reviewers gave lower rating because this was not complete album which I find it strange.  If you don't like the fact that this was not full album then why download and listen?  It didn't cost you any money at all and what was offered was rather nice in my opinion.
Nice Christmas album. Not a lot of songs, but worth the download.  All classic songs.  Would be a wonderful add to a holiday playlist.
lifts a body up in the spirit of the season, great way to relax after a long day of shopping
The sound is lovely. I have never used a cloud player before. I like the idea of being able to access the music from several devices.
I guess this sampler is out there to promote the artist's albums.  Nice music and well worth the effort to download.
thank you for some classy Christmas music! I get tired of the santa claus-y stuff that they start playing in September!
The album is very entertaining. The music has multi-generational appeal.. It was free!!!!!I recommend this for everyone to listen.
Great Christmas masterpieces that are nice to listen to any time of the year. A must have for the Christmas season.
This was a welcome addition to my collection of Christmas music - and it was also free. Certainly no complaints.
This is a very nice sampler of Christmas songs from this orchestra.  This album is still quite small with 4 songs, but, is very nice and will round out your iTunes library quite well.
Thanks for a nice free offering for the holidays.  I loaded it on my laptop so I could listen while I work.
Once I registered for the Cloud and installed the Amazon MP3 downloader, I was able to purchase the CD and download it to my PC. Working with the HELP pages was extremely slow. Maybe heavy usage?The CD is excellent and I am enjoying it.
All the songs were good, and it was free. I particularly liked the classical cuts; finding classical Christmas music that's accessible isn't easy.
This short but festive album plays instantly recognizable, but still relevant holiday music. Great for ambience and working throughout the day.
I enjoyed this music selection very much but I did not give it a 5 star rating. This is only because I did not recognize the first selection, Gloria, Gloria
whats not to like about christmas music? got it for free after all. maybe next yr get to listen more carefully to whole set and find fault?
great stuff for the price. ya can't beat it. I like listening to it during the holidays. It joins my other Christmas cd's that I play.
I love Christmas music, and this purchase was great because it is good music and it was free. I recommend it.
Very good in general, or at least the four cuts that I downloaded.  I loved the first three.  The fourth, Silent Night, was a little too restrained a rendition for my liking, not as good as either of the first three selections.  An enjoyable selection of tunes.
Must hav Christmas Masterpieces is an album that will get you into the Christmas mood. The songs are traditional Christmas songs that fit the season. I would feel good recommending this album to my friends. Being that it is free is also a plus, even if there was a price, it would be worth it.
Those are great songs and I was very happy to find them free. I thought I would be listening to them often, but it did not happen.
Can't go wrong with free!  It's nice to have Christmas music to listen to at this time of year. Thanks
Oops-previous review related to a different product (sorry). Re-Review: A decent set of xmas tunes; Jingle bells and Gloria above average--and hey, it's free, so, the price is certainly right!  ;)
Amazon provided some nice christmas music on a free download. I think that was cool of them. Good recordings of good music.
Four classics that I didn't have in my computer's music library. Next month is Christmas! Can't beat a free deal.
I love Holiday music.  And this collection has all the songs I love. Very easy listening and great sound. Very good!
This is a good album of holiday music, and when it is free, I can't complain. Unless you are worried about filling up your music storage space (although, it's only 4 songs) I would recommend this.
I ordered in hopes of hearing alot of Christmas music. It was okay,I liked the music but font know if I'd reccommend it.
Enjoyed this album for more than the cheap price.  Good music to listen to if you want to just relax and think about the holidays.
for a free product it had good sound and musici am fully satisfied with my purchasethanks amazon music
I really enjoyed the music. I only wish there had been more. It really helped to get me in the Christmas spirit.
I was hoping for regular Christmas carols and more classical pieces, but some the &#34;various artists&#34; kind of killed it for me. Good if you aren't expecting your usual artists to sing certain songs, or if you want to hear how others do it (some quite a bit differently than I remember from growing up with some of these tunes). But, hey, it's free so what have you got to lose?
Christmas Masterpieces must be in home for celebrate Christmas with family and frends evry year for good time at Holiday Season.
Good holiday mix- you'll definitely enjoy it!  Especially GLORIA (holiday version of course).  Short but was free and so very nice to have for the holidays.  Thanks for the gift!
Beautiful arrangements in Latin and, I believe, German of Gloria in excesis Deo and Silent Night......only dislike is I don't know those languages so a sing along wasn't that much fun (couldn't remeber past 2nd verse in Silent Night). The sweetest children's voices in  Jingle Bells and how can you go wrong with Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker?  Very enjoyable
I was able listen to the music I like without driving my husband crazy. Good deal. Can't think of more to say.
It was nice getting wonderful music for free after buying so many things on Amazon. Inspirational and beautiful music for everyone.
Thank you so much for the free Christmas downloads, they are just wonderful.  Some of my favorite songs are in this collection and you can't beat the price...
1. "Jingle Bells " -- The International Childrens' Choir lends their angelic voices to 2:49 minutes of imagination and wonder. Having a version of this song sung by children is a necessary piece in your Christmas collection.2. "The Nutcracker Suite, Op. 71: No. 13 Waltz of the Flowers" -- The Berlin Symphony Orchestra and Peter Wohlert bring us this holiday waltz for 6:39 minutes of dreaming, wishing, and remembering. The clarity of this track is superb!3. "Gloria - "Gloria in excelsis deo" -- The male ensemble Capella Gregoriana sings without musical accompaniment, this hymn of praise, for 3:16 minutes. Their voices are strong and sure in the Latin phrasing, but you may prefer more joyful versions.4. "Silent Night, Holy Night" -- This primarily instrumental version by Budapest Strings and Karoly Botvay exhibits light vocals, feathered by angel wings during the 3:42 minutes of this track. This is a restful, relaxing Christmas classic.Amazon provided this free to customers during the holiday season of 2012. My overall impression of the album is positive, though these duplicated versions of carols and hymns I already had from very inexpensive MP3 albums. My favorite tracks are the 1st and 4th, which are different enough from my previous purchases to improve my collection.Other great cheap Christmas classics buys:The 99 Most Essential Christmas Masterpieces (Amazon Exclusive)99 Must-Have Christmas Classics
This is a good idea but should have MORE selections to play I feel - Because everyone doesn't like the same type of Christmas or any other type of music. It is a nice idea though and it's nice to hear the songs ;]
Must have Christmas Masterpieces is well played.  I like Christmas music, and really enjoy the choir styles. Thanks for a very nice group of songs
Although I already own a large repertoire of holiday music, when this was offered for free, I decided to take them up on the offer.  The music is surprisingly good.
nice comforting Christmas music that is performed by good orchestra's  and talented singers and groups.  You will definately enjoy this ddownload
Very nice Christmas songs. The songs remind me why we celebrate Christmas. Very beautiful sound and songs to listen to during Christmas time.
I used this during the Christmas season.  What can one say about Christmas music...it was good, it was free, I was pleased.
Great music, love the songs and with the old sang ''if it's free, it's for me!'' so a definite must have
Simple-I Like It,what more can i say?Go bu it here on Amazon.if you like holiday music,buy this.You'll Love It!Period!End Of Story
These are traditional basic music of ChristmasI like it, but it's little bit old .But u can use at Christmas dinnerthanks
I discovered the music to be very relaxing. I liked the fact that it was also entertaining. I would suggest it especially if it was free.
Christmas music is always good.When someone shares good music for free that's a win win.Anyway you look at it.
The title says it all. Want a great sampler with all your favorite seasonal classics? Simply put, you must-have this album
I found the four songs to be a delightful addition to my small but growing holiday music faire! Just wish there were more on this album...
Excellent sample of some classic (and classical) Christmas music. Only 4 songs, so it could have been longer, but very good overall.
This is classy music. Not everything free is worth having, but I feel like this album is. Happy that I downloaded it.
I enjoyed it but not great, but would reommend it to friends as it is not music I would turn away from.
Anybody who collects music must have at least six copies of these songs.  Done by big names.  Well, I think you should get them for the charm. For one, The International Childrens' Choir is quite well done and can be listened to over and over. The other tracks are enticing as wellGift yourself.  You won't be sorry
I got this download for free to lighten up the holiday season.  We listened to the songs on Christmas morning while opening presents.
Free is always a good start, but the music is really nice too.  It includes nice renditions of the classics and is very soothing Christmas dining music.
Glad this was free. I, honestly, wouldn't have paid for this 'must-have' set however, it's ok for once-a-season playing. RSM
These four MP3s are done very well. The only song not to my liking was 03 - Gloria - Gloria in excelsis deo, which is in an a cappella Gregorian chant style by a group of men singing and Latin. For that style of music though, they do it very well.
It was on the kindle when I bought it  but I really enjoyed the music since it was a christmas gift to me.
It was a nice group of Christmas songs. It will help give you that &#34;lift&#34; while getting presents wrapped or baking cookies with the family.
I love Christmas music and this gave me a wonderful variety of music and artist to listen to during the holidays
GREAT CHRISTMAS SONGS, CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS ALBUM..PERFECT TIME OF YEAR TO GET FREE MUSIC..GREAT TO SHARE WITH ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY..
Good for the mood lifter.  No problems with the songs.  Nice tunes for the average house hold to enjoy music.
I downloaded four very fine pieces and did enjoy them.  The quality was finr, but, Wish there was more variety.
Very clean non rocky I am so happy that I wa able to find some clean cut non rocky music for the holidays. It is hard to find music like this.
Wonderful Xmas Songs. This is bull why require me to write 70 words when I don't want to write any. Won't review any more.
I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW BEAUTIFUL THIS MUSIC WAS. I WAS IN TEARS LISTENING TO THIS BEAUTIFUL MUSIC. IT MUST BE AN ALLERGEY OR SOMETHING. I AM NORMALLY FINE. IT COULD BE A DUST MITE ORE SOMETHING. WE USED TO HAVE A DOG THAT HAD WATERY EYES. I REALLY CAN'T TELL WITH OUR FISH, BUT HE LOOKS FINE. IT COULD BE OUR NEIGHBOR ACCROSS THE STREET. HE IS A HEAVY SMOKER.
It is a good Christmas album and for free how can you complain. Very easy to.listen to and good and well done.
With only a few songs and a price tag that is FREE, you can't really go wrong. The only song I don't really care for is the jingle bells.
Nice selection and variety of older sounds of Christmas. Nice to have it playing in the background. Thank you Amazon!
I got this album, I did not know what it was, but being the music lover that I am, I was willing to try it out. It's different but its good music, great for cleaning to.
I picked this up at a discount from Amazon, not sure I would pay full price, but I do like the music. This &#34;New Age&#34; version is a quiet medley of music that I find perfect for relaxing in the bathtub or meditating. I occasionally also use it when I am trying to fall asleep at night.Suggest you listen to the different samples before buying ... since it isn't familiar music, and everyone has an opinion as to what relaxes them.
A free download from Amazon.  What a pleasant surprise.  It is nice, smooth, and relaxing music to put you in a peaceful reflective mood.
Very relaxing music selections. Good for background. The cost was right on. I'll listen to it from time to time.
I whip out these songs to calm me and also excite my inner self in thought.  Works great and beautiful music for my wife and myself.
I enjoy lovely, quiet music and really appreciate this album and its availability on Amazon.  The musicians do a fine job of the renditions.
very relaxing music enjoy the various artists would recommend to my friends would buy more like this.worth the money lovely
They are not kidding when they named this album "the most relaxing new age music in the universe".  Now I can't talk for the universe, but the music on this album is good.  It's an easy listen and well worth the download.  Sit back relax and enjoy what your going to hear.
This kind of music really helps me with the stress of family life. What more could you ask for yourself.
I downloaded these to my puter, and I just let them play.they are decent music, and good for the season.  Let's see more free tunes like this sort of package!
Very nice ambient music to relax to and have playing in the background. Was a quick random pick to add to the cloud, so I would have a bit of variety in my stream on my mobile device.
I'd call this a Smooth Jazz album before a New Age one; some of the cuts even sound more like excerpts from movie soundtracks, but it has enough esoteric and ethnic instruments and elements to have it qualify it as such.  It may also have to do with the fact that the majority of the artists appearing on it are Asian- obviously as vehicle to showcase their talents.  Not that it's a bad album- it's great!- just mis-labeled, in my opinion.A few highlights from Disc 1:Moonday: playful and engaging live piece from Andreas Vollenweider.A Poet in the Afternoon: feels a lot like an extended tone poem, but very enjoyable.Heart: alto sax, strings and piano combine for a romantic interlude.Silver Spring Rain: mostly a piano/cello combo until a melancholy yet effective female voice shows up.  Wonderful.White Fantasy: slow, piano only piece; you'll really enjoy Watanabe's tinkling on the ivories.Waterfall: another piano-oriented track accompanied by a few cameos of middle strings and some keyboards.Disc 2:Korea Idea: pan flute, xylophone, drums... very immersive!  It's like taking a slow boat down the Han River.Moon Healing: as sentimental and romantic a tune as you'll ever hear.  The tenor sax and strings were beautiful, simply beautiful.Japanese Roots: the intro definitely invokes imagery of a showdown between two bushido facing each other in a forest of bamboo- and gets drawn out too long- but it soon settles into its own groove.  Reminds me of the work of Noel Pointer and George Howard.Whether you're kicking back reading, exercising or just want a break from the world, this is a very relaxing, somber interlude that'll completely transport you to a quiet, soothing place.  And for free!
Some songs I really enjoy it, such as Mama Mia, When I grow up... Yep, they are good songs and FREE. Recommend.
Smooth enough to be relaxing w/o putting me to sleep while working.Varied enough to keep the other half engaged while working on, what are essentially, puzzles.Good intro to artists with whom I am unfamiliar.Particularly liked &#34;Water Mark&#34; by Mari Fujiwara (cellists).Reminds me of the old &#34;AIM&#34; (Adventures In Music) samplers from the last century. ;^)Recommended.
So how could I not like it???It's soothing (reaaaalllly soothing)- nice for a hot tub soak or massage.Nice background sounds.
love the music but I had to download a new program to open the files ,an inconvenient hassell trying to find the safest program.
creating a calm feeling.  The first song is little heavy others are cool.I like it very much.  Got it for free as well.
Every time I put it on I instantly fall asleep, totally relaxed. Never have gotten further than the first minute of track one.
exactly like it is advertised. Very relaxing music.The price was also very good. i would definitely recommend this music to anyone who needs or likes relaxing music.
I like the music but it's not the best music I have listened to so far. When you listen to this music, you may feel relaxed.
Very enjoyable music, very relaxing, really great for stress. Not safe while operating heavy machinery, piloting a plane, driving a heavy truck or anything that requires your full undivided attention, this music is very relaxing.
I really enjoyed this as background music.  May even take it to my next massage session.  It has a bit more spirit to it than the classical and is better for listening when I really should not fall asleep but simply relax.
Great music to relax and even sleep to. These tunes also make good background music for work just don't let the boss catch you.
Insteresting collection of artist and style of New age Music, and that it was given by Amazon.com for free as a gift
great music..sucky way of gettintg to it..with this cloud thing..what ever that is..how do you drag around your desktop in order to play them back???or log in while driving down the road ???whats up with that??
I am not usually a new age fan, finding the music otherworldly and unsettling, but this record is uplifting rather than unsettling. the selections are beautiful, and I am a big fan!
It is a mix of music that i would hear when getting a massage without the babbling brook.  Not bad, but if relaxing is boring then this does the trick.
I listen it before I go to sleep. They are very helpful. My son like them too. I also load them to my MP3 player.
I am not certain what differentiates this from other classical music, since it includes only classical music, meaning it has been around for awhile. There are no background tracks to provide relaxation, simply Classical music that is familiar to all of us. I picked it up with a discount from Amazon, and am not certain I would be happy if I had paid full price.However, the music is well-played and clear and it has many of my favorites.
not all of it, but some very nice melodies. i dont know about the &#34;most relaxing&#34; but listening to some brings back a lot of good memories and classical music is good for your sould anyway. So put on your headphones, close your eyes, and fly away. I just wish they had included some Mozart, but they didnt.
Quite enjoy this album, use it as background music most of the time and enjoy the quality of the work.
Good Music.. Nice to hear... Works well for meditation or sleep... I would recommend this music for anyone who would love relaxation music...
Good groupings of classical music. The selection lives to its title and is very relaxing, enjoying to hear. Again, Thank you Amazon. A Collection of the Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe.
I thought the music was relaxing, I lisitened to it as I went to sleep. This is the first type of music I have heard.I have only had the music for a week, but I have used it every might.
I was impressed by the amount of different songs in this collection. It's not the most groundbreakingly beautiful performances of each piece, but definitely good listening. Nice, relaxing background music.
Quality music - and very relaxing and enjoyable.  You won't be disappointed with the songs, quality, and peaceful songs in this collection.
When Amazon offers free music, sometimes it's hit or miss.  This collection is definitely a keeper.  Not always in the mood for relaxing, and have versions of most of the individual tracks already, but this offer was a no-brainer.
Loved the selection and how they were arranged to make it seamless from one song to the next song. Overall very relaxing and soothing collection to listen to.
It is indeed a very relaxing assortment of music. Many of my favorite classical pieces are included; however, the quality of the recordings are less than professional. Yet if the cost of the product is factored in it is a exceptional deal (hence the title). My only concern which I have observed so far is Claire de Lune's recording contains background static. This is due to a poor recording (as previously stated) and is a bit distracting. Though as i have previously stated, it is a rather good deal. Therefore, I recommend this product enthusiastically.
Meets expectations.  Songs are relaxing and pretty well known.  Good sample to give someone new to classical music.  I recommend it.
Great music and good sound.  Most songs are very relaxing.  A few were just a touch above relaxing music. x
I just started listening to this album and I am liking it already. I enjoy listening to classical and this is no exception.
This is great music for my meditation practice.  I've been listening to chakra music for over a year and this is a good switch.
It is very relaxing and represents a wide variety of classical music, most of which is recognizable and pleasant to listen to.
Soothing and relaxing! Nice variety of classical music from Bach to Beethoven and many more performed by great symphonies and muscians.
The only complaint I've got with this album is the typo on the album art.  It isn't &#34;releaxing,&#34; but it is certainly relaxing.
I have found it to be good for relaxing or even for dinner music.  It is a lot of good music for a low price.
...but nevertheless this is a fine assembly of classics. There are a few tracks (cant remember which ones sorry) that at times have loud swells, which if you're listening to relax can have the opposite effect. But ignore the title and accept it for the wonderful free gift from Amazon that it is.
Sometimes nothing but classical soothes, calms, inspires, re-energizes.  Nice collection...and it is very nice of Amazon to offer it free!  Thanks Amazon!
This music was offered for free by Amazon and I am able to enjoy it to reduce some stress while chilling
This is relaxing to have playing whilst working on something else.  I doubt that I would sit down and listen exclusively.
I have enjoyed listening to this relaxing music.  I have fallen asleep to this music when ever I have difficulty sleeping.  I will surely let my friends know cause I know they will enjoy it as much as I have. Thanks!
I'm always looking for the right music to help me sleep on a plane. This is a good one for that.
A collection of the Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe was very good.  I listened to it the first time just before Christmas. It was very soothing and relaxing.  I will definitely listen to this again and again. The only drawback was that it went from loud to soft with each song so that I had to adjust the volume often.
Truly relaxing and soothing. Put me in a very mellow mood! I would highly recommend this album to anyone who likes to be put in a mellower mood quickly.
I played this in the office and its not bad stuff. I'm not a big fan of classical but this is what it is..relaxing ..
This CD is exactly as the title indicates, a great collection of relaxing classical music, and a good addition to your music library.
These instrumentals are the original pieces, and some are quite long.  They can start off very soft and are hard to hear on iPod for first 20-30 seconds.  Best played on stereo speakers for full orchestral sound effects. Very nice!
Thank you for making this available for free.  There were pieces I was familiar with and others I was not familiar with but I love listening to classical music; especially when flying, reading email or preparing sermons (I am a pastor).  This was a great offer from Amazon.
Finally a collection of music that does not just focus on one particular instrument or another, (nothing like an album that is filled with 2 hours of pan flute).
There are some music that I connect to for a good slow down on a fast past world, I listen to this everyday or every other day to try and take the stress of my mental draining day.
Helps you to unwind. Nice collection. Needed something new to help me focus on my writing and it worked like a charm.
I got an error message that 3 of the mp3 files could not be downloaded because their names were too long.I can still listen to them via the Amazon Cloud player though. In the filename, the name of the song was repeated twice! Hey Amazon employees ! Fix this so that it is only mentioned once and I and others won't get the error that the filename is too long. I am using the clamz amazon mp3 downloader for Ubuntu Linux 12.04 LTS.Mr. Chris Strubel
I love this stuff! it's so relaxing, and different from a lot of other music that bangs around your head.
It has good relaxing music that I like to play at night during bedtime. Besides that, it's free, how much better can that get.
A decent collection of classical music that most people will recognize.  They have picked some pretty good recordings overall.  For free it was a great find.
great music and recording terrific deal .cant beat it..good introduction to classical music...cant say more than this for now..okay thats it
the classical songs help to keep me in a quiet mood, especially when I I'm tired or I am studying.
Great background music. I don't know about the claim that it's the most relaxing in the Universe. That's pretty presumptuous.
It really helps you relax your body and mind.I used it while reading and it is great, I can concentrate a lot better.
As far as classical compilations go, this one is pretty good.  I'm no classical expert but I do like good music.
the music was wonderful..but how can you enjoy them if you have to haul around my 30 pound computer in order to log into my account..or this cloud stuff what ever that might be..oh well..
Great playlist for bedtime. Way better than counting sheep! Good music, composers, and orchestration. Best part was price: Zero. Fantastic
If you love the soothing classical tunes of music this is one I would highly recommend. I enjoy it. I am going to be looking for more as I have memorized this one.
My partner is a Classical Music fanatic and heard me playing the music made available by Amazon, ran into the room and asked &#34;Who is that?&#34; .  I told her it was an album I got from Amazon for free of relaxing classical music and she wanted to hear more, then all.  She loves the orchestras and the specialty pieces.  Thank You Amazon and thank the composers.  We are elated with this collection.
A Collection of the Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe  Easy listening, inspiring and very uplifting.  Great collection of music.
Not your average hip-hop album. This is the first Wax album I've purchased, and I'd get more. I like how he has different styles of songs, some serious, some that make you smile, some with excellent flow and lyrics, and others that have a punk rock feel.
This is a very fun cd - some lryics are not the best towards women, but it isn;t like other stuff out there.
This is my first Wax album I've listened to and was pretty impressed.  All in all it was worth the money.
Para quien busca sonidos perfectos a la hora de la lectura o para el paseo de los domingos.Muy buena musica
This is a good sampler especially if you like David Arkenstone!He is one of my favorites, so this sampler was a good choice.However, the reason I didn't give this sampler 5 stars is that I already had most of the David Arkenstone tracks on this sampler from other CD's.The other tracks were very good.  Some a little different from what I had heard before.  I liked the instrumental ones better than the one with singing, but that is a personal choice.I have some new favorites now, so it was a good buy, besides, the price can't be beat!
I enjoyed listening to the sampler. Some traditional, some new. Price was right too at free! Good for St Patrick's Day!
Really enjoyed this set of music. I will look for more sounds from David Arkenstone & Friends on Amazon music store.
Was just ok.  I enjoyed listening to it once, then I just never listened again.  I'm more into Celtic punk.
I enjoy Celtic music and liked the ambiance of this cd.  The music is beautiful and some of the slower songs are soothing.  Great cd.
Very pleased with this album. I am a big David Arkenstone fan and this one did not disappoint. A few repeats from other albums I have but overall a delightful collection of those haunting and/or perky Celtic melodies.
I have a few pieces of Celtic music. I don't listen to it all the time but I get in the mood for some quite music. I recomend it.
Nice tunes I down loaded quite a few of the similar music . Nice music to listen to I recommend this
This is a great sampler of celtic music; some are instrumental, others are vocal.  David Arkenstone does great work.  Get it!
I have a high stress job and I got this to play quietly in my office for a little background noise.  It has made a difference.  Not so soothing that it makes you sleepy, but sweet enough to take the edge off some of the stress.
It was free & I'm thinking... with some green beer and some corned beef and cabbage, I am going to be all set. Great sound and did not disappoint!
it is nice irish music and the sound is great from the mp3 stage.  I love all the songs on it
I downloaded this because it was free and I am very glad I did. It is a beautiful album. It is very easy on the ears.
This was recomended to me because I like David Arkenstone.  I really enjoyed the other artist and will look them up in the future
This is a really nice sampler of different styles of Celtic music.  Great for background music during a get-together or just for your own enjoyment!
The cd had some great traditional tunes, the musicians were very good as were the vocalists. I would recommend this cd to anyone who likes good celtic music.
I was very pleased with this selection. Has something for every lover of Celtic music. Passionate, subtle, gorgeous melodies coupled with the deep feeling  and appreciation of the lands from which this music sprang. Highly recommended!
good easy listening and very upbeatliked the compositions from the 3- 4 artists I listened to yesterday and would recommend their works for purchase
You have a nice variety of music to choose from depending on your mood.  Soothing, soulful, happy, you choose the one.
I'm not an avid Irish music listener, but I do enjoy the genre occasionally. This album is pretty good, especially for being free!
This sampler fell just barely short of five stars, because a few of the works were just a teensy bit &#34;over the top&#34; in the way they leaned into the violins for maximum romantic heart-string tugging.  I only noted this aversively one one work, &#34;Ay Fond Kiss&#34;... which to be utterly fair, is _supposed_ to be like that.  Still, it pulled me from my reverie because it was &#34;a bit much.&#34;  Many tunes on this sampler are classics in the genre, and they are all done right.  It's almost a &#34;Greatest Hits&#34; album.I compare it to the 2009 sampler, which I also like.  I'd recommend this work to anyone who listens to Thistle & Shamrock regularly, or anyone who is a fan of David Arkenstone.
If only I could figure out how to download it onto my SansaFuze, I'd be totally happy with this music.
I would recommend the Green Hills Music sampler for anyone who likes Celtic or similar music. Best of all it was free.
I can not believe that this is a free sampler. Every track is a new treasure to listen to. From the Fairy Ring to Ae Fond Kiss, the depth of the emotional connection and the quality of the production are outstanding.
I really do like their music. I've been on a celtic kick since college when my roommate introduced me to it. Good music and you can't get it on the radio in the Bay Area.
Wonderful Celtic music at its best! Great songs at any price, but just happen to get this album for free in Amazon's free section.
Needed St Paddy's music. Price was right, plus with all our other celtic music this didn't have any overlaps in songs. can't beat that. we're ready for our Scottish days next.
Free is good, especially when it's good music. Amazon has a bunch of free music. Just take a look around. The samples are usually long enough to get an idea.
s a long time fan of Celtic music this album is a good overview of the genre for folks who have not listened before, and hey its free!
Excellent choice of songs, very relaxing.  I have many soothing music CD's and to just relax and loose the stress of a busy day this will be my first choice
Wasn't able to get it on my IPOD but listened to it on a friends and really like it...am hoping to get it on mine at some point..great music to listen to and relax..
I purchased this for my daughter.  She enjoys listening to celtic music so I decided to get this for her.
Like the sound and the price (free special) was great. Like listening to this at night or on the way home from work.
It was a pleasure listening to these songs and recommend this album to all. Download process was easy and I was listening in minutes.
Great collection of tunes from the Emerald Isle!  Makes for nice background music and some of the tunes are pretty up-tempo.
Green Hill's 2013 sampler provides an array of really fine takes on Celtic musical traditions.  I particularly liked David Arkenstone's Scarborough Fair with Kathleen Fisher and Andrea Marie.  It starts in the 60s folk tradition as embodied by Simon and Garfunkel's take and then morphs into a more Celtic and rollicking musical presentation.
A joy to listen to for anyone who enjoys Celtic music. I consider this  a great way to find enjoyable music by a number of different artists.
Very enjoyable, I play this for dementia patients. You might need to down load Amazon cloud player, I'm not skilled at playing music on my android phone.
For a free download this was a deal. I really like certain Celtic and this is mostly there. Very calming.
Music is music.  Each one has something to say be it good or bad.  Just because I like something doesn't you will.  I do enjoy the selection of cuts on this sampler.
Listening to this (at least different portions) reminds me of movie soundtracks--mostly light and fun Irish tunes.  That, and you can't beat the price.
Planning a trip to Ireland so downloaded this while it was free. Fun to play while researching the trip online.
It was free and I love music. I have done this before and found songs that I would not have heard otherwise. i thought it would be more like the Celtic Thunder it was not but still good.
I've always been a fan of Celtic music and the selections are quite well done.  Also David Arkenstone's music fits perfectly into the mix...
I really liked the Green Hill Music Celtic Sampler 2013.  The fifteen songs had a New Age feel to me but the Celtic undertones were ever present and relaxing.  I found the music very easy to listen to while reading and my first exposure was when dining.  I wasn't so inspired to strap on my sword and do battle with invaders yet felt at home beside a brook watching grazing herds.  The cost of this sampler was free and I feel lucky to be able to include it with both my Celtic and New Age sections.  I enjoy the energy and positive verve David Arkenstone and friends put into this record.  I've listened several times since receiving it earlier this week, and find the melodies and instrumentation varied enough to keep my attention and my toes tappin'.  Thanks for the opportunity to review this pleasant sampler
gentle Celtic songs, album has nice mix of songs, good album to use while browsing on the computer and internet.
It was free, and I do enjoy David's work. Sure it gets a bit repetitive,but it is a sampler, and sometimes that is the way the mp3 digitizes. Overall, good album and I will be using this for our St. Patty Day party.
I liked this CD alot. It is a very easy listen.. Would recommend it. It is good CD to invest time listening too.
I was quite pleased with the music on the music sampler.  I like David Arkenstone from previous CDs  of his.I have listened to this CD at least a half a dozen times and the music grew on me with each listening.
This is a wonderful sampler which contains all tyes of Celtic music.  This is a good one for quiet listening.  Lovely album to be at peace with yourself.
fresh and new music. comfortable sound, easy listening. My mother has Irish in her family of origin, and she loves it!
i'm not celtic, but do like this type of music. not all tracks was what i would listen to all the time, but this is true no matter what gender of music you may buy, i have other music from Ireland and would love to go there.
nice selection of music.  But sound volume was low.  Music was typical celtic stuff.  This was the first music I downloaded on new fire
Verry soothing and relaxing . Some of the songs are even motivating and fun. Almost as if you can tell they had a good time making the album.
I am always listening to music, and find Celtic music to be an enjoyable style of music to listen to over the day. This album brings together a number of fine Celtic style music pieces that I can listen to time and time again. To my ears it is a well produced album that I think you will enjoy.
I have always enjoyed Celtic music and this collection did not disappoint me. It is a wonderful mix of just instrumental and vocal tracks. I would recommend this to any Celtic music lover.
The music was really nice to relax to. There were not many, if at all of the Irish Jig style music but the more classical type which I like. All acoustic.
being from Boston, I have always enjoyed this genre....  this album is pleasant, and easy to listen to.  I think that fans of &#34;Game of Thrones&#34; will like it , too
All of the songs on this album are wonderful.  The music is sharp and clear, and brings back very good memories of many a night spent at an Irish or Scottish festival.
I enjoy this kind of music so this is a great collection for me.  The sounds are traditional and performed well.
I like Celtic music. This was offered for free to Kindle owners.  How could I not download it to try?Expecting a sample of each of the songs on the album, I was very pleased to get the whole thing.  It's great background music to listen to while reading on the Kindle.  That you can do both on the Kindle Fire amazes me, but I enjoy it.
Beautiful music that is relaxing ...  perfect for those afternoons when you want to be alone and just destress for a while!
I like a lot of different music and find myself drawn to Celtic music from time to time.  This sampler fit the bill, giving me a taste of different artists.  The music allows me to be introspective, calm, connected and uplifted at the same time.  It sings to my soul and that's what I wanted.