This is by far my favorite Chili Peppers album and the entire reason why I gave up my Gibson SG for a Fender Strat.  It has some of the catchiest guitar riffs ever and Flea's bass playing is absolutely amazing.  This album was very influential to me in my guitar playing and introduced me to funk; I was much more of a shredder prior to this release.  As a side note; If Hendrix were still alive, I'm sure he would have loved to jam with these guys!
chili peppers at their best. culmination of the right place with the right people at the right time. they will never get here again
This is what put the Chili Peppers on the map!  Everyone needs a copy of this album.  I could listen to this album for hours on end and never get bored.
RHCP is unmistakable. high energy funk, rap, jammin'. One of my all time favorite albums. If you haven't heard this album, and you like hardcore rock,funk, and high energy riffs, you' ll love this album.
Great album for back then. This album put them on the map 20 years ago, and they've just gotten better ever since!
From first to last, the RHCP's at their very best. A must have album in anyone's collection.
To me this is the best album from the 90's.If you have never listened to this album, it is a must.Flea is a beast on the bass! His skills shine ont his one.Humor mixed with funk.
Blood Sugar Sex Magik is in my opinion one of Red Hot Chilli Peppers Best Albums, From when I saw them Live in PAINTERS MILL THEATER Owings Mills Maryland, I've Been watching their Career develop. Enjoying every album that they come out with. It's their magik style that I'm drawn to. I my 11 yr old son also enjoys listening to their musik as well. Forever RHCP !!!
This is one of last truly rock albums. A must for any real party.  A great addition to any true rock music lover!
I listened to this in whole (not hard to do I might add!) and I was blown away by the new bonus tracks. I always felt like rhcp's albums can go at least 2 or 3 songs more and I was right.... I just wish I bought these sooner. worth the digital upgrade and a must have for true fans.
Ok, so, this album has got to be one of the best ever written. Way ahead of it's time in 1991. I wish the bonus tracks were available for purchase without having to buy the whole album all over again. If anyone knows where to get them, please let me know. BUY THIS ALBUM!!
The Glitch Mob proves once again that they can make an album that is equally well suited as a soundtrack for work or play with Drink the Sea. If you dig some perfectly cultivated distortion, fat beats and catchy tunes, then this album will not dissapoint.
I have to admit, at first I was thrown off by their new sound. But after listening to it a couple of times it grew on me. Drink the Sea is now on one of my top ten albums of all time. The music can set you off in a dreamy bliss or make you bob your head to it's catchy synth riffs and boomin' drumlines. I've always been a fan of their "Crush Mode" era material but this has made me a bigger fan. Hopefully they would come out with an EP that is a hybrid of their old and new sound. If you're a fan of electronic music in general get this album.
I have listened to most of all the original members other beats. While they are good also they just don't compare to the content on this album. These guys need to definitely stick together and I hope this style of music continues to come from these guys (hopefully the departure of Kraddy will not affect the music).
Awesome CD. Nice heavy bass, sick beats, absolutely delectable. One of the best impulse buy CDs I have ever purchased.
Great tunes.  Perfect for many occasions, TGM is a great band with incredible vision and passion.  I would suggest hitting up YouTube to hear a few of the tracks to get a better feel for ANY music you are looking to get into.
It seems techno is going the way of dubstep these days. Which is really sad that more artists would go with the "easy smash your face on the keyboard and print money" method than actually make  good music. The Glitch Mob is the exact opposite. I would place them directly in the middle of Daft Punk, Prodigy, and deadmau5.
I can't believe I never heard of these guys before. I saw them come up on a playlist in IheartRadio and I just knew the rest of the album had to be good.Sure enough it was bad ass.
After buying this album, which is my first by The Glitch Mob, I often find myself saying, "Today, is a Glitch Mob kind of day."Extremely well produced and put together. Mesmerizing beats and interwoven layers will make you see the world in a different way. Each song on this album can stand alone, and yet each song fits perfectly next the others. The entire album is solid.
Title says it all, I love the Glitch Mob and this album is a no brainer if you enjoy music.  I actually owned the album digitally for years and it wasnt until recently when their new album came out that I decided to get the actual CD.  I like to have physical copies of my favorite things (movies, games, Music etc.) So me getting the CD on top of already owning it means its is a must buy.
Cause epicness deserves a home. The Glitch Mob was its home all along. And everybody knows there is no place like home.
No one does Glitch like the Glitch Mob, and every track drives home their mastery of the genre.  Move over Skrillex, this is best that electronic modulation has to offer, and all the while over a well developed musically background.
This album rocks! I love the fact that they don't have a whole lot of words in their music and my kids even enjoy it!
I recently deleted all of my music from questionable sources and this is the first album I could not live without. I had to buy it.
I am not a fan of 'dubstep' or whatever it is that the kids today are listening to. The only other 'techno' type music I have ever listened to was Orbital "in sides". I typically listen to rock, metal and hip hop. That said, I love this album. Great changes in most of the tracks, give the album a very dramatic sweep over the span of the 10 tracks. I can't give an in depth review of the tracks as I'm completely unfamiliar with the genre, but I can say that this album is very fun to listen to and that it keeps me interested almost all the way through. (kinda loses me on the dream within a dream - until the breakdown..).
This album is dubstep without being grating, and mixes more traditional instruments and electronica elements in nicely. Found it through Pandora.
Album was better than expected. Track 8 and Track 9 are pretty good. Nice album art. Sort of Pink Floyd-ish
love the whole album. super excited i got it on sale too, so i win. the whole album is great listening they're all hits to me
This album displays Electronic at it's best. As an avid Electronica fan, I can easily say that this is one of the best albums I've come across.
I get the points made that it's a bit more lethargic than what they're normally known for. Personally, I call it more "moody". I really like it. I've listened to the album continuously for a few days now and it's just as good as when I started. It's all cohesive yet doesn't go stale at any point for me. Being a creative professional, I spend long hours on the computer developing - it's a great companion album for that. If you're into Glitch Mob and you don't NEED to bust out glow sticks every time you play the record, it's a good buy I think.
This is a great album! Maybe it's not for everyone, but I found it to be a robust, booming, somewhat dark/soulful sound. A super change of taste from my regular fair. I want more from these folks.
The glitch mob is a wonderful techno group that manages a good sound without necessitating any lyrics(with the exception of one song). If you like bands such a pendulum or the prodigy, you will most likely love Glitch Mob and I encourage everyone to give them a try.
Great album! Getting the next one.
This is such a good album, if you like EDM it is a must have. I've been listening to it for a week straight.
I love this album. It seems to do all the things I love about techno and skip all the stuff I hate. It's not dance club techno. No repeated voice samples over and over. No crazy high pitched electronic noises. Good beat without being trancy and boring. Just awesome electronic music perfect to be on in the background or to headbob to at work with headphones. It's what I was wishing the Tron sountrack was going to sound like. I just wish they had some more CD's. Can't find anyone else that sounds like these guys that doesn't do the stuff I dislike.
Drink the Sea is an excellent addition to anyone's collection of electronic/dub-step music. They seem to have a slightly darker, more mysterious edge on this album as compared with other popular electronic music out there. What I specifically loved about this piece was the uniqueness of sound, especially their beats. Definitely in my Top 5 best albums purchased in 2012. If you're in to electronic/dub, YouTube them to verify their greatness and then buy them ;)
This album is terrific.  I found the artist through a channel on Pandora.  The different layers of each sing are woven together with skill, the bass is deep, and the limited singing is a nice gesture to mix things up a little.  I've been able to put this album on repeat for three or four hours and still enjoy it as much as the first time.
There is a thread that seems to transition from one cut to the next. This gave me a comfortable feelingfor each cut and allowed me to just seat back and enjoy the composition and reflect inward..
I love this cd but I wish they would lose the female singer she drags down glitch mobs superior instrumental music
This album is absolutely amazing. I love every track. If you like this genre, you simply can't go wrong. Cheap too.
Heard one of these songs on Pandora and ended up getting the whole album. They are great jams for cruising around.
Love this album! I really don't feel that any songs on this album was just filler songs to complete an album.
Love the electronic sound that Glitch Mob puts out. I would recommend this album to anyone who is looking for a good electronic band.
I am always looking for something different and this was right up my alley. I play this on my phone as I'm driving home from work most days.  They are definitely worth a listen if you are looking for a change.
A couple of the songs on this album kept coming up on Pandora, so I figured I'd jump in all the way and just buy the album. It's my first The Glitch Mob album and I haven't been disappointed! I like that the songs are pretty mellow, yet they manage to interject a bit of energy from time to time with more upbeat interludes. The whole album is great for turning on and tuning out the rest of the world so you can get to coding.
I have to say I am blown away. Animus Vox, the first song on the CD, is the only song to ever get me to click the "Buy" button on a Pandora station in two years of listening. I was expecting to come buy just that song, but upon sampling the whole CD I am excited to support the group that makes this kind of music. My heart is racing and I have chills. I'm still in shock that it wasn't a one song fluke. To have a whole CD that can make me feel this way...!
I'm a huge Dub Step, DnB, techno, etc... fan! I heard one song (Bad Wings) on Pandora Radio and was instantly hooked. I looked them up on my Amazon MP3 app and listened to the samples. I love listening to this album when I'm driving alone or just chilling in the basement.
I'm a huge Glitch Mob fan and thought this would be more of their same style.  This ISN'T what I was expecting at all, but I am not complaining.  It is probably the best record I've heard so far this year.  Definitely going to be on heavy rotation in my iPod.
I love this album for studying! It's got a deep, hypnotic beat throughout that I can nod along to while studying.
Great album.  I love each and every song on here.  I play it from beginning to end while I'm getting work done.  Awesome.
This has become my new favorite album to listen to if I'm in the mood for trance. Great beats and excellent sound samples make this a great album to trance out to.
Its like electronica and rock and roll meet in a sound-rich experience of body bangin' rhythms. I never got that into Daft Punk but I feel like this is the next generation of that sound.
Couldn't be more happy with it. Between Two Points had become one of my all time favorite songs and Bad Wings is my new driving track.
This is a great album. I like the pronounced drum beats with a trance like melody overlay. There are lots of contrast making the different elements stand out.
This music is an absolute must have for road trips, large dances, and your average mental satisfaction. I havent said enough good things about this album to my friends, and now they are all hooked as well. The heavy synth and bass/dubstep mix is really interesting to compare to other artists. This really gets me going when working on projects or studying Calculus.
I thin this group is great and really creative, love the combinations of their sounds.I hope they make lots more Albums
I first heard the track &#34;Swarm&#34; while on Pandora and liked it so much that every time I heard this particular track I wanted to hear it again but of course I couldn't.  I searched amazon and bought the album. I like every track on it and can listen to my favorites over and over and over.
I've never encountered The Glitch Mob before, and then one day last.fm decided to throw Animus Vox at me; I knew pretty quickly that I'd found something special.Drink The Sea is an album that's crafted from pure awesome.  The drums in "A Dream Within A Dream" and "Fortune Days" are spectacular, and the electronica in *everything* is amazing.  This is music which washes over you, oozes into your soul, and digs its way into your subconsciousness.  Best listened to with some serious volume or quality headphones, you won't be disappointed.
This was a gift. The response I received was, "This is awesome!" What more can the person say who received the gift.
Love this album! Specifically, love the song &#34;Between Two Points&#34; featuring Swan. This album is both chill and movement inspiring.
I never heard of this band until one day I was flipping TV channels and stumbled across a music video by them.  It was a very chance encounter, as I don't watch music video television.  I'm usually of the Bach, Beethoven, and Brahms mindset, so it is very rare I find anything new to like.Found it.
Awesome album you should listen to Glitch Mob is amazing. I promise you you will enjoy this album to the fullest
Great music! It's the perfect mix of techno and dubstep! It's exactly the type if music I have been looking for!
After hearing their remix of "Derezzed" on Tron: Legacy Reconfigured, I went out looking for more by the Glitch Mob. Their stuff seems to turn up lots of hits on various compilations, but this was the only album I could find consisting of only their work.The album is pretty fantastic throughout -- never too dissonant, but the rhythm never gets too monotonous to bore. The build-break-drop pattern iterates so quickly that it almost gives a melody of its own. Autotuning normally bugs me, but its use in "Between Two Points" worked out quite well, creating a very sultry and beautiful song. "Drive It Like You Stole It," is definitely the high point of the album.If you're looking for intelligent electronic music, I highly recommend this album.
The adventurous music of The Glitch Mob provides entertainment for the countless times you will listen to this album. Personally, I bought this album and it was one of the best musical purchases I've ever had.
The Glitch mob knocks it out of the park with this one.  I'm not the best at describing music, in fact, the best adjective I can usually apply to a song or album is "good".  That being said, this album, and The Glitch Mob in general, are all of the good.  ALL OF IT.
If you like mid tempo Glitch, this is probably going to be right up your alley. After a few listens through, became one of my all time favorites, right up with Acid Crunk Vol 2. Word is they are in the studio right now too. Can't wait for their next release!
First heard one or two titles from this album on Pandora. Loved them. Not quite sure why the hard copy of the album is so expensive, but am ok with just downloading a soft copy.
This is a great album to anyone who likes electronic music. I do wish the CD format was not so expensive however. The Glitch Mob definately have a very unique and great sound to them and their music is catchy as well as lulling. This is just a great album!
Kill tits.. Ok I know I said I'd try harder but I lied. One does not surpass super kill tits in a review. That's the absolute top hands down. No really put your hands down not just anyone can touch these. But the glitch mob can. They can totally touch super kill tits.
Really unique and interesting music.  I like the variety of style on the one album and its just well written music.
I was introduced to the Glitch Mob by a sister hoop dancer who was spinning to "Drive it Like You Stole It" at a weekend jam. Loved the tune and downloaded it for myself, and it quickly became a favored track for mellow flow sessions.More recently, I started listening to Pandora at work, and it didn't take long to find the Glitch Mob channel and add it to my Shuffle.  Many of the tracks from this album are in the channel's rotation, and I've enjoyed every one of them. The title track is one of my favorites.  It's amazing how much more smoothly the workday goes when there's some Glitch in he headphones.
I just got into this genre of music. I heard Fortune Days from this album and was hooked.  Very impressive collection of songs in this album. It's still hard for me to find an album that I liked nearly every song.
As of now there is only a single 2 star review, did the other reviewers get shamed out of their rating?I found these guys through YouTube adventures, and I have never been more pleased with the suggestion.  Usually YouTube couldn't be more wrong with what it thinks I would like.  While I can be picky with what I like, this album has my respect entirely.  The sound is mixed so intelligently and as previously rated by someone else, it never gets stale.  Each song is new and different... to me, anyway.I've listened to this so much, my brother knows it's Glitch Mob when I'm humming to myself.  The smooth rhythms make this good music to listen to when I'm working and thinking because it's nonabrasive while still interesting so not to put me to sleep.  After a month or so, I'm surprised to realize that most of these songs don't have vocals or lyrics.  The songs are so interesting they don't need vocals!  Nonetheless, "Between Two Points" is so sexy and was sort of my favorite at first.  Now it's hard to say because I like all the songs.  Currently I'm favoring "Drive It Like You Stole It".I'm more of a fan of Darkwave or Industrial music among other various and random things but don't like my food mixing.  On the other hand, this album transcends genres entirely creating a vibe that's both primal and futuristic.  When listening, I can't help but think I'm in some new plain of existence entirely, creating new worlds.  This is good music.  I've definitely become a huge fan.
This is an awesome and amazing expression of music. These folks know what you want to hear.... and they have the TALENT to make it happen. Best album I've heard in a while.  It also gave me some ideas And new directions to take in making my own music. I would pay twice the asking price for this. GRRRRRRREAT!
I listened to this album over and over while writing my grad level term paper for my Mississippian Anthropology class. It was very relaxing. Also, great to dance to during my grad student psychotic breaks. :P
My teenage daughter heard about David Choi from her friends and has been playing his songs from Youtube for days. I had to listen but came to like them much better than some songs she played (by so-called "popular artist").  she wanted to download his songs from Youtube. I told her if she really likes an "undiscovered" artist she should support him by paying for his music. I bought this album as the reward for her good grades in the final exams.  She was really really happy!
David Choi is an artist that is under appreciated in our time. His masterful pieces give me more to smile about than any mega star's tunes would ever give me!
I discovered David Choi via youtube when I was searching for song covers, he did an awesome cover of "Hey Jude" and "I'm Yours" among many others.  The real winner and what got me hooked was David's original song "That Girl."  David sounds like a famous artist, has an amazing voice and That Girl sounds just like a top 20 hit!  It's an absolute favorite that I played on youtube continuously.  It was only natural that I buy his CD and his first one (I have yet to listen to that one).  I am really picky about what I listen to and didn't expect to like any of his other songs on the CD, but I am so pleasantly surprised.  "You Can Win" and "Uneasy" are fast favorites for me.  David is so talented, as are many other musicians on youtube, it's a shame what terrible "artists" are out, garnering all the attention.  I love this CD and have introduced David's music to many others, including both my sister and husband--they are hooked.  David creates some awesome lyrics and has such a sentimental, nice way of expressing himself through his songs.  I would say David does remind me of Jason Mraz style of music and Blessid Union of Souls.  I am not a huge music guru but I know what sounds good and David's songs are just too amazing. Also, check out That Girl music video on youtube, it is one of the prettiest videos I have seen in quite awhile...props to Wong Fu Productions too!
If you like the classical jazzy feel of Michael Bubble with the edgy folk melodies of Jason Mraz, give David Choi a shot and discover a diamond in the rough.  I first discovered Choi on youtube about a year ago when I was trying to find covers on youtube to jam to.  In comes David Choi, a very unassuming musician who definitely surprises a growing legion of internet fans.  I thought many of his covers were good, but his original music is just that....very original.  If you need a fresh of breath air in the music scene, check him out and you won't be disappointed.  I haven't purchased an entire album in 2 years, this is one album worth going for!  Enjoy.
If you like foggy mornings, rainy days, intense poetry, haunting notes, and playful chimes - then you'll like this album.
To begin, I must state that I own and have listened to all of Azure Ray's albums consistently. I also enjoy Orenda's and Maria's solo work, but nothing that they do alone compares to their work together. This album is no exception.It is absolutely stunning and possibly the best Azure Ray album to date. The themes of songs remain somber and relatable but still hold that feeling of being poppy. Everything is also kept very simple, an effect that only enhances the attractiveness of the songs.I recommend this album if you are new to Azure Ray and enjoy any of the samples (you will warm up to the rest), and I highly recommend it if you like anything Azure Ray has done. It's great!
So beautiful. The sound effects laden over the perfectly synced voices are absolutely stunning. I feel like I'm floating when I listen to this CD. Just so light and airy, fluffy and warm, I'm floating above the clouds.
I find it odd how rarely I meet people who are also fans of these two women. I cannot think of a band that has given me greater pleasure in listening in the past decade. Maybe Luna, but... no. Azure Ray are the tops.Azure Ray (and the independent work of Maria and Orenda) has spun endlessly in my cd player over the past decade and I have yet to even begin to tire of them. This CD is just as strong and inventive as their past releases, though perhaps a bit more pop and polish.I wish they'd come to Seattle again.
Unlike the other reviewers, this was the first time I'd heard Azure Ray & now I love them! I took a chance on this cd after receiving some Amazon offer for $5 albums.  And I have to say, it's the best $5 I've spent in a long time. I highly recommend it.The voices of Orenda Fink and Maria Taylor sound exquisite together. I can listen to this cd over and over again.  The songs range from the lullaby-like "Wake Up, Sleepyhead" to the acoustic guitar heavy "Larraine" to the harmony-filled "Make Your Heart." All of the songs are a nice blend of acoustic & electronic sounds.While the songs on this album express loneliness and longing, there's something so beautiful, uplifting and just "pop" about their lovely singing that somehow makes me happier after listening to them.  Personal favorites include "Don't Leave My Mind," "Silver Sorrow," and "Shouldn't Have Loved."  Then again, I'll probably have a new set of favorites on my next listen.
I feel the need to come to the defense of this album after having read so many negative reviews on other sites (not here).I follow both Maria's and Orenda's careers closely, as I'm a huge fan of everything they've ever released. When Azure Ray split, I read negative reviews saying their new directions were too radical, like Orenda was delving too deeply into the pseudo-voodoo Haitian motif, whereas Maria kept trying to be a singer-songwriter but sounding too close to Azure Ray. (Personally I loved everything that happened between Azure Ray.) Then Azure Ray reformed, and I noticed that most "critical" reviews claimed the new Azure Ray album sounded too much like Azure Ray. Wait, what?Some people cannot be pleased. I hope these ladies aren't affected by such criticism, because this record is fantastic.And also, to those who think there's not enough "newness" here: No Azure Ray album has opened with a short prelude (track 1), or used a harp (track 1), or a heavy tribal rhythm (track 6), or a chant rather than a lyrical piece (track 6), or a guest vocalist (track 7), or...you get the idea.There are only two things I would change about this album. First, the album begins on such a sunny note (track 2) and then ends so sadly (track 12). The previous albums all had a warm/sweet closing track; not this one. Also, the staccato percussion in track 7 sounds too thin. However, neither issue is enough to merit less than a 5-star rating.Well done, ladies! Looking forward to what's next, and I won't complain if the next Azure Ray album sounds too much like Azure Ray.
Turquoise Jeep crew rocks my world.  These guys are so original, over-the-top and satirical it makes me feel warm and fuzzy all over.I first heard them on #NSFWshow on the TWiT.tv network many months ago and finally went back to listen to a bunch of their songs on YouTube earlier this week.  I couldn't not support them with all the joy they've brought me.  I think this will be the new litmus test for friends; if you don't ride with the Jeep, you don't ride with alphacheez.Previously I wasn't much of a dancer, but my man Flynt Flossy, aka F.Floss aka Flynt Flow Double has shown me that dancing is a great way to express yourself and have a whole bunch of fun whether you look silly, crazy or awesome.  Did I mention I now like to dance?This album has increased my feeling of self-worth and I feel like my contributions to society and the goodness of humanity will be greatly enhanced due to the inspiration given to me by the Turquoise Jeep Crew.Let's keep the Jeep Ridin' y'all.
Arguably the greatest album of all time. Holy crap balls. Best investment you will ever make in life. Keep the Keep Ridin
Lots of great tracks on this album.  They harken back to the days when Hip Hop was about having fun and not shooting someone.  I thoroughly enjoyed this album.
Sorry all musicians of all time, ever to walk the Earth.  Nothing you've ever done, no song or symphony ever composed, no ballad sung, no national anthem guitar solo played ... none of it comes close to the smooth sugar to be found on this album.  Yung Humma, Flint Flossy, Slick Mahony... these guys are melt-your-face good.  And the lyrics are effortlessly better than Bob Dylan's wildest dreams.  Forget Dylan, Shakespeare reads like a herd of cats walking on your keyboard compared to something like "Treat me like a Pirate".If you were stranded on a desert island and could only bring one album with you for the rest of your life, if you don't choose this one then you are basically a deaf hyena.
Although these guys take a comedic approach to their music, the music is still really good. They clearly have an understanding of how to create melodies and catchy hooks. The singers are more talented in a traditional sense than the rappers, but the rappers carry the comedic load. I really wish a physical copy of this album was available. but I will settle for the MP3 version. Supporting independent artists is REALLY important. I want these guys to blow up, but only if they can sustain the integrity of their music.
In today's music economy of dwindling sales, instead of crafting more new to-be classics, many of the revered artists (including Barbra Streisand, Rod Stewart, and Barry Manilow) have gone back to revisit the past. Regardless of what that says about the current state of music today, the past is indeed a treasure trove to mine. For their first album, Turquoise Jeep has decided to traipse the songs from the 80s R&B era that have been personal touchstones for Flynt Flossy, Pretty Raheem, and international pop sensation Slick Mahoney. Nevertheless, instead of prostituting himself by singing them karaoke style, Tummiscratch Beats has deconstructed them, imbued them with his patented nuances, and skimpily dressed them often with just fat beats. Perhaps his sessions with Rick Rubin have rubbed off on him, Diamond has stuck to the adage less is more. Though this is mostly a downbeat stripped down affair, Diamond sings them with a quiet passion that is uplifting and heartfelt. Nevertheless, song choices are somehow safe as Diamond has chosen some of the more well known songs from the rock era including two from the Beatles ("Blackbird" and "Yesterday"), Leonard Cohen ("Hallelujah"), Leon Russell ("A Song for You"), Randy Newman ("Feels Like Home") and even himself ("I'm a Believer").
This is a really nice collection of artists you probably haven't heard of.  I'd expect no less from Blood Shot Records
This is a great mix. I download a lot of mixes and then put together my own mixes, so even if I get only one or two songs that I like from these free mixes, I consider it a score. This mix, though, is all good, so all the better. This mix is rock/country/rock-a-billy- lots of feeling and original sounds.
I couldn't believe this was a free download.  Full songs of real music.  No over produced formulaic American Idol junk.  Great album.
This and the other Bloodshot Sampler (Bloodshot Records Label Sampler) are two of my current favorite free samplers.  You get to hear music performed by some of alternative country/R & B rising stars and popular performers you may have forgotten. If you like this genre, you won't be disappointed.
Lot's of new music, some by groups I know and a lot I don't know but now will check out. thanks
Great music and a nice mixture of bands that I had never heard of! cool!Check it out for yourself! Enjoy!
Sampler opens with Jon Langford singing 1234Ever. Sounding better than Nick Lowe with more grit and better musicians. Great track.Track 2 is Justin Townes Earle singing country on a track called Harlem River Blues. Good song.Whitey Morgan and the 78's play Buick City. Great sounding rock a billy song.Track 4 is Ben Weaver playing Drag The Hills. Windows Media Player codes the Genre as Folk this track is simple and strong.Andre Williams is next playing That's All I Need. WMP's Genre is R&B;, this is a nice track strong spoken vocal over great slow beat.Track 6 is Blacks playing I'm In Love. Not the first song to  be called I'm In Love, this song is strong enough to hold it's own with the field. Good vocals great sound great track.Track 7 is Graham Parker yes the Graham Parker(of GP and The Rumour) singing Weather Report. I'm not sure what he's doing on Bloodshot Records he sounds the same as always, same voice same sounding songs as 30 years ago. Great track.Last track on this too short free sampler is Deadstring Brothers playing River Song. Noisy brilliant song. Singer does sound a little like Mike Jagger but he's not.This is a great quality free sampler from Bloodshot Records. Some variety all good songs download now onto your massive hard drive while stocks last. You will not delete many tracks.
I have to say that this is the best collection of Teresa Teng songs released. If you like Teresa Teng you will love these songs. I have loved her beautiful performances on YouTube and these songs are her best work.
I recently found out about this singer who died young and I really love her voice.Amazon MP3 purchase is very convenient.
This is an amazing collection of her songs in different languages (Chinese, Japanese, English, Cantonese, and Taiwanese), in different time periods of her long, successful career and singing styles. She was the most popular singer in Asia ever, with recording of almost thousands of songs in many languages. This collection is a very good representation of her talented work before her unfortunate passing. Although I have been listening to her songs for decades, there were some in this collection I had never heard before and was even more amazed by her talent and willingness to venture into songs she was not known for. A true "Lover in Heaven - Teresa!" Highly recommended!
Great Quality! Listen to this CD everyday and love it! Get this if you aren't sure! Kinetik by Phutureprimitive is sick!
Just the sounds I was looking for.  I like Diplo/Mad Decent, Nero, Bassnectar,,,  this is a great addition, with some edgy synth and polished sound.  Take note music industry&#62;&#62;&#62; yes I do buy music on Amazon after hearing a song I like on Pandora.
I discovered this cd through an online radio station which offers a greater array of music than what's offered over the air. I try to listen to different types of music and found this well done. Although highly electronic, it has an organic feel to it, possibly due to some live instruments, subtle voice inclusions, and breathy keyboard sounds. I've heard other music in the same style but it was more like they found a "cool" sound on their keyboard and just laid it over a drum track. Kinetik has the same type sounds but you can tell some time was taken in the arrangements. Not only beats and bass, but technically good too.
Impressive! I play a little myself, and the hard thing to do is put expression and emotion into your music when playing an electronic instrument. This guy shows you that it is possible. The low-end synth sounds are gritty and textured and each track is layered with interesting rhythms and effects. I give it five stars plus a WOW!
I have heard a few of this artists songs. The music is truly eye opening. I had to buy the album because I really enjoyed their music.
i like them but the other almblum of this group feels good as u drift off asleep made for things to keep
bought this for my sons girlfriend and she absolutely loved it. She was so happy that she stopped what she was doing and put the cd's on we also bought the Skyworld and I think that is the one that she played.
Beautiful, clean electronica. Lifts me to another place when I listen to it. And it takes several listens to feel the flow and depth of the album.
It's rare when I get an album and enjoy every track. I love the mix of electronica and dubstep. This stuff is simply epic. Phutureprimitive got another hit with this one.
It's been a long time since the release of Phutureprimitive's first album, so I was very ecstatic a couple weeks ago when I first learned that he did indeed release his second full length album.  The music on Kinetik has certainly changed, but I would mostly agree with the others that the dark ambiance, which makes his music so good, still flourishes. However, much of the tribal influence is unfortunately missing this time around, which is a shame because I love that sound when it's incorporated into electronic music (eg Juno Reactor).  Instead of the tribal percussion prevalent in Sub Conscious, Kinetik relies primarily on a standard kick drum and clap/snare a la dubstep.With that said, I still thoroughly enjoy this latest effort, and he does use many of the same techniques as before that captivate the listener.
westcoast bass music. gave this to several people over the holidays. i absolutely, positively, love it - can't say it enough.
Killer album with a very sexual feel.  No literally, it's base off of the feelings, sounds and emotions involved in having sex.  Which also makes it a killer album to have sex to.  It starts off slow, gets intense and ends with cuddling.  You think I'm joking, but I'm not.
If you are looking for an album with the same sound and style of his earlier work, you will be disappointed with this album.  If you are looking for good music, you will not be.  I don't know why he cast off his psychill roots completely, and it is disappointing, but at least his new style is still good stuff.  Much more dubstep than psychill, there's a lot of bass and a bigger sound.
I previewed this album and bought it thinking it might make a nice addition to the music I listen to as background music while working. It's great for this purpose, but it is also so well made that I listen to it at home and in my car too. It sounds great and the songs all have a lot of variation, so you can easily listen to the whole thing through and still want more!
If you want relaxing, put you to sleep electronica cuts skip this album. This thing is anything but a snoozer. Heavy bass, skip beat, reverb and more, it's all there.  This album is what has spiked my interest in the electronica world. Where have they been all my life! The last cut brings it all down for a soft landing. After that, you're going to want to click repeat and experience it again and again. Ready for one hell of a ride? Buy it, crank it up and enjoy.
I stumbled upon this album a while back and fell in love with it. Great from start to finish. Highly recommended.
I just started listening to Phutureprimitive, and I love this CD. I like Dubstep and House, but not when it's not just beats. I would be more inclined to call this a progressive alternative trip-hop meets dubstep.
Having listened to the last album hundreds of times, I always wondered if there would be another.  I didn't even bother to listen to the samples, I just bought it & downloaded it & was very surprised & awed by their talent!  If I had to describe it, it seems like Drum & Bass was slowed down to produce a wholly different kind of music then add in their signature sounds that identify the band.  An amazing & talented band here & I guess seven years since the last album has been worth the wait. I just hope it doesn't take another seven years to hear the next one!
You have to have robot ears to hear it but its the best electronic music thus far.  You Buy Now
This is one of my favorite albums of all time, right up there with Hybrid's Wide Angle.  If you like progressive, artfully put together, motivational mind moving music then do not hesitate adding this album to your collection.
This is one of the most innovative electronic artists I have listened to recently. He is right up there with Heyoka. This IS NOT the same type of music as Pretty Lights or Skrillex, this is more of a grunge electronic funk.
I have their other two cd's from this band or group phuture primative and their first one is subconscense which is a little simpler but still good,the remix cd is good too.this is great for those who go to all night raves or night clubs its this style of music.
"Xotica" is possibly the "sexiest" piece of electronica you will ever hear. Many beautiful and intricate soundscapes on this album.
just enjoyable all the way around. Great beat, sounds and a stellar find.  Definitely will look for more from them
Phutureprimitive has taken the best elements from their previous albums-their distinct tribal/eastern sound combined with hard hitting electronic feel- and combined them with the popular sound of the day. Dub step feel, along with some more contemporary synths- as can be found in infected mushroom, dj joker. Overall I was highly impressed. The biggest critique I would make of their album is the repetitiveness of some of the tracks. Compared to Sub Conscious, however, Kinetic is much more advanced as an album. Diverse sound, eclectic electronic feel, heavy dub (but not over done), and catchy rhythms. Five out of Five. If you like electronic, techno, dance, dubstep music this is an album to get.
when applied to the ear using a full spectrum sound system. Great chill music or motivational music. Definitely some original style :)
awsome beats, great for a hard workout, high energy electronic beats...some what similiar to shrillex. albums are progressively getting better from this artist.
This entire album is exquisite. You could play the whole thing from start to finish without the desire to go yo the next song. It's sad when it ends, you want it to keep going on and on. I highly recommend.
I play during dance class and the students all comment they like the music...  Personally I love it.  Starts with a funky high energy sound.  At the end of the album there are times it can get mellow dramatic.  All and all it is smooth and easy to listen to.
This entire album has a nice feel, the tracks seem to blend into one another.  It almost feels like jazz or lounge music for robots...I don't know why!  Seriously, it's good stuff.
I listen to a lot of Glitch Mob, and while enjoying Pandora one day, I got the pleasure of listening to Cryogenic Dreams from this album.  I was instantly hooked.  Some of the songs are powerful and some of the songs are mellow, but it's not every day I find an album which I can enjoy fully.  I listen to the whole thing at work, straight through, on repeat, and love every minute of it.
This is interesting listening. Being a songwriter and recording at my home studio I may try this out. New to this style of music, but really liking it.
Awesome heavy beat and relaxing ambient waves.Great stuff again from phutureprimitive.Love listening to this on Radioio Ambient, decided to buy the mp3 for my collection.
A great album for any time.  Definitely one of my most fav albums.  I highly recommend it for anyone that likes Dubstep.
I have been waiting for something new from this musical project since Sub Conscious and I must say that I am not at all dissapointed. This is a wonderful electronic masterpiece. Deep moody bass, tribal atmospheres, and just all around immersive music that is full of emotion and intention. Highly recommended to anyone who appreciates good electronic music with some soul in it.
The entire CD makes me think of a bunch of scifi android related things. I mostly think of androids being created in an assembly line, or when the droid 'wakes up' and is processing its surroundings. It is create for the active imagination-- and for writers, I think. There are no words/lyrics used except for like one or two songs, but they are just in the backdrop.  It has such nice sounds, and good rhythm.
Okay so maybe some or most of the 60+ crowd might not get into this but I have yet to come across ANYONE under 45 who likes to dance who does not DIG, DIG, DIG this music.  I have even heard little kids beg to go to sleep to it thumping in the background because they don't want it to end just because its bedtime!  Rain really developed his own genre -its a bit slower and just a tad more chill than typical club music but it isn't as heavy and dark as typical dubstep.  You can actually blast this at home any time of day and 'do' stuff.  It has elements of all kinds of great DJ music with one underlying theme:  he understands the power of kick a** beats and sounds that will never go out of style.If you are becoming a Phutureprimitive fan and haven't yet: - check out the Bluetech/ Phutureprimitive remix of &#34;Oleander.&#34;  Kick back, close your eyes and let the Gnosis begin!  ;)
Great mix of tunes and solid artist! I would recommend this to someone looking for new artist! check it out!
Bloodshot Records downloads: always cool, always different, always great(bad puns notwithstanding).Track 1 is Borneo by Firewater. Very neat shakin' hips striding down the road drums a playin' song. In your face great pseudo political lyrics and chorus. Love it.Usual Suspects by Ha Ha Tonka up next. Country Rock that rocks w/repeated song title chorus, cool band. Very nice.Harlem River Blues by Justin Townes Earle is track 3. This track was on the Bloodshot 2010 sampler, still sounds great, rock a billy-ish song bopping along.Next song is Intertwined by Maggie Bjorklund w/Mark Lanegan. Weird combination of 2 voices that do not seem to complement each other. Plodding bass behind voices.Eddie Spaghetti with Sundowner is next. Eddie races through speedy country number. I ain't dancin' this fast for any gurl.Track 6 is Scott H Biram playing Sinkin' Down. Great country voice on old style song. Steel guitar and strummin'. He has an 18 wheeler cab on his web site.Already In Love by Exene Cervenka is next. This track was on the Bloodshot SXSW 2011 sampler no reason not to listen again. Cool smart lyrics over very nice sound including some trumpet. Great song.Track 8 is Blacks with I'm In Love. I have heard this track before. Great vocal singing slow and deliberate with boisterous band playing along until the chorus that truly rocks. Love it. (and I'm not)Dex Romweber Duo play Jungle Drums. Messy thin high energy track. Great frantic vocal over band playing one instrument at a time. Country Rock n Roll. Cool.The Detroit Cobras play As Long As I Have You. Neat song. Brilliant threatening vocal slick band bit'o bass keeps it strong. Nothing fancy. Love it.Cody's Dream by Mark Pickerel is next. Telling a story vocal, band along for ride doing very well nicely put together song.Ben Weaver with East Jefferson is track 12. Guitar pickin' male vocal speaking his lyrics, 2nd voice just about participating in the background. Nice Folk song.Track 13 Scotland Yard Gospel Choir with Tear Down The Opera House. Two minutes of punky band and singalong vocal. Great little track.Last track is Bobby Bare Jr with The Heart Bionic. Great Roadhouse sound, vocal and band that rocks along. Band stops and starts for the singer to speak we don't care this song rules.On the heels of the 2011 Spring Cleaning sampler Bloodshot slap us around with this great collection of country, rock, folk & stuff. This is a better sampler download now you will not delete much.
Nice Sampler: Luciano Pavorati's performance of &#34;Nessun Dorma&#34; actually reduced me to tears. You need this CD. Even if you think you don't, you do.
The Allegro Classical Fall 2011 Sampler is just what the title says, a classical sampler for everyone. I enjoy classical music and I really enjoyed listening to this album on my Kindle when I traveled to China recently. I would recommend this album to all music lovers.
I REALL APPRECIATE THIS SELECTION OF FREE  QUALITY ESY LISTENING ITMS THANKS AMAZON !!ITS IS A GREAT ADDITION TO ANY MUSIC COLLECTION AND IS VARIED ENOUGH TO PLEASE ALL
The classical music albums on Amazon are simply amazing--beautiful works performed by accomplished musicians around the world, and all for so little money! This entire album cost less than I used to pay for one vinyl record not so long ago. Put this on your Kindle Fire and play it while you read, or play it on your computer while you work. Just enjoy it and if you are a music lover, thank your lucky stars for the god of technology!
I love most all of the Allegro samplers. Great album to download. I have several and enjoy listening to them all together, I then have uninterrupted  hours of good music.
I enjoy this collection of classical type music. I like some songs better than others, but they are mostly enjoyable.
It's funny I just went to a recital for my nephew and he played a piece by Chopin. This is a lovely collection of masterpieces. Enjoy.
Love this music! Very relaxing and great quality. Thank you Amazon for offering free! I recommend this music when you have a stressful day.
A good selection of music, nicely performed.  Good audio quality.The album will add more diversity to my playlists.  Worth the price.  :-)
Again this Allegro Sampler like all the Allegro Samplers is an excellent listen and a well put together album.I can listen to it over and over.
Never expected a free album to be so great. The music is so soothing and relaxing. Glad I downloaded it. Will definitely come back and download the new ones when they come in!!!
This is of the up most relaxing music to listen to while I work.  Very pleasant to relax with during and after a hard day.
This Sampler is really great, I listen to it while using my TruStepper.  My Cardiologist order, I must use the stepper daily for a minimum of 30 minutes.  I found it difficult making the 30 minutes because looking at the clock defeated me.  However, this classical sampler is the tool that helps me to stop focusing on the clock and it lets my mind drift.  Before I know it  the 30 minutes are up and I have a happy heart.
A sampler is a great way to enjoy different artists and their music without buying a lot of albums. It is a great background to a working environment.
This collection is packed with some of the best of the best when it comes to the baroque classics. I am not a great scholar of the classics, but if you enjoy listening to them like I do; you will enjoy these.
I love this recording, and have been a fan of classical music for years, and it gives me a nice selelction of  different kinds, singing and different musical instriments.
Can't beat the price.  The music is very pretty and it a very nice sampler.  I like to listen while I read and it is excellent background music.  It was free so...
The man, the legend, the race track, the soundtrack. Motivating comforting inspiring. Although some tracks are not included they belong to other antonio pinto works
This soundtrack is great and the music matches this great movie especially the theme and God versions.Its become a trend for motion picture soundtracks, not to have all the songs played in the movie. Especially those soundtracks which have one main composer for all the background music tracks like this one. When viewers like something they heard in the movie and when they don't find it on the soundtrack list, they scramble all over the internet looking for the name of the song. Why don't they include all the songs played in the movie in the soundtrack?I came here looking for a song I heard in the movie when Ayrton is flying the helicopter. In case if you are also looking for the name of this song, its called "Bob Edu K Remix - Otto Bebel". Many thanks to "mr_geez" from "[..]" for this information.
Contains the vast majority of music from the film.  The first few tracks are fast, the last ones more quiet and somber.  Much like the movie, the music really speaks to me.
This soundtrack is just fantastic.( Actually it reminds me a bit of the soundtrack of SOLARIS, same athosphere. Also great driving music, if you go on a long trip, take this music with you.
A truly talented Irishman, JVM satisfies his fans (for now) with an EP to tide them over.  The live version of already classic songs are especially well done.  Definitely worth a purchase for the collection of any fan.
James Vincent McMorrow is one of my new favorite artists. After hearing Wicked Game on SYTYCD it has become my favorite song of the year.
Powerful music, James Vincent McMorrow delivers once again a timeless hit that fills the room with emotion and forces the listener to understand him in such an elegant way.
I liked it. It was good sounding. I enjoyed the music. I enjoyed the notes that were played and the order they were played in. It sounded good. Good music.
Great EP from Knife Party... biting beats you expect from knife party.  EVERY song is a keeper, ZERO fluf.  A great EP for any EDM fan.
&#34;Centipede&#34; will have you raging your face off.  Great songs to workout with.  Awesome get hype music.  Knife Party puts up a strong fight against Bassnectar for my favorite dubstep artist/group.
I an a Diehard Pendelum fan, since Jungle Sound Gold.  I love this spin off band Knife Party just as much.  They have a free download of a recording on their site that is a great mix too.  I look forward to future releases and hopefully a vinyl release other than the Nero remix.
I am a big Knife Party fan, listened to all 3 EPs as well as some of their Ultra/live shows. Knife Party brings another great EP full of their signature hard sound. I can't really say that I like this album more or less than another, as they all are equally awesome. A track by track breakdown:1. Rage Valley -  The title brostep track is a great start to the EP. Very high tension and a wonderful drop.2. Centipede - Honestly, this is probably my least favorite KP song on the entire EP. That doesn't mean it isn't awesome though, a 100% brostep track with nice spoken word vocals.3. Bonfire - This might be my all time favorite Knife Party track next to Tourniquet. Reggae style vocals combined with a hard beat and a breath-taking drop. Simply amazing.4. Sleaze - A very pumped and ominous track. Great manipulated vocals, an awesome moombahton/moombahcore drop.Overall, this is an amazing EP to add to your EDM music collection. If you've never heard them before, I recommend checking out Knife Party's other EPs 100% No Modern Talking and Haunted House.Here's looking forward to the first Knife Party full length album!
So i was on an impulse shopping spree- clicked on the cover because it reminded of mortal combat and I heard the sound. Very sweet.
I really liked the variety and quality of the music and especially liked Centipede and Bonfire. But this if you like Skrillex
Heard it on iheat radio and bought. Plan to buy the rest of the albums. Good beats fast which I need for my 3rd work. Keeps me going fast on days or nights.
I was very mainstream music before knife party . I was a skrillex nut mad this has broken me. 4 amazing songs that amp you up.
Their imagination to mix the sounds of reggae with dubstep (probably not the only ones that do that), but as well keeping a good level of EDM basic elements, make this couple one of the most catchy in the last 3 years.
Incredible EP Knife Party has yet to release anything that I haven't loved. This EP will pump up your work out or your party whatever you need it for. Highly recommend this purchase!!
EDM veterans Rob Swire and Gareth McGrillen from the popular Drum and Bass group Pendulum have dropped their sophmore release as the act Knife Party, The Rage Valley EP. This EP was highly anticipated after the bang-up success of their first EP, 100% No Modern Talking. Rage Valley delivered on all fronts. My expectations for this album were met within the first 2 mins of the title track.The EP contains four original tracks;Rage ValleyCentipedeBon Fire andSleaze (formerly known as "Until They Kick Us Out") Ft MistajamCentipede is the breakout dubstep track from the album, proving that no one does this flavor of EDM quite like Knife Party. While Bon Fire brings the dub vibe in full effect.My only criticism of the album is that I wish it was longer. I've played those four songs over and over way too many times already. Still not enough to lose a star. 5 stars all the way.
Amazing i reccomend this album to everyone that enjoys EDM or dubstep or music in general, theyre even better too see live.
They know what they're doing and it shows! If you like anything that makes you want to get up and move, then this for you.
I never know what to say about music....If you like electronic and dub, and want something with a high BMP to get your blood pumping. You can't really go wrong with Rage Valley.
Had this EP for the longest time didnt seem to Comment on its awesomeness lol. But yes ALL of the EP's I own by them are fantastic and hope to see some more releases. These all have a hard Style Drum and bass familiar to their old DnB Band &#34;Pendulum&#34; they all have tracks that have serious Rythms and Sick drops. My personal fave is Rage Valley.
Rob Swire (Pendulum) is an incredibly talented musician. On the most famous album that he's made, Pendulum's 'Immersion,' it was very clear that his skill was far-reaching. He made this very obvious with guests on 'Immersion' such as In Flames, Liam Howlett of The Prodigy and Steven Wilson of Porcupine Tree.Which takes me to the review of 'Rage Valley.' Knife Party is an interesting departure for Swire, as it leads him into the world of dubstep. However, he brings with him the same intensity (maybe more?) that he displayed in Pendulum. 'Rage Valley' contains four of the hardest-hitting and catchiest dubstep songs out there, highlighted with Bonfire, which was recently featured on Breaking Bad.Bonfire and Rage Valley are powered by incredibly catchy melodies and heavy, brooding beats. Centipede leans more on the simply brooding side, and Sleaze is a heavy, bouncy dancefest.Just get this EP. It's amazing.
Love Adam Young of Owl City!  This is a cute happy, pick me up song and if you're in a bad mood this song will change that!  Nice blend of techno, electronic music.  Vocals blend well together too.  Can't wait for the full Owl City album later this year.
I really liked the duet sound in this song.  Their voices spud good together. Another song hit for Owl City.
My daughter loves this song. My daughter plays it all the time. It never gets old, I guess. I like it too.
This is a great song ... i love the beat. It is one of those songs that you don't mind being in your head and you find yourself humming while doing other things.
This song is awesome. It is so upbeat and fun to sing along and dance too. I absolutely love this sing!
Great Band and great song! Love that they collaborated with carly for a fun song :) its always a  #goodtime
The song is a nice, clean, simple song. There is nothing about drug, sex, or any of that sort of "bad" behavior. It's all about having a good time. The beat and lyrics are easy to listen to. The song isn't exactly enlightening but then again, is wasn't made to be. Once again, it's a nice simple, clean, easy-to-listen-to song.
Another song I just can't.. (no matter how hard I try) get out of my head! Love owl city and Carly Rae has one of the sexiest voices around.
This song is not meant to have deep lyrics or a story. It is what it is. A fun, catchy pop song that is great to dance or bop around to for a "good time".It is very upbeat, sing-along, and non-intrusive and can get you moving whether you're cleaning the house, walking, or just hanging out.A fun addition to a playlist of feel-good songs.
Great song for when you are in a lousy mood:) Makes you cheerfull and happy. Listen to it every day.
"Good Time" by Owl City and Carly Rae Jepsen appears to be an uplifting song about living an exciting and good life. The collaboration between Owl City and Carly Rae Jepsen works because their voices are carefully harmonized with the chorus lyrics "It's Always A Good Time."  "Good Time" by Owl City and Carly Rae Jepsen is best for those who like musical tracks about living a fun life.
I loved that it is 60 minutes long and very calm.  I use it for Tai Chi class and it is perfect.
This was a Free gift from Amazon. Nice price ! Great for back ground noise..or on a road trip. A must have
I listen to these tracks from time to time whenever I want to just sit back and relax.  My son seems to fall asleep to them too.
I hadn't heard from many of these artist's before and generally &#34;relaxing music&#34; tends to sound a bit generic to me after awhile. This contained a nice variety, with enough difference between the selections that it was interesting to listen to. I was pleasenty surprised and glad I took the time and effort to download it. I recommend it even for those that aren't driven to listen to chill music.
Im a massage therapist and this is one of the favorites for relaxation.  I like the time limits on the songs as well.  Very relaxing compilations.
I have anxiety attacks as a vehicle passenger and downloaded this album because I love Native American flutes.  I found the melodies relaxing and love the way some of the songs bleed into each other almost seamlessly.In addition to relaxation and meditation, this would be excellent for children's nap times.  The sounds definitely induce somnolence.
I am a Meditation Instructor and use this music for my own meditations. I will purchase more of this in the near future. I do use the music too for my three year old son to relax at night before bed. It helps him calm down and we enjoy our bonding/relaxation time. AWESOME!!
I wanted to find soothing music to fall asleep by th a t would sound like my massage therapist's office. This is great! Listened last night and I was asleep within five minutes. At some point, I will listen to the rest of it.
Perfect for yoga, meditation, & massage.  Was a random find and a good one at that.  But my clients love it so that was th true test!
This music is so relaxing!  It takes you to a nice relaxed, comfortable, smooth state of being.  It is a great tool as I study.  I must buy more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very nice relaxing music to stretch to... Or to sleep to... or to work to, if you don't have anything particularly important to do.
Excellent this is in rotation in my music. You can't beat it for the price. I recommend this for relaxing.
Love it - great songsand easy to download. I love being able to download to the Cloud and accessing it anywhere!
I love this album! It doesn't put me to sleep but it does help me to concentrate and meditate. Great variety of music.
The music is really nice for yoga and for it is great to fall asleep to! As a very pregnant lady, it is nice to have something to relax to :)
Perfect! I suffer from migraines and most relaxation music tends to hurt my head. This didn't at all and I loved the sounds. They are very calming.
this is a great mix of styles and i have found that i like it for reading. it also was a good album to learn what types of music are best for reading/ my personal likes.
I discovered this cd-sampler by accident last week when it was advertised for free.  This is NOT one of those moments when you say to yourself, you get-what-you-pay-for!This is a beautiful 17-track of relaxing instrumental that have will easily set a very somber and peaceful mood not more than 2 minutes after you hit play.I've literally put this on and didn't realize that a couple of hours had passed as I peacefully went about my work unaware that it had repeated.If this is still free as you read this, I strongly recommend that you pick it up, if not I wouldn't be hesitant to recommend anyone willing to spend $10 for a set of songs that will bring tranquility to any environment.
I love this because I can not only use it for my clients but I can use it for myself to meditate to. I love that I have an Android and it goes where I go!
I downloaded this album to have some relaxing music for a long airline flight and to listen to while relaxing on a beach. I don't think I could have picked a better album. Each track is very different than the others, so it doesn't just sound like one song slightly altered to be different. Some have a more Asian influence, others are more like sounds you would hear from birds and weather at night. Some have the sounds of water, others are more instrumental. So relaxing, you'll find it can easily put you to sleep, even in the middle of the day. Just wonderful music!
great music and free? that's awesome. brings me peace during meditation or any time of the day. Thanks for making it available.
very  effective in helping me relax and I fell asleep right away.  It's a must have at the side of your bed.
Very nice and soothing music! It's great for when you trying to relax at bedtime or if you just want to clear your mind!
For free, what is there not to like?  The music is very relaxing and helps me destress after a very long day at work.
This is a great collection of music.  My favorite is &#34;Honesty and Truth&#34; - it's 11 minutes long and perfect for a meditation.
Great music to listen to. I use it to fall asleep to and it is very relaxing! I am still on search to find more similar types of music.
Calmed me down in less than 2 minutes! Lovely stuff! Highly recommended for those people seeking peace in quiet noise.
Got this free as a gift. Helps put me to sleep and is very relaxing. Great with a joint as well.
Great album when you are reading, working on you computer or relaxing.  I really enjoyed it.  I am glad that I found it.
This is one of the better albums I've heard for relaxation.  I'm happy with the way it sounds. I'm not a meditator, but it would probably be good for that as well.
This is very relaxing. We have a dog in our area that constantly barks, this totally eliminates the frustration at night. Shuts out all noise and relaxes!
Amazon is the GOLD STANDARD for eCommerce! I don't understand WHY others just "Don't get it!" EX. I was at UrbanOutfitters yesterday shopping for St. Paddys gifts for my daughters but I wanted to have a card added for St. Paddys, but got a BUNCH of BOGUS "form" reply emails where it was OBVIOUS that Customer Service didn't even READ my email! And apparently UrbanOutfitters have employees that don't have #knowledge #Skills n #Abilities writing in the ENGLISH language to write a SIMPLE message or Have small Hallmark-type cards to add to the shipping boxes. HEY!! &lt;- I paid shipping n handling BUT apparently this doesn't include any PERSONAL touch! #FAIL!So Amazon, keep up the cutting edge! u like Google, been revelent still and a transformational Co creating THIS Space, not mySpace but Ecommerce space excellence since the beginning!! Great idea, great job. Surfs UP! BEST TO J BEZOS!
I really love it! Simply great for any type of meditation. I use it daily for my meditaion and play more than one track.
Basically I need to go through the rest of the tracks, but so far the first few have been really nice to listen to in an approach to find a subtle background noise that aids in my designing mindset.
I purchased this because I needed something to listen to do while doing homework. I'm a junior in college and my grades has  dropped dramatically. I can't focus on my assignments so with this it allows me to just mellow out and put all my focus into my work. It does what I want it to do, relax me.
I been searching for music for my practice and now I found nice, relaxing music to play during my sessions.
This is a wonderful piece of music for meditation and relaxation. I use it for my yoga practice. It is perfect for a meditative, slow flowing yoga practice. The tracks flow very well from one to the other.
I tried playing this for my horses while they ate, it had to relax them because it really does it for me!!
I love this CD.  My husband and I trade massages and we always have this CD playing in the background.  The music is relaxing and calm.  I especially like the lute.
This mix is great for a mixed 1 hour class of hatha or vinyasa. It is worth the download for sure
I have many meditation / contemplation CD Albums, but wanted to explore other stuff.  I am amazed at how good this album is.  The cover is very &#34;dorky&#34;, but the music is unbelievably good -- well, I believe it now. Someone did their homework in putting this sampler together.  The various music cuts are from several albums (that I am now going to explore) and the sounds produced are amazing.  Everything about the music and sound quality on this CD are first rate -- sit back listen, let the sounds carry you into your inner worlds of imagination and see the beauty of life.
I listen to this when I need to de-stress and relax.....and the beauty of it is that IT WORKS.  So glad that I have this on my device.  I listen to it several times a week.  I love, Love, LOVE it.
I never upload this kind of music before and its so peaceful to listen to. If you need to relax an sit awhile you should upload this music.
Was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this download. Loved listening to it. Will definitely be listening to this download on a regular basis.
This is a great album to meditate to. It has helped me feel more relaxed and at ease, it is one of my favorite to meditate to.
This is great for true relaxation. Once turning on the music, I was relaxed and the environment was conducive for either a chakra-lining meditation session or a good nights rest. Would definitely reccomend to others.
I am so glad I came across this album. It is exactly what I was looking for - relaxation music that was not classical music and solely instrumental. I am loading this on my iPod and bringing it to the hospital with me when I give birth, to help to relax me. And it was free! Thank you, Amazon!
Been looking for light relaxing music for just winding down the day and or getting a good stretch in. This is perfect.
I play this on loop while writing both fiction and non. It's kind of brainless relaxing music that I feel opens up the channels of creativity and lets me just pour the words out onto the virtual page.
I had some Amazon credit to spend towards something and I picked this one.  I sometimes have trouble sleeping so I thought that I would just give this a try and see what happens.  Not really sure that it has helped or not because I've been having other problems but the music is very nice and calming to listen too.
I love listening to this on my Kindle after...1) I have worked all day (I am active duty Amry so I work from 5am until 5pm.)2) come home and done 3-4 hours of homework (I am working on my Master's degree.)3) made dinner for my family.The music is so soothing that I am lulled to sleep like a baby.
for a free CD/mp3 this is great with good tunes for relaxation. Use this every night to relax myself to sleep
Very relaxing.  After being up for over 24 hours,feeling as if in ato-pilot, it helped calm my mind down so I could go to sleep:)
If you have trouble falling asleep this is an excellent album to use.  I have it on my Ipod, set the volume low; then it's morning.  Great product!
I put this on when I need a little extra soothe to get to sleep. I also feel like I'm almost about to get a massage. Like the point when you are lying on the table before the therapist comes in...it's pretty nice
I got this free a while back when Amazon was running a promotion.  It's a good mix of 'Relaxation' tunes and is totally worth the ~$4 price as of this writing.  If you have a high-stress job/lifestyle and need some music to attempt to unwind to, this may do the trick.
This one really helps me to relax and center myself.  I just put it on and meditate, let the world slip off my shoulders.
Very relaxing I listen to all the time to just relax.  My 5 year old graddaughter wants to put this on every time she stays with me.
I was looking for some meditation and yoga music.  This collection is perfect for it and at the perfect price.
Very beautiful, soothing, peaceful, traquil, and relaxing. Oh and its FREE!Very happy with this. Great way to unwind. Great for meditating.Reminds me of being at the spa :)
This was a freebie at the  Amazon MP3 store so since I love to relax in between Metallica and Ozzy songs this was a no-brainer it is a very relaxing recording.Thank you Amazon
This is an awesome collection for relaxing. I frequently listen to it while practicing yoga.Lots of native flute sounds. Try it!
Can't beat the cost and get great relaxing music to either reflect too or just have on as background music.  Now I can move from my Gregorian Chant to this when needing to be a bit more centered in my life.
Need help relaxing? Then perhaps this might be of some interest to you? Nice blend of soothing sounds from different musicians. I tend to like some of the stuff from India with the sitars. Good to listen when you need some down time. Would not recommend if you are in the car and are the driver.
Both my wife and I love this music.  As the title says, it is very relaxing and is great while doing my yoga.  Now I just have to find it in CD format since not all of my players are MP3 compatible.
This album is great for just relaxing or even before you go to sleep. Its a great sampler and I think every one should get a copy.
Music is great for yoga or meditation, but best of all is the fact it's free! Definitely recommend this download!
Exactly what i needed for bedtime meditation. I love falling asleep while listening to these peaceful sounds, and use this while driving to relax during nightmare traffic also.
A very nice mix of music.It is very peaceful and calming a good way to start or end your day.
so peaceful, and best of all, I got it free....sucks when it gets into my workout playlist though! What more can i say? lol
I've listened to many relaxing music collections to calm myself when anxious or after a long day, etc.  This collection is not only solid, but it is from different artists-kind of a best hits for relaxing music.  I like.
I really enjoyed this.  A few years ago I was working third shift at a data processing company and I was looking all over the place for music just like this that would calm me down after a long "day" at work and all I could find at the time was an album of Gregorian chants.  The songs on this album can really help you unwind after work.
This is absolutely wonderful!  Wife and I love the South American flutes in it.  I use it to go to sleep at nite and it works.  It is in fact VERY RELAXING!
This is great for relaxing to when you want to quiet your mind but not necessarily fall sleep. Very soothing. It's a keeper.
great for tia chi workout.  soft and slow. very relaxing.  I highly recommend this for tia chi workout. and free too!!
I got it for free and do enjoy it very much-especially the selection called Kingdom- it is extremely relaxing and calming!!
This music is great for everything from relaxing, studying, driving and or calming down the kids. I enjoy the music very much and I suggested it to other friends. Thank you for this great music and your awesome talent.
Very relaxing to listen to after a long hard day of work.  Often listen to on my trainride home and have found myself waking up just one stop before mine.  Well worth it.
The music is actually quiet good.  It's similar to the music I hear from other Massage places.  Very relaxing and you can't beat the "Free" price. It was just icing on the cake.
First of all, it was free. Having said that, it is an excellent mixing of music that I hear at yoga class and while getting therapudic massages. It actually did lull me to sleep, and that to me, is great relaxation!
Theres nothing like a perfect mp3 download and this is certainly it!  Thanks and i do look forward for more!
Can't beat free for massage music. I needed more music for my business and this came in handy. Massage music can be a hit or miss, but this is a hit.
LOVE IT! I use this to fall asleep almost every night. I use it to relax and almost every time I listen to it I end up falling asleep after a bit.
Let's face it. We live in a hectic, dissonant, cacophonic, and downright disturbing world. In order to maintain a sense of inner balance and sanity, we need to escape it occasionally. This collection brings a measure of sonic respite from the world around us and does so at an unbeatable price--free. At that price, you can't afford not to get this one.
I got this album in order to relax and mediated. it fast got to be my favorite to herring in the morning.
Very nice relaxing music.. lots of flutes, guitars and nature sounds..some Native American music, which I love..can't beat the free price!!
Was in search of a CD of relaxing music similar to what my massage therapist uses. This is the perfect combination of music to relieve my stress. I use it for stretching after exercise and also to help me relax when I go to bed at night. Sometimes I put it on when I just need some calming down time.
This is a true sampler with music being drawn from many sources. There is music from Reiki, native American and Andean flutes, Massage ragas, Nature sounds and relaxation music, Spa music: Tibet, and several other albums. The album cover is misleading. The music is relaxing but not necessarily for meditation [in the traditional sense.] The music flows easily from song to song, even though many different albums and several types of music are represented. You don't need to meditate to enjoy the beauty of this album.
This CD is very relaxing and wonderful for meditation.  It is exactly one hour long so you don't have to worry about timing yourself while meditating.  Once the music stops, you know that you have meditated for one hour.
So glad I found this! It is wonderful and relaxing. Your soul just relaxes when this plays. Great for background when on the computer or reading on your Fire or playing games. Just love, love, love it!!!
I could not believe how this music relaxed me.  I've recommended and told everyone I know about this product. I would recommend everybody to sample this they will be glad that they did.
Very nice, serene and soothing music to study to, I like the flute and the sounds of nature. I will play this album at home and in the office. This music is calming and therapeutic for everyone.
Great collection of relaxing music to end a stressful day.  Use it for yoga, meditation or quiet reading.  Thanks Amazon!
This album has some james taylors greatest music. The old days seeing him in concert brings back many memories. Great. Great Great.
This CD is amazing. It's a nice track to work to, sleep to, or just relax to. Highly recommend it.
This is a wonderful sampler for massage or relaxation.  My clients have commented on it and it promotes relaxation. Can't beat the price either.
Felt like I was right at the spa! Would recommend this product. And the price was definitely right! Very good sounds
This collection is very soothing. I listen to music while I sleep, and this is great! Great price too! Thanks Amazon!
This is nice, smooth, and calming. Perfect for a spa day at home if you can. Or burn sir candles in the bathroom while your taking a bath, and just relax.
I really like it and help me to meditate.  Do download and you feel good.  Love it a lot!!  Try it
Love the music ! When I just want a nice and quite time I just turn this on and it is wonderful
Really relaxes my mind and calms me down in the midst of anything. I could be in Times Square NY and this would just soothe my soul. I would recommend.
Nice freebie from Amazon!I like listening to things like this when working on tough projects - helps me stay focused.
I got this a credit and find it relaxing for a light nap. Good selection of music to unwind after a hectic day.
Great music! I listen to it almost every day when I am reading on my kindle fire, doing yoga OR/AND when my kids are a little crazy at bedtime. Seriously, this music puts them(ages 10,7,4) to sleep within minutes. That is a Namaste victory for this mama!
I needed meditation music for kids, which their adults could buy if they wanted to do the meditation at home.  This works for those who are internet savvy.
I don't usually listen to meditation cds but this one was so nice and serene.  Even after it was over I continued feeling so at peace and calm.
If you are looking for nice relaxation music  to fall asleep to....this is it! WONDERFUL! I will be purchasing a couple more albums soon
I cannot believe this music was free on amazon.  This is by far, the best compilation of relaxation/meditation music I've heard all on one album.  It's great background music for working, or for helping you fall asleep, doing yoga, or meditating.  The songs are an eclectic mix of various world music styles, but not so different that they break your concentration or distract you.  I highly recommend this album!
Love the tracks on this album. I'm a yoga instructor and play this album when having a relaxing and restorative yoga class. Thumbs up!
Very relaxing and mellow mix for massage therapy!  My clients love it. I was impressed by the quality.Excellent price
This is similar to what you would hear if you were getting a massage or facial. I did not try it while meditating but it is pleasant in the background when doing something else.
Very nice calming songs for the home and during the winter time. I very much enjoyed most of the songs with a few exceptions.Perfect for massages, spas, and calm environments. Perfect for the home as well.I have it on my cloud and it can be accessed easily to my iphone, ipod, tablet, or even ps3.It was free on top of all this!  Very nice - check it out!5/5
don't know if it is still available but if it is, you will love these tunes that serve to put one in a calm state of being. Thank you Amazon.com for having this available. Hope everyone can get this.
This is lovely to listen to--very relaxing. It is perfect to play during the yoga class I teach. My students have said they like it.
This is a perfect cd of music to relax with.  I find the instrumentals very soothing & I'm really enjoying it.
Songs with lyrics can get your brain singing along, and catchy beats and hooks get your toes tapping.  Sometimes, like when I'm trying to write, I need my mind and body focused on the creative activity, without distractions.  Unfortunately, silence can be distracting as well -- so this music is the perfect 'middle path' for creating a pleasant, productive, and non-distracting audible environment.  Like burning a lightly-scented candle for your ears.
I would definitely recommend this to take the stress away...very relaxing and soothing. Don't hesitate, just enjoy. I was looking for something calming and this was perfect.
I am under enormous stress and trying to find holistic ways to handle it.  Relaxation & Mediation does that.  It provides a healthy, healing alternative.  I highly recommend this.
Great for background music, music to sleep with, or music to read to.  I like that there are different music types
This CD is perfect while teaching restorative yoga classes!  The flute is calming and relaxing and not overwhelming.  It has a good variety of music in addition to the flute.  This is my second Massage Tribe CD and love them both!
Very relaxing and perfect for yoga, working, meditating and all around ambiance. This was a random and enjoyable find, and free at that!
This product was very relaxing like the title says. I would recommend this CD for anyone who would possibly like to Meditate or possibly try Astral Projection. It was worth it.
This muscic is really pretty and peaceful to listen to. I play this when I am winding down for the day.
Very relaxing!  I listen to it at night and I can easily relax and get ready to sleep.  Besides, it was free!
Great ..I loved it alot of music and really good. I need 9 more words words that it was great and free
I don't have a lot to add to the already excellent reviews others have written. The music is very relaxing, and the quality of sound is superb! Thank you Massage Tribe and Amazon!
I think this is a great sampler. I play it in my office and people just come by to sit an listen. I have even had requests to pep it to other offices LOL
Bought this for a rainy day in the camper.... talk about RELAXING!!  Also have it on my Kindle Fire - just put my ear buds in and close my eyes, breathe deep and I'm &#34;outta here&#34;.
Excellent music to read and relax to. Sometimes you just want to block out noise and this does the job without being obnoxious.
It is nice music to listen to.I got it because it was free and I listen to it at work to block other noises. Recommend you listen to this before buying another one.
If you are looking for music that will ease your tension and calm your mind, this is a disk for you.  Give this a try if you seek something to help you relax and be a happier, healthier person.
I love relaxing my mind body and soul it brings me so much peace and i feel so refresh i can sleep better and get up with a ready mind....thank you so very much...
I love listening to this at work when I'm stressed or have a project that really demands my full attention.  I really works on relaxing me and improves my focus.
When I have a huge paper that I have to work on that sends my stress levels through the roof I alway put this on and it helps me stay calm, clears my mind of anxiety, and lets me focus on the task at hand.
This is wonderful for relaxing and meditating and also for listening as you go to sleep.  I am enjoying and using regularly.
i love putting this on before going to sleep to help me relax and take my mind off the events of the day - would highly recommend it!
Thank you Amazon, for such a great gift.  At this time of year it is all too easy for corporations to only see the &#34;bottom line&#34;.  But sometimes stakes a little give in order to get.  Thank you for a little peace on my earth.
Good music for relaxing moments. The tracks have good quality and they are in a good number.Hope everyone may enjoy the quality price ratio has I did.
Not often you get something worth having for free, but this freebie I found in the music offers for my Kindle Fire HD is a gem! It's become my &#34;fall asleep to&#34; music, extremely relaxing.
This was a free download and I am impressed! Whoever edited the selection this a great job. I notice the free Amazon samplers and other mp3 offerings have been high quality and enjoyable.Many of the tracks were excellent and did not have a negative reaction to any track.And just as soon as I can crawl out of the plethora of free downloads and Amazon Prime offerings I'm sure I'll follow up on these artists.
This is great relaxing music to meditate to or just to sit and listen to when you feel stressed or uptight..very nice..
Our dogs listen to music while we're at work all day, and sometimes the local classical music radio station doesn't come in. So now they listen to this great relaxing music while they're home alone all day. I will also listen to it sometimes while cooking (it's in the kitchen) and it's great!
Very calming and peaceful tones. It didn't hurt that it was free either!! I would definately recommend this to other people.
When I'm having a particular stressful day at work I listen to this and it helps me to have fewer panic attacks and I'm much more productive and more relaxed at the end of the day!!
I find that Native American and Indian flute melodies aid in relaxation. I simply wasn't born with a "stop worrying" button. This album helps. I don't so much listen as I absorb the wavy sounds. Who knew so much could be done with flute, lute, guitar, rattles, chimes, and a bit of rain, wind, and crickets? I especially like that there isn't any piano, which tends to take away from traditional flute and lute music.I usually give a listing of favorite tracks in my reviews, but I can't this time. As I listened to the album, as I do on my computer much of the time these days, I continued to find that each song was special in its own right. "Night Song" is the most singular for flute aficionados. "Peaceful Rainstorms" is the only piece with water sounds included. "I Wish To Visit Delhi" provides a distinct international flavor that remains gentle, yet provocative. None are fast-paced. All are strictly instrumentals.My only complaint is that, for a album claiming to be good for relaxation, meditation, spa, and massage therapy and by "Massage Tribe," the masseuse was not included!I purchased this album during a search for another relaxation CD. Check out the other one I bought at the same time. It "says" that it is for children, but my vote is that I can use it just as well.Sleep Like a Princess (Exclusive Amazon Digital Sampler for Sleep & Lullaby Music)
Some pretty fantastic music here and for free. Doesn't get any better than free. Aside from forcing to install the the download manager thingy...which isn't too big of a deal so long as you haven't put the CPU slowing and without us approving its installation of hidden spyware....then its all good. You didn't, did you?
I was suprised to find such soothing music. Each piece is equally calming and relaxing.  Unlike some music that one minute it's fast paced and another much slower - this is consistently soothing throughout.
I love this music. I use it for my Yoga practice or when I feel stressed at work! Includes different sort of music.
I'm a licensed massage therapist, and always looking for soothing, unobtrusive music. This is perfect - and it's FREE!!! Can't beat that!
I am enjoying this music during my yoga and studies.  It is a good mix of flute, guitar, and other instruments and the shifts are subtle and smooth not blunt.
very relaxing. I use it to meditate or just to relax as a background music. I also play it when the kids area little too excited and it helps them calm down.
I have a modified yoga routine that I do after the machines and free weights to stretch and cool down. There is always a tv on and other women in the room using the equipment. This can make it hard to concentrate on the poses. I put this on my clip zip player that I just bought and used it on my last visit to the gym. It was wonderful. The music immediately calmed me and put me into a &#34;yoga frame of mind&#34;. I was able to completely ignore the destractions around me and concentrate full on the poses. The rhythm is perfect. I would recommed this to anyone who wants a peace & calm inducing selection of music.
I can feel my body responding to this tranquil music.It gently brings me peaceful relaxation as my body lets go of stresswhile absorbing these sounds.A wonderful gift to send to some one you know.
So unbelievable that this was available as a free download!  The collection includes a great variety of artists and song selections.
Wonderful music for meditation, Yoga or Tai Chi practice or for simply relaxing,  I often play when I amr eading or working on an artistic project.  Would definitely recommend to others.
This is wonderful to just do nothing too?  Just sit back close your eyes and breath.  Take time and enjoy.
A must have for your collection. It truly relaxes you so you can go into a deep meditative state of well being.It makes it much easier to let go and focus on your needs. It assists in quieting your mind.
I am really enjoying this album - very relaxing to listen to any time of the day :)  I was amazed that it was FREE!
This is a very relaxing collection of artists. The music takes you into a relaxation mood. I would highly recommend it.
I got this cd because I was having a hard time sleeping one night and I was browsing amazon and I found this relaxation cd and it was free! I was pretty skeptical but as I started listening to it, then the  snoozing. I fell asleep. Very happy.
I have never been big on massage or meditation, but when I saw this sample for free, I figured, why not?  It's very relaxing, and I have it on in the background at night while I get ready for bed.  It puts me in a great state of mind and prepares me for sleep.  Thanks Amazon!
I play this album from my phone to help me relax for sleep every night and am usually asleep before the first song is done. Seem to sleep through the night more often too; but both could be due as much to prayer as to the music, since I fall asleep before I say, "Amen", too!
I love this music, very comforting.  Good &#34;buy&#34; (it was free).  I would purchase at a reasonable price.  Relaxing and good on a rainy or lazy day.
This album is VERY relaxing. I couldn't do yoga while listening to this album though. It makes me feel like I am melting away. Thats how relaxing it is. It's worth a listen!
Guitar music, Native American flute, Tibetan. Bowl music.  Nice to sample different styles of tunes for TM. Very relaxing. A++
I listen to this all the time at work and it keeps me focused. Great music! It's also a great way to unwind at the end of the day. Also, if you have trouble sleeping, it may help you out.
I am very pleased with Relaxation & Meditation.  This is very beautiful music that almost immediately calms my mind and allows me to relax and find my inner peace.  I wish I had this before.
recieved through online download.  was immediate.  great blend of music for relaxing and chilling out. would definitely recommend to all smooth jazz fans also.
Professionally produced and performed by talented musicians.  The songs segue easily one to the next.  Music to center oneself by.
I downloaded this for free for a girls spa weekend.  It was a hit, we really enjoyed being able to relax while we had a massage and did our nails.
Great relaxing and very soothing music. Wonderful to rock the kids to sleep to as well as soothe the adults to sleep too.
This is music amazing and works through out all the kinks in your tired soul.  The best relaxer of all.
The music is professionally made and excellent for my brain and body to experience.Listen to individual tracks, in track-order or on shuffle for best results.
I was looking for music that I can practice Tai Chi or Gong Fu routines to, and this collection fit the bill perfectly! The songs are quite relaxing and fluid, and keep a relatively even tempo from one to the next. And running for an hour long, I can complete a very slow routine without having to stop and change music in between movements. Not to mention, *free* is always a good thing!
Need to zone out on your headset, but don't want to drop $10 on a full album of songs? This is your answer! Quality meditation music to relax and restore you!
This was a free download and I'm always on the lookout for new music in the massage room so I downloaded it without too many expectations. I thought I may find a gem among the hour long set that will lead me to a new artist or album. Instead what I got was an entire album that I love. I've been playing it constantly for several weeks now and have not tired of it. No one track stands out as exceptional but rather I wouldn't want to lose one track off the entire set. I've even recommended it to other massage therapists since what's not to love about great, free music?
This is an inspired collection of wonderful music, and a good introduction to the works from which the excerpts are taken.  Thanks for the great gift, Amazon!
for an hour, play it, close the door on the world & relax, its all that simple.  great meditation music.
I really enjoyed this and it was just long enough to play while I got a nice massage. The music was so relaxing, just like the album title says. :)
I love the sounds of the flutes and use this album for meditation and doing my yoga.  Nice background music.
Sweet sounds, tranquil time just before bedtime are TOTALLY possible because of this awesome music.  It literally puts me to sleep every night! I never get tired of listening to these beautiful sounds :-) .....AAhhhhhmmmmmmm!
I've never been one to listen to the New Age style of relaxation music, all the tides and birds,etc. This one is different as it is more Native flute and some guitar, orchestra. Sound quality is very good (I don't have the best speakers in the world, but..)and the sound leveling keeps the stronger parts from becoming jarring. I've listened to it at bedtime and during the day while working on a project. It seems to flow well and isn't distracting.
Ahhhhh....it works. I didn't even make it halfway through before I fell asleep. Comforting to where you can feel your cares slide away.
This album is great for playing in the background for massage, energy work, yoga, talking with friends... It's quite lovely.
I got this as a freebie, and the music is great.  It is spa-like, relaxing and smooth, with flute and melodious tones that make great background music.
The sounds are very therapeutic, healing and makes you feel like you are whisked away to a retreat! 5 stars!
I was looking for meditation music as I'm learning about Buddhism and practicing meditation. I'm not an expert on this genre if music but I feel like it was doing the job for me. Sure, most of the songs are short but when playing it on iTunes I don't notice the difference when it stops and when it plays a different track. Maybe I'm deep into meditation? Lol. The music is so soft it's hard to tell when there's a break in between. I dig it.
Love this music. Plays on my iPhone and it's awesome. Great music for relaxation, meditation and of course for sleep.
Enjoyed it very much.  Will use it a lot of the time.  Especially nice when I'm creating art or knitting.
I am very happy with the selection of relaxation tracks.  I would suggest downloading.  I can't believe it is free!!
Got this as part of  .99 deal.  well worth it!  I love to listen to it at work, or use it for meditation.
Soothing, calming - perfect for small kids who just don't want to go to sleep! Plus, couldn't beat the price (free).
I got this when it was offered free and I have really enjoyed it!  I play it when I drive in to work and it helps to keep me calm in the Miami traffic!
After listenning to the music, I feel a little sleepy. Overall this is a great low-price music. If you look for bargains, then this music should be a good choice for you.
This is really excellent music for yoga, massage, meditation and it's fantastic background music while working. It is very soothing music. It also made my dog pass out (and no it wasn't from boredom). Nice job Massage Tribe and Amazon!
I love playing this on my headset while in the airport or at night when I go to sleep.  Very nice.
Very meditative and relaxing, cant beat the price of this CD, I enjoy music that has no words, flute music, birds, wind in the trees, rain drops. This CD has a lot of that.
This MP3 download is excellent. It was my first ever try in downloading music from Amazon on my own. Also, the price is right - free.  Many thanks to Amazon for the offer.
love this music! if you want something to help calm you then this is the buy for you! meditation works wonders!
i was browsing music and this came up as free.  i can tell you if you have problems sleeping due to noise etc just put this on something wiith some headphones and you'll go right to sleep...very calming and relaxing...thank you amazon for your generousity...
I loved this relaxation music MP3. Definitely a New Age style with a &#34;Carlos Nakai&#34; type flute and soothing guitar. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for an aid to sleep or complete relaxation.
Makes me relax instantly. Great for daily use. In a time of stress this is what you need. Perfect for using in a car to become calm.
This download is perfect for meditation or just a background at home anytime.  Nice introduction into artists who offer just the right sound for my yoga practice.
This is a great album for a calming the work or reading background or for a simple and quiet mediation.
Excellent - this collection of songs is great for background meditation music or just for general relaxation and for unwinding before sleep
I enjoy reading when I am on the machines at the gym but the gym music and sounds are overpowering.  I enjoy this music as peaceful background while I read.
Was looking for Yoga music - the kind they play during actual Yoga sessions and came across this free sampler. About 1/2 the music was too &#34;lively&#34; for what I wanted to do, but all the music was good. Will definitely look into the albums and music of many of the artists on this!
I find the music on here very calming. It's also surprisingly free, so you really have nothing to lose by either downloading it or playing it from the Amazon Cloud Player. Definitely recommended!
I love when I find meditation music that is sweet & gentle-- nobody talking... Just flutes and ( I can't remember !)You can't go wrong  with this ... And I do believe it was free on Amazon...
It is the perfect relaxation music!  It was just what I was looking for in a relaxation and meditation CD.
This is a great collection of music to have to make the world just disappear. Great for listening at the pool, in the hot tub, or just relaxing in a bath.
I found the music very relaxing when stressed. I use it for meditation and when I am reading a heavy book.
This music is very relaxing I put the music on more so when I go to bed I feel like I am at a spa. I play it for my Husband on nights  we find it hard to sleep.
hooked right into my massage chair . I listen to it often. For free it can not be beat. I would probably spend a dollar for it.
Yet astoundingly effective. I really was suprised and made serene by the waves of gentle music. Please do not hesitate to listen.
But absolutely nothing is better than great and free!Peaceful, great music that relaxes the soul as the body!sam(antha)
This compilation of relaxing songs are diverse, but still share similar elements. Overall it creates a perfectly serene and peaceful mood that takes you away from the strife in daily life.
This album has some great music. I use it while sleeping and it really helps me relax and sleep well.
This album is exactly what I was looking for. Great audio quality and music selection, and free is always great!
I think I downloaded this one for free and I have to say, the music is just wonderful!!!  Its calming, and beautiful.  I must say, I am really glad I got it!
You do not want to listen it in your car.  It will make you so relax it felt asleep at the wheel.
Now i really like this. i think i could fall asleep peacefully to this.  I can not wait to meditate for the first time!
Really enjoyed playing this music while working. Kept me stress-free and productive. It was soothing without putting me to sleep.
Lots of soothing and original songs.  Really like this.  I have downloaded quite a few new aqe music from Amazon since some are free and the ones that are not I didn't mind purchasing.  The prices are good and especially when there is a sale.
I listen to this before I go to sleep many nights, it seems to help turn off my mind.  Nice music for that.
This music is absolutely AWESOME. Very good for relaxation. I recommend all message therapist purchase this CD. Their clients would enjoy it.
I'm a frequent flier and find myself listening to this CD often in order to drown out cabin noise.  Great CD, very relaxing.  Often, you get what you pay for but in this case I was floored with the product (since it was FREE).  Download it.... you have nothing to lose.
It was for free via fatwallet.com.  It's great! I couldn't ask for a price other than free. It's worth it.
I really like this cd a lot.  It has a nice mix of soft sounds from nature and various music instruments.  It is good for relaxing, sleeping, or just to play while reading.  The only thing puzzling me is this:  the volume level is extremely high when compared to other music I bought from Amazon.  Thats weird, because this is supposed to be a meditation/relaxation album.  But its still five stars to me, as long as I turn down the sound when it starts playing.
Fresh and free. These are the perfect sounds for relaxation, massage or anytime. You're crazy to miss this! You can't miss on anything by this creative artist!
This is a fabulous collection to meditate, take a bath, go to sleep, or just listen to while working.  Honestly, this is my go to collection for all four.  I highly recommend this if you're looking for music that can help take the stress out of your day. It has just enough variety that it doesn't feel like the same track playing over and over again but the tracks do flow into eachother.  I also appreciate the balance of musical instruments and nature sounds.Thank you Amazon!
I loved it.  It was exactly as titled.....relaxing!  And you can't beat the price when it is free.  I would recommend.
This 60 minute sampler is perfect for time to unwind and destress any time of day.  When you meditate in the sounds it allows your body to relax and harmonize and brings a refreshing calmness and peace.
a great music compilation for relaxation and meditation - as a freebie a truly unbeatable value in deed! Strongly recommended!
Chose this CD because I find that the whole family benefits from calm soothing background music in our home as we relax.  This is a nice, variable collection.  Love the Asian Spa track.
Will be using this background blend for my yoga class.Nice flow and transitions between sets. Download this incredible value.
I don't have time to write a full review, so will just say that I am happy with this purchase
I have been searching for ways to relax and de-stress, and after I bought my Kindle Fire I started looking through the music available and came across this.  It's beautiful!
Where other samplers might end songs early with a fade-out or put music together that does not blend well, this sampler matches different styles of music that are all extremely calming.  I perform mostly relaxation massages, and this music is my most successful at lulling my clients to sleep on the table.  The sound is high quality, performed and mixed expertly.
Music this peaceful is easily listened  to while writing, working or meditating. A great find in a season of spending! It's free and wonderful!
I first downloaded this sampler to play on the Metro while commuting to tune out the other passengers and put me in a good mood to start the day.  Now I play it while walking on the treadmill.  It makes the time go by fast and your mind is refreshed and ready for the next responsibility.  It was a free download so I had nothing to lose.  I would have paid full purchase price for this album.  Listen to the sample selections and enjoy!
Excellent cd.  Very relaxing. I like every track. Makes me fall asleep every time. You will not regret buying it.
Beautiful,relaxing and tranquil. I meditate to this daily and find that it helps me slip away easily. Great bath/bedtime music too.
I have enjoyed using my kindle for white noise when I am not able to have a fan over at a friends. I has helped me to sleep soundly.
I purchased this sampler on a fluke when I saw that Amazon was offering a free download. Nice way to relax.
This sampler is wonderful when meditating. I love the airy quality to the music, and the fact that it segues from one composition to the other without changing the mood.
After listening, I'm relaxed. What's the point in elaborating. I'm so relaxed, I may nod off before I can finis .. . . . .zzzzzzzzzzz.
For this free trial of relaxing music that indeed helps me unwind I thank you I hope I find other great treasures like this
Perfect. Just like it says - relax and meditate. Unlike some, this actually does have a variety, not 60 minutes of the same thing over and over yet nothing that will interfere with just letting it flow by as you drift off...
This is very relaxing music.  It has a very calming effect.  Getting it for free was great. Thank you Amazon.
This one is so soothing -- I'm glad I downloaded it.I listen to it just before I fall asleep.
This album is interesting enough for careful listening, but also a great background sound with which to unwind at the end of the day.
I needed some music to help me relax and this is it! It reminds me of what my spa uses when I get a massage and the music is soo soothing. You also can't beat that it's all FREE! So awesome, just what I needed and for the best price around! Thank you!!!
I wanted this to help my wife get to sleep at night. I find it soothing and relaxing with nice flute sounds.Very soothing.
its very peaceful, soothing and soft music. I simply love listening to it before sleeping or when stressed or meditating.
Soothing sounds with no particular melody or structure. Puts me to sleep it is so relaxing. For instance, the first selection is a flute with strings softly playing in the background with other sounds.
Very relaxing music. Can't believe it was free! Highly recommend this for yoga, meditation or massage therapists. Five star review!
Soothing to the soul!  I sometimes listen to it to sleep.  I would highly recommend it if you feel stressed or simply want to play some relaxing yet non-intrusive background music when working.
I have enjoyed this entire album, thank you. I was surprised to find this in the Free section at Amazon. Keep up the good work.
Very calming and relaxing. My favorite is A Healer's Hand (From &#34;Reiki, Massage & Zen Flutes&#34;). What a calming song!
Every night, I sink into a bath, light some candles and turn on some music. This CD has snuggled its way into a comfy spot in my premium home collection. I would say that it ranks among the best in its genre, and plays in my home theater at least once in every two week cycle.
I am a pregnant with my first child and this album is what I need to calm my breathe and spirit~Love it
Great value, great relaxing music.  I thoroughly enjoyed it while unwinding at the end of my day.  Good nature sounds
This is the second album I've heard from Four Tet the first being 'There is Love in You', which has been a staple for music to relax to, read a book to, or meditate with. Four Tet's methodical layering of unique and beautiful sounds is unlike any other electronic/ambient artist I've heard. Perfect transitions between themes provide the listener a consistently relaxed mood, but are also interesting and engaging. Looking forward to much more from Four Tet.
This is an album released as it was created. As many folks have mentioned, "locked" from the FabricLive59 is a great start, considering that "pyramid" and "locked" had already been released as a two song 12" even AFTER "pinnicales" was released as a split with daphni's "ye ye." These songs had been spilling from four tet's TEXT label long before the album "pink" had been announced. Another released before "pink" was the dj session "Conference Of The Birds" in april'12 that contained, among other gems, "128 harps." And yet even more worthy of note were the collaborations with burial("wolf cub," "moth," and "nova")and Thom Yorke("ego," "mirror")which spanned '10-'12 and were all pressed and released on four tet's own label, TEXT, along with the singles that would later make up "pink."It's the work of an artist in constant motion.And if you don't keep an eye open, you're gonna miss something.UK production has been edging back towards dj sets, ambient blends of smart, beautiful, noise,(look at burial, andy stott, JamieXX,) and four tet is hardly gonna miss that train, if he isn't pulling the whistle on it.Going directly from "there is love in you" to "pink,"...it won't make alot of sense. You have to hear the evolution as he works with burial, as his dj sets get more layered and fluid. There are tracks like "moma" that were never released outside of a random comp and a free soundcloud download around the time "locked" was put out. It's almost as if to illustrate my point that KH just recently dropped a 38 minute dj set called "0181," released to the public free, along with another track called "The track i've been playing that people keep asking about and that joy used in his RH mix," that was also released free on soundcloud, though i doubt it's still up there.There are few artists who allow us a look into the cryptic and fascinating journey of the process of music production, the evolution of creation, and KH doesn't make it too hard, head over to his soundcloud page, and join me in following song by song the progress of one of the most talented and trailblazing producers out there.
Terrific new album from Four Tet. Starts right off with my favorite track from his FabricLive Mix "Locked" and keeps grooving from there. Each sound is so carefully pieced together and creates lush beautiful evolving rhythmic textures. Four Tet continues to push the envelope of a sound that is uniquely his own.
Electronic music that can substantially hold its own weight its a rare occurrence these days. Pink, however, breaks the mold and surpasses any and all expectations coming from the same guy who produced tracks like Angel Echos and She Moves She. Four Tet seems to be moving on from a more subtle, and subdued sound onto one that flirts with dance, or dare I call it... techno music. Whatever the genre, this album is comprised of more than mere beats (as too many electronic albums these days are), but it really sets itself apart, somewhat because of Four Tet's seniority and incumbency, but also because of the refined and polished sound that this album produces; every sound intentional, alongside overwhelming attention to detail. Four Tet shines in his new album with a warm aura; Pink deserves its rosy, upbeat name.
This ep flows in a unique way and challenges the listener in the most pleasing & creative way. Buy it now!
Good follow up to the previous album. Listening to it pretty much every day. The messages inside the songs are good also!
If you're looking for great positive Christian music that's better than what is played on Christian radio, here it is!Awesome beats and lyrics. Check out their video on youtube too!
My daughter and I love absolutely love these songs! I love the message in this music. To God be all the glory!
I really like these brothers, there music is Christ-centered and they have no intention on apologizing about it. There sound is ver unique and each person of the group brings something to the table. Praise God for these unashamed brothers!
Really up lifting and i guess &#34;modern&#34;when reaching out i can show these songs to my friends and they enjoy the beats, instrumentals and the lyrics ^^
This album combines the musicality of Sam Ock and the group's Christian hip hop style in unique glorious sounding tracks. It's a great new sound for the group's second album. It's epic.Chairs.
It's the first time I download a paid song though amazon. The song is incredible and the quality of the song is really good!!! The download was easier than I thought! :) I really do Recommend it!
I love Ne-Yo...his songs remind me to never settle for second best...and he keeps me believing that true love is out there...
Love this song. Very Neyo and true to the beat. Will get the entire CD now.  Thanks for deal of the day.
There are few younger artists out there who give you great music consistently, without putting out the same boring tracks every couple of months, and Ne-Yo is at the top of this group. This song is on point and is perfect for those days when you need an extra pep in your step. Highly recommend grabbing this song.
this is a great song and a good price.  it was my first download to the amazon player and didn't go well had to download several times and still didn't get it.  had to purchase from itunes and add to my phone
This is a terrific song, with great lyrics and the heavenly sound of Ne-Yo.  I can listen to this over and over again.
Neyo is a great artist and lyricist. This is a definitely a feel good type of song. It brightens my day!!!
What else is there to say?  She said OK.  The night's right.  Classic tune.  Well, a man can dream anyway, right?
When I saw that Amazon had this recording for free, I snatch this up quickly.  The Jazz selections are some the best that has ever been recorded.  Listening to this sampler makes feel like that I paid for this jazz recording.  It is fresh with great sounds.Green Hill Jazz Sampler
I downloaded it FREE on Amazon and it sounded great on my inexpensive Pantech Burst android phone. Given that my phone is old school I am thinking it will sound even better when I get a new smart phone.
This is a wonderful collection of music for dining or background music. I will be purchasing more Adair CDs in the future!
What a pleasant surprise to find this compilation available on Amazon site as an introduction offer. Very good sound and great recordings of some of the best stanards. Download this sampler for a great intro to these artists!
this jazz sample is so smooth it felt like a a piece of silk on a albino babys bottom great stuff great greeeeeat stuff
Best of everything I like in jazz music. Good collection. I like the sax, piano, trumpet combinations. Overall great listening experience for me.
Green Hill generally brings us great performances, and this sampler is no exception.  The fact that it's free only increases the enjoyment.  Thank you Green Hill and your wonderful musicians.
While I'm not a Jazz fan, this collection is a nice addition to the tunes I keep on my phone. I deleted the few songs with vocals, Jazz and singing don't mix for me.
Beegie Adair is one of my favorites, and this album includes some of her friends.  Great relaxing, romantic music.  I love it.
Included the tracks in this offering with the Xmas tracks.  Make a great playlist.  A nice variety of lead instruments
Very enjoyable and uplifting.. Nice renditions by these artists. Some fine piano playing by Beegie Adair. Worth exploring these musicians further.
Beegie Adair and Friends offer up a nice -- and often eye-opening -- serving of "cocktail jazz." This is a very enjoyable and well produced recording that anyone should be pleased to add to their collection...especially considering the price :-)I think this is easily the best free sampler I've downloaded from Amazon.
This is a very nice collection of jazz.I enjoy playing this music while I am surfing the web or reading one of my books.
Some of the best classic New Orleans jazz are on this CD. You can't go wrong with any Beegie Adair albums.
Not before familiar with Beegie Adair, I am so pleased by this jazz sampler.Every song is top notch quality, perfect high class jazz, and a blessing to the room it's playing in.  The songs aren't jam sessions, they are works of art.I look forward to listening to more from Beegie Adair.
I enjoy a variety of types of music, jazz is one of them and this is a nice sampler of the types that Green Hill Music offers.
Very comforting, relaxing, and romantic. Great travelling or music to dine by. I have had good success with Amazon's samplers.
5 stars for a selection of upbeat jazz to enrich my day.  The positive feeling you get after listening will raise your energy level and lift your mood!
Being that this was a free download it is a very good album. It features a wide variety of Jazz samples for every taste. The performances are very good. Try it, you'll like it.
Easy listening cover of a lot of the old favorites. And it's free (or was). You can't beat that. Makes for great background listening.
Certainly entertaining, and a nice mix of different styles.  For the price (0.00), you can't beat it.  I just wish there were more good collections like this.
Ordered this to listen to smooth jazz music.Very pleased with the order. Listen to itall the time. Thanks a lot.
I absolutely recomment this album.  Anything Beegie Adair does is great.  I could listen to her for hours.  Her music makes great background for maybe a dinner party or for falling asleep to.
Great music! How can you go wrong...free, free and free! Super collection of music? I love,love,love it...I definitely recommend this sampler!