I wish I had read the review stating that it is not worth over $100 before buying.  I almost bought the Clue Harry Potter Game, but thought the more expensive game would have a beautiful board and wooden pieces - some sort of work of art at least, not just a cardboard playing surface and plastic pieces.  I read the reviews that expressed how much fun it is.  It may be fun, but I don't know.  I was going to wait until my son opened it for Christmas to play it with him.  I think I'd rather not now....
Honestly, $100 for this game is outrageous!  If you like Harry Potter-themed games and enjoy playing Clue, just buy the Clue: Harry Potter game.  It's much cheaper and the cards/game have better printed graphics.  Don't bother with this knock-off!
I am sure this would be a fun game if we could play it.  My son excitedly opened this trivia game for us to play on our first &quot;family game night&quot; after christmas.  He was busy sorting out the cards and pieces when we noticed that the game did not come with an instruction sheet.  We looked all over the box and finally realized that although the contents listed instructions, our game did not have them.  The next day, my husband called the &quot;800&quot; number, was told that they did not have the instruction sheets in stock and that it would be 4 to 6 weeks before we would be able to get any.  How hard is it to copy sheets of paper and send them out, or to put the instructions on a web site for people?  This type of customer non-service is why I do not like to buy toys from the big companies in the first place.
We bought this for my 10- and 13-year-old who had been reading all the Harry Potter books. They said the trivia was much too hard, and they didn't want to bother setting up the game. My 22-year-old stepson came over and gave it a try. He majored in English and is getting his Masters in Mythology, so he took a whole course in Harry Potter and HE couldn't answer the trivia either. Trivia is fun - but when you can't move forward even one space, it's hardly worth all the money.  Save yours. Wish I had.
Four adults with six degrees between us couldn't figure out to what the rules of the game were.  The cards are explained - but not the actual game play.  Contacted the manufacturer and they said to call the 1-800 Customer Service - I am sure they would have no idea!  Can't believe how poorly explained the game play is - we are going to have to make up our own game.  What a disappointment.
It seems that a lot of people are having many difficulties trying to work out the very inadequate instructions.  My mother and I found it very frustrating not to be able to understand how to play the game, even after a long time of trying to read the instructions.  Is there anywhere we can get a more detailed and easy to understand instructions for this card game?
i ordered a game and the internal battery was fried, it was a minor mishap but i want to thank you for refunding my purchase. if not for the minor inconvience im sure i would havebeen very happy with the serive this company provides.
This game is the (worst) game that i have ever played!!! I was extremely disappointed and i think you need to get (...)out of here!
I bought this game about 2 years ago.  I played it one time and I was DONE!!  I never played it again.  It has levels that are impossible to get past and its very confusing.  It is no fun I STRONGLY advise you not to waste your money.  I am in high school and this game is so CONFUSING!!  Instead, go buy the book!
This game is awful.  Well, it's truly only suited for small children, and they should make that clear!  Also, it breeds bad habits in future video game players.  Let me explain:First of all, the quidditch flying system is terrible.  It is horribly unresponsive, and worst of all, the control system is backwards. Pressing foreward on the control pad brings the nose UP, not down.  It's extremely hard to adjust to for advanced gamers, and teaches young players to fly that way, so it will be hard for them to adjust to the system used by real planes and 95% of all video games.The game is pathetically easy as well.  I beat it in about three hours -- and I'm not an advanced gamer, especially with this sort of adventure game.Come on.  Give us our money's worth.  Please.
This game is alternately FAR too easy and FAR too hard for kids.  It was obviously rushed to meet the movie release date and suffers from the following:-Stupidly hard, frustrating sections, such as the oft mentioned flying lessons-Plenty of obvious basic gaming flaws, inability to quit is another good example-Little content, most of the gametime is spent repeating areas you hate to play in the first place-Fails to capture any of the promises made by the adsThis last point is very important, because Harry Potter is very special to many kids (and adults, and even teens).  The premise of exploring Hogwarts, learning magic and interacting with your favorite characters sounds great, but all of Hogwarts looks the same, the only &quot;explorable&quot; places are single rooms behind identical bookcases, you learn 4 spells of which you really only use one, you can't jump (Harry jumps off the sides of platforms only), broomstick riding is just stressful for anyone inexperienced in 3d game navigation, and the only 'interaction' you have with 5 characters is them telling you what to do.At least this game is an exercise in imagination, as children will be constantly thinking of the way this game could be vastly improved.  Kids want to experience the world of Harry Potter, not a paper thin simplification of a plot they already know.
this game is terribly illmanered it passes gas i love this game
This game could have been so much better! The graphics,  storyline, and gameplay all do not live up to the other games'! The PC platform had better gameplay, prices, and graphics! The PC platform even had an extra level at the Dursleys' house!
There are so many problems with this game. First of all, how about letting us save the game while were fighting the Dog, plant, keys,chessboard,Troll, knights, or Voldemort. Not to mention the game keeps freezing. So even if you spend the four hours trying to get past Voldemort your game will probably freeze and you'll have to start back at the dog. Horrible Game.
Short review for skimmers: It took me only seven hours to finish this game with 93%. So, had I bought it at full price, that works out to a little less than five dollars an hour. You can rent it at Blockbuster for five dollars and finish the whole thing. Don't buy this game.Yes, this is a movie license title, and no, I wasn't expecting it to be good. I wasn't expecting it to be totally awful, either. The major reason why I'm angry at this game isn't the ugly graphics, total lack of music, or even the mediocre controls (watch the game slow to a near stop as it attempts to draw Harry and several wooden crates!). It's the story and characters, which should be the most important thing in a movie license title. I like Harry Potter, and this ain't it.The story is a vague mishmash of fetch quests and scenes from the movie that don't really tie together. Although the voice acting is excellent (!), the characters act nothing like themselves. Or like actual people. Practically every bit of dialogue in the entire game can be boiled down to &quot;Go fetch me this item, because I'm too lazy and/or stupid to do it myself!&quot; Since the voice acting is so good, I was tempted to grab some clips, but since the characters say nothing remotely interesting, I decided not to. Did I mention the graphics are ugly? The first Resident Evil looked better than this, and it came out in 1996.Lest you think I'm being excessively harsh, let me give you some examples of Playstation games that are better than this one:Better dialogue - Chrono Cross, X-Men: Mutant AcademyBetter graphics - the entire Final Fantasy series, the entire Resident Evil seriesBetter gameplay - Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Crash BandicootBetter story/characters - All of the above
My wife bought me this set for Christmas when it first came out (for about $15).  I thought it was a rip off at that price. The pieces are made of soft plastic and are way too large for the flimsy cardboard board that comes with the set.  The Knight pieces barely stand up at all as they are top heavy and poorly balanced.Fortunately the pieces of this set are hollow and we were able to improve our set by using a hot glue gun to glue lead weights inside the base of each piece.  Now the pieces are quite playable if one uses a full (tournament-sized) chess board.The current price that this set sells for is obviously due to its value as a collectable item.  If you're looking for a playable chess set, note that you can buy far better (more playable) chess sets for just a fraction of what this set sells for.
Stupid little plastic pieces, the board folds multiple times so it has lines all over it. I was expecting better quality for a $60.00 game. It is not worth close to that-maybe $12 like the price tag on the box. I was expecting a nice collectable item I could set out for decor but this set screams cheap toy. Don't waste your money.
I was very disappointed by this product.  I had expected it to be much nicer and fanicer than the regular chess games.  The board is folded into 4ths and does not lie flat.  The pieces won't stay in place.  Although it has the pieces that Harry Potter uses, you'd be better off to buy a cheap chess set.  This is not up to the usual standard of the other Harry Potter products.  Mattel didn't put much thought or time into this game.
Do not order.  The first reviews on this set have to be about another set or made up.  This set is not worth $30 much less $124.  When I returned it for refund I was charged a 30% restocking fee, nowhere does it mention a restocking fee. BEWARE do not order.
The pieces are crappy plastic. Two of the knights won't stand, the board is thin and doesn't lie flat, and the box edges were worn--we wondered if Santa sent a used gift. This was a Christmas bummer.
This set is not only flimsy cheap plastic but also a choking hazard for ages 3 and younger.  It's poorly constructed;  you would be much better buying a nice classic chess set with marble or stone pieces than plastic made in China...as all the Harry Potter games are.  Who knows if there is arsenic or lead paint with imported toys like this.
This game had so much potential with break through graphics and great game play. The potential was destroyed by a few factors-load times,load times, load times! every where you go it loads for 30 seconds (when in Diagon Alley every shop I step in it loads!-CAMERA ANGLES tbis was the worst thing about this game its camera angles are very bad and it is hard sometimes to make jumps etc. if you dont have a good camera angle-way to short! there are only like 5 days you attend hogwarts-VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY DIFFICULT PUZZLES!! some of the puzzles took me like 1 hour to figure out. This game is definetely for children over the age of 10 i would say for kids under 10 much to difficultThis game was terrible and unless Harry Potter is your life (i feel for you) dont buy this game and dont even waste $$$$$ renting I luckily returned (YES!!)
I had the Sorcerer's Stone for the PC and it was excellent then I played Chamber of Secrets for the PC and it was okay but very easy (except the broom flying challenges). I was hoping the GC version was better. Wrong...the playability is horrible. It is hard to get the camera angle to see what is in front of Harry and who wants to try to jump from one object to the next at an angle? The camera likes to show the front of Harry most of the time, so when you try to turn around to see where you are going, you usually end up getting hit by something. That is the hardest part of the game. Otherwise a two year old could play this and it could be won in about 15 minutes. Very irritating. If you've played the PC version of any of these games and are thinking of getting them for the GC - don't. All the fun stuff is gone. You will be greatly disappointed.
I am a big fan of the Harry Potter movies and books, but this game is terrible. The camera angles are horrible, the fighting is awful, and the Harry Potter storyline is comepletly butchered in a bad way. Dobby isn't even in the game, he had a big part in the book. If you are looking for a good adventure game pick up Zelda, Starfox Adventures or Metroid Prime. This game is not even worth the six dollars to rent. EA games should think about what to change when they make The Prisoner of Azkaban game,
i hate this game. i can't even get through the leaky cauldren. you have to get all of ron and herminie's stuff before you can go to hogwarts. hagreds drinking beer in a barn while you find other peoples stuff. don't make the same mistake i made. RENT it first.
This game was horrible, I wasted my money on it and I recomend that you don't waste yours.  I have never played such a bad game, there is no action and too much violence, this game is not appropriate for young kids under the age of 12 regardless what the label says.
The item never arrived.  Pure and simple.  Please note that the one star rating is given BECAUSE it wasn't received.  The game itself I am sure is fine, and in fact, years ago I played it, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was incompetent shipping that leads to the poor review.
we bought this game and we were very excited about it but it turned out to be a huge dissapoinment!!! you would get stuck in levels and when you want to go to next level or even open a door to go inside somewhere you'll have to wait for the game to load for a while,and it's not worth $49.99 at all.
When I first bought this game, I thought it would be great. Well, it was the first time I played, of course. The poor aspects of the game are countless. If you jump from two feet high you will lose about 1/6 of your health. When jumping from ledges(which appears way too many times in this game) you will fall off if you are an inch off course, making most obsticles difficult and tedius. Also, the bosses are extremely easy...the game gets everything in relation to the book wrong. They completely leave out Dobby, the beginning of the story with the Dursleys, the writing on the wall, and Gildroy Lockhart being a fraud. Also, when Harry is viewing Tom Riddle's diary, he watches the scene in which Hagrid is expelled as if in a small T.V. They also make things that were fascinating is the book combletely dull by making them bosses. Also, the general plot of the game is brought up like a what-should-I-do-today concept. The game is also very short. My cousin beat it in a mere two days. Now, I'm not trashing Nintendo, I am completley faithful and want them to suceed, (even though Warner Brothers made this ...) but, for your own good, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! READ THE BOOK AND SEE THE MOVIE, THEY ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THIS!!!
rent it see how you like it, i would say that its not worth the money.  The game has nice graphics but thats about it.  The gameplay is simple but the camera is always off slightly making Harry hard to control, it is next to nothing like the book, don't expect it to be like the book or the movie the game is completley different.  it's also far to easy, the game tells you exactly what to do.  I would recommend the game for younger gamers 6-13.
I bought this game for my son for Christmas. Knowing the game was in Xbox format and my son has an Xbox 360 console, I kept my fingers crossed that the game would play okay. Bad news. It did not work in his Xbox 360. Bummer. Another Xbox game I got him (i.e. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire) DID play on his Xbox 360 console. Evidently, Xbox 360 has a list of Xbox games that are compatible with Xbox 360. Heads up.
I'm sorry but I really do not like this game. I got it hoping it would be even a little like its gamecube counterpart, but it wasn't. It was extremley confusing and I still have no clue how to do the spell things, even now. I have gotten stuck at Aragog and have no freaking idea how to get past him. And what are those blue rock things????? Everytime I got near one I'd have to fight an elf or something, which lowered my energy so I couldn't beat bosses. This game is so hard and so stupid I feel it's a disgrace to the other Harry Potter games, which were all very good. If you have another system, get this game for it, but if not, consider something else. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!
It didn't work. Review said prefect condition. The GameCube said there was no game when I ran it. Looked like it was scratched and somehow repaired
The disc was laser burned, and the people said it would come to me &#34;just like new&#34;. False advertising much.
This installment of the harry potter games is nothing short of completely bizzare.  I have no idea how anybody could like it, although it is a perfect game for 2-3 year olds.
it never specified that this game would only work in the U.S and so, effectively I have wasted my money on a useless game. Major let down.
This game has great graphics, I admit, but it gets boring really quickly. It's too easy for words, and you just have to keep scoring goals, over and over again until it's time for you to catch the Snitch. They could've done better.
I do enjoy the Harry Potter Books and Movies but the games all of them espesially this one is just horrible.  There is only one thing to do no variety. if that is what you want go ahead and spend your money there is nothing i can do but warn you not to it is just another wasted $30 bucks. This game is not something to spend your hard eaned money on i recommend Morrowind for the older ones it truly has to be the best game i have ever seen letting you or your child do almost anything! you should check it out and it is reasonably priced!
My daughter really wanted this game even though it is old (some nostagia involved). Most XBox games have an update to make them compatible with XBox 360, but this game does not. VERY DISAPPOINTING!
Can not play it on an Xbox 360.Very disappointed .My son thought he would be able to play this on his Xbox but it only works on the old system.
Ww all played this game on the PS1 and it was the worst game EVER! But we got this on the PS2?!WHY? Here's why I hate this game.Story:it's the same as the book and movie.GamePlay:same as COS.Graphics:it's messey and chessey.SoundWork:good and bad,because the voice work is really bad and muisc is bad.Overall:Harry Potter A.T.S.S is the worst game on the PS2 EVER!Did I meton that it's to easy!I give it a 1 out of 5!I give it a 1 out of 5.
I had a long time ago and it worked. I decided to get again and was very disappointed, I got to first time Harry gets to the common room door and it freezes . It doesn't matter how many times I try or clean every thing it still freezes . I tried to return it but have not received any kind responds.
I don't know if I will buy a used game from amazon.com again.  The game I purchased doesn't always work.  It worked for a few days and then the disk started saying it could not be read. My son is older and very careful with his games, so I know it is not from his use.  He only played it a few times.  I am not impressed!
I have been a avid fan of the harry potter series, and of the games and movies. This product, however those not do well to in any way present the material provided in the books, and in the movie.the first gba game i felt was fine, even though i did not like the lack of control.up until now they had made game boy color games, that you have more control, and how much effort you put into the game decided how easier it would be. this was a combat based system similer to pokemon were you battle to level the charactors.while i was disappointed they stopped making the game boy color games, i still played the prisoner of azkaban gameboy advance version.i was over joyed when i saw that they had combined the two games into one.this is were it turned bad. The game was lack 85 percent of what was in the books. here is a list of key things they left out that are extreamly important to the plot of prisoner of azkaban, and the remaining series of books.~You never fight a dementor, you just play a silly little game instead.~there is no history what so ever of the mauradors who are completly left out.~there is not mauraders map.~No quidditch.~No professor trawlany and no divination class.~The end of the game in the shirking shack those things that have no explanation, such as how would lupin know peter was there also if there was no mauraders map.this game took me only about 3 hours to complete, which those not say much, as the gameboy color games tended to take a a day for me to complete the first time around. the past games offered more gameplay then this one did.i recommend you not waste money on the GBA version. you would get more enjoyment out of the PC or console versions, and they provide more for you to enjoy, even if they are a little more advanced gameplay wise.
I ordered the Hat and Scarf as a set for my 8 year old grandson.  He was so excited when the package came and guess what a scarf only and not hat.  Now try and get in touch with anyone and I do mean anyone at amazon and it's a joke.  I guess all I can do is return the scarf and re-order the whole thing again and pray it all comes in as a set.  I can't get anyone to tell me if I can just hold onto the scarf and have the hat sent.  I have never had trouble before with ordering via amazon until now.  I just wish there was a customer service number I could call to ask to just send the missing item.  I'm sure if and when we get a complete order my grandson will love it and until then he calls me and asks me everyday if the hat is here and I have to say no.  So I guess tomorrow I'm going to just return  the scarf and re-order the complete set again.  Let's hope I end up with the correct order next time.
I ordered this as a Christmas gift and I only received the scarf and paid for the hat and scarf!!!! I would like the hat sent to me ASAP! How can you get this wrong. It states hat and scarf on everything including receipt in package and it clearly is not. BEWARE of ordering from this seller!!!
These are the itchiest items of clothing I have ever, ever put on.  I sent mine back.  There was *no* way I would ever wear them. Cute, though.
It is a decent action game. However, it is not like the previous three games where you have the opportunity to walk around and explore Hogwarts - there is none of that, no interior Hogwarts at all to walk through. You don't really  lean any new spells they just occupy one button on your controller. ALso, they totally did away with Fred and George's Joke shop and now you use your beans to gain strength through wizarding cards but the whole thing is just stupid. I, like 20+ others that I know, am completely disappointed and feel that the game, was a waste of money. It was absolutely no fun at all to play. It's just a bunch of tasks outside of Hogwarts - you don't see an interior of the castle at all. Save your money.
Pay no attention to the people giving great reviews because they probably work for EA.  This game is horrid and a complete waste of money.  You can't control the camera, at all. You have no control over what you can and cannot see.  It was so funny to have to sneak past the prefects in the previous game and zap different items looking for coins and beans.  This game gives new definition to the phrase "no roaming".  What happened was, the game was supposed to come out on November 10.  On the night of November 9, someone at EA said, "Oh my gosh!  The Harry Potter game!  Did anyone start designing it yet??"  Cleary an overnight concoction.
This game is NOT fun at all! I thought is was going to be like the 3rd and 5th Harry Potter game, where you get to explore the castle and go around doing fun thinhgs but it was the complete opposite! You cannot explore the castle, play quidditch, or interact with anything. All you do is go through these different levels with set paths, and collect shields to unlock more levels. The camera angles also bothered me in that you could not rotate them. There are also little creatures that come out and attack you and you are supposed to use spells on, but they are just so annoying. Also, any duel you might have is set, so if you are supposed to win, you do no matter what. The only good things about this game is that you can pick your character (Harry, Ron, or Hermoine), and you can ride your broomstick (but only when you are being chased by the dragon in the first challenge) and there is already a path that you HAVE to follow. I would NOT recommend this game.
Do not take any notice of the people who say this game is good, as it is a total ripp off and i can honsetly say the game has completely changed to the last 3 games with no exploration around hogwarts, it feels like you are skimming the pages of the book and not that feeling off being in the game, it has taken me one day to complete this game and the ending took 3 minutes to conquer so i have sold my game as it is not worth having in my collection, i feel EA rushed this game and i cannot believe they changed it as this is not at all like the 3 previous games, total ripp off EA!!!! i just hope my voting on EA.COM has made a difference and gets EA to remake the goblet of fire!!!!!!!! a very dissapointed customer.P.S Also if anyone wants a true review of this game try gamespot.com or .co.uk and read the reviews you'll understand what i mean if you have not bought this game already.
EA completely revised and changed a good thing.  I am so frustrated with this game, if you dont get so many triwizard shields you cant unlock any more areas of the game. With HP 2&3 i couldn't stop playing, with this one, i dont even want to.  Its such a disappointment that EA ruined a good ting.  There is no exploring Hogwarts and finding secret passages, finding treasure, its just not what i expected at all.
I agree with the second reviewer - if you liked the other Harry Potter games, this latest one is sure to disappoint.  However, unlike another reviewer, I won't be so callous as to completely spoil a book's surprise ending.One of the more disappointing features of this new game is the inability to see more than a few feet in front of you.  That is, whereas in the other game you had control of the camera with the joystick you didn't use to run (by the way, Harry cannot duck or jump in this game either); in other games you used the joystick to look up, down and all around the town! When Harry ran through the game, you saw where he was going because the view was from behind. Here, the view is aerial and you have no idea what's ahead.The card system is indeed confusing and the booklet doesn't explain much.  I miss roaming around the entire school, entering into the classrooms, running through Diagon Alley and looking for secret items. You can't go roaming anymore, you must follow an prearranged order. The Bertie Botts Beans you uncover for points now fly away from you, and you must chase them down if you want points.  If I had the chance to offer an opinion to the game designers, I would say "do over".
I just received the UK Version for my birthday. Nothing like the previous HP games. Instead of improving the "adventure" game, they have taken the "adventure" out of it, along with the enjoyment! An enjoyable adventure game, has become yet another continuous "fighting" game. My hands were sore after playing for 20 minutes. In a world filled with way too many fighting, thug, and war games, these days good adventure games are hard to come by. There are many unenjoyable aspect to this games, but it would be too lengthy to go into them all. There is one thing I feel I must mention. With previous HP games, we had a choice of how we set our controllers, but with this new game, up is down, and down is up, and we could find no way to access or change the control format to correct this. Making play quite difficult at best. Of course, as with most fighting games, if the level is not completed, the entire level must be repeated again and again. Unless you can somehow manage to learn to function the controls in reverse.  My husband & I are both very disappointed that one of our favourite adventure games, has been changed so drastically. We hope our review will inspire the programmers to do better. We enjoy our HP games, and so looked forward to this new games with great anticipation, only to find that the new game paled in comparison to the previous HP games. This is one purchase we will be sad to returned. There is no point in keeping a game we will never enjoy.
This game is a waist of money. It is very short with no resale value. The movie is just a bad. I have lost faith in Harry Potter because of the idiots who designed this game and the movie!!
This is easily the stupidest Harry Potter movie, and game. Don't bother wasting your money (unless you already have; sucks for you) on this piece of crap. Complete junk. Boring, same stupid spells, no upgrades... The only difference in this game is the characters look older. Like, 16-7 year olds. Like they do in the movie. They should seriously keep actors that look younger. Not some hairy legged, big-chested gorillas that act like they're two year olds that keep throwing themselves onto one another due to raging hormones. Real big disappointment. Mike Cenzz, out.
This has to be the worst Harry Potter game they have ever made I mean you don't even get to explore the castle or anything. All you do in this game is go from level to level fighting crap and doing tasks as a group and that's about it I mean really I don't know what they were thinking when they made this game. I personally enjoy the other Harry Potter games much more better because you get to explore the grounds and talk with people and do quests but this game is definitely the worst Harry Potter game ever made.
The book and film of goblet of fire were good, but this game is awful! i tought that it would be great, but it isnt! the hogwartz levels are awful! the triwizard levels are, well, good, but they still dont make this a great game. what an awful game this is.
Recently I have been buying some Harry Potter games for my wife. She has loved all of them because of the ability to explore the castle and be part of the story. (Who hasn't thought it would be cool to be a wizard right?) We bought this game thinking it would be really fun like the other Harry Potter games but we were very disappointed. It becomes very repetitive very quickly. The camera is in a locked position and does not allow you to feel like you're in the game. It's like a really lame version of Gauntlet Legends. The AI are horrendous but are necessary for some of the missions. The game does not follow the book or movie very closely. Altogether it's not worth getting.
You must be thinking that this game is very cool,you get to play the three tasks and face voldemort. BUT NO! you do not face voldemort in this game. Voldemort just summonds these skulls and you have to kill them.Youu dont really duel him at all.THe three tasks are bad too. The first task you have to run away from the dragon on your broom. THats fun. But the other two are not. YOU  just collect gillyweed in the second task. Thats all. The third task is HORRIBLE! You just fight 2 monsters.Thats all. You cant even go around hogwarts. You just keep beating levels. EA games made a piece of JUNK!
Seriously. I'm returning it.Within 10 minutes of playing it, I found I could mysteriously run through walls. Who tests this stuff?Add to that the fact that you can only face in 4 directions. If you can't control the characters properly, they should have at least stuck with turn based fighting. Its totally frustrating to stand in front of a chest casting at it, and continually miss it. Hello? How many things can I possibly be aiming at? Its RIGHT in front of me!This game is crap. Its totally something they threw together as an afterthought.I'm a fan of the PC versions, but I would strongly recommend not wasting time or money on this version.
i read the book of this game and the book was good, but this game is a pitiful excuse for the name Harry Potter. I beat this game in 2 days.  The graphics are not 21st century and it doesn't have anything the book does.  The first task is lame and easy. The second was a little harder bit still lame and the third was just lame and easy.  Dueling Voldemort was easy. I beat him in 3 tries. Everything that happens after Harry gets out of the maze doesn't happen in the game.  You immediately skip to the closing ceremonies.  The Yule ball is a joke in this game.  The bottom line is that this game is too easy and the graphics are lame.  My advice is that if your going to spend $20 to $30on a game,  buy a game for Gamecube or Xbox or PS2.  Don't buy this game it sucks
This product arrived sealed and EMPTY!!!, I reported it to you and have heard NOTHING, so I'm sure you inderstand when I say I am disgusted