this game i bought thinking it would be fun and have somewhat of an educational value at the same time. however, i soon found out i was wrong. it has its moments but overall it isn't very entertaining. i expected it to be like clue...an educational game that is built on logical explanations....so....i hope this was helpful in getting you to not waste your time with this game.
I enjoyed playing this game, but it does have a large number of flaws. You really do have to have read the first Harry Potter book quite thoroughly, because some of the questions are really quite challenging if you don't use the multiple choice. Younger children - my sister at age 10 included even had problems with this game - some of the rules are confusing. Once you have the hang of this game {you should use the multiple choice included, it's much easier if you do} it's actually fairly easy and not a challenge. However, the rules are confusing - I ended up pretty much making up the rules as we went. This game had the potential to be so much better, and Mattel have stuffed it up. If you're really a Potter nut, I mean really a huge fan, go ahead and buy the game. I think it was just a waste of money, personally. It's not a 'you're not a Potter fan if you don't have this' kind of game.
I will add my voice to those who were disappointed by the totally inadequate rulebook. My family, like many others are Harry Potter fans and thought a Harry Potter Quidditch game would be a blast. We play board and card games all of the time and are familiar with many different types of play, but this one totally stumped us. We tried to play it a number of times, but kept getting stuck because the rules didn't cover many of the situations that occur during the course of play. Of course we did our best to come up with our own rules, but the result was not fun. The game seemed out of balance since you could be stuck with limited options due to an unlucky ordering of cards and the play just dragged on and on. We kept thinking that a fun game is possible, we just don't have the inclination at the moment to design one. We gave up. If you want to design you very own Harry Potter Quiddith card game then this inexpensive deck has potential. If you are someone that wants to play the game the &quot;right way&quot; by the official rules, you will end up tossing this game in the garbage can
The Harry Potter Card Game is based on Quidditch, a game played on broom sticks in the Harry Potter books. The game fairly represents the way Quidditch is playedHowever, the Harry Potter card game is repetitive and boring. You play only on Quaffles, Bludgers, and the all-important golden snitch. Unless you put the point value of the snitch down to five times that of a Quaffle, it is pointless, because whoever gets the snitch will win more than 95 percent of the time. Even if you do that, it still is more boring than reading about it in Harry Potter.As for education, there is very little strategy to it and no learning tools I can see. Durability, because they are cards and are bound to get bent. The flimsey box doesn't help its case.Harry Potter fans, there are much better things to get to hold you over until the fifth book. I don't reccommend this product.
Like I said, if there were better written rules for this game, it would be a blast! But the rules are very poorly written. While playing it, my mom and I didn't know how a round ended, what to do if you ran out of cards, etc. We were thinking that if we really wanted to play this game, we would have to add in our own rules! This game was somewhat fun since I love Harry Potter, but when it go so frustrating and confusing not know how to play, the fun was taken out of it.
I found the directions inadequate to play the game!
After the PC version, I concentrated on this one next.  Unlike the other games, this one focuses more on the story from the book.  It also has an RPG aspect that makes it unique.Since I'm very picky about research (except when it comes to school work), I read the first Harry Potter book and viewed the first movie again.  I have to admit that, compared to the later ones, this one isn't quite as great but it's still enjoyable.  Still, what is it about these books that make them so popular?  Maybe it's because, as Bobby Bacala (The Sopranos) says, "it gives the other kids, the 98 pound weakling, some hope."  It might also be because, unlike other books targeted to children, Harry Potter is not so condescending.  In many books that are aimed towards children, when the main character broke a rule no matter how minor, they were automatically caught and punished for it.  This method was a way to manipulate children into being obedient robots.  In these books, sometimes Harry is rewarded for breaking rules or he's punished.  Sometimes, he doesn't get caught at all.  However, it might be because books in the UK aren't as condescending as books in the US.  Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong.As I said, this game is the most loyal to the book with a few differences.  For one thing, it's Hermione who tells Harry about Snape instead of Percy, which makes absolutely no sense considering that Hermione knows as much about the teachers as Harry does while Percy's been there for five years.  Some scenes follow the book exactly and yet seem out of place, such as McGonagall showing up out of nowhere to take twenty points from Slytherin and Draco not even objecting to that whatsoever.  Sometimes it gets the characters wrong, such as having Draco give Harry a prize for beating him when Draco is a sore loser.  Another thing is that makes this game notable is that it's the only one to have you attend History of Magic.  Don't worry, all you do is get sent to Diagon Alley to retrieve a card.The game play is RPG like which separates it from the other ones in the series.  You run into magic clouds and get into a battle with various monsters.  The more experience points you gain, the more you level up.  If you use a spell enough times you can also have it upgraded.  Oh, and you can collect wizard cards and card combinations you can use to aid you in battle.  To me, this seems out of place because RPG elements don't really suit Harry Potter.  I prefer learning spells in classes and going through the obstacle courses in other games because it feels more like you're in a magical school.  Did I mention that this is the only game where Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw could win the House Cup rather than automatically losing to Slytherin if you don't have enough points?This game is loyal but out of place.  I give it 3 out of 10; it's unique but not in a good way.
In this game the people look like a cross between dead moles, and squirrels.(especially Dumbledore.) In quidditch it's not good! you go way too slow , and have to fly through dumb rings. Fluffy looks like a big blob of chocolate. in the corrider it's stupid! Filch just sits there yelling his head off hoping someone will hear him, when nobody but you him and his cat are there! The only thing he says is &quot;Intruder, Intruder in the forbidden corrider!&quot; or &quot;Oh, we are in trouble now aren't we?!&quot; You can only wear the invisibility cloak for five seconds! I mean in the game you don't even have fingers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't beat the price for this game, game play is very simple and is such a short game with more than bad graphics, but it is ps1 can't expect alot. The game does not follow the movie very well but a good pickup for a cheap price if you like harry potter.
This game is fun until you get to the flying lesson.Hootch'sconstant &quot;Concentrate,potter,and try again'make you want togo over and strangle her.Going through all those hoops makesyou feel like you're a trained animal going through endlesshoops to entertain Hootch.Flying through 20 hoops was annoyingenough,but having to fly through 40 hoops?Come on now-fortyhoops?It gets boring having to keep flying through hoops constantly,and it's a waste of time.If you have this game and cannot get past the flying lesson,I suggest you put ituntil Game Shark Video Game Enhancer comes out with codesfor this game.
This game is one of the best ive ever played. But, its too short. I beat it in 3 hours without trying. Also, there isnt much walkthrough or a map so u dont know where ur going. Dont get me wrong, this is the BEST game ive ever played, buts its easy. ON the BAD side, you cant pass the cut scenes. The Cut scene on the last level is 5 minutes long. And u have to see it EVERYtime u challenge valdamore (i dont read the harry potter books, so i dont know wats his name)Luckily, i only needed 3 chances to beat him. He is VERY hard but not frustrating, just challenging. I heard that Harry potter and the chamber or secrets is coming out, i hope that its the same great graphics and everything, just alittle harder. Anyways, RENT IT BEFORE U BUY.IF U GET TO THE LEVEL WHERE U MEET HAGRID, THEN UR ABOUT HALF WAY DONE. IF U GOT THERE IN LESS THEN AN HOUR AND A HALF, THEN DONT COSIDER BUYING THIS GAME CUASE ITS TOO EASY.DONT GET ME WRONG, ITS THE BEST GAME, JUST TOO EASY.
I really hoped that the PlayStation game would be a great one. After I saw the movie, I decided to buy the game, cuz it sounded neat. Well...the game is a bit disappointing. I expected much more than Harry running around, trying not to be late for class, casting spells, etc. But that's practically ALL that he does. The beginning of the game was interesting, but then you start trying to collect beans, run... errands, blah-blah-blah. Even thought I LOVE platform/adventure games, this didn't work out for me. I got to 60 something % and just quit. It was a bit challenging after the beginning, but then it just got WAY to easy and short, so I dropped this game and choose Ape Escape. Now, Ape Escape is a WAY better game than Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, so if you want a great platform game, choose APE ESCAPE! And the Harry Potter movie was better than the game, so either just watch the movie or rent it, DON'T BUY IT!
O.K. it's chess - The pieces should have been molded of a heavier plastic, with a base on them - they are hollow. The box is completely cheesy, Really cheap and flimsy - It should have a heavier stock cardboard with a molded insert at the very least to store the game.  The board is also a bit too small for the size of the pieces.I like the look of the pieces, but they should be heavier.  This game should have been designed to be sold as a real keeper - it was sold like a destined-for-the-trash toy.
I was very disappointed whe I received this yesterday. Very flimsy board.It comes in a very thin box. very small.  I cannot believe I just paid $59.00 for this.
I love Harry Potter Quidditch Cup game and I thought this would be an excellent game to buy as well.  I found that the gameplay is very easy and most of the game you spend avoiding being caught by precepts or avoiding ghosts that can attack you and you can't fight back.  I beat this game in a little under 3 days and I found most of the time I had problems not fighting the enemies but avoiding the ghosts and precepts.  The storyline is pretty messed up and is not developed well, and although I know it is a video game they could have made the storyline a little better.  I knew the game wasn't going to be very good when I had to listen to Harry say &quot;How am I going to get out of this room&quot; every minute for a half an hour and tried to do acrobatics while ghosts knocked me down and couldn't be killed.  I found the best things about it were flying around the school grounds on the broom and at the quidditch tournaments.  It's a fun game to play around with but I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy it.
Ok i thought the first game was cool soo i got this one. It is soo not like the first game. i advise you NOT to get this! Its hard and a waste of your time
Harry Potter: The Chamber of Secrets follows the same controlls and dungeon themes as The Legend Of Zelda: The Wind Waker, yet does not do it nearly as well.  First off, the voice acting is somewhat bad (which might have been the reason TLOZ:WW wanted to avoid voices).  The controlls can be frustrating at times. A good example is when you try to lock onto an enemy, you have to be straight in from of it.  Another good example is that during a certain dungeon, you have to jump from one platform to another. This seemingly simple task is frustrated by the fact that you have to jump perfectly straight, or you wont reach the ledge.The biggest problem, however, it the annoying dungeons.  Exploring Hogwarts basically follows this pattern.  Wake up, goto class, do annoying dungeon, get spell, play quiddich, rest until night, do annoying stealth puzzle and go to sleep.  The spell are equally as repettative.  Each spell has about one use and that is about it.I think I've harped on the game enough.  There are a few good qualities about the game.  The fact that it is Harry Potter will make it enjoyable if you are a die hard Potter fan.  This is unlikely however because I am too a Potter fan, but did not like this game.  The other good quality it that, even though it does it poorly, it copies off of the proven control system of zelda.
This game is OK.  The graphics, controls, sounds, and challenge, are middle of the road; not great, but not terrible.The problem is it's too short.  Just when the game feels like it should be starting, BOOM, final boss fight, end credits.Oh, and the final boss fight is confusing, and doesn't fit with the movie or the book.
Wait a minute. Isn't Harry supposed to be, like, TWELVE in this installment?! Why the *censored* does he look like a *censored* FIVE-YEAR-OLD?!Okay, now that I've got that slice from my pie of frustration out of my system, I think I should go ahead and warn you: THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE DIM OF WIT. IT IS PUZZLING. IT IS CONFUSING. IT WILL MAKE YOU WANT TO THROW YOUR CONTROLLER AT THE SCREEN AND SHOUT OBSCENE THINGS TO THAT COMPUTER IMAGED TODDLER'S FEET, SINCE WE HAVE SUCH A LOVELY VIEW OF THEM (I would like to take this moment to thank the idiots who came up with these wacky camera angles that allow you to see only a foot or two in front of Harry), Which brings me to share with you another slice from the pie of frustration. Those darn prefects. Why is it that Hermione (who is unexcuseably ugly, by the way) wakes you up in the middle of the night to go to the library so you can get a A)Spell B)Book C)Glass of Iced Pumpkin Juice So She Can Get back to Sleep, making you creep past the patrolling prefects who apparently have eyes in the back of their heads. Those afore-mentioned funky camera angles that leave you staring up Harry's nose come in to play here, making it virtually impossible for you see which way the prefects are looking, which leave you sprinting up to one who is facing right at you. The obnoxious shout of "Hey! Get back to your Dormitory!" becomes inevitable. And, of course, Harry just has to continue on with the stupid quest, making you do it all again. Two Questions: 1. Should we be teaching our children that it is perfectly normal to disobey your superiors? and 2. WHY CAN'T HERMIONE DO ANYTHING HERSELF?! Sure, there wouldn't be a game without challenges, but surely the dudes at EA Games could come up with something a little more intruiging.Another slice o' pie: Those stupid Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. So hard to come by, so easy to lose. With one or three hits from an enemy, those beans you have carefully accumulated will be gone. Zilch. Wizards don't have Bean Insurance. Okay, so they won't be completely gone, but unless you can scurry to gather them up in the alotted 5-10 seconds, you will lose them. Some will fly into nearby walls or other objects and you won't even have a chance to collect them. Isn't losing your Life Energy enough?But, for all you who have trouble with maintaining 100 beans just within the trip to Fred and George's shop, don't worry about not being able to afford the Alohomora spellbook. I think there are literally about four things that you can unlock with that spell. And a door ain't one of them. You unlock chests with the spell, usually containing a Famous Witch & Wizard Card.And, don't be fooled by the back of the case advertising the phrase "explore Hogwarts on your Nimbus 2000." They don't mean EVERYWHERE. Broomsticks don't come inside. Broomsticks hit magical barriers. Broomsticks don't fly at night. Broomsticks are a novelty that soon wears off. While we are on the subject of exploration, let me just say that your on-foot exploration choices on the Grounds are limited, nothing at all like the maze-ish qualities like in HP & The Prisoner of Azkaban (also for GameCube) Basically, you just walk in the direction of three destinations, "Hagrid's Hut," "Flying Practice" and the "Quidditch Stadium." Once you take two steps in that direction, you are magically transported there. Umm, a word of adivce to the game designers, PLEASE LET US WALK THE FULL LENGTH TO CLASSES. It will add SOMETHING realistic to your jacked up gameplay.OK: One final slice from the pie o' frustration: This game is said to be for ages 6 and up. Unless your six year old is litterally stupid, they will find this game boring and ultimately unchallenging. Some answers to puzzles are SO obvious you don't think to try them. Is anything about jumping from platform to platform dodging pixies amusing? No.There are goods parts to this game, though. The castle is a treat to explore, and once you've learned all of the spells, your possibillites are endless. Some tasks actually are amusing. I am also glad that this game lasted a bit longer than HP & The PoA (for Gamecube)..by two game days. Wow. Seven whole game days. Those guys at EA outdid themselves. Now, that my pie is all eaten up, I must give you some parting advice: Rent it before you buy it. You'll either love it or hate it. Or, better yet, just get the original Playstation (gasp! The ANCIENT game console! And you thought it was extinct!) version. It is ten trillion times better. I love that one to death. Remember these words and---Merry Tuesday!
Take control of Harry Potter and roam the halls of Hogwarts.  You learn spells by picking up books.  You can assign spells to a button, and you have a Rememberall which tells you what to do next.  The hardest boss in the game--for me--was the last one within the Chamber itself.  Quidditch is a fun thing to do and who would say no to de-gnoming the garden?
Let me begin by saying that I am a true fan of the Harry Poter books and movies, so I had to try this game and I did so with great expectations. The game was a true disappointment. THE WORST LOAD TIMES IN ANY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. SERIOUSLY!!!Story: 3/10It folows somewhat the story of the book and movie but does a lousy job.Graphics: 6/10They are all right, but if you consider current game standards, they are just ok.Sound: 1/10This was one of the worst parts of the game. The voices don't come close to being the real ones ane the voice acting is pretty lousy. The score is bad too.Playability: 8/10Easy to play and get the hang of it. ok camara movements.Entertainment: 6/10It will keep you entertained if you are like me and have to finish all games you start but if you stop playing games when they bore you. or if you get frustrated by loading times then this is not the game for you.Over all, don't waste your money with this game. There are so many better ones. The load times are so bad and you have to endure them so often that they alone make this game one of the worst I have ever played. ADVICE: RENT IT FIRST.
When I first heard of this game in my magazine I couldnt wait to buy it. I bought this game the day it came out and now i cant wait for somebody to buy it off of me. This is definitally not the game i thought it would be I am very dissapionted. I suggest that whoever is reading this review will rent this game before buying it because while some will love this game, others will hate it. All you do is go around collecting wizard cards. You do pointless tasks to get pointless wizad cards. You go to one class a day then your day ends. You do one task a night and your night ends. This keeps repeating until you eventually just quit playing because it's so boring. If you dont want to end your day or night then you dont have to, you can explore but after you explore the first time and complete all the side tasks, there is no point in exploring anymore and you will most likely just end your days and nights as soon as you can. If you are a very big harry potter fan then you night like this just because of the storyline. If you are like me and read the books but are not crazy about them then this game is probably not for you. This game is also not the easiest at some points. I dont think this game is for younger kids because as soon as you get the expelliarmus spell, the game gets a little harder. You then have to time everything. Everytime a spell is casted at you, you have to use the explelliarmus spell to reverse it but you have to time it exactly right and it's not the easiest thing to do. So like I said before, DO NOT GO OUT AND SPEND 50 DOLLARS ON THIS GAME UNTIL YOU PLAY IT FIRST. Rent it to see if you like it first.
I love the Harry Potter franchise, and mostly because of that, I had high expectations for this game.  But the reality was very disappointing.  This has all the marks of a game that was hastily put together, on a low budget, with very little user testing.  The general design is a completely linear series of missions - do this, then do that, then do the other thing, with no choices whatsoever.  And if there is any one task anywhere in the game that you can't figure out, then the game is over for you.  Lack of attention to detail shows up throughout -- for example, the prefects will scold you and tell you to go back to your dorm, but won't let you actually do so!  As another example, Hermione will tell you to do some complex task, but only once -- better write it down, because if you forget the details, she will not tell you again no matter how many times you hit the Talk button on her (or, in frustration, start pummeling her with spells).  I rarely give up on a game, but I'm giving up on this one after about 2 hours of play.  Spend your money on something else.
It is make for the first Xbox...but it was my mistake I guess, 'cause I didn't realize on time. Anyway...
While the graphics and size of this game are impressive for a GBA title, it is still an overwhelmingly bad game.  First it is fairly boring, consisting mostly of going through long dungeon areas and flipping one switch after another.  This gets pretty repetitive during the first dungeon in Gringott's Bank, but the dungeons keep coming throughout the game and all of them feel exactly the same.  There is very little action to speak of.  It's all about flipping switches, moving blocks onto switches, avoiding teachers and jumping onto platforms.  Speaking of jumping, the game also has an awful control system.  To give the game a 3-D look, everything is on an isometric diagonal view and most of the time you must move diagonally.  Unfortunately the GameBoy Advance control pad is not really made for that much diagonal movement and it is very awkward moving Harry around.  You can change the set-up so that Harry will move diagonally if you press in the easier Up, Down, Left and Right directions, but this just makes it more confusing.  There are still other problems.  You only get one save file, so if a second person wants to play, they must delete the first player's game.  And there is no sleep mode, so you have to find one of the save points before you turn off the game or else lose whatever progress you may have made (not good for people who play in short stretches on the subway for instance).  The music is okay, but really nothing special.  Also I found it strange that you don't get to control the flying car in the beginning of the game.  Maybe you will get the opportunity later in the game when escaping the spiders, but I doubt I will play it long enough to get there, it's just too boring.
i expected much, much more from this game. i thought that after harry potter and the sorceror's stone came out on gba, the makers would realize how horrible this game is. it starts off okay with a cute little intro to the game, but it just goes downhill from there. going up and down stairs is extremely difficult and quidditch is almost unbearable. there are many times when you have no clue what to do or where to go because there is no direction whatsoever. when i got this game, i expected a whole lot more. maybe the people who realeased this should have spent more time on creating a quality game instead of focusing on the quantity.
When I drove home with the game, I searched the instructions at the beginning, noticing exciting changes like the increase in the size of Hogwarts. Now that I think about it? Big whoop.To be frank, I cannot see for the life of me why, if you have a better gaming platform, you get a better game. I played my friend's version for Playstation 2 and there is SO much more to do. Hogwarts seems to be based off the movie version, as it is huge and has things you would actually see. In the PSX version, you are in corridors that do not follow Hogwarts standard (maze-like) The worst part, in my opinion, is the Gryffindor Common Room. One would just love to have a look around, right? Hah. In this game you have very little to do.I guess I'm more or less a stickler for roleplaying, and was hoping the game had a more realistic tone to it. Repeating what An Amazon.com Customer said, 'Prof. Lockhart looks like someone hit him with a can opener. Dobby looks like a rat. Colin Creevey is tiny, and Ginny Weasley looks like a pig.' It's all too true. I would love to have moving staircases, secret passages only avaliable with certain spells and more prefects roaming the hallways at dark...it adds a sense of adventure to the entire thing. Oh, by the way, even though Harry FINALLY TALKS, his mouth never moves (or if it does, the inside of his mouth is the same color as his face)
Being a Harry Potter fan, I was thrilled when I heard a Quidditch game was going to be made.  However, the game proved weaker than I thought.  In terms of game features, the Hogwarts section was in my mind flawless, but the World stage had a lot of problems.  First off, only nine teams(one of which has to be unlocked) are featured.  World Champion Ireland(see Goblet of Fire)is strangely absent.  The  actual World Cup is a ladder tournament(not so in the books,)takes way too long to complete, and is simple to win(Just score as many points as possible.)  The gameplay is easy, even though your teamates seem to have no idea how to play the game as they move away from the quaffle when you throw it to them.  With how much it takes to be able to finally ride the Firebolt, you're already an expert at it.  Every match plays the same and you easily get bored with the commentary, music, players, moves, goal celebrations, snitch catching, stadiums, teams, special moves, and of course, the two seconds per game you get to be the seeker, keeper, or a beater.  The speed of the players is also monotonous.  I think this game swings and misses, and the only reason my overall score is two stars is I've been hoping for a Quidditch game.  Note to EA: Please remake and improve this game!
To start I would like to say that I am not that big of a harry Potter fan. But I have been gamming for a very long time. This game at first is very complicated. I bought it expecting it to be high paced and hard hitting. To be quite honest the game is borring afrter an hour. The concept is too basic. Get the ball throw it through the hoop, attack the man with the ball throw it through the hoop. I mean it's the same thing over and over and over. It's really not hard at all. At the very end the Golden snitch comes out but all you have to do is stay in it's lit up path and you'll win.It could be found fun on the first day of having it but after that it could put you to sleep. The best part of the game are the special moves which are tricky combos but are done in cut scenes. There just isn't enough action or violence or speed. If youve read the books you know the game is supposed to be violent and thrilling. This game just makes it seem boring. I bought this game because i had read how awesome the Game Quiditch was supposed to be but the game is just way too repeditive and anticlimactic. Sorry thrill seekers this is not the game for you. Die hard Harry Potter fans give it a try.Controlls 6difficulty 1 (There is no skill needed just the patience to play the same thing over and over)fun 4graphics 7gameplay 5sound 3 (the anouncer is increadibly annoying)
I don't like this one as well as the playstation or gamecube versions. The controls are hard to learn. The challenges and games are difficult to master. I easily beat the other versions in all hardness levels. I cannot even beat the easy level at hogwarts on this game. I was hoping this would be just as good as the other versions. I was dissapointed.
This game is based on the sport Quidditch from the Harry Potter book series by J.K. Rowling. The game overall is fairly poor. The few positive aspects are overshadowed by the garbage.Gameplay- The game features four difficulty levels, Comet 260, Nimbus 2000, Nimbus 2001, and the Firebolt, all brooms from the books. Unless the setting is on Firebolt, the game is useless. You can play as any Hogwarts or international team each with its own special move. After completing listed tasks, the player will receive Quidditch cards which are similar to Chocolate Frog cards from the series. The controls are simple to master but you could sit on the controller and receive the same results unless,like I said, you are on Firebolt in which case you will have to concentrate hard on not losing horribly. The glamor of playing with your favorite team starts to fade as you realize you can make more scores then Brittany Spears at the Strip Club with any team. Redundancy is unavoidable.Multiplayer-The multiplayer element is one of the few high points of this game. Playing against a friend makes it from an easy win to a challenging battle. Of course to unlock teams and fields you must play through ares of single player so it really isn't worth the trouble.Graphics-The graphics in this game is another high point. The fields are beautiful and are the only thing that really changes from match to match. The characterslook just as fine in cut scenes (although Harry looks and talks like a five year old).Series Relation- The actually time of these matches is around the third book judging by the players on the Hogwarts teams. The game is littered with characters from the books like Harry, Draco, Cho Chang, Cedric Diggory, and Victor Krum and features Lee Jordan and Ludo Bagman for the Hogwarts and International games perspectively. The actual games however, are far from what you might expect as explained in the books. You mainly play as a Chaser,the Beaters are computers who protect the Chaser from Bludgers when attacked by the other team. The Seeker is only used after a certain amount of moves have been accomplished and the Keeper is a computer who seems to always be farther from the Quarfel as any other player.
But unfortunately it doesn't come for anything but Xbox anymore. It was a lot of fun to play, but since it won't work on my newer system, I had to return it.
I was disappointed in this game.  There were some improvements over the first game but not many and the bugs in this one really cancel the improvements out. I really enjoyed playing the first game. With this one I found Harry harder to control and this made some of the challenges very frustrating because it was difficult to get Harry to move the way I wanted him to and for my spells to go the direction I wanted them to (Even with targeting). The graphics disappear in many places.  This game really feels like the makers rushed to get it out and did not do a lot of quality control before releasing it.
After watching the beginning movie / film part the game froze. Disappointed in this game. Didn't look very used, Disappointed indeed.
No one plays it . I don't know why they just don't give it a try . Yet they do like Harry potter movies
This game is not that great... The loading takes forever and the challenges are annoying and repetitive. It doesn't really follow the book or the movie. I wasn't really impressed. The Chamber of Secrets game was definitely better. Controlling the three characters starts out being fun, but soon grows to be very annoying. I wouldn't recommended this even to a fan (i am one).
I bought this game as the next on in the series. I had played the second game and beat it in a week, I loved it and played it over and over. I had several choices of harry potter games to get next but I decided to get this one because it was the next in the series and had the most nostalgic feel to it of all the "newer" ones. It was way too short; the Chamber of Secrets took me a week to beat whereas Prisoner of Azkaban took a day and a half, and I don't play all day. it was not like the books that much it was similar to old, and bad, video games in which you have a class so you have to find the books that the teacher misplaced, or do all sorts of pointless tasks like that. It was also very monotonous. AND NO QUIDDITCH!Pros:good graphics.Cons:pointless tasks,boring and monotonous,too short,no quidditch.I got it at a good price though but I still returned it... It wasnt worth $7 to me. Apparently just like the movies, the games have been steadily declining in goodness. Oh well.
Nice graphics. But My kids who are fans of The books wer'nt able to maintain intrest.I'm sure I will finish it but I bought it for my kids....So.... I was dissapointed in their lack of excitement.As a parent I would buy Shrek 2 instead. My children loved itand were instantly into it and maintained intrest.
Let me start by saying that I too am a Harry Potter fan. Huge fan. As a late twenty-something female, I don't think I'm in a huge majority here, but I do love the books and the sense of fantasy, mystery, and adventure that they contain. Also, I really enjoyed the Chamber of Secrets PS2 game so I couldn't wait to try this one out.After getting it home and beginning it however, I began to have second thoughts. Usually when I rent a game from the video store, I go out and buy it because they involve hours and hours of complex game play that cannot be done in less than a week. This game however, can easily be finished in that time.That is not my main frustration with the game however. The game looks and feels cold and uninviting (for those who love the books and their sense of awe, that's missing here). The characters in this game are given voices, which is cute at first but becomes VERY VERY annoying when they keep saying the same thing over and over. Here's an example: you are trying to collect the "bertie bots every flavored beans" to exchange for goods from Fred and George and you can only do this as Ron...well, as you are doing this, Harry and Hermione KEEP saying "Ok Now, lets go" or "Lets go to Potions now" or "I'm really tired, lets call it a day" over and over and over. I ended up playing most of this game with mute on because I felt like I was being harrassed while trying to do something not directly related to a "mission".Also, the loading times take very long. Sometimes just walking in or out of a room takes a long time to load, which is incredibly frustrating if you mistakenly go into the wrong room. The dialogue cannot be fast-forwarded or skipped which is a drag if you are re-playing a challenge that you failed the first time, and the game just makes you more annoyed as it goes on.Another thing is that there is really not much room to build your own characters or their skills. No matter how many enemies you kill or how many challenges you complete, your level of proficiency remains the same.Additionally, there aren't many places to go "exploring" like one would expect from a Harry Potter game. You really just go to the area that you are supposed to do a challenge in, or hear the constant nagging from your other "friends" about how you are "supposed to go see Hagrid" over and over. Areas that you are not directly exploring at the moment are either locked or inaccesible. Therefore, there is no fun of exploring.The good parts are that you can save at any point (unless it's the middle of a challenge and you fail, you will have to repeat it from the beginning); and that you can switch between characters.However, these good points don't make up for the overall fact that this game just doesn't play seamlessly.
I knew it was a simple costume because of the price, it is an interesting cost x benefit. But in the first use, the button of the costume have broken... My son is using without it...
clasp broke immediately and is now no loger useable; glasses are extremely flimsy!!! robe is very large; overall not a good product
I bought this as a gift for a young woman to wear on cold days. Unfortunately, her birthday is near the end of summer and she would have to wait to wear this product.The quality of this product in regard to the tassels is laughably bad. 2 of the tassels on the scarf fell off while it was in storage, literally fell off due to the force of gravity. Despite these early warnings, she decided to wear it. Another tassel fell off during normal wear. They seem to be held on by 1 thin thread, and ignoring those that fell off, they do not seem securely attached to the scarf. I doubt these would last 5 minutes in the hands of a child.The rest of the scarf and beanie seem to be built better and appear to be well made. I would guess they will survive repeated use without signs of wear. If they do not, I will update my review.Overall, I don't feel I could recommend this as a gift to someone, unless you know they (or you) can sew. Just simply strengthening the tassel attachment on your own would make this a 4-5 star product after modifications. However, if the receiver cannot sew, this quickly becomes a disappointed product, 2-3 stars.
I bought this for my 10 year old cousin who is obsessed with Harry Potter. The second she opened it she was obsessed with it. Unfortunately, about 2 minutes after she put the hat/scarf set on, 3 of the tassles fell off the scarf. My aunt is going to sew them back on and reinforce the other tassles with a couple stitches, but I'm pretty disappointed she has to do this since it is brand new. It just seems like it must've been cheaply made. If I had realized that this would happen, I would've spent more money on one of better quality. Oh well... my cousin still loves it though! :)
Don't get me wrong.  My wife loves this game.  This is the first game on the PS2 I can get her to play.But the graphics are just plain terrible.  It's difficult to see your character and distinguish him/her from the background.  They frequently get lost on the screen clutter.  Due mostly to the clunkiness of the character, the controls are difficult.  But the good (or bad) news is that because the game is so easy, you can pretty much play the whole thing through in one sitting.Unless you're a die-hard fan and must have it, I wouldn't recommend this game.
I still believe the 2nd Harry Potter Game &lt; role plays > is best and although there are many pros and cons to this 4th game the cons outweigh the pros by a many.For those of you who have played the first 3 Harry Potter Role Games be prepared for some major changes to how this game is built up. Now unlike the first 3 games where one had to follow a story line and was not able to return to a certain point within the story this game is set up into several " levels " to which one can return in order to receive more tri- wizard shields which one is required to collect in order to unlock all levels. In a way it's nice to be able to return to certain points in the story but at the same time it takes away from the game. I used to enjoy the story line and little "movies" that came along with that.Like in the 3rd game one can play with Ron, Hermione or Harry which is nice but once you choose the character and enter a level you cannot switch characters until you leave the level again. It easier to collect beans now because killing enemy bugs now gives one plenty of beans as do certain fixed containers &lt; boxes and pots >. Unlike in the other games however one doesn't need to look for wizard cards anymore instead after completing certain levels the cards are unlocked and then one is able to purchase them with the collected beans. The cards can give each character strength, depending on how one uses the cards one can up their stamina, accio spell or jinx spells or even have themselves give more protection against certain creatures. The cards themselves show stills from the movie which I thought were nice. Now while equipping the cards can be a hassle in the beginning it gets easier once one gets used to it. There is no explanation on how to equip the cards in the games booklet &lt; well there is but not much really > so one has to figure out him/ herself how to equip cards and see which suits best. My recommendation is to equip stamina and jinx cards to kill enemies faster.Something else that is odd is when a character dies they magically replenish their energy. In a way its nice that way one doesn't have to start from the beginning of the level at the same time it makes the game too easy to play until you reach the level for the maze where you only play with Harry.Now something I did really like was the fact that I didn't have to switch between spells like in the old games you always had to pause in order to equip a new spell. Now the spells switch automatically depending which task one has at hand and which of the odd creatures' one has to kill. I do miss looking for spells though, while in the other games you had to look for each spell &lt; book > in order to gain that spell you already have most spells in this game. One only needs to find 3 spell- books in this game which in a way makes it less fun.Something else I liked about the spells is that the characters now do combined spells in order to lift heaver objects for example.While the graphics have gotten better there is very, very I mean really very little camera control which can tick a person off since you can't really look around and see where things are nor can you move the camera close to a character to look what is in front of that character.  Also one cannot walk around on the grounds. It is sad as I enjoyed looking at the grounds flying around searching for items. AND the only time one gets to fly is at the 1st triwizard challenge like in the movie Harry has to get away from a dragon. Try not to die too many times since it is a timed event. The less time one uses the more likely one gets the "gold medal" and plenty of beans and tri wizards shields. The 2nd Task was a joke really. I finished the 2nd task in less than 8 minutes and got gold right away. The 3rd task which is the maze can frustrate you when you don't know which way to go. And unlike with the other tasks when you die you have to start from a certain section over again. I almost threw the controller trying to kill them blast ended screwets &lt; not sure about the spelling >.There are plenty of other things I missed in this game. For example a quidditch match. I know there aren't any at school in the book and movie but they could have integrated at least 1 or 2 matches for the world cup with 3 to 4 teams. The mini- games in Moody's challenge are too easy and get boring after a while. Also there is NO EYETOY mini games like there was in the 3rd game which is costing this game some major points.And no Secret Wizard shop like in game 2 and 3 which would have been so much fun and at least worth collecting beans for.All in all I was disappointed that this game was worse than Prisoner of Azkaban and Chamber of secrets, and it was TOO EASY. I know I keep repeating that but it really was as for the fact that it only took me 8 hours &lt; divided over 3 days > to finish this game. Like many others I would suggest to rent this game first before buying it
If you liked the other Harry Potter games this one will disappoint you.  It is not a free-roaming game.  You do not get to go to Hogwarts and enter classrooms and grounds and search for anything. You have very little control over what spells you cast and they have introduced a confusing and time consuming card system that does not improve the game.  You don't get to fly around on your broom or look for secrets or items.  The camera is useless.  I don't know why they changed the game so much when the others were so much fun.Very disappointed.
This is by far the worst Harry Potter game put out so far. The camera angles are a pain since you can't change them, the controls while flying are a pain if you are used to reversing them and are not given that option, and this game has taken all the magic out of the experience. As a true Harry Potter fan, the best thing about the games was being able to explore Hogwarts. This game feels like a hit hit hit the button game which is unsatisfying and boring. Hope that EA games goes back to the previous format if they put a game out for the 5th movie!
The Harry Potter games just got better and better with each new release - until The Goblet of Fire - when the standard went into rapid reverse. Prisoner of Azkeban was suberb and expectations were high for the Goblet of Fire. What a let down ! The camera angle is limited and irritating in the extreme. There is very little interaction with the other characters and you can't explore the school that we have now become so familar with. The flying experience, speeding ahead of the dragon, is from a bygone era compared to the Hippogriff flying in the Prisoner of Azkeban. I just wish that E.A. games has stuck with the winning formula they had. I had hoped for this to be even better in the new game.  More of the same would have been so much better than this step backwards.
It's boring....there is literally nothing to do in the game. I know it's an older game, but the graphics were from 1995. I love the books and I wish they'd make an open world Harry Potter game.
If you are a fan of Harry Potter of even an avid gamer, this is not the game to get. This is (and I'm even including the re-release of The Sorcerer's Stone) byfar the worst Harry Potter game ever made. Why? I'll tell you.First of all, the cut scenes explain very little and the gameplay in the middle explains even less. There is no Yule Ball, no owlery, no exploring the grounds and looking in the various rooms. All you do is go to preset levels, explore them, and then return to the pensieve to choose another. There is really no point because the levels aren't really linked except for the Triwizard Challenges and even those are sloppy.The underwater challenge? First off, it doesn't explain it well enough. There is no revelation from the golden egg. Before this level, you go to the greenhouses and Hermione says, "Neville said to go to the greenhouses to help you brethe under water for an hour." Is this explained? No! Then at the end of the underwater level, you look up and see two things floating. What are these things? I would have no idea had I not read the book, but I did and so I knew what they were.The gameplay? Ack! It's so annoying! The camera is always like an arial view of everything. There's really no low shot except when you're running through a SMALL section of the maze. Other than that it's all above you.Then there's other parts that I won't even get into! All in all... Bad game! I wanted to return it, but they'll only give me $12 for it! That was my birthday money and I am SO not happy right now!
I had high hopes for this game after playing/beating Prizoner of Azkaban several times.  I was looking forward to finding new clues and searching the castle some more...but this game is a big-time letdown.The best part about it is that you can play 3 players at a time.  You can't switch between the characters; you are forced to  choose one at the beginning of a round.Go out and rent the game - don't buy it!!  I'm interested to see how bad they screw up Order of the Phoenix.
Once again we have a game with loads of work done on flashy graphics but terrible gameplay - immediately obvious from the beginning.If you're buying this for PC you will need specs at least 4x the recommendation. I have a PC at least twice as powerful as required but this game plays with horrible delay. Clearly the developers only tested on supercomputers.Add this to far too many cut scenes and menus, and some tedium about collecting cards and you have a pretty dull game.
If you liked the first 3 harry potter games because of the exploring, hunting, puzzle solving, etc. this is NOT the game for you.  I love the 1st three games and was very disappointed with this one.  If you are more into very action packed games that don't require much thinking, this is the game for you.  It's mainly a lot of button mashing without much strategy.
Troll it is.... as a loyal Harry Potter fan, I embraced the new HP game with high expectation, and sadly, they were not met.I have not played the other console, and pc game of the same title, so I do not know if the flaws of this version exist in the others.What is it about this game that would get its O.W.L.s grade of Troll? I will admit, the new graphics are great, compared to previous versions, and had a great deal ammount of potental to it. but it lost it after completing the first area of the game.Where is he familer halls of hogwarts... well, were is hogwarts itself? from the quidditch world cup you go immediatly to a small cutscene with dumbledore standing at the front of the great hall. he says a few things, and the doors open. then you are sent directly to a extra lesson with mad eye moody. then to the forbiden. oh my poor lament, my long lost hogwarts, why have you disappeared to be replaced with portkeys that that you to your next adventure with not immersive chance to walk around the school?The first task is fairly straight forward. just fly your broom in a straight line, pressing a button to avoid obstacles, and easy to beat dragon.  when the dragon comes after you going down, go up, if he comes at you going up, go down.then the yule ball, turns into a dance dance revolution rip off. it was after this disappointed point that I gave up.never have I played such a extremly disjointed game. there is not storyline, just random adventures that just popup.I recommend those who want to acutally play the story, instead of bits and bobs like in this version to choose one of the other non handheld versions, and to watch reviews for them, or faqs on them to see if your getting your moneys worth, and not just a series of instantly random scene with no adventure in between.
When I was a bit younger I happily played first the GBC Sorcerer's Stone, then GBC Chamber of Secrets, and finally saved up enough for GBA Prisoner of Azkaban. I eventually lost all of them, so when I saw GBA Goblet of Fire being sold used at a local store, I immediately snatched it up, sure that since the previous games had only gotten better, this one would be the best.Six hours later, I put down my finished game with complete disappointment. Maybe it's just because I prefer the old style, but this game was comparatively dull.Whatever spell you use is predetermined for each scene, leaving you with no choice in the matter. You're fed the whole story in boring snippets with no chance to discover anything for yourself. You can't just go out and explore the castle at will between tasks, you can only move within the area of wherever the game has decided you're needed. Sometimes these areas are large, but the large ones are mostly forest and never castle. The only choices you have throughout the whole thing is which bowtruckle/fire salamander/whatever creature to aim at first while pressing the A or B button over and over again, which trio member you want to use to fight, and whether you bother collecting any of the cards or whatever items there are lying around.The fight between Voldemort and Harry at the end was the worst I have ever encountered. Unlike the fights in previous games which took skill and strategizing, or at least an extremely high level that you had to work hard to acquire beforehand, you just tried to press the buttons it told you to accurately.This game required no thought. Six hours is actually a bit too generous, seeing as I started over at one point somewhat early on once I realized that there had been places I hadn't been searching for items. The only reason I haven't returned the game is because it isn't the store's fault the game sucked, and who knows? If I need to not think for a while in another year or two, once I've forgotten how bad it truly was, I might pick it up again for a few hours. For now, the game is occupying some unknown space on my bedroom floor somewhere.I'm giving the game two stars because a) I'm a die-hard Harry Potter fan, and b) there are probably some people out there who like this sort of game.I hope that when I eventually purchase OotP, it won't be nearly as disappointing as this one was.
I thought this game would be similar to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's not. I can't even get past the level where they are in the forest.  Also, if I try to use a different file, I can't get out of the first level.  I don't play it that much and yet I solved Prisoner of Azkaban.I really hate the Auto Save and I hope the next game they come out with is better.
I purchased this game to go along with my new Nintendo DS, and at the same time purchased the GameBoy Advanced game "A Link to the Past/Four Swords." Well, I've only had the games for a few days, but while Link meets my every expectation, Goblet of Fire falls short of the mark.I'm a huge fan of the HP series but don't expect perfect continuity when it comes to the movies and the games. However, based my forever-old GameBoy Color Harry Potter games, I *did* expect a certain amount of, well, plot, and I'm definitely disappointed there. The graphics are great, don't get me wrong, but who cares how good the graphics are when you're just shooting spells over and over at the same creatures? And really, EA, is it necessary to put seven of the same creature in one room? I think that's overkill -- pun not intended.If you're a diehard, hardcore fan, you may like this game just because it's all about Harry Potter; however, I'd recommend spending your money on games with more sustenance, even if that means having to go backwards-compatible with old GB Advanced games. Sure, you don't get to use the fancy touchscreen, but at least you'll be playing something that gives your brain some sort of workout.
The game definitely has some good things going for it - the sounds are very good, the adaptation of the film and books are overall well done, and some of the mini games are quite enjoyable. All of which does not make up for the most annoying part of the game, the sheer mind-boggling length of the levels. Not length in a good way, length in a "enter a room, beat the exact same creatures in the exact same way, solve a puzzle the same manner again" way. There is a line between challenging and monotonous, and the game designers crossed the line a long time ago. Certainly, shorter levels would have literally made for a shorter game, which is usually a bad thing. but nobody playing the game can help but groan when you clear one screen and go to the next that is exactly the same, and then keep doing that over and over.I also wish they had made more use of the touchscreen. The mini-games use it and are generally well done. You also use it sometimes when battling a creature. This part is actually pretty fun, and hints at the true potential of a Harry Potter game in which you do lots of things with the touchscreen, such as emulating wand movements. Unfortunately, the touchscreen creature battles happen randomly and rarely, and can be annoying - they take a long time for easy creatures that would have been defeated quite easily without the touch screen spell-casting mode. Conversely, they are quite handy when fighting some of the more tougher (or annoying) monsters, as you can always win fairly quickly in the touchscreen mode.The graphics are not quite up to par with other DS games, and there are places where the controls are difficult and the characters can get stuck. The gameplay is very straightforward - make your way from point A to point B, by killing monsters and unlocking puzzles (mostly by levitating things around). You play as one of the three characters, and the other two are with you can controlled by the game. However, for the most part they are useless and only get in the way. The game would have been much better if the other two simply apparated in when you needed them for those times when a large object just happens to block your path and can only be moved by the combined power of three wands.All in all, I cannot give this more than two stars, as its potential is more than overweighed by the glitches, the bad gameplay, and the annoyingly repetitive levels.
this game has the graphics of a video game from 10 years ago!! Very dissapointed...VERY! Game play was horrible, just an over all waste! DONT BUT THIS GAME!
The only cool thing about this game is that you can choose whether to play as Harry Ron or Hermione. And three people can play at the same time. Aside from that the game is not very much fun. There is no camera control, so it is hard to see all around you which is really annoying. There is also no jump button, so you cannot explore anything. Unlike all the other harry potter games there are no wizard cards to find. I always thought that was the best part, finding secret passages and wizard cards. all of that is gone in this game. In fact the gamecube game is exactly the same as the PC Goblit of Fire game. Don't waste your money on this game. There is no freedom to do what you wish in this game. It is not challanging at all until you get to voldemort at the end and that part is so frustrating and stupid. don't bother with this game.