This is a wonderful game for Harry Potter fans to play, but I wouldn't say it's worth the price that Amazon has currently set for this board game. There are certainly much cheaper board games out there, and even cheaper Harry Potter board games that will not require you to remember a book so thoroughly.To put it simply, you are assigned to one of the four houses of Hogwarts in this game, and you have to answer specific questions about moments from the bookHarry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone: 10th Anniversary Edition (Harry Potter)in order to advance forward and ultimately win. Since it deals with knowledge of the details in the first book, this can be a fun but educational tool for teachers to use in classrooms after students have read the book.While it can be fun for serious Harry Potter fans, it is basically useless for anyone who hasn't read the book. And if you haven't read the book recently enough to remember specific details, the game will be pretty hard for you. I know I'm being critical about the game, but it's just something to consider before you spend a lot of money on this board game.
Sure, the card game of War is all luck of the draw, but adding these complex rules just makes it silly.  While I enjoyed seeing a little bit of Quidditch in real life (in case you didn't know, it's he fictional game created by author/literary mastermind J.K. Rowling), I don't think it's really worth the work.
i couldn't help myself when i saw this product. The artwork on the cards are excellent and the gameplay is good, well, when you learn to play it. It's confusing at first play. I had to read the directions over and over. but eventually i got used to it and it became very fun. I recommend the game but i'd rather just admire the cards themselves.
I recieved this game as a Christmas present, and I have to say: the instructions are VERY poorly written and confusing.  They also don't tell you everything that you have to do.  Even for me, an 8th grader at the top of my class, it was confusing.  I admit, it is any Harry Potter fan's dream to play Quidditch, and that alone would be enough for me...
Its hard to believe that the creators of this game actually played it much before releasing it to the public.  My wife and I had to read the instructions twice before playing.  We quickly ran into situations and questions that were not covered in the rules.  A game like this has a lot of potential but the rules need to be thought out a little more carefully.  I think the only reason they are getting away with this one is by exploiting the overwhelming popularity of Harry Potter.Mattel claims in the rulebook &quot;We are dedicated to quality toys.&quot;  I suggest we all call them...and hold them to it.  It would be easy enough to revise the rules and release them on the internet.It seems some people have had no problems and have already enjoyed endless fun with this game.  My hunch is that they are comfortable with improvising and making up &quot;house rules.&quot;  If you fall into this category then by all means by the game.  I think there is plenty there for you to enjoy.
I bought this game for my wife as a stocking stuffer last Christmas, and we couldn't wait to play it.  The cards are very nice to look at, and they are of pretty good quality (for a deck of cards, of course).  The packaging could be better -- the odd-shaped box is impossible to stack, making it a little hard to store easily.We were a little disappointed: the instructions to this game are VERY confusing, and seem kind of incomplete.  We played many times, and almost every game we hit a situation which was not covered in the rules.  We even hit one point where we had four quaffles on the board, and once that the game couldn't end!  It also gets to be a bit repetitive.  Basically, whoever gets the snitch wins.  But it's still a fun way to pretend you're flying your Nimbus 2000 around Hogwarts.If you're a Harry Potter fan, this is a cute game that is fairly enjoyable, but it's not great.  It's not a bad cheap gift for your favorite HP fan, and it only takes a few minutes to play a game.  I think it would be a bit too confusing for younger kids to play, but with a little help from someone a little older, they will probably enjoy it.
This game is fine for kids under 12. This game is much to simple for older kids. With so many other games(Trading card - Pokemon,Magic ...etc.) this will not go with the older kids who have more spending power. This a nice gift for a young child.
I'm a 40 year old Ivy League graduate and I thought the directions were hopeless confusing. Once we sat down and played the game, things became a little clearer. Still I never really was sure when you could or should play the special cards, or when you were allowed to replenish your hands. We ended up making up our own rules to make up for the inadequate rules provided. It comes in a terrible box, I'm sure we'll lose the cards all too soon. Still my 8 year old ended up creaming me so he thinks it's a great game.
Three major problems with this game:1 The rules2 Omissions from the rules3 The box (in the UK at least)The rules are APPALLING. Has anyone from Mattel ever play-tested this game prior to releasing it? OK guys, we know and you know that you'll sell a shedload anyway, whether it's good or not, but why couldn't you have endeavoured to put in that last few percent of effort that would make this game work properly? I have paid GBP 6.99 for this game (UK RRP!) and I am feeling cheated. Who ever saw a game where the rules are by theme instead of chronological? Just because there are more quaffles than any other ball doesn't mean you have to go and write all you know about them before moving on. Why not write the rules chronologically? The fact is, it is possible to see a bludger before you have a quaffle in play and you have to go hunting through the rules to find out what to do. They are AWFUL.Does anyone out there have a rewritten set that works?Secondly, the omissions. What if you have played on all the quaffles in the pack and the golden snitch is in play. Yes, it happens. We just had to go on drawing bludgers and discrding on them till the first person drew a seeker. Dull way to finish a game... We seem to have to keep on adding to the rules to make it playable.Thirdly, the carton. Why not look at the boxes that Kosmos in Germany use? Proper flat boxes, with inserts, that keep groups of cards nice. For another dollar, you could have done this instead of supplying a wallet that it is hardly worth keeping.Other than all that, the game is quite entertaining. I would be interested to know what percentage of games are won by the person who does not get the Golden Snitch.
The game is fun, but aimed much more towards children in its simplicity.  This does make it easy to learn though.
i think you should make a book of answers for the game like pokemon has.
I'd say this game is successful at being fun but also at being a little tedious. Overall it's worth the four dollars I paid to get it.
The thing I've heard a lot of about this game is that it's a lot like Pokemon. It is not! If anything, it's like Dragon Warrior I.Pokemon: 6 party members with 1 fighting at a time.This game: 1 party member only.Pokemon: 4 move capacityThis game: A somewhat wide range of spells.Anyway, I would say that this is an amazing game. Definately a underrated gem. Of course, this was one of my first games, so I'm slightly biased. I cannot stress this enough: This game is not for everyone.Don't get me wrong, this is a very good game with many good things about it, but it also has quite a few flaws.The bad:Only one party member:The main characters are Harry, Ron, and Hermione, for some reason, the player only has control of Harry. This completely eliminates the party support, perhaps why it's often compared to Pokemon; but this a true RPG game with only one party member, this why *I* compare it to the original Dragon Warrior.Bottom line, I think this could've been so much better had Ron and Hermione been playable characters.No healing spells:Okay, I realise that there's no established spell of healing in the Harry Potter universe. And one could argue that not having a healing spell is an artistic choice by the creators to keep it true to the lore of Harry Potter, but this doesn't make it any less annoying. There's some really nasty bosses throughout the game, and it can be difficult without a healing spell. After all that time, one would thing a healing skill is mandatory in an RPG game. Even Pokemon, the black sheep of RPGS, has a healing skill, sort of.However, there is a number of healing items at your disposal. There's candy, and potions. Candy is really cheap, but it's not worth buying, I think a licorice wand healed 8 health points, or somewhere near that. Aside from the *very* beginning of the game, candy is useless. This leaves potions, Wiggenweld heals health(SP), and PepperUp replenishes energy (MP). There's also two stages of these potions: regular and grand. Grand heals an ungodly amount of health, and regular heals some health. The regular Wiggenweld potions are very good, until you start to level up a lot. Then the start to get more and more useless. This leaves the moderately expensive Wiggenweld Grand Potions, they aren't *too* expensive, but buying many of them will probably leave a dent in your wallet. Let's just say that healing isn't this game's strong point.Money can be scarce:There's a number of really good stuff at Fred & George's shop. At some point, they get amazingly expensive. For example, there's this hat they sell, and it cost three times the sickles I had at that point, and that was just one piece of the set of equally powerful and expensive equipment. And as I said before, potions aren't too cheap either. But on the bright side, there's some cheap alternatives, more on that later.General difficulty:The first time through the game, this game *can* be a nightmare. There's some pretty tough enemies, and some *really* tough bosses. But...this if you choose to evoid enemies and keep level grinding to a minimum. And many players seem to do this, and maybe that's what turned them off from the game. If you avoid level grinding, you'll be probably level 28 by the end of the game, which is...okay at best. You have to be very strategic and at times, lucky.However, you can choose to do a lot of level grinding. However again, level grinding is certainly not for everyone, and if you're not into those kinds of RPGs, then I wouldn't be able to reccommend this game to you. Nontheless, there is a lot of good ways to level grind, but it does take a while. For one, at a certain point of the game, you have to find chickens for Hagrid. Ya' gotta kill 'em! They're easy to beat and you get plenty of experience points. Plus, they keep respawning.Also, the enemies do not get more powerful as you progress through the game. For some reason, the enemies vary in strength depending on which room you are in. You can use this to your advantage: for example, there's some really tough enemies in the astronomy tower, you get more experience from enemies there than, say, the enemies in the grounds.Level 40 is a good level for Harry to be at. But...no matter what you do, the endboss still manages to be difficult *no matter what* your first time playing this.The Minigames (the charms exercise in general):Many of the minigames in Harry Potter are manditory, and they range in difficulty. One in particular would be the Charms Challenge, this is easily the single worst part of the entire game. It starts out simple enough, Prof. Flitwick waves his wand around and you have to copy his movements. But then his wand movements get more and more complicated, to a point where it's impossible to remember without a pen and paper, which shouldn't be needed in the first place. This would have been somewhat tolerable, but it's such a long mini game that it seems like it'll never end.This is supposed to be a kid's game, but I just can't see any little kid being able to do this. And it's a shame, because if you fail, you can't progress in the game.There's not much else to say about the mini games, they can be stale. There's 3 almost identical Quittich mini games! But they're not too bad.Short:Not counting all the level grinding that you *have* been doing, riiiggght? The game has about a 2-3 hour play time. The first time through, it'll be longer, just so you can level up. But if you decide to play it again, you'll be amazed how fast this game flies. It's a little disappointing.Very low replay value: I personally could and have play this game over and over, and I just have to play through it every few years. But to a person who gets into this game late and feels no nostalgia toward it, there's no replay value at all. There's nothing new, except for card collection that takes a couple of playthroughs to be able to complete. That is to be expected for the time, but the modern gamer likes to play games multiple times.It may seem like I'm bashing on this game, but I'm really not. This also has many good qualities, and even the bad things *can* be good.The good:Difficulty: This may be bad for *some* people, but many gamers love a challenge. This can be hard, but it's easy compared to many RPGs out there. A non rpg gamer, but a skilled gamer nonetheless would be able to play this, experience the challenge the game, and enjoy it. An RPG gamer could play this, consider it a nice break from the usual RPG, and also enjoy it. It's the best of both words, and it's one of the only easy *and* hard games.The minigames:Many are boring and hard, but that's to be expected. This is a GBC RPG, with more minigames in it. Most GBC games are just 1 crappy minigame and that's it. The fact that this is a GBC RPG AND it has minigames on top of it is just amazing, considering a lot of the bad Gameboy games out there.Short:There's so many long games out there, that this is a nice break. A lot of times, I don't like to commit myself to a huge 30 hour RPG (double that for me, because I'm so slow) , I just wanna play a fast and fun RPG, right?The music:Most people hate the music. I can understand that, so did I at one point. But it just grows on you. Keep playing the game with the volume up, and I guarentee you'll love it eventually. The battle music is good. And the endboss music is very atmospheric. Very nice soundtrack in general.Difficulty:This can be very tough, as I said. But with high enough levels under your belt. Boss battles are suprisingly fun and strategic. It very well *can* be a happy medium. It's frusterating when an endboss is tough, and it's disappointing when the endboss is too easy. At the right level, this game's boss fights deliver. But...good luck getting to that right level.Famous Wizards and Witches cards:Out of every Harry Potter game for any console, this has the very best card collection. It's for GBC, but there's so many cards you can find. Throughout the game, you'll probably be hooked on collecting these, emptying your wallet on all these cards. But the coolest thing about this is that you choose one of three decks, each containing exclusive cards. Effectively causing you to play the game three times to be able to collect them all. Considering the low replay value, you may not want to do this...but one must admit, this aspect is ahead of it's time.There's also skills that can be used if you collect enough cards and card combos, but the skills Harry can use with them are not nearly good enough to waste a set of Wizard cards on.In addition, if you get every card in a series, you get a key to a certain chest that grants you some very nice goodies and even a mini game. It's definately worth it.So, as I said. It's a very good game. Just make sure it's your kind of game before you pick it up. If you're willing to do a bit of level grinding, get out a pad and paper for the Charms mini game, all without expecting too much from it, this is the game for you. Enjoy!
Reading many reviews about the game of Harry Potter on this site, I was wondering why so many people can't find the ingredients of the potion Harry has to make for Sneep. I for myself know from other reviews that the snake's skin can be found in the office of Sneep, near the picture of the snake, but I can't possibly find it. Could this be an error in the some versions of the game? I would like the hear experiences from other people.On general, the game is rather agreable, but not as good as Pokemon and certainly not as good as Zelda (Oracle of Ages and Seasons).
You can't get past some parts. The game becomes pointless after that.
For one thing, I will say this game's not too awful but there are a number of problems that need to be addressed. For one, missions aren't very exciting, and they almost feel like fetch-quests like you see in RPGs. When it comes to broom riding the controls are awful, and I failed broom test flights numerous times because of the controls, and you have to repeat the course every time you fail. So, because of this I found myself yelling constant obscentities. The graphics are awful (Come on ! Consoles in this time period had better capabilities than this !), and the character voices sound terrible. This game feels like it tries to imitate RPGs too much, and falls flat on its face in the process. The game doesn't take much to complete either (I completed 29% of the game in just over an hour). With that said, this game doesn't suck, but it's not very deep or exciting either.
Shortly after popping this game into my PS2 I was ready to toss it aside. Considering the game's price, even though it may be a lot cheaper than games such as Jak and Daxter and others, I would have expected the graphics to be a little better. While I found myself satisfied with most of the graphics in the game the faces of the characters were not all that great. They did not look to me like something created by a professional and reminded me a lot of the faces from one of EA Game's other games for the PC, The Sims. Since both this game and The Sims are from EA Games it makes sense for the graphics to be a bit similar but come on, this is Playstation here, not a computer. I would have expected the graphics to be a bit better. It was a big surprise to find that the graphics on my sister's PC verison of the game were nicer than the ones on the Playstation game. The game itself is relatively easy for the most part. I was disapointed at how easy it was to complete the first task in the game of rescusing Harry's owl, Hedwig. There was only one path that could be taken and if you didn't follow that one path correctly you couldn't pass that level of the game. In my opinion the game consist more of going the right direction at the right time rather than one person's actual gaming skill. The Qudditch lesson is certainly not my favirote aspect of the game. I found it very hard to naviagte through the hoops and Madam Hooch was little help. I've heard that there is a way to change the controls but even with them changed I don't think the Qudditch lesson is a very good thing to put at the beginning of the game. The controls are odd and take some time to figure out and the game is not the most challening thing around but those truly dedicaited to Harry might find some fun in it. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who is not a big Harry Potter fan. Overall I found this game disapointing and less than it's summed up to be.
If you didn't read the first book then don't get this game. I finished this game really fast. The hardest part in the game is probably the galleon vault in Gringotts. You'd be surprised how easy You-Know-Who is. .
In this game you play young Harry and you are set surtan tasks do do on your way to lesons some are very easy others ant so like at the bank collecting you money is hard and fast but you all so are on the same story line as the film !
I recieved this game about four days ago. I opened the package and began playing it for about three hours. After that time I was about 40% done with the game. The next day, I played a total of three hours, and I was about 75% done. On the third day I played about two hours and completed it. Do you catch my drift?Now, I would classify myself as a very experienced gamer and have played a number of very difficult games. I would classify this as the easiest game I have ever played on the Playstation console(next to Ridge Racer). I will give it credit, however, the castle and the surrounding area was very well designed, the interactions with other characters is very good, and the levels are fun and interesting.If you parents are looking for a good game for your 7-12 year old, I would suggest this game. If you are looking to buy for 13+, I would continue my search elsewhere. Overall, this was a very fun and interesting game, but it wasn't very challenging.
I just bought this game today and had to post my thoughts.  Moving the character around the screen is difficult and confusing, which makes the first flying lesson difficult.  In the first flying lesson you have to fly through several sets of moving hoops in the order they appear in, but with the controls so backwards this is not easy.  You can reverse the flying controls in the setup, but that is the only change you can make and the movement is still difficult.  I don't think the game controls were designed with kids in mind.  Instead, the game seems thrown together.  However, once you get past the confusing controls and mediocre graphics the game itself is fun.  There are plenty of puzzles and action.  One other bad thing is you can't save the game whenever you want to.  Instead, you need to find a "saving point" which is a red book located inside the school (or at least so far this is the only one I've seen).  After only playing for 15 minutes or so, I was already 10% finished with the entire game.  This is kind of disappointing because for a ... game, there should be more tasks to complete.  My recommendation is to rent the game first.  Most places let you keep it for five days.  If this game is as short as it seems to be, then you should be able to finish it in five days.  Of course, if you're a die hard Harry Potter fan, then this is a nice something to add to your collection.
The Harry Potter game is not the best i've seen for a PS adventure game. The quidditch part is especialy hard because the controls are backwords. The part when you have to get the fireflies for Snape is extremely hard. I don't even know how to get passed it.My point is that if you are an expiranced gamer the you should buy it. But, if your not than I wouldn't recommend it.
This game is okay.  But the graphics are so bad that some of the characters are frightening looking.  Most of them are downright ugly.  It's hardly difficult at all.  Mostly you just go along and somehow get through the challenges by accident.  I don't like the save book.  Because there are places (like gringotts) where you have to do tedius tasks and there's no save spot so you can't just pick up where you left off.  I've also played the PC version, which I highly recommend.I hope you already know the storyline because they don't really give it to you.  You don't even SEE prof. Quirrell hardly at all.
The pieces do look exactly like the pieces in the movie. They pieces are big which is a plus. Unfortunately they are made out of plastic. If  you are buying this for a child who doesn't know how to play chess, the instructions are just the basics. You may want to think about getting another book that is more detailed. My biggest complaint about the toy is the chess board itself. It is made out of flimsy folded cardboard. I was expecting a nice wooden board at least. This is a nice toy for a Harry Potter fan, but is obviously over priced.
My 7 year old son and his friend's loved the game due to the action packed movie scenes. The box that contains the set will not last long due to it being flimsy and the board needs to be larger due to the large sizes of the chess pieces.
Although the pieces are patterned after those in the movie, the plain grey and black plastic comes off [inexpensive] and tacky. These are not weighted pieces - the knights are standing on soft flimsy back legs/tail which have been bent/warped to the side from box mounting/packaging so that the knight stands lopsided. Easily falls over. Just plastic [stuff].
the chess pieces are great, just plan on using a different chess board with it. The board is way too small for the larger pieces.
For the price (under thirty dollars at some sites), the quality and details of the (albeit plastic) pieces are quite satisfactory. My kid and his friends definitely love this, but more as a toy than a chess set. The problem is the size. The pieces are too big, especially for kids, and the board is too small. The pieces kept getting knocked over inadvertantly. If the board had been 50% larger, I would have given it another star.
I am 16 this is my sisters game but I played figuring that it would be a fun, quick game to play. I was wrong. I could barely get past some of the areas. My 9 year old little sister is stuck on the second night. The challenge of this game does not match its content rating. But it is still a good game just don't approach it as a game for kids.
My sons and I are all Harry Potter fans, and Santa brought the Chamber of Secrets game this Christmas. It was chosen over other games like Super Smash Brothers Melee because it was rated E for Everyone, rather than T for Teen. Well, after finishing the game this morning, I now realize that there's no way my 5 year old can play it unassisted... and I'm also preparing for the headaches and frustration my 9 year old will feel as he advances throughout the game. This game, while fun and lighthearted in parts, can be EXTREMELY difficult and frustrating, especially during the Incendio, Avifors, and Skurge Challenges and the encounter with Aragog. To my surprise, though, the battle with the basilisk was easy. But there were times my husband and I sat at the controls for hours trying to figure out what to do to advance (6 hours total for Aragog). Plus the game doesn't follow the book (or film) exactly, so be prepared for accuracy complaints from the kids.
I am SOOO frustrated!!! Every freakin' night, you have to go somewhere that your not supposed to be! Like the library for example! You have to go to the restricted section to get Hogwarts; a History for Hermione. First of all, if you have EVER read the Harry Potter books (your all pathetic if you didn't) then you know that Hogwarts; a History isn't in the freakin' restricted section! ANYWAY! You get back there, and there are prefects EVERYWHWERE! The camera is so limited in this part, that you can't see ANYTHING!The prefects are staring at everything at once! It is physically impossible for you to get past them unseen! And when you do get caught (as you undoughtedly will) they cry "Get back to your rooms!" or something like that. Then they send you right back to the beginning of the library not to your room! WHAT THE FREAKIN' HECK! If you somehow manage to get past them, then you have to do all this other stuff (including getting attacked by a refrigerater, which I don't see how it relates to the plot)and you can't save until you finish EVERYTHING! It's like "Sorry if you have to leave in the middle of it and can't save, or your younger sibling messes with your game or turns it off. Your just going to have to start over and somehow manage to get past those prefects again, even though the likelyhood of that is like a billion to one." Riding on your broom is fun though and helps relieve stress levels from the prefect parts and gives you something to do when you get stuck. Miraculously, I managed to reach the end. The final "boss" (the basalisk in case you didn't know and in that case I pity you) is the easiest thing that I have ever played and I beat it on the first try. I gave it a 3 star, because although it is quite disappionting, some parts are fun. I would recommend that you don't let kids under 10 play however, unless you want tham to be sceaming in frustration. That's what I did. This game is not one of the best ones that I've played.
I'll agree with the masses that this is (at last) a surprisingly good &quot;license game.&quot; The graphics are pleasing, the gameplay enjoyable and the connection to the book solid. However (and you knew there had to be a &quot;however&quot; in there, didn't you?) the game is extremely short, features some (admittedly rare) exceedingly unintuitive puzzles and deliberately flouts some conventions of the Harry Potter universe. I cannot tell you how many times I almost threw the controller down in disgust when trying to sneak by a cadre of librarians or Slytherin brutes (a la Metal Gear). I suppose this sneak/stealth element of the game could have been put to good use, but it seems absurd to not allow Harry access to his Invisibility Cloak.Ultimately the game features enough of the Harry Potter world to make it entertaining, but it could have been much, much more.  Here's hoping EA Games can make another quantum leap in quality when the next movie/game combo is released.
this game was good, fairly average, with some good parts, and a lot of bad parts. Quidditch was a lot of fun, but you only get to control the seeker, Harry.  The mini-games got boring, but before they did they were fun.  All aspects of the game are easy, except for the bosses, since no direction is given on how to kill them.  Once you figure that out though, its a breeze. That is, unless the camera angle doesnt trick you into running off a cliff or something. This game had the potential to be really good, and I feel the story is well adapted, but it was very uneven and should have been made with controls more like windwaker. This might be a good game for a beginner, but some parts are a little scary. Like aragog, or the crazy attacking bookshelf. Id say, if you rent this for 3 days, youll probably beat it, but its hardly worth the time, except quidditch
one word sums up this game: meh.it's really hard and you can never save when you need to. In conclusion, rent it, and see how you like it.
What I like most about this game is that you can explore Hogwarts alot wich is fun.But the game is really short and really easy.The PC versoin is much better!My fave part of all the HP games is usually quiditch,and here yoi can't fly around freely!WTF!That takes all the fun out of it!
I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I bought it to see how it is.Quidditch was the only fun I had on this game.What I didn't like:The game lagged for a while.Hufflepuff is purple and not yellow.It doesn't have most of the story plot (people petrified, no writing on the walls, etc).Not much games or time lapses.Not much is in the Chamber of Secrets (not like the book/movie).Polyjuice potion isn't like the book/movie.Overall, it is a judgement call if one wants to get this game or not.
this is the first harry potter game i have gotten, and i will say it is not that bad. i played it at a friends house and found it to be very addicting in the beginning so i decided to buy it myself. the game is pretty easy once you know how to do it.The things i didnt like here was that the camera jumps around so much, and so you can't really see where you are going sometimes and that really annoys you. Also, i found it pretty impossible to find out what to do next cause they dont really tell you so i wouldnt recommend it for younger children. you need to explore around ALOT on your own to know what to do next.but after that, it is easy to beat the game.Another thing was that the prefects and other people are so hard to get by, i tried about 500 times to get by them at one point in time, and they always catched me. it got me frustrated but it was all part of the game.so that is really it, i feel stupid after finding out how to do something after ive spent half an hour on where to go and what to do but maybe thats just me. it was challenging for me that way.one thing i suggest is you search for harry potter video game cheats and hints, and that will help you out on what to do if you are really stuck.but very nice color and beautiful imageshope this helped.
Overall, this is a fun game. I couldn't put it down for the most part. But I have several complaints. It's challenging, and almost too challenging. I've gotten stuck at least 3or4 times and I'm not even halfway finished, mostly because of the parts when you have to sneak past people. After several tries at each part - when I had sneak past someone - I figured out the trick to it and could do it over and over again, np. It took me a long time to ge able to get past the Expelliarmus Challenge Chamber (just when you think that your finally finished with it, there's MORE. Although it was 'fun'.... a little). And  I don't think that there's anybody out there who'se gotten past the prefects in the restriced section on the first seven or eight tries, even using stink pellets and luminous balloons. And it shoudn't have been rated E. well, maybe E10+. But don't get it expecting a seven or six year old to be able to play it without an adult helping throughout the most of the game. And don't get it if you're expecting it to follow the book/movie, which it hardly does at all...But it's definately worth renting.
The video game version of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was a bit of a disappointment. It doesen't seem as magical as it was meant to be, and it lacks certain qualities that made the book and the movie so enjoyable.The game doesn't really have a plot. It seems like while awful things are happening at Hogwarts, Harry is running around looking for books and other things. While the adult characters, such as Dumbledore, sound almost excactly like they do in the movie, Harry's and Ron's voices sound as if they were done by girls, and Hermione, instead of having Emma Watson's sweet, angelic voice, sounds as if she is getting over a horrible cold. The game has richly detailed graphics, but is very dark. I had to adjust the brightness on my TV at certain points.However, there are parts of this game that I really liked. When you have completed all of your tasks for the day, you can freely explore the castle and discover secret areas. There are many spells to learn and cast. It is fun to cast the Flipendo Knockback Jinx on different characters and see and hear how they react. And you can lead Gryffindor to win both the House Cup and the Quidditch Cup.I think that any Harry Potter fan should have this game, but I would read the book or watch the movie first. This game is just average.
you have to give the creators of this game some credit for doing an ok job with a game so tough to create- almost the entire population of people playing it know the general storyline, if not every nuance, of hp&amp;tcos.  it isn't particularly challenging, but the graphics are a treat.  i beat the game in a few weeks but i still continue to enjoy it. in the game you are allowed to fly around the grounds on your broom. the graphics during these flights are amazing, i really feel as if i'm flying, and it's a good way to earn burtie bott's beans. another plus is that after you beat the game you can still roam around the castle and find hidden wizard cards to try and complete your collection. my brother and i are having a competition and so far we've discovered 3 secret passageways and loads of cool stuff.~the negative bits~*the movies used in the game to explain the plot are very bland and boring, and there is no way to skip through them. in the unlikely event you get stuck on a challenge you have to watch them over and over. game? more like torture.*you have to go to certain spots in the world to save your game. i suppose this makes it easier for the game to keep track than if it were in the menu, but it gets really annoying.*if you plan on saving more than one game use a separate memory card. when my brother started the second game he had to pass the same challenge 13 times before he could get past a certain trouble spot where the game gave him an errorif, like me, you enjoy running around video games just for the heck of it, exploring the scenery and the like, and you're a harry potter fan, you will enjoy this game. it is rich in details and the graphics are stunning, especially when flying. if you're looking for a challenging, intirguing game or you can't stand harry potter, stay far away.
This games is ok if you like harry potter and if you dont. Some of the tasks are fun and learning new spells is also fun but the game is too easy except for the last bit fighting voldamort i had finished it in under 3 days playing and then it just got boring. It is still a great game thoug and the graphics and 10x better than the first harry potter they brought out. All in all if you like harry potter buy it if not then dont
I just love Harry Potter, so I was excited to try this game.  Well, I feel it has both pluses and minuses.  The minuses: It takes forever to load,and does this every few minutes through the game.  I also found it really difficult to figure out how to get through some of the challenges at first, and lastly, Harry's movement is not always easy to control (jumping and climbing). (Sorry, I just got done playing "Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy" by Naughty Dog and I am comparing it to that, which may not be fair :) )The ghosts are also really annoying, as are the prefects you have to sneak past all the time (Hey, Harry owns an Invisibility Cloak, remember?!?!  What happened to that?)On the plus side, it is very pretty and detailed, and the voices are good.  The addition of short scenes here and there will help those who are unfamiliar with the storyline (although it got a bit boring since I've read the book four times!).  Flying is really fun, as is just exploring Hogwarts on your own, and the spells are neat too.It would've been a better game if E.A. had taken a leaf out of Naughty Dog's book and made Harry easier to control (I guess that gets tricky with all those spells and items he can carry) and given him his Invisibility Cloak!!!  Lousy prefects!  All in all, this game is quite worth a try, but you may need to check out one of the online walkthroughs for some hints if you get stuck.
this game would rule if only two things were changed.  no make that three.  it should load less, it should talk less, and it should have better controls.  it only has avarage controls.  it sucks when it comes to lasting 5 minuets without loading, and it won't shut up and let you play.  maybe i'm baised, because i love Harry Potter, but it's still really fun.
This game is not for kids. The graphics are great (long load times) but my 9 year-old has stopped playing because of it's difficulty. I've tried to help him through things but then I find that I can't do it either. The repetitions get very tedious (I died 9 times and counting on the latest task). Maybe only a teenager can play it.
I'm happy to admit that I'm a fan of the Harry Potter franchise. I adored the first two books and the first two films and with the release of &quot;The Chamber Of Secrets&quot; in movie theaters last November (and now on video) came this game.  It's a Zelda-esque adventure title that's good enough, but could have been better.Before I get negative, I'll mention the high points of this gaming experience. First, the graphics are very nice. Harry's environments are detailed, the character models look authentic, and the spells Harry performs treat your eyes.  Second, the game controls well. It pretty much plays like the 3D Zelda titles from the N64 and Gamecube; you assign spells and items to various buttons and use them, jump automatically when you reach a ledge, have an &quot;action&quot; button that lets you talk to people or grab things and all that other stuff. Movement using the analog stick is very fluid, as well; Harry will move in whatever direction you command without any trouble.  Also, the game has many enjoyable mini-games, like Gnome-Throwing and Quidditch.  In addition, when you obtain Harry's broom, you can fly all over the Hogwarts campus, something that I really enjoyed doing.Now for the problems with this game. The first problem is that the load times are long and frequent. I thought when we left the 32-bit era, long load times would be a thing of the past. Unfortunately not, although this isn't the only game on the Xbox to suffer from this problem. Second, are the sound effects, voice, and music. To be fair, the audio in Chamber Of Secrets is good, so why am I complaining? EA didn't recruit any of the actors from the film to do voices in the game, and they didn't even get the John Williams score from the movie. The impersonators are good and the music is nice but I don't understand why they didn't go for authenticity on the audio front. This is very bewildering knowing that EA is one of largest and most profitable gaming companies around. Also knowing that EA got the original actors and score for &quot;Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers&quot; (PS2, Gamecube, Xbox) also from them, I'm wondering what was their excuse was with Mr. Potter. In my mind, there's no excuse for the omission.Next, the camera has some problems. At certain times in the game, you have to sneak around without being detected, like in &quot;Metal Gear Solid 2.&quot; During these times, you have to put your back to the wall. The camera zooms in too close to Harry, not allowing you to see the various guards you need to get through the area.  Furthermore, the game doesn't have a first person looking feature that so many other 3D adventure titles have, so it's difficult to see where the guards are. Be prepared to be caught and have many house points taken before you successfully pass.An additional problem has to do with the game's money currency. You have to collect Every Flavor Beans to buy things from Fred and George Weasley's shop, but whenever you're hit by an enemy like a flying book, you loose the beans you are holding (oh, by the way, I don't remember flying books attacking Hogwarts students in the books or movies). It's just like losing all your rings when you get hit in a Sonic The Hedgehog game, and in this case, that's not a good thing.  Just like Sonic, you only have a limited time to pick up the beans you lost, although here, it's even shorter. So if you can't get them in time, you're out by a couple beans.  This made me really mad, particularly when I had enough to buy a useful item only to lose them on the way back to Gryffindor Tower, not to mention how far I had to travel and/or how hard it was to find these things in the first place. My last problem, though, is that the game gives no indication of what to do in some sections, and thus, quickly translates into frustration.Overall, Harry is a decent game, but various problems drag the experience down a little. It's not a bad game, and it's better than most of the licensed junk out there. At least rent this game, though; you may like it a little more than I did.
Please keep in mind that my rating is based on an adult perception. My thoughtful sisters(aged 17 and 15)bought me this game for Christmas knowing that I was a covert "Harry Potter" fan. The game is great for kids. Challenges were both unique and well constructed throughout the game, and were kept very simple for the young'uns. Moving through the game was made simple by a system in which all you do is walk around and when an obstacle presents itself, you push a button to do what the system tells you to. This was probably the most annoying factor I found in the game, but again it IS a kid's game. Maneuverability was greatly hindered by the difficulty in the controls. I found it very hard to turn and such while the game maintained the correct camera angles. Graphics were very stunning and kept up with the outstanding performance the XBOX is known for. The character interaction was a little lacking, and mainly pertained to the task at hand. The game did a great job of following the storyline of the original book, though. Of course it had it's own embellishments to keep the game exciting. In conclusion, go ahead and pick it up for the kids, or for yourself if you enjoy the "simple pleasures" in life.
I bought this game for PC right around the time it came out. I did not have an Xbox at the time. It was really fun on PC with lots of time to explore the castle, collect beans, play Quidditch, and trade beans for different items, not to mention learning magic.I liked this game so much that when I got an Xbox 360 I decided to get this game for it as well.I was very excited and the game was fun at first. It did have a recurring problem though, where the the picture moved very slow but the audio moved at regular speed. But it was really no big deal and I kept playing the game. The environment around the school was very cool and it was fun exploring the castle.Then it started getting really challenging when you would sneak out at night or do a "Spell book challenge." Like many people have said before, the camera angles do not do anything to help you jump in the right direction. This led to falling off of a platform and losing all of the beans I might have been carrying. It was extremely frustrating. Also books, ghosts, and flying jars for some reason attack you, causing you to drop your beans.  The fire crabs get extremely annoying too.Overall I was not too impressed. At times it was fun but mostly just frustrating. To be honest, I would much rather play the game on PC. There is so much more to do and it is so much more fun.
In three words that really sums it up for me. The game itself is pretty fun, but I ended up beating it in a day because it was just too short. I was also disappointed with the ending being much too easy and hurried. Additionally, I second whoever wrote in their review that the camera angles are just not helpful and that the issue of losing your beans every time you're hit is such a pain. I suppose that was it really.. most of the levels are pretty fun, just not long enough.
Worth a few hours but didn't knock my socks off.
I got this game for Christmas and beat it with in days. I was shocked at the easiness of the game. I also own Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for GBC and that was really cool the graphics were bad but the story was awesome. It included things that the movie forgot and was a better game. U had better abilities and more of a challenge. This game was just simple a baby could beat it. I was expecting better because of GBA but I was very disappointed but it gave me a few hours of fun.
This is a great game and all. Its fuin but the graphics could be better. You get different spells but you can miss them so be careful.
If you have the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets DVD and watched the preview of the video game on the extras disk, THIS IS NOT IT; that's the Playstation 2 (or &quot;better&quot;) game you're seeing. This one is a pale imitation. You mostly run around Hogwarts, shoot little balls of light out of your wand, and face sequential challenges, all of which seem to revolve around precision-jumping from one platform to another.It's not a BAD game; it has it's moments. But it shows that even the irrepressible Harry Potter can't escape the Curse of the Movie-Spinoff Video Game.
One of my favorite Playstation 1 games.  I still appreciate my PS 1 despite having a PS 2 and PS 3.
the game was fun and good. my past experience in the game made it to easy but thats alright.definitly suggest this game to others.
My kids play it some but not a real big hit with them . Just a so so game .
I was very excited to see that EA was creating a "Quidditch World Cup" game.  I'm a huge fan of their real sports titles, so I expected this one to be very good.  J.K. Rowling has clearly defined the ins and outs of this imaginary game played on broomsticks in her books, and it seems like it would be a wonderful game to play if it were real.  With that said, I'd love to give this game a four or five star rating, but I have to say that it only deserves three.  Why?  For many of the same reasons that others have given.  The games do get quite a bit redundant and are very easy to win once you've mastered a few of the special moves.  The celebration scenes by players when they've scored a goal and the special move sequences also become very redundant and boring after awhile.  Also, the beaters and bludgers take some time to get used to.  I must also agree with another reviewer that I was a little let down by the fact that Ireland didn't get a team on this game.There are some good things about this game, though.  EA took great care with the design and look of the stadiums and the individual players on each team.  Fans of the books and the films will recognize Quidditch players like Harry Potter (obviously), Viktor Krum of Bulgaria, Cedric Diggory of Hufflepuff, and a whole slew of other characters from all of the houses of Hogwarts and the international teams.  Students from the individual houses, including Potter's trusty friends, Ron and Hermione, teachers, and others are spectators at each of the games.  The stadiums look wonderful, and each has its own signature features such as the jack o'lanterns on the U.S. field (my personal favorite).Everything is in place for a great "sports" game with "Quidditch World Cup," I just hope that EA goes back and refurbishes a few of the monotonous things about this game and gives fans of Harry Potter and Quidditch something to really get excited about.  This one will suffice for now, but I'm sure that with the major success of this franchise, there will soon be an updated version of this game.
I bought the Gamecube version of Quidditch World Cup so that my ten-year-old daughter and I could play it together on our widescreen TV. For the most part, it's very fun, and it DOES have a 16:9 anamorphic widescreen mode for those of you with widescreen TV's. I wish more Gamecube games had this feature. Very cool.The single player game is quite fun, and worth the price of admission for sure. That's been covered in other reviews. But I have to cover the two-player aspect here, and that's where it gets docked a couple of stars:In the books and movies, the scoring system (150 points for the snitch) always seemed strange to me. It was as if the only thing that mattered was catching the snitch. The only time that the rest of the game would be important is if it dragged on for an unusually long time and was a particularly high-scoring game. Without that, the rest of the game is just killing time until the race for the snitch happens.I'd hoped that EA would somehow come up with a gameplay mechanic where the rest of the game meant something. They didn't.When you play Quidditch World Cup, it's even worse than in the movies. There's actually no way to play a game where the base score matters. No match ever lasts long enough to score highly enough for the snitch capture to become strategic. The snitch always appears too soon, before the base game has had a chance to really make a difference. And when the snitch finally appears, it's the end of the game no matter what. Someone has to catch it, you're locked into the snitch chase until the capture.In addition, the snitch capture itself is iffy. Between the two players, one player almost always has more speed boost power than the other. The player with the most boost power always wins the snitch capture. Frustratingly, there is nothing in the in-game tutorials which tells you how to gain more boost power. You must crack open the manual to glean the following information: Boost power is increased by performing passes and combo moves during the regular game.What this means to the game... Since the base game score itself is meaningless, and only the snitch capture matters, then the gameplay during the base game becomes a competition for who can do the most passes and combo moves. Not who can score more goals. Making the base game score even more meaningless.I think that EA could have done a few things to make the snitch capture more strategic:1. Allow the base game to last longer. Don't make the snitch appear so soon. Allow for higher scoring games.2. Allow the snitch chase to be &quot;missed&quot; instead of railroading you into a capture. Make it so that if you miss the snitch, the rest of the base game continues a while before the next snitch appearance.3. Allow for the two players to have a more &quot;even&quot; competition when racing for the snitch. There is a key which supposedly lets you &quot;barge&quot; the other player during the race (again, only mentioned in the manual, it's not in the in-game tutorials), but I never saw it work.However, with the above off my chest, I can wholeheartedly recommend the game for single player play. The above complaints only count for a two-player game. In single player mode, it is great fun, will provide many hours of great gameplay, and very much worth the price. My daughter loves it.
I guess I might be the only reviewer who found this game to be a little bit boring.  I love all things Potter....but I found the game play to be very repetitive and uninteresting.  Chasing the snitch was challenging .....but I don't think that this game was as fun as the other Game Boy Advance Harry Potter games.  I would definitely buy it USED if you have to buy it at all.
If you're a fan of the books and movies, you'll probably like Quidditch World Cup.  The gameplay is fairly challenging, the visuals are stunning, and some of the special moves are pretty spectacular.  However, the game is not without flaws.  It's wayyyy too easy at the lower levels, especially at the Hogwarts games.  It's all too easy to score goals, and it can be annoyingly easy to control the results of the match.  I've deliberately set games up to result in draws, and after an hour or so it was easy to win at Hogwarts by at least 500 points.  Also, Quidditch was designed to be played in three dimensions.  It wouldn't have been too hard to build a game to handle it; we've been making flight simulators for years.  Oh well.  It's still an enjoyable game, for all its flaws, and worth ten bucks.  Maybe we can look forward to QWC2 sometime soon.
Dude, this game be el-crapo. I would rather play donkey kong a billion times then look at the cover of this game.  First of all in Harry Potter #4 in the 6th chapter you will note that harry has changed his uniform from a brown to a royal blue. That just infuriates me that they didn't change it in the game too!!!!  The game was sweet but I couldn't get past the color palette. My favorite part was being able to pull out your wand and try a combination of buttons to vex a player of the opposite team. Sometimes you get caught pulling out your wand so watch how much you do it. I feel that you should still by this game because of all the extras.
I really don't know a lot about this game as I bought it as a Christmas present.
Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup is an entertaining game. Players begin by selecting a Hogwarts House they like. After practicing with each position on the Quidditch team, the race for the Cup begins. You begin by facing off against a minor house, like Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw, depending on which house you pick in the beginning. After defeating them, you must go against either Gryffindor or Slytherin for the Quidditch Cup. After this ends, players are able to explore the International Quidditch World. this involves competing against teams such as France, USA, UK, Germany, Scandinavia, Japan, Bulgaria, Spain, and Australia. Throughout the game players can acquire Wizard Cards and new Quidditch moves. There's also a two-player mode that is really fun too. Another feature that gave this game a little more depth would be the different weather changes at both Hogwarts and the International stadiums. I give this game a 3.5/5 with the title of "good".P.S.- I'm not Kathy, I'm her kid. This wasn't by her...just saying.
Okay, if you know the basics of Quidditch, I don't need to explain. To the review:Graphics:Definetly the game's strongest point. The players, the stadiums, everything looks beautiful. I love playing in the Japanese Quidditch stadium, because there's a big pond with a cool little bridge that just looks wicked. The little movies are fun to watch because everything looks fantastic.Sound:Also a strong point, but it really starts getting repetitive when you play your 5th match. Still, it at least sounds pretty acurate.Gamplay:THIS is the game's weakest point. For one, it's just way too easy to swamp the other team 360 points to nothing. When you're playing for the World Cup, it can get kinda boring.Also, the idea of Quidditch seems too simplified. You can't fly wherever you wish, you don't have any vertical control...It's still pretty fun, and you can get really wraped up in the game and forget it has anyting to do with 'harry potter' but it's almost just a kid game, which kinda ruins it.The 2-Player match can help this, because if you play with someone who's just as good as you, then it gets real challenging and real fun.So, it's all right for a kid's game, but rent it before you buy it.
Yes, an extremely fun game. I enjoy this game very much! The graphics, especially if you have an updated video card and with the Directx 10 I beleive it is called that comes with the game, the graphics are just superb! Almost realistic with the jet streams and smooth cornering. The graphics in some areas however do tend to look &quot;cut together&quot; in areas, but nothing is perfect.However, the game does get harder the more you play. I recently won the Quiditch World Cup playing the USA, I also was undefeated! BUT, the next contest level will start with the Nimbus 2000, then it will be NImbus 2001 and finally the hardest the Firebolt level! I'll admit I struggle with the ability to get the special moves down, so that is making playing the next levels practically impossible.Now, if you want a very fun game play, this is it. But, I warn you, it gets harder and harder the further you go in.PS: I'll give it 4 stars since it is that much of a fun game and for the graphics... totally cool graphics! However, it could use some more options -- like working with upper level brooms on Exhibition Mode, that would be nice.
This game overall was pretty bad.  I didn't like many things.  Few things I liked were overpowered by the bad.Graphics: 8/10The characters look real, but cheesy all the same.  The castle looks like cardboard and I don't see much depth in it.  The graphics are sometimes choppy, but generally pretty smooth.Sound: 5/10Where's the good music?  I'm wondering.  Hermione sounds like a 3-year-old and so does Ron.  They start repeating themselves and then it get's annoying.  Harry sounds like a real wuss when he cast spells.  I think the sound sucks.  The footsteps- you can hear them, which I like.  The birds give it a real feel but I still think the sound sucks.Gameplay: 9/10Just not perfect.  The quidditch in this game is better than the quidditch in The Quidditch World Cup game.  The spells are easy to cast- I like the set up.  You format the spells to either the SQUARE, TRIANGLE or CIRCLE buttons.  Hold down the button and release to cast.  Simple- ahhh yes the aiming is simnple too (hold R1).  Easy huh?  The gameplay otherwise is also smooth.Difficulty: 5/10Not hard at all.  Easy to beat.  It wasn't a complete joke though.Storyline: 6/10It follows the big events but leaves out the small ones.  It also changes things around.Replayable? Nah... I barely lasted through.A comment or two:  This game was ok.  Fun i guess.  Rent it first and buy it used.  I hate the fact that you have to go on adventures to find spell books.  I wish I could take classes and learn spells in there.  This game could be so much better.A flaw I noticed: When they fight the troll's, Professer McGonagall says that I was lucky to be alive.  Soon, later on, I fight a troll in Herbology.  That upset me.Overall:  Try it and if you love Harry Potter, you might like it.  RENT THIS GAME FIRST!
This is the first in what I hope proves to be a great series of XBox/XBox360 games. I really enjoyed playing the first, can't wait to continue the series!
Lame Game, bought it because of Harry Potter 2, and it was way worse.  There was no magic in playing it. :'(
I was so excited when I got this game...I expected something far more challenging, complex, and more spectacular in the graphics department than the former two games. Well, my expectations fell short, at least for the first two. Instead of focusing on the plot, the designers instead focusing on every little detail, from the hemming on the characters' robes (which brings me to ask...is that underwear that Ron wears outside of his jeans?) to the fact that when you gallop Buckbeak, he actually sets down his feet accordingly to the pace (as people who ride horses will see).POA is probably the flimsiest Harry Potter video game on the market. It has a murky, incomplete story line that will leave people who haven't read the book and haven't seen the movie thinking, &quot;What? Didn't Sirius, like, kill thirteen people? Why is Harry so eager to help him escape?&quot; Along with this, it is so short that you could rent it, beat it, and return it that very same day. It literally took me five hours to complete it. Another downfall is that the expansive, breathtaking Grounds make the little space in the Castle seem even littler. Even though I didn't want the same old repeatitive puzzles like in the Chamber of Secrets (for PS1), I still wanted the get-yourself-lost feel that the predessesor had. Don't even get me started on the pathetic excuse for mini-games. And: WHAT HAPPENED TO QUIDDITCH?!?!It might seem like I hate the game, but don't get me wrong, it is still fun while it lasts. Among the pros: You can play as Harry, Ron, and Hermione (my favorite is Ron, as he can open up hidden doors and rummage through the bookshelves) but sometimes the frequent, repeatitive advice from your other shadows can get annoying (EXAMPLE: When you have completed your tasks for the day your friends will nag you and nag you, &quot;I'm really tired. I think we should turn in&quot; and &quot;It's getting late. I think we should turn in&quot;); you get to fly Buckbeak around the Grounds, which is fun the first couple of times but wears off; um...Final Verdict: Rent it---You'll play it through once and forget it.
This game is fun to play I really liked it. But there are pros and cons. Pros- Fly Buckbeak, Many spells but ur 3 characters can all use diff ones, Pretty good missions.Cons- graphics are sometimes better sometimes worse, no quidditch, slow loading and movement reaction, bad replay value,bad aiming. But all in all its a fairly good game it doesnt follow the movie and book very buch but oh well. My advice rent dont buy.
I'm going to start off by coming right out and saying that I played the first two titles in this franchise, and enjoyed them both.  I've read the books, seen the movies, and have enjoyed (for the most part) the games.  So as you read this review, appreciate that I'm not coming down on Harry Potter himself, nor am I slighting the world that Rowling has created in the books, and Warner Bros. have put to the screen.  Nor am I even taking undo shots at the great and mighty Electronic Arts, although they deserve a few for getting a little lazy with this most recent addition to the line of Potter gaming titles.First and foremost, let me air my chief complaint.  You don't play Quidditch.  Not once.  In fact, you never touch a broom.  The Quidditch matches are reduced to a static cut scene, where you're simply holding the Quidditch Cup.  The cynic in me suspects that EA left it out to help drive sales of their stand-alone Quidditch title.  But none of the speculation matters, it's simply not there.My second issue is this game is exceptionally short.  I'm not sure how long it took me to finish each of the first two, but it was longer (in each case) than the 5 hours or so it took me to play this one from start to finish.  That's not braggadocio.  I mean, for one, we're talking about a game in the Harry Potter franchise that has to be something that can appeal to, and be completed by, a wide age and ability range of gamers.  So 'easy' isn't an issue here, particularly since a game like this isn't so much something you get for a challenge, but rather an opportunity to sort of live a little bit of Hogwarts.  For another, I enjoy getting off the beaten path a bit in games.  So this wasn't a case where I just raced through, I collected the pages, cards and beans (although there was really no point to it -- in the last title you spent beans on trinkets Ron's brothers had for sale, not so here).  I played the side games, made sure I had A+ in each of the 3 'minigames', Buckbeak's bat chasing, owl racing, and dueling club.  The point is, even if you allow yourself to be sidetracked, there will quickly come a point in the game where Dumbledore tells you to speak to him when you're ready to hear who won the House Cup.  Make no mistake, that's the end.  With no final cut scene, save a grimacing Snape as confetti falls, and some jumping around by the winning house, the game simply drops you out to the main menu.  I'm not sure I've ever seen a more abrupt ending, it's a bit like the developers meant to do more, and simply run out of time.To wrap up my gripes, the control is a little wonky in this one, some sloppy camera angles allowing you at times to lose site of everything as you stare into the woodgrain of a bookcase, or a stone wall that has blocked your field of view.  Games with this perspective have been around long enough that this should have been much cleaner.I'm not all complaints though.  This is, by far, the best visual presentation the franchise has enjoyed so far.  There's a level of artistry in this game that really jumps out at you, and there are times when you'll find yourself admiring the composition of different scenes.  They clearly went out of their way to make it look good.So that's the quandary here.  The game looks good.  It plays adequately, and while brief, it's true to the story.  So is it good?  I'd have to shrug and say `yes', and I'll give it 3 stars for the sake of this review.  It's certainly worth a rental, and while I know some will scoff and flap their Hogwarts robes in outrage at the suggestion that this isn't worth buying -- I think that's an important point to make here, and one that I wish I had considered before plunking down cash for this game.  Really, don't buy it unless you're making a point to collect.I sort of imagine the development team for this game sitting around a table some time ago, in a meeting intended to lay the groundwork for the game.  And in my imagination, a lot of great ideas are tossed around, but then someone in a suit with insectile eyes speaks up and says "Look, that's all great, but toss it out.  What's important is the cover.  As long as it says 'Harry Potter Prisoner of Azkaban', it will sell.  Make it look pretty, but don't spend just a ton of time on this.  Create a linear gauntlet of 'Point A' to 'Point B' light puzzle solving, use the voices of at least some of the actors from the movie -- and it will sell, and sell well."  I don't know if that's how it happened, but this game falls well short of expectations driven by the first two titles.  It's always those people in the suits...You do play as Harry, Ron and Hermione.  There is "new" action, such as flying Buckbeak, and Hedwig.  But there's no depth to any of that.  Some of the puzzles are clever, the visuals are terrific, the sound is solid.  It is, in the end, a Harry Potter title, true to the book and the movie, and for that alone, this game will find its way into people's libraries.  I simply hope EA gets its act together and really does something with the next title, so that I don't again feel like the game was merely an afterthought.  The first two didn't feel or play like that, there's really no reason the third one should have.No Quidditch.  How could they?
This game isn't one where you can wander round at will and really jump into different quests when you want to, it has a very set sequence of what you have to do and is one quest at a time.  It was entertaining though, as linear as it was, but not that challenging.
The graphics may be better, but the game itself I find to be far less fun than the previous two years that came out on the Game Boy Color.
I recently ordered this game, and it just came yesterday afternoon. I have already finished it. Need I say more? The game leaves out many important plot line, never do you fly a broom or play Quiddich, never is the Marauder's Map mentioned, and never do you get to vist Hogesmade. Starting to get my drift? I only rated this game as highly as I did because the graphics are pretty good (for a GBA), and it was pretty fun while it lasted. I am not bragging when I say it took me about 5 hours to beat. I am a gamer who explores the whole game, not just following the plot line. If you haven't read the book or seen the movie, there is no way you will understand what is happening. There are really no puzzles to solve either, everything you have to do is extremely straight forward. Another thing I didn't like about the game was that events that could have been made fun and challenging were not. Let's take the example of the dementors. In the game, they turn this into an incredibly stupid mini-game that has no point whatsoever. This is also the case with flying Buckbeak and defeating the boggart. The replay value is also next to zip because you keep your level when you restart making you too powerful for the game to have any meaning. In conclusion, if you have a lot of money to spend, by all means get the game. If you don't and you are looking for a game that will last you a long time, this is definitly not your game.
Pros:-fun-a lot of leveling up possibility-a lot of spellsCons:-very short no matter how much sidetracking you do (I did as much as possible)-the prizes for collecting cards are crappyConclusion: definitely worth playing.
I really like the Harry Potter series games for the gameboy, even better than the playstation.The only downside to this game is that it was extremely easy.I am terrible with video games which is why I stick to the more basic gameboy, much to my husband's amusement.But even this game was a cakewalk for me.I would still recommend though if you are a fan and just need to fill some otherwise boring space.
After playing the first two Harry Potter Gameboy Advance games, this one was a bit of a disappointment.  I don't like the staged fighting where you encounter the enemy and have to fight back and forth- they get a shot, you get a shot, they get a shot, you get a shot, until the hit points causes the other to be defeated.  That's pretty much this entire game and it gets pretty annoying, especially once Ron and Hermione join in.  Harry gives a hit, then Ron, then Hermione, then the first monster hits, second one, third one, and so on.  Very repetitive.  In my honest opinion the first two were a lot better and followed the story better.I will say that the graphics were excellent on this game and overall it was moderately fun.  I'm a huge Harry Potter fan so I can't dislike it too much! :)
The Eye Toy features of the game (located in the After School Games section of the disk) is the only reason why I rated this game as highly as I did. If you are a Harry Potter fan and an Eye Toy owner (like me), you'll love the arcade style games where you move your hands.One game deals with smashing garden gnomes (a reference in the original books to the gnomes that invaded the Weasley family's garden). Another game deals with trying to catch the golden snitch. A third game have you smashing chocolate frogs against the window of the Hogwarts Express train window. The fourth game requires you to set off dungbombs outside Zonko's Joke Shop. The other two games have you smashing gobstones and exploding snap (the latter is a match game where you have to find the one card that matches the card that you have).You can play all the games at once in a tournament or you can play each game separately. If you use the tournament mode, there are a few cute touches, like having the Sorting Hat detemine which of the four Hogwarts houses you'll play for and various ghosts that will interrupt your play and you have to get rid of them by shrieking into Eye Toy's built-in microphone.Unfortunately the rest of the videogame package fails to live up to the Eye Toy's lively and addicting games. The main adventure game has clunky controls that makes playing it very frustrating at times. I literally hit my breaking point when I got to the part where you have to save Neville from the Muggles Studies classroom and you have to play as Ron Weasley battling some ghostly creatures carrying lanterns. The game requires you to pause the game, load the Lumos Duo spell on Ron's magic wand, un-pause the game, use that spell until the creatures turn solid, then pause the game again, load the Expelliarmus spell, un-pause the game again, and use that spell until the creatures break. In the meantime, the game makes it impossible to gather all three creatures in one place so you are forced to keep on pausing the game, loading one spell, using it, pausing the game, loading another spell, using it, etc. on one ghostly creature at a time. This definitely interferes with the flow of the game and it becomes very tedious after a while. On top of all that, the other creatures are hurling lanterns at you and there is literally no way you can protect yourself from them. If Ron gets hit with the lanterns too many times, you have to begin the same tedious battle all over again.The adventure game does have excellent graphics and some of the puzzles are imaginative. Unfortunately, the control problems definitely overshadow the game's good points.There are also some non-Eye Toy mini-games but they had a half-finished feel to them, especially on the Owl Race where there is no background music while the race is going on. It seems like the developers ran out of time before fleshing out the mini-games so they could only go as far as possible. That's too bad because the mini-games had potential.Overall, I would rate the Eye Toy After School Games five stars and the rest of the game two stars.
harry potter games are fun, but this one wasnt the greatest.  i agree with some of you who said it started off too abrupt.  the chamber of secrets atleast had some levels in diagon alley and at the burrow, but this one started off on the train.  it was just kinda dissapointing.  secondly, this was the first time you dont get to play quiddich.  that sucks cuz quiddich is a hella fun part of the game.  plus it gives everyone a break from the story plot, delivering a world to the player that is closer to reality.  all in all, its a semi fun game, but now very challenging.  my grade would be a C
Harry Potter Game series are one of the games I'm looking forward to play and of course when PoA gam is out, I thought, what the heck, lets try it. And try I did.Graphics are the well satisfactory but I like to turn around and see my enviroment more than it can offer me. Storyline is well along the line of the book and I don't have to tell you about that, or I would spoil you from reading the books.The most let down of this game is that it is too damn short! It's shorter than what they have done to the movie itself, I don't have to tell you how many scenes they cut from that book *winks* There are only a few tasks and not much exploring in this one, as I would compare to the CoS game. It's much more fun playign the last game than this one. But it's quite awesome for kids though, but not for us hardcore fans.
I love the Harry Potter books.  Won't go into the depth of my love for this saga--suffice it to say, I LOVE the books.The HP movies and video games I treat as amusing apochrypha to the books.  As far as the video games go, until now Electronic Arts has shown a loving attention to detail and gameplay for all of the Harry Potter series, even going so far as to adapting trivia and minutiae from the books and the &quot;schoolbooks&quot;.Why, then, is the Prisoner of Azkaban video game so haphazardly put together?!This is the first time in the Electronic Arts HP series that the video game bears only scant resemblance to the book or the movie.  It's as if you're playing a &quot;Fanfic&quot; version of Prisoner of Azkaban: Ron has to drag Harry away from the dementors in the first segment, a la Resident Evil-style.  (He actually has to do the dragging thing again later on--can't Harry stay awake for once?!), there are absolutely NO PLOT POINTS that indicate ANY EXPLANATION of the story, other than Sirius Black's escaped, he's after Harry, Harry's majorly allergic to dementors, Professor Lupin is the new DADA teacher, Snape hates Harry (duh!), and Buckbeak looks cool and lays the smackdown on Malfoy.The rest of the game becomes a contrived, tedious D&amp;D style dungeon romp or Hack n' Flash (spell-throwing) fest.  Also, your other two characters, Ron and Hermione (whomever you're not controlling) tend to yammer on and talk repeatedly at you all the time, which gets annoying real fast.  It also seems as if Ron and Hermione turn into &quot;Wonder Weasley&quot; and &quot;Heroic Hermione&quot;, because they get to do most of the really cool stuff--like finding Every Flavor Beans, getting the cool freezing or Lumos spells and such--while poor Harry gets beat up on.  Not fair!  Whose story is it, anyway?!Good parts?  Flying Buckbeak; having some control over Hedwig at certain points of the game; an FMV scene where the Quidditch game incident plays out EXACTLY AS IT SHOULD HAVE in the movie; faster, intuitive game controls that don't require too much explanation, especially if you've played the first two games (hint: you can equip two spells at a time so you don't have to switch back &amp; forth between spells all the time!); expanded graphics, including the addition of the bridge, new courtyard, and other changed Hogwarts grounds features from the POA movie; and the free movie matinee ticket for Prisoner of Azkaban that comes in most packages.All in all, I'm very disappointed in this game.  I still love it for the small goodies (graphics, smooth gameplay, beating up Malfoy and Peeves), but I would buy it only if you already have the rest of the game series.  If you don't, and you were disappointed with the Prisoner of Azkaban movie, you'll be DOUBLY disappointed with this game.
Definitely overpriced and probably made by a kid my son's age (5), but the glow when you see him transform into his beloved Harry withthe glasses and scar and all? priceless...
This isn't bad considering it will get worn a handful of times after Halloween, but it's definitely not high quality. For the money, it wasn't a bad buy, considering it comes with Harry's glasses and wand. However, the clip that holds the cape closed (the cape that is more purple than maroon) didn't work after one try on. We had to pin it for Trick-or-Treating.
This is a great little kit. My son really liked it right away. The robe fits him well. He is 48 inches tall and slender. The only issue we had was that the clasp that holds it together broke immediately, within a few seconds, and could not be repaired. He will still play with the items in the kit. The glasses look pretty cute on him. We will be keeping it despite the broken clasp.
I looked in men's costume and I bought it, but when it arrived I realize that this is for kids! not adults.
It's a Halloween costume - the wand is durable plastic which is nice for a child, but the glasses are very flimsy and the plasic lenses on them scratch very easily also, I doubt they will make it to Halloween.  I was most disappointed in the robe, the clasp for the robe broke the second time my son wore it, and the material used in the robe is so cheap that it continually snags.  The maroon material that is suppose to line the inside of the robe is only done along the edge of the front seam and around the hood.  I had to iron it to keep it from sticking out and up.  I also had to be extremely careful when ironing it, because the material is that cheap polyester that will melt if the iron is to hot. It would have been nice if they had used a better quality material in the robe, since it is the main item of the costume.  I wouldn't buy it again :(
The colors are just as bright and bold as shown. The quality of the material is good! The set is pretty durable. NOTE that this is a HOGWARTS set, not a GRYFFINDOR set.
The Product is described as a &#34;Knit Hat Scarf&#34; it's just a scarf, it's a nice scarf but it's no hat. There was no hat in the traditional sense in the package. I gave it as a gift so I never opened the packaging to do a thorough inspection. Shame on me.
I LOVE this set. I bought it for my 1 year old son. it is the perfect size for him. it fits me too. his 29 year old mother and we both look equally cute in it! the only thing i dont like is that the fringe started falling out by clumps after a few days :( but i still, i mean, he still wears it a lot and its actually really warm. so its an ok purchase.
This is the first Harry Potter game I have played. Casting spells and figuring out puzzles was fun, but playing this game became very stressful.  Whenever a character is hit they yell or worse let out a scream and moan.  When you are hit you cant move on your own for more than a few seconds at times, this made it frustrating.  Trying to cast a spell takes time and doing this while fighting off hoardes of enemies just becomes a pain.The graphics are very good, but the loading times are very very long.  When you collect a Triwizard Shield you are immediately taken out of that level and have to sit through more loading times.  Worth a rent, but to own, not sure.
This game is a major departure from its predecessors. The game is no longer an excellent balance of quests, dueling/fighting, and free exploring. You never get to explore Hogwarts or interact with any characters besides Harry, Hermione, and Ron.Instead, this game is very linear and totally action-based. The graphics are incredible, but the story is boring. All of your time is spent going through pre-determined areas and fighting off foes. There are many different spells and they are cool to look at, but they are all pre-selected for you. Essentially, all you do is mash buttons until your enemies disappear. No strategy or thought required.One of the major goals of the game is to collect triwizard shields, which unlock future levels. This gets to be very repetitive and annoying. The moment you find a shield, the game automatically stops and saves. You then have to go back to the level, restart it, and try to find more shields. As a result, you end up replaying the same sequences multiple times until you find the 8 shields hidden in every level.You can play as any character, but really it doesn't matter whom you chose. Unlike the previous game, the 3 main characters don't differ at all in terms of strengths, weaknesses, or spells. The one thing that's fun about this game is that as you complete quests and perfect spells, you unlock cards. These cards can be purchased and then equipped, allowing you to level up each character (increase stamina, increase spell power, etc).Harry alone must compete in the Triwizard events, but I found these to be overly easy and boring (and trust me, I am not an experienced gamer!). The paths are pre-selected, so you just follow the game and occasionally fire spells. Not that exciting!Overall, this game has very little of the charm that made the previous so entertaining. You can't explore Hogwarts at all, there are no classes to attend, and there are no characters to interact with. Rather, you spend the entire time following very linear paths and mashing buttons until you find cards. I am a novice game player, and this was too easy for me!
Since Chamber of Secrets everything has gone down the tubes in this book-to-movie-to-game world.There's nothing else to say, besides actually implementing the long-needed multiplayer, EA just got lazy with this game. I should have known they'd gone the lazy way when instead of a digital Harry, they just slapped Dan Radcliffe as Harry on the cover and unlike others I think getting closer to the movies is a BIG mistake for the game series. And they slap movie pictures all over this game (on the cards for example). And that isn't so bad, the games do exsist via the movies (not the books) or we'd be preparing for game 7 right now. Even still, the meat you really need for a good game is found in adapting from the books not the movies.1st note to EA, in the next game BRING BACK THE ABLITY TO ROAM AROUND HOGWARTS. Without teachers and classes, you really aren't getting a Harry Potter at Hogwarts experience. And come on, your took away QUIDDITCH in PoA!! Did you have to take it away from Goblet too. There's a perfectly good Quidditch game at the beginning of the book that would have made good use of a digital Viktor. Hell, it would have made a nice little bonus side-game at the least.2nd Note EA: Keep the multiplayer of GoF, the special ablities that were unique to the characters in PoA, and the castle & grounds roaming Legend of Zelda style of the previous games.Final note for EA - forget the movies and read the books - it will give you LOADS more material to load into the game. Nothing against the movies, but the good thing about the game is it doesn't have movie-length restrictions. And I know people brag about the graphics in this game, and they are good, but one thing that is not good (and I'll actually say it again) is trying to look like the movie. Let the game be it's own creature. I actually found Harry and the gang more unique in the PoA game. There was a movie similarity without being the movie's slave. Steal some of the meat from the book and meat up these HP games instead of scaling them down. The movies have no choice, but the games DO.
I had to try this game out because A) i wanted to play the entire set of harry potter games and B) to truly see if it was as bad as everyone was saying. well, in my opinion while it is fun, its not nearly as fun as the other harry potter games. this has to do in my opinion to the way the game is set up. the other games you had to complete tasks and collect things primarily but what made it so much fun was the ability to roam and explore the grounds of hogwarts. The fourth game is completely devoid of all roaming and consists of "levels" that you need to unlock by gaining triwizard shields in the previous levels, you need a certain amount of shields to unlock the next location/level. I feel the mixed reviews come from either one type of gamer or another, one type being the type that likes to roam and explore or the other type that likes constant action. I personally LOVE to roam and that was one of the big plus's of the other games. I highly recommend you rent this game before buying it if you have the ability, or if you want to buy it try and buy it for the lowest price possible because in my opinion theres a 50-50 shot at you liking it but theres also a 50-50 shot of you absolutely hating it.
I agree with the other reviewers...why no roaming? I liked being able to start and end the day instead of just go thru different levels. Roaming around was one of the best parts of the game, sneaking past the prefects and flying aimlessly around on your broom. Overall a disappointment. The game is fun, but not like the others at all. Why the sudden switch?
Jameson Thottam - Game review for Harry PotterJameson L Thottam ...Quick SummaryThe ad-line for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire forewarns, "Difficult times lie ahead, Harry." That's an unfortunate choice of words to promote a third sequel that clocks in at a bloated two-and-a-half hours.Jameson Luke Thottam: The Director's TakeFor his part, director Mike Newell (best known for Four Weddings and a Funeral) does his best to pare down the 734-page novel. The Quidditch championship that opens the movie, and which took up an endless portion of the book, is reduced to a few minutes of introductory exposition. And happily, Harry's rival Draco Malfoy has little more than a cameo, and Harry's tiresome aunt and uncle don't show up at all--there's an improvement right there.Jameson Luke Thottam and The Bad PartsUnfortunately, it's not enough. The thrust of the story is that the Hogwarts School is holding a Tri-Wizard Championship. The contest is supposed to have only three finalists, and no one under 17 years of age is allowed to enter. But darned if underaged Harry doesn't get entered into the contest. How on Earth did that happen? (Hint: Look whose name is in the movie's title.)Jameson Thottam and The ChallengeIf the movie got on with the contest's challenges, it might not be so bad. But since the main characters have reached puberty, it provides the movie with an excuse to show them in the same old, tiresome golly-gee mode in which we've seen every love-smitten teenager since Andy Hardy. And the Harry-as-reluctant-hero bit turns Harry's friend Ron (Rupert Grint), who was a bit of a nerd to start with, into this movie's most petulant and irritating character.Jameson L Thottam *The PositivesStill, the movie has some fun passages, up until its final half-hour--which involves the finalists' last challenge, is far too graphic and morbid for younger moviegoers, and seems to go on forever. Whose genius idea was it to depict a literally magical world as drearily as possible?Jameson Thottam: Specific HighlightsThe few light-hearted moments come from James and Oliver Phelps as Fred and George, Ron's prankster brothers; and a full-bodied comic performance from Brendan Glesson as the school's latest dark-arts professor.Jameson Thottam: Not for hard-core Potter ViewersBut any viewer who's not a hard-core Potter buff is liable to leave this movie feeling the way Harry does when evil Lord Voldemort tap-dances on his skull. And we still have three more of these entries to endure!Jameson Thottam: The Final CutHarry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is rated PG-13 for minor adult language, intense action and violence, and one death (though not of a major character, so don't hassle me for spilling the beans).Jameson Luke Thottam
This is not my favorite of the Harry Potter games. It's so action oriented that it actually is very hard. It's great for people who like all action games, but I really feel it loses much of the story by being all action. And I miss tending classes. Part of the fun of the previous games was being able to go to school at Hogwarts and learning the magic. At least it was for me. I finished it, but I won't play it again.
i thought this game was kinda boring and that it could have been much better it is also very confusing
I enjoyed this game, but it was very easy to master.  There were enough puzzles to keep it interesting and I played it through a few times just for the fun of it.  I liked the music at the Yule Ball.*** May contain spoilers ***The flaws are this:1) Each character (Ron, Harry, Hermione) has it's own skill levels to start, but eventually after collecting/buying enough cards, they are basically the same, so alternating characters doesn't really do much.2) The Yule Ball and the showdown with Voldemort are more of a test of how accurately you can press certain buttons as they appear in the center of the screen, for example (A B Up Left A B A Down).  This was actually annoying.3) Finding all of the cards involved a lot of repetition.  You could not just jump to one particular scene and the game autosaves as predetermined points.  The payoff for collecting the Triwizard shields and cards is unlocking the 'movie' parts of the game and still photos from the movie.Fans of the movie should enjoy, but experienced gamers will get bored quickly.
I have to give them credit--the graphics are great.  But that's the only thing.  I liked the old harry potter gameboy games because there was actually a storyline and puzzles to figure out--in this one, all you do is wander around similar screens zapping things over and over.  It gets tedious real fast.  The controls also aren't very intuitive, and there are spots where the animation gets a bit choppy.  I really like all the harry potter books, movies, and previous games, but I thought this was just plain boring.
If you're into the Harry Potter adventures, you anticipate exciting adventures.  This game starts out well, but at one point, you can't go further.  There is no help, nor hint to guide you through this impasse.  This leaves you frustrated and disappointed.  I would not recommend buying this game!
This game is really fun, until you get to the final battle with Voldemort, then it starts to get annoying. First off, Voldemort is almost impossible to defeat,but it takes him about 2 hits to defeat Harry. Okay, let me make something clear. I have read all the Harry Potter books, and I know Voldemort is not supposed to be easy to defeat, but the makers of this game just made way to hard then it should have been. Second, this game is way too short. I could have beaten it in a day if it wasn't for that cheap final battle.If you like Harry Potter you might like this game, but you should try renting it first.
When it comes to this game, it's pretty obvious that Nintendo DS was pretty new. The graphics are not as good as they are on Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and the player of the game, hardly uses the stylus. The only time the player uses the stylus is for fighting a creature. This is fun in prospective but when the player barely gets to use the stylus, it makes me wish I was playing Prisoner of Azkaban for GBA. At least the player gets to fight the creatures more offten and cast spells, even if the stylus isn't involved.The most refreshing part about the game is the player gets to choose which Trio member they would like to play as. The player has the option of playing Harry, Ron, or Hermione throughout the whole game, except in the last task of the Triwizard Tournament and when fighting Voldemort since Harry obviously does those alone in the book and movie as well.The most annoying part of the game was having to go back through levels to find badges because the player needed a certain spell in order to get to it. Some of the spells required to access this item, were not learned until later on. Also, some of the badges were hard to find and even the cards. I ended up turning to Fred and George to buy most of the cards because it seems like I didn't find that many.Also, the individual games were pretty fun and interesting until the player gets to the Bertie Botts Bean Sorting. I found that one quite harder and was annoyed that there wasn't any check points until who knows when. Some of the individual games were too easy like the Candy Pairing, Feeding the Hippogriff, and Chocolate Frogs.Overall, the game was pretty fun and time consuming. It kept me busy for a few hours but it's pretty obvious that it is an early DS game because of the graphics are like a GBA game and the stylus is rarely used. I'm not sure I quite liked the use of the spells either. It wasn't as fun as the Order of the Phoenix for DS.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a good game but with a few problems- Lack of exploration, and interaction with other charecters. I mean, where are the other students and teachers? Why cant I explore hogwarts? Why is it level based? I mean exploring hogwarts, and interacting with other charecters are what made the other Harry Potter games great. But other then that its a good game.Gameplay: 8/10. Probably the best part of the game.Graphics: 10/10. Exellent graphics.Replay: 9/10 A ton a stuff to do after completing the game.Story: 6/10. Felt rused.Average: 8.1/10
the game is not fine, it is not easy to control the character, and sometimes i can not play the game, my machine is new, but it can not read the game,
I dislike games that give you no options. If there is a particular task you can't do, then there's nowhere else for you to go in the game. In the dragon challenge, I had to fly through three screens, and I'm not sure what qualified you for a high score, either speed or hitting all the targets, but I couldn't fly a perfect level after hours of trying. Neither could my husband, who is usually good at these things and gets me out of jams on other games. So I got fed up and never finished.