This is a &quot;Clue&quot; type game, based on the classes, spells, and characters of Hogwarts, the Wizarding school of Harry Potter and his friends (and enemies).My kids love this game!  I'm a little less impressed, simply because not all the directions are clear.  A couple of things that we weren't sure about, we adjusted the rules to fit our own needs.  It still worked out just fine.  My 7 year old plays it as well, despite the game recommending ages 8 and up (I think).No Harry Potter knowledge is needed, but basing it on Harry Potter makes it a little more interesting.  My youngest son enjoys sending people back to &quot;start&quot; with the ghost.We chose this game over the Trivia game, as only my oldest son and I have read the books as of right now.  It seemed to satisfy my oldest son's want for a Harry Potter game, at least for the time being. &lt;G&gt;
This is just a Harry Potter version of clue, but much easier. It is still great fun, and I would reccommend it if your Harry obsessed (Like Me!) I only rated its educational value three stars because its mostly just for fun.
We bought this game at a garage sale for $1. We sure got our buck back for this one!! :) Great game! I need to tell some of the other reviewers and others that b may be considering it, that it is expensive here because  it's out of print. Games ALWAYS quadruple or more in price when they stop making them. Look for it at garage sales or Goodwill or used selling sites. It is NOT a $70 game. If you spend more than $20, you've made a mistake. Sorry.
To win this game you basically have to have memorized the first book word for word. One question literally asks "what does Dumbledore say when the sorting hat comes out?" and you have to know his statement word for word. A fun game, but only if you really recently read the first book. Watching the movie will not suffice.
I really liked this game, although I had to tinker around with the rules, since the game has a few flaws and the rules are a bit confusing.  But that's part of the beauty of this game is that it is flexible and uses the imagination.  It seems to match the real game quite closely, or at least as closely as you could without pulling brooms out of the hall closet.  The cards, like any other deck of cards, will start to look &quot;loved&quot;, especially if your games get as heated as mine.  Be careful with them, and don't get too into becoming a Beater!
Sure, the rules are tough to figure out.  Forewarned by other reviewers here at Amazon.com, I sat down by myself to read through them and play a game or two on my own before I introduced this game to my son (6 and a half, which I knew was too young, but he's a big fan of Quidditch!).Anyway, I don't know what the big deal was.  One reviewer here said she had four adults with six degrees between them and she couldn't figure out the rules.  I'm only one adult, with one degree, and I'm not trying to brag, but it was just a matter of reading them over and flipping through the cards a few times to get used to what was what.There are actually THREE decks included in this game, Gryffindor, Slytherin and a Pitch deck which has all the balls that come into play.  Figuring out the game did take a little more time than it would have taken for a less elaborate deck.  I can understand that; it's not an easy matter, translating a magical field sport into a tabletop game for Muggles!I played a couple of rounds by myself to make sure I understood it, and then I taught the game to another adult.  That's when the fun started happening.  He isn't a Harry Potter fan, and he was dreading having to learn all the new words and spells, but it turned out that wasn't a problem.  Though it's true that you have to make up a few rules as you go along, we both (very quickly) managed to have an enormously good time.  As a card game, Quidditch certainly holds its own once you've mastered the rules.  We ended up going for &quot;best 2 of 3&quot; and &quot;best 3 of 5&quot; just so we could keep playing!I haven't introduced this game to my son yet; I think it's a little complicated for him, and I've ordered the Harry Potter Uno set for him instead.  But I think partly I'm just being selfish... this is such a fun game, I can't help thinking that it's wasted on our kids!FYI:  I contacted Mattel and they do indeed have another set of rules available now.  They haven't arrived in the mail yet, but I'm still looking forward to having a couple of my questions cleared up.  If you purchase the game, just give them a call at their 800-number and they'll ship you off the new rules.
Starting to play this game is frustrating, since there are some holes in the rules.  For instance, the rules don't specify what happens when you run out of cards; they're also a bit unclear on whether you have to keep playing a quaffle until it's done or not, and if so, what happens when you've used up your entire hand.  There are other ambiguities, as well.Still, if you can work these details out between yourselves, it's  a load of fun, and pretty quick once you get the hang of it.
Great for young kids, but not as much fun for older kids.  Easy to understand rules and easy to play game.
I really enjoy the Harry Potter quidditch game. Although at first it takes a while to understand. and you are forced to constantly check the instructions, once you figure it out the game is a lot of fun. I am 14 and I play this with my 8 year old sister, so it is good for all ages. The point of the game is to use Player cards, such as keeper, chaser, or bludger to either win the quaffle or win the bludger. The player with the higher card wins, and there are various spells and jinxs which can be used to win balls. The cards are quite sturdy, and have very detailed pictures on them. I reccommend this game to all Harry Potter fans.
This was a big hit for a Harry Potter fan. Plus it adds a few twists to the typical Uno game. We all enjoy it.
I like this game more than the original Uno because I find it more of a challenge. I love that it has the most up to date movie photos on the cards. This game is worth the money and any Harry Potter fan or Uno fan young or old will get a kick out of this game.
Fast sending the product to us, it met my boys expectations. Everything was in it that was promised.  Thank you
The card game is pretty fun, it contains two 41-card decks, and is enough for 2 people/kids to start playing right away.Like all &quot;trading card games&quot; the starter deck contains only enough cards to play the basic game. The most fun comes when you acquire other cards to add variety and power to your card deck.Acquiring other cards is through purchasing Booster Packs, which can start to become expensive, 11 cards in 1 pack for a few dollars !This means that to build a great deck, it will cost some money, but a normal deck will still be fun to play games with. That said, the HP card game is very similar to Magic, Pokemon, baseball trading cards, etc.Gamewise, the game is true to the novels, and players will have fun connecting the cards to the various books they have read. It sort of brings the books to life almost !The rules are simple, i suppose there is basic educational value, e.g. following rules, reading rules, and reading the cards. Kids will probably love it, and they pick up things so fast anyway.Just be warned about having to start buying additional packs in a while =)
ok, i got the game from a friend, i LOVED it! the most dissapionting thing though is that it is so battle fucused its just silly. the screen is really dark when you travel around hogwarts at night or visit hagrid to pick up norbert. However the graphics are good, you do alot of fun quests, (no quiddch games thoug )c8 )  I think that they spent so much money on graphics and memory with all the battle sets that the game is REALLY short. i finnished it in 5 hours of playing it-it tells you how long youv played-and was dissapionted to see that you dont progress to second year, after you battle voldemort,you lose everything exept your money and level and go back to the beggining.
This game is a really fun and challenging game. You can collect alot of spells (hint: check book-cases in library) and you can collect magical cards to help you in battle. My advice is that at the beginning, when you enter the Gringotts Bank, raise your level to atleast 5 or 7 so you learn a new spell before fighting the giant rat.
This is a very engrossing game - you want to keep playing no matter what. There are a couple of problems though - for Snapes class - if you do not get the boomslang skin FIRST (in snapes office across from classroom) you will never be able to get it. For some reason it will not be there anymore if you get either of the other 2 things first. I had to start the game over again twice before I discovered this. And I don't like how there is so much internal movement of Harry throughout the game with different characters without any of my control.Otherwise - it seems to be a really fun game. I would definately recommend it - to kids and adults alike !
Well this was a very good game. The graphics compared to the other versions are okay but it's a gameboy color! I've played better games but I am not disappointed. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone follows the story line as close as possible with quest after quest after quest! The only thing is did they have to go through a dungeon before they went into the entrance hall? Plus I don't remeber fighting rats and bats and suits of armor. I got it yesterday and I've been playing for about three hours. Non of it is too hard however I understand I'm not that far in the game yet. (...) I reccomend this for beginners and veterans alike plus harry potter fans.Go see the movie! It's really GREAT!!!
I got this game for christmas. And I discoverd that it is two words VERY HARD. #2 was bad but still a bit better then the first. Even the mini games are bad. Don't you get one of the Harry Potter games because if you do, I will be mad
My 3 year old son and I can both play this.The games are fun, clever and can be played bymy pre-literate boy.
The game isn't really that hard but here are my suggestions: For Snape's Class you need to get two portions of beetles eyes. I forget where the second portion is but it is INSIDE THE CASTLE. For Circe's card fight against the rats, try to be above level 15 and have Flipendo Tria (it helps ALOT!). The purple rabbit is next to Herbology and check out all the shelves in he library. Lastly, find a friend who has the game and TRADE YOUR CARDS! It is IMPOSSIBLE to collect all the cards in one game and to beat Voldemort you ABSOLUTELY must trade cards! Also, before entering The Forbidden Corridor, try to be level 25 and have ALL the spells especially Incendio Duo or Tria and Flipendo Tria. Also, you can find extra spells in the Restricted Section of the Library!!!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher/Sorcerer's Stone (depending on where you live) for the Gameboy color is the best Harry Potter game on _any_ system. Sure the PC/PS games look a little better (okay maybe more than a little)--but the gameboy color game has one thing they don't: seriously addicting gameplay. You'll spend hours trying to complete your collection of Wizard Cards, running back and forth to get potion ingredients, fighting monsters and completing the game. The only thing EA wasn't able to integrate into the game was Quidditch. Surprisingly the loss is minimal to the overall enjoyment of the game.Recommended for Potter fans, looking for a really great Potter experience.
Out of all the video game adaptions of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, the Game Boy Color version has to be my favorite. Instead of following the movie adaption, which this game did come out to promote in 2001, this game seems to follow more closely to the book, which I thought was an excellent decision. Unlike other game adaptions of this wonderful story, this version is a role playing game similar to titles such as Final Fantasy and Chrono Trigger. The game starts out in Diagon Ally, accompanied by Hagrid the gamekeeper to buy your school supplies for Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Here you get the whole feel of the game as you walk around, talking to people, while even fighting a few rats for experience points. Once you buy everything on your school list, you're off on the Hogwarts Express where you meet your good friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Then you finally enter the school and set off on many different tasks and missions that may or may not be related to the book or movie. You attend many different classes, each of which has their own mini side-missions, like gathering potion ingredients for Professor Snape, or catching a purple rabbit for Professor McGonagall. There are also some story-related missions as well, such as the fight with the troll and the journey through the Forbidden Forest. It's a fully enjoyable game from beginning to end and I had a lot of fun with it. Despite my praise of it though, there are a few problems with the game that got to me. Such as the horrible sense of direction the game has. You're literally thrown into this huge seven-story school with no idea or clue as to where everything is. This means you have to go through almost every floor and door to find what you're looking for. This becomes a pain when doing the side-missions which involve finding ingredients for Potions class or a tie for Nearly Headless Nick (Yes, I'm serious). It's a bit of a pain without a guide handy. Thankfully, I managed without one. Another thing that got to me was a bit of an insane difficult curve near the half-way mark, espically in the final battles. As in more RPGs, expect to do a bit of level grinding. I also have one little complaint, NO QUIDDITCH!! A very small complaint, but I would've like to play a game or two of this amazing Wizarding sport (espically being on the cover of the game in the first place). Despite these setbacks, the game has it's strong points in it's colorful graphics, great 8-bit musical score, and just it's overall fun and addictive nature. You'll have fun leveling up and collecting Wizard Cards to enhance your spell rooster. If your able to place it's problems aside, you have a great, if not excellent, video game adaption of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
This game was really fun, though a little frustrating at times like in the forbidden forest, or the dungeons.PROS: Different spells you can learn (more than 2 or 3, like 12), environment (very extensive and looks good even for color GB), gives you more than 1 day of gameplay, hidden features and minigames (especially the potion one).CONS: No Quidditch :(, bad character graphics, and at the beginning its easy to mess up the rest of the game if you buy the wrong stuff.Overall, this game was really good, much better than the gameboy advance one. Recommended.
I got Ps1 for my 10th birthday and I got Harry Potter and theSorcer`s Stone as my first game. It is realy fun and challenging.It will be great the WHOLE family!
First of all, you have to read the book or have seen the movie to understand the game. The first 6 levels of the game are very easy, but when you get to the flying lessons it gets really hard. Also it would really help if you have a memory card because you have to listen to a story at the end which gets really boring after 5-6 times.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a pretty good game but the controls aren't the best.  It's annoying that you can only save at certain points in the game, but the sound and the voices are really good.  The controls make it difficult for little kids.  The Quidditch controls can be reversed, which makes it a little easier.
I like the puzzles that have to be solved in this game. They are challenging without being so hard that they can't be solved by humans. Some of the skill tests are quite difficult (like the trip into Gringott's) but children and adults alike will enjoy the action. I would have appreciated a bit better graphics on some of the people but other than that, this is a very fun and engaging game for all ages.
This game is best for skilled gamers ages 8+ because there are some hard levels and tasks. The graphics are O.K. because it is an old game, and that must go into consideration before you purchase it.
I got exactly what I expected. Its an old school game that I used to play and I still like it. Would buy again
This game is great but I would rent if before you buy it! I bought it quite a while ago and I still  haven't gotten past the broom flying part. (It's not as easy as it looks) I hate being timed,because I  don't have really fast fingers! It was fun up till that point, now it just sits in the corner of my room collecting dust. Once in a while I drag it out, start a new game, and play till that point then I just put it back in the case and back in the corner it goes, until I figure out how to beat that part, it will stay there.  Sorry Potter but I just have  to dock a star, on this one :(
I never bought this game, because after trying to play my rented copy, I had no interest in adding it to my (small) Playstation library. The reason? That darn phoenix in the back room of one of the shops! I tried and tried and went away, came back, and tried again, and never managed to get the feathers off that bird's butt! Other than that, I remember the PS game as having awesome graphics, an odd spell-learning method (timing is EVERYTHING), and the flying/Quidditch was cool.I later bought the PC version of the game, and much prefer it. The spell-learning is difficult (staying in the lines while tracing a design with your mouse, the time limit decreasing - and accuracy demands increasing - each time), but more "realistic" in terms of what Harry & Co. must go through while trying to learn the "swish-and-flick" and other wand techniques. The graphics need some help, but the story/action/puzzles were all wonderful. And best of all - no stinkin' bird! ;-)
Ok, I'll cut to the chase. I've never read any of the Harry Potter books but love playing these games. They stick pretty close to the storyline (from what I've seen in the movies,) and although not incredibly difficult, are extremely fun to play. I'm a teenager, yet still enjoy casting spells and collecting the chocolate frogs. The game has good gameplay and dialogue with plenty of variety. Still, it has a few downfalls: 1) Jumping and doing special maneuvers can be difficult with the controls. 2) Save Points: You kind of have to play for a while to be able to save. This can be frustrating if you're really far and die or really have to turn off the game but haven't gotten a chance to save. *Otherwise the game is awesome. I highly recommend all 2, soon to be 3 games in the series.
I bought this game as part of my "PS1 game shopping spree". I was a bit nervous when I started to play the game because I was afraid how it would turn out.It was great. I really loved how the developers added stuff there that aren't in the book (e.g. Flipendo).The Good: -You can collect different coloured beans for special prizes (yellow, blue, green and red).-Great hidden challenges to win cards.-Very kid-friendly!The Bad: -Sometimes, it can get a bit repetitive.-If you fail to collect all 17 cards at the end of the game, you can't come back to collect them. (fixed in next Harry Potter)-Lack of save points.
I like playing games that are fun and that I can actually finish, simple games. So I enjoyed the fact SS didn't take me a month to beat (or never beat at all, which is mostly the case with me). I had fun with the puzzles and learning the spells. Play for me was quite enjoyable. I also like that some elements of the game (if not the story itself) seems more akin to canon (the book) than the movie. There are some problems. Auto-jump, it's annoying not having a jump button and hoping you run or stop for just the right jump, especially when you want to control your jump into the unknown. The camera angles are bad at times, sometimes you're shooting off a spell and hoping it hits it's target or (as mentioned) jumping into the unknown. But mostly I was satisfied. The save spots are annoying. There are some difficult task where I wish there was a save spot and there wasn't one (they should let you save anywhere). The PS1 character graphics could be better too (but I thought the castle/grounds were well done). Also, I which they would let me skip some of the storybook stuff on repeated task/plays and sometimes they don't let you.I'm GLAD the chess game wasn't real chess (since I suck), I would have never won. My favorite parts were racing Peeves and Gringotts (gathering coins in the cart, not collecting the forms). And Quidditch is cool, except you can't really lose. Sneaking around behind Filch in your invisibility cloak is cool, but I don't understand why it doesn't work without the invisibility tolken. (the bloody bird in Olivanders in annoying, but just chase him down and stay on his tail until the feather fills up, he always follow the same path)I'd recomend it for a novice adult player (like myself) or a kid player, for them this game is perfect and fun. Both myself and the kids at my house enjoy it. Even though what I REALLY want is Quidditch World Cup.
i kinda like the game its not just like the movie or book but yeah i really like playing the game it rocked exept i beat it in  one day i think they should of made it more challenging
That's what I kept telling my 7-year-old ... &quot;your turn in just one more minute!&quot;  Very good game!  Downright addicting.  Like it very much, at least the 50% that I've played (in our house we rent before we buy).  I especially liked the graphics, very creepy!  Voices are really good too.  One rather irritating thing about the game was that the choices given were small ... actually there was only one choice.  Only one way, one path through the game and if you can't complete the task at hand, you are stuck.  And if your 7-year-old doesn't have a grown-up nearby to help and get them &quot;unstuck&quot;, this game can frustrate him!  Sometimes frustrated me!  But that goes with the nature of any game ... if it was too easy, it wouldn't be any fun!I noticed in a previous review that someone complained about the directional flying controls.  I noticed the same thing, that they were reversed and it made Quidditch darn near impossible to do.  Easy fix: go to control options!  There's a category for &quot;flying controls&quot; with &quot;normal&quot; and &quot;reverse&quot; options.  Makes playing whole lot easier.
I played this at my friends house and I am hoping to buy it.  It's really fun and it is hard at points.  The one thing that ticked me off ALOT was how you had to cast spells and that you can only jump at certain points in the game.  But besides that its fun.  If you want longer gameplay, get this one and not the computer game.  The computer game is fun, but its a pretty short game.
I've never played this version of the game before, and so I wanted to try it. It's in good condition and I thank you for it.
I have owned this game for like forever.  When I first played it, (I wasn't a Harry Potter fan and was was like younger than 10) I got scared to death by Peeves and got stuck in Defense Against the Dark Arts Lesson.  I gave up and didn't start playing it until I was 12 and a Harry Potter Fan.  Bacisly, young children will not like this game unless you turn the sound off and they know how to read (It has subtitles) or you read for them (It scared my friend's little sister who's a fan of Harry Potter so bad that I had to show her it's okay once you get past Peeves).  If you are older and a fan, you will simply enjoy it.  Now, the graphics aren't that good (You don't even see the mouth's moving, will atleast not in the PC version) and there were a few times were I got stuck.  The game is really fun once you get a hang of it, but sadly it it almost impossible to beat You-Know-Who (I've started games for months and I'm still haven't beat him yet and I have a walkthru too).  This is the ideal gift for Harry Potter Fans.If you are confused about my comments about the game, perhaps you are thinking about remake of this game which is a bit better.  Thank you for reading and I hope this review has helped you decide what might be in your future collection.
Harry Potter, the video game, is a lot of fun while you're playing it for the first time, but once you have won there is little else that you can do (except for play it again). It also gives very little storyline guidance, so if you haven't read the book then you probably won't know what's going on. It's a good game, but once you've won the fun is gone as well.
I got this game for Christmas, but I didn't pick it up until a few weekends ago. Since then, I've been hooked. Though I'm only about 54% of the way done at the moment (and stuck), I'm still having fun. I have recently been finishing my homework earlier than usual so that I can have a few minutes on the PS2. I'm a fairly new gamer, so I am finding much of the game to be a challenge, though more advanced users may find it easy and boring. I would reccomend it to everyone!
I just read someone else's review and of course I love Harry Potter, but like they said it is too short.  Some of the puzzles can be a l;ittle bit annoying at times when you have done them over and over again.  I think that there should have been a map with it, and i also think that there should be a layout of the chess board because the camera angles are kinda lame at times.  I really enjoyed playing this game and yes it only took like 3 hours but I have to remember it isn't designed for adults but kids and most kids aren't going to sit still through the whole game in one afternoon.  lets' face it kids don't have that kind of focus.The adventures were fun, But Gringots bank gets to be a pain in the arse after trying 4 and five times to do each section of it.  And then also I think that there was a little bit of information left out, like when the kids are talking to one another, they don't say things that might help the player.  For example, when you fight the Devil's Snare Hermionie says use "Incindio" but you use Flippendo until the last second and then you use incendio.  Tis very strange.  Over all this game is very enjoyable to me, the Quiddich matches are fun and my only complaint about the quidditch is that the broom handling can get bloody insane.  But all in all i had fun playing it.  :)  I think that if someone wants something fun and laid back to play this is the game for them.
the game is good/hard/fun but the picture isn't that good
This game has nice 3D action and some puzzles that that reminded me of those in &quot;Bug's Life&quot; but with much better background animation.  The characters, setting, etc. are taken from the film, and the storyline is a lot of fun -- at least, as far as I got.  The problem is, quite a few of the challenges are of the high-speed &quot;arcade&quot; variety that I have difficulty with because of poor eye-hand coordination.  A lot of the challenges are also timed, which is a BIG problem for people with slower reflexes like me.  I got as far as the broom-chase around the castle grounds, where you have to fly your broom in 3D, avoid flaming balls, and bash the nastly bully  -- all at the same time.  This one isn't timed, but it is frustrating.  After hours of trying I finally gave up.  I just don't have the right reflexes.  This is something to seriously consider if you or your child is also challenged in this way.  It would have been nice to be able to by-pass this scenario and get on with the rest of the game, but I did not find a way to do that (sigh).  And for that oversight, I'm docking it a star.
i think it is a brilyant game fun for ages i would say 10-14,15. one of the problems with the game is that i think it should be just a bit more like the book.it is an adventures game lots of fun but it would only be fun for a person who likes mistery and adventure, if u like sport and car games it wonet be that much fun for u.the game is interesting compered with the book it is more exiting playing the game than reading the book.the bit were u get to play quiditch (how ever u spell it)is i would think the best part of the game.the graphics are ok but they could be better.so overall the game is pretty fun and exiting sometimes very hard but it is an exallent game after u play this and read all the books u will want them to make the rest of the games from each book so i can't wait to play the seconed on.WRITEN BY:Rhys Dean/melbourne/olinda cresant olinda.thank u.
My family, husband, myself, 5 year old daughter, eight yearld daughter, and nine year old son; played this game as a family.  We had a LOT of fun until the Peacock.  That kinda ruined our fun and took way more effort for the kids and required more of the parents to complete the quest.  Next time go a little easier on the feather thing!
You play Harry Potter beginning his first year at Hogwarts. There is a great deal of exploring to do and its quite fun. There is the huge castle called Hogwarts, the castle grounds and Diagon Alley. The game often bends the storyline of the book. E.X. In the game Hagrid's pet dragon Norbert gets sick, in the book he does not. Also, there is plenty characters to talk to. There is Fred and George, Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, Malfoy, Snape and others. The controls are comfortable for both children and adults alike. You can also learn differant spells.Gameplay: 7.6 GoodControl:  8.5 GreatSound:  7.0 GoodGraphics: 5.O Not good...Overall:  7.7 Good gameComments: Pretty Good, you should have fun playing this game!!
Many games based on movies are just bad. For example, the game of Tarzan for psx [stunk] big time, or the Emperor's New Groove, or the Fifth Element. When i heard of Harry Potter coming out for the psx, i tought it was going to be as bad as any game based on a movie. I was a bit wrong. This game is very fun...while it lasts! Check out the good and bad things about it below:The Good Things:-Somethings are based on the book-The characters are just the same as in the movie-Hogwarts is huge, there is plenty to explore-You assist all classes including the quidditch practice-You fight against Voldermort and Quirell-The magic spells are amazing: Incendio, Alohamora, Wigardium Leviosa, etc.The Bad Things:-There are too many things that are not in the book-Harry Potter doesn't talk-The conversations between characters are briefly-The battle against Voldemort is quite pathetic-The end is very bad-Many things are briefly described by the narrator in a book-The forbidden forest is not scary-Voldemort appears frequently using a green magic-All the magic used by Harry is basically following the order of bottoms. Example: Press X then O and finally X again: very simple-Very short and easyOverall, the game is a worth buying game for any Harry Potter fan.
I've beated it, there are easy, but hard parts in the game. i must say this game is nice. the flying lesson is great..
IF you got a Harry Potter kid and they like chess this is one nice buy.  I picked this up a few weeks back and the kids in my club thought it was excellent "sweeeeeeeeettt".  The board is just cheesy and you would want to have something better than that to really play well on it.  We use the vinyl boards and it works very well with that.  The plastic used is very hard and it is not too light on the pieces, hard to bust unless tossed or stomped on.
My neice loved so much I wanted to offer it to another child...
This is an adorable little game with authentic looking pieces and game board, just like in HP1. My four year old just had to have this. Now he knows how to set up a chess board and some basic moves. What a great way to get kids interested in chess! You need to buy this game. My one complaint is that the board folds into quarters to be stored and so sometimes does not lie flat.
What can I say?  This is the perfect way to combine two "geek-interests" in one; Harry Potter and chess.  When my son's birthday rolled around (he just turned 8), I picked this up and we haven't been disappointed... much.Well, actually I DO have a couple of minor beefs.First, the included board is rather small for the size of the pieces, especially for kids' clumsy fingers.  The colours of the board are nice and match the pieces, but I'd recommend dragging out a regular size chessboard for a slightly less frustrating experience.Second, probably more importantly...the pieces are lovely and executed in terrific detail, replicating those in the movie almost exactly.  BUT... a couple of the pieces are less than stable on their bases.The knight in particular tends to topple, and when he does -- see above re: too-small board -- the pieces are so close together that everything goes down... in other words, you can easily end playing dominoes rather than chess!  :-)These shortcomings aside, I don't regret springing for this item, which is absolutely perfect for the budding geek on your gift list.Recommended Ages: 7 to whatever... BUT steer clear for any kid not utterly fascinated by BOTH chess and Harry Potter.  My daughter (7) just kind of looked at the thing in disgust when her brother received it and moved on to his "cooler" gifts...Playability on Shabbat: YES!!! (no batteries, electronics or writing)
I bought it thinking that I was going to paint the pieces.  But to my chagrin the pieces are not the ones pictured on the box.  There are subtle, but fatal, differences in the two.  The box pictures the pieces holding swords, staffs, ect. AWAY FROM THE BODY.  The actual pieces are held close to the body; maybe that's for cheap replication?  There is an insignia missing noticeably from the King's helmet.  The Queen's fingers are meshed together, but on the box they are clearly separated.  I was disheartened and disappointed to find out that the picture on the box is of the "Final Challenge" collector's set.  THAT set is $350-$400.  I apologize to everyone on behalf of Mattel that they would deceive the general public in such a way.  Shame on them!
Love the concept of this chess game to get the kids interested in the game.  The game board is too small for the game pieces and I doubt it will hold up over time.  Some type of storage container would be a big plus.
Chess is a wonderful game for all ages.  Harry Potter Wizard Chess makes it more fun with pieces depicted in the movie series.  What could be better?
From what I've read of the existing reviews, it might be a good idea to IMPROVE the design of these inexpensive chess pieces. When I get my set I will probably toss the accompanying board and buy a bigger better one. I'll probably roughen the shiny plastic surfaces of the pieces with maybe a wire brush to give them sort of an antique feel. Then I'll fill the pieces with rock gravel buck shor or fishing sinkers and plaster of paris and glue thick felt on the bottoms. On a classy roomy board the set should be hefty and handsome.
As others have noted, this is an excellent value for children. A friend of mine, who is a real chess fanatic, bought a set for playing outside.As others have noted, some of the pieces (knight) are a bit top heavy. I just put some modelling clay into the hollow bottoms of the pieces and, not only do they have a nice "weight" to them now, they don't tip as easily. As others have suggested, getting a nother board helps too. So why go to the bother? As my friend suggested (for my son) getting a chess set that is more representational is better to interest young players. I have found this to be the case. Another suggestion my friend made, is do not make it a gift to your child, but keep it as yours. That way it has all the allure of the inaccesible as your child has to ask to play with Daddy's toy.
This is, frankly, a disappointing chess set.  I was looking forward to a set which I could use with my children to learn chess; one which had pieces which wouldn't blow over, solid pieces with weighted bottoms on a generous board.This is none of those things.  It's a set full of light, hollow pieces of single-cast plastic; the base is hollow and the pieces are top-heavy.  The board is four-fold cardboard with tape holding the quarters together.  The knights are the worst; the horse's belly is hollowed out and that's visible from the other side of the board (but you can only see it _AFTER_ you've opened the box).Folks, I know the Wizard Chess game was riveting in the movie.  If you've got kids who are hard on stuff, the set is inexpensive and durable, the pieces mostly easy to distinguish (though it takes a good eye to spot the differences between the queen and king), and if you've got a youthful chess/Harry fanatic, s/he'll have some fun hours pretending to be a wizard.BUT... if you're looking for quality Harry Potter merchandise, spend your money elsewhere.  And be ready to buy another board a couple of months after getting this set, or mount this board using carpenter's glue on a wooden square, 'cause otherwise, it'll fall apart on you.--Phil
I am an ongoing customer of Amazon but was very disappointed to see the pricing here at $54.95 and then learn that this product can be purchased NEW at Barnes and Noble for $19.95.  Guess where I bought it.
Hi,I am a really big HP fan and for me this was one of those gotta have it kind of toys.However,  I have to say that I am quite disappointed in the overall durability.  The box that it comes in is not even a standard quality board game box.  You know, the shiny stiff cardboard ones.  This is a piece of paper thin, flimsy, taped at the corners, cardboard wannabe.  I really would have expected it to come in a tin, being that it costs so much, but for sure at least a standard quality box.  I've got shoeboxes 10x's more durable than this.  I know you're thinking that the box isn't why I bougth the game so what's the big deal, but hey, you gotta store it in something.So when I opened the box, the pieces were in about 10 different little plastic baggies.  The kind that when you try to open it by hand it explodes and sends everything flying.  Some pieces were wired or taped to the storage box itself!  What's the point of that?  Once you get it open the pieces themselves are ok.  A little small, but ok.  I was expecting them to be quite a bit larger.  The gameboard is one of those junky, fold it into fourths kinda things.All in all, the game is still fun to play, but I am disappointed to see such a junky product from Mattel (but what do we expect from the makers of the barbie doll?) and not to mention the fact that it carries the honorable Harry Potter label.  I hope somebody sends one of these to J.K. Rowling.  I'm sure she wouldn't be impressed.Also,  the box comes printed in no less than ten different languages.  I can't stand that!  I'm not a xenophobe, but in America we speak English and that is what should be on our boxes-not Spanish, not Portugese, not German, not French, etc.  Good grief!I sincerely hope that they will make another version of this in a collectors tin that has a casing inside for putting the pieces in. The pieces should be much larger and grandiose.  The board should not fold into fourths.
Looking at pictures, you'd think it was a flawless chess set: The pieces look great, but it's also very clear which is which (none of this "pitcher is the queen, first baseman is a rook" nonsense). However, the knights invade other squares, and make for a very cluttered feel, which is augmented by too-tall queen/king/bishops. The knights are also top-heavy, and prone to tip.The box is made out of cardstock, my pieces quickly moved to a Rubbermaid to stay safe, and was kind of frustrating in it's PC, 10 (no exaggeration) language diversity.The foldable board didn't bother me, except for it's size, and it's tendency to lift a bit.In terms of durability, my pieces have led a hard life, and the only problem is that they slant away from the base, making them even tippier, but nothing's broken.For $50, I'm not sure it's the best buy, and am amazed that a set with a tin, bigger, rollable board, and heavy plastic pieces filled with rubber ("double-weight", like most traditional nice sets) is not available.But on the other hand it was darn fun...
This is a great chess board for the price!  Has great non-breakable pieces (which is important when you got little ones in the house) that have very nice detail!  The board is a bit flimsy but aint that bad.  I would buy it again, its worth the money.
I have played the first game, HP&amp;SS on the computer, but I can say, the graphics and the game play cannot even match to this one.I love flying around Hogwarts! It's really need when you skim the water in the large lake, you can see a trail of water behind you. I also like it how there are minigames you can play when you have nothing to do, and wanting to earn some extra wizard cards.There is some slight problems. Even though the game was made E for Everyone, and the game play was fairly easy. I would say, there are some problems durring the movie scenes. When Ron, Harry and Hermionie are talking durring some scenes, there bodies rotate, move, or flicker. I found it to be some kind of anyoing glitch, and it happens in my other 3 friends games as well.Overall, besides the point of it being easy, and the glitch, I gave it a nice 4, because I think Game Cube made a wonderful HP game.
With outstanding graphics and a high fun factor, this game is definitely on my favorites list.Game Basics: You control Harry and make him go where you please.  You can make him talk to people, and *duh* fight evil with magic.  You can compete in Quidditch matches which I found quite fun.  You also have to go to classes at his school such as "Flying Lessons" and you get grades for how well you complete the course.  In other classes, such as Charms Class, you have to enter an area and face puzzling situations in order to find a spell book so you can learn a new spell.  Hermoine will also ask Harry to sneak out a few times at night to go to the library.  Harry has to sneak past guards and risk losing House Points.  One thing I want to mention is that I love how when you go to the menu, it gives you a task list that tells you what you need to do next.  (Don't you just hate when you turn on a game and forget what the heck you need to do next?)Spells: I love the spell system.  Whenever you get a new spell, you can choose which button (B, Y, or X) to use when you want to use that spell.  You don't have to worry about any confusing button sequences to perform a specific spell.Difficulty level: Average... my favorite level.  Not too hard, not too easy.  The "final battle" isn't bad at all.  Quidditch is pretty challenging though in my opinion.Graphics: Excellent.  The game is in complete 3D and as someone mentioned before, looks like a movie!Sound Quality: Excellent.  The chracters actually speak instead of having what they say just typed out.Control: Pretty good.  You can't make Harry jump though :(Hours of gameplay: Around 10 for me.Flaws: There were 2 things I didn't like.  (Which is why I gave this 4 stars).  One was that once and a while, though not often, there'd be an error in the game and I'd have to restart.  The other thing is that the long loading times (the game has to load when Harry goes into most rooms) kind of got on my nerves after a while.Overall: Rent, if not buy, this game!  It's definitely worth it!
I have played this game before. I thought it was great in the beginning until I got to Diagon Alley. What I mean is this DOES NOT follow the book or movie. If you are thinking you are going to play like in the book you are totally wrong. For example: You don't get on the train by talking to Lockhart instead of not being able to get threw the barrier. It's a fun game, just it doesn't follow the book.
i bought this for my son used. the instruction book was not in the box. at the first of the game when harry falls through the fireplace into a room with laughing skull and shriveled hand, we can't get out of there. can anyone help us?
I rented this game a little while back, hoping for a good time.  It was a good time.  Great graphics, plenty of adventures, and lots of things go do.  The games within the game are pretty cool.  And, if your tired, just hop on your broom and fly around the grounds.  However, in the long run, after you've finished the game there isn't much else to do.  The game is not hard to play.  Sometimes you don't really have an idea how to defeat the boss on some levels, but you eventually figure it out.  The game isn't very hard though.  I rented it for five days, and only got to play it for three days, and I completed the whole thing.  So, for young children it might be fun, and more challenging.  But, for someone more grown up it might be a bit on the boring side, and not challenging at all.  I liked it but, I wouldn't buy it.  It's better as a rental.
After being disappointed with the 4th Harry Potter game, I decided to test this one out and expected the worst. I was pleasantly surprised to find that this game actually follows the plot of the book and mostly consists of letting you do all of the things in the book that sound fun: de-gnoming the garden, going to Diagon Alley, and so on. The most noticeable feature of this game for me is that is seems to be quite clearly based on the Legend of Zelda games for the Nintendo 64, which happen to be some of my favorite games ever made. This could be a drawback for anyone who dislikes the style of the Zelda games; I think it's wonderful, however, as it's like being able to play Zelda all over again as Harry Potter, except in an easier and less complicated version. It isn't going to ever be considered one of the best games of all time, but it's everything I could hope for from a game based on a movie.
All I see on these reviews are people having fits because EA's GameCube version of Chamber of Secrets didn't live up to their wild expectations. The game is well crafted, the graphics are sensational mainly due to the fact that the GameCube is twice as powerful a machine than PS2 or XBox. I thought there were some annoying aspects as well, mainly trying to control the viewpoint as the game seems to choose a viewpoint for a challenge and not let you straighten it to help you. I am still playing it and think it's a great game overall. What you people need to realize is that NO game can follow a storyline precisely. It would be to linear and too short. With games like this the creators have to take some liberties to make it more interesting and have more things to accomplish in it. One final point, NO GAME WILL EVER SATISFY EVERYONE! Enjoy the game for what it is, a terrific, fun , and very challenging(those who say it's too easy are clearly using walkthroughs or other cheats because this game has been anything but easy IMO).  and quit griping for pete's sake.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a really neat game. It really brings the books alive in a way that the films can't. However, this game strays away from a few things that I like in games.For one, most of the games/plot elements are made up and were never in the books nor films. And the plot never develops. For example, I can remember a part in the game where every time you walked down the Grand Staircase, Nearly Headless Nick would stop you to talk about nothing for a few minutes. Then you never saw him again. Plus, it seems like the writers thought-up the same plot point for every challenge Harry goes through: you're always looking for a book or something else that someone told you to get.Another downfall is that there were many possibilities for more in-depth challenges, like flying the car: you never get to, all you had to do was save Ron from the Whomping Willow.The biggest let-down, however, is that there are hardly any Save Points. I remember trying to receive the book Hogwarts: A History, in one part of the game. For one thing, this 'level' was to hard: you had to go through almost twenty rooms to get the book, and then you had to find your way back. And for two, there were no Save Points in this 'level.' None. So I was forced to play for nearly 2.5 hours before I could save, when I had other things I could've been doing.In short, this game is great in graphics, sound, and play-ability but it lacks in a decent plot. If I hadn't read the book and seen the movie, I would've never known what was going on.Harry Potter: Good, Bad, and Ugly.  5/10 or 50%
Although I was anxious to buy The Chamber of Secrets as fast as possible, I was smart enough to rent it first to try it out for GameCube.  As the other reviews say, i also agree that the graphics are stunning.  The game was very entertaining and i loved the fact that you could fly anywhere around Hogwarts. My one complain though, is that i could finish it in just a few days.  The bosses, such as the Basilisk, were far too easy to beat. (And trust me, I am no great gamer, i usually have problems beating other games.)It was still very fun to play, though. If you are looking for a game that you can probably beat in five days or less, and isn't too difficult, i highly recommend it.  However, if you are not made of money and think you'll only play it a couple of times, i suggest renting it first and see what it's like.
I have this game for game cube and it's awesome! It's very fun, but hard. The weird thing is, it's also easy. For example, it's hard to get past angry wizard guards and make certain jumps, yet the boss battles and broom flying lessons are easy. Another hard thing about this game is getting to certain destinations like the Hogwarts dungeon or the "painting entrance". Overall, this game deserves an A+.
Harry Potter and the Chamber Of Secrets is a fun, challenging, kind of creepy game. Now, what I mean by creepy, is once you get to hogwarts, and have to save someone from  tapestry, when you go down the steps in the Great Stairway (something like that) there is this voice that saids, "Come...come here...let me tear you...let me rip you..." and etc.But, that's not the point.Creatures: annoying (especially the Gnomes) but you have to destroy them with your spell (Flipendo most common) and get use to them. Their everywhere!Characters/Voice: the voice sound so real! And the ghost voices are really spooky and sound so real...like I said.Graphics: Absouletly incredible! Harry and Ron look exactly as in the movies. Not so sure about Hermoine...The only thing that bothers me is sometimes yes...the frustration. The challenges can be difficult, so you better have a strong self confidence that you can do things. These challenges can be tough.I recommeded that if you child/you likes Harry Potter, play this game. And, I suggest that no one that has a high level of frustration..don't buy this game.-Melissa
Its fun if you like harry potter, but if you dont like it you won't like the game. i asked for it...and i'm glad i didnt get it because i beat it in 3 days. it has very good graphics but the camera angles are bad, like when your facing the basilisk when he shoots the poison at you you have to run but when you run your angle moves and you cant see him so you have to move the c stick. i'm still going to buy it though.P.S: you don't need the alohomora speel because there is only a couple chests that you can open and fred and george weasley rips  you off!!!!!!!!
Well, this game is pretty boring and there's not that much action, but if you like chalenges, this is the game. But The Chamber of Secrets for GBC( GameBoy Color) is the best. So if you have a gameboy get the one for gbc.
My sister got this one and I was slightly dissapointed with my earlier games for GC (Rouge Leader, Crazy Taxi, SSB Melee, Medal of Honor).  I wasn't expecting much from Harry Potter, but boy was I surprised.  With stunning graphics, fair gameplay, and stunning freedom of movement, this game is a winner in my eyes.  With Quiditch, great duels, and a fully explorable world (Hogwarts, Diagon Alley, and all kinds of fun places) this is a revolutionary game.On to the bad part......the worst part by far, is that (so far) there is really not a lot of skill involved, it is just a matter of finding things and looking around.  However, don't get me wrong, it is not one of those &quot;mad-button-pushing&quot; things.  Speaking of buttons, the controlls are also intially poorly explained, but it get's better as you go on.  Saving games is terrible.  You have to go to a scroll in the actual world and save, so you have to go out of your way to find them, and you might not always be near one.  Why couldn't they just put it in the menu?  Anyway, this is a great game, a must-get for any Harry Potter fan, and it is still a great game for anyone (I myself do not particularly care for Harry Potter, and I love this game!).
This game is great. You get to travel around an open world Hogwarts collecting Wizard Card's, completing tasks, and trying to find the chamber of secrets. The game isn't perfect however. The platforming can be a little off and the game is rather short, but it makes up for that with solid voice acting and story, great visuals, replay value, and challenge. Highly recommended.
I am a huge Harry Potter Buff, and I thought i should own the game. It got great reviews on IGN and other places. The only concern I had with it is whether it would be challenging for me or not. However so far, it has been quite challenging. It's not as hard as some games, but offers a respectable degree of dificulty and especially satisfies the Harry Potter in me. The graphics are excellent, the game play is good, and it follows the book relitively well. THe only reason why I do not give this a 5 is because the camera angles in the game are frustrating. Especially at certain points where the angle shifts so you can't even see Harry!!! At these points you pretty much have to guess what to do next. Other than this, the game is very entertaining. Definitely worth it for any Harry Potter fan.
As you probably would have read from other reviews, this game's main flaw is the long loading time which can get a bit annoying (this accounts for the 4 stars instead of 5). Other than that, it's a loads of fun! I love the 3D graphics! It feels as though you're in Hogwarts. The game allows you to explore the grounds and school. You meet with students and teachers, and get sent on a variety of quests.The level of difficulty varies from task to task but it is challenging enough for even adults to be kept interested. For those that are having problems getting past a level, I suggest getting a guide. There's a good one you could print out from gamespot.com by Arctic Rabite. It gives a very detailed account of what happens and how to get through. Just use it only when you're really stuck if not it takes the fun out of the game!
Pros:- Great Graphics- Great gameplay- Quiditch is cool- Lots of stuff to collect- Lots of adventure, mini questsCons:- Too easy at many points- It's beatable in 2 days- You can't die (little challenge involved)- Much of Hogwarts isn't available to roam aroundOtherwise, the game is great. My advice: don't buy it, rent it. This way, since you most likely will beat it within a few days anyway, you don't have to own it after you beat it.
I confess; I am not much of a gamer. Being an eighteen-year-old girl, I'm able to remember how cool Nintendos and Playstations were, compared to our DOS computer games... and also the pain of my parents not allowing me to own one ('they will ruin your eyes, melt your brain!' - they were probably kind of right).I'm a huge "Harry Potter" fan, so bought the COS game on Amazon after buying a used PlayStation2 from a cousin. I had already played the PC game, and was looking forward to seeing if there were any or many differences in the same game, different platforms.Really, they are completely different games.As I am unable to judge as a gamer, I will explain it as a "Harry Potter" fan, and compare it to the COS PC game.It's analog controlled, meaning you use the left joystick control to move the characters. Harry can use several spells by the end of the game, however, you have to switch them out if you want to use them. It can be annoying to go to the Remembrall (menu) to do it each time, but it really doesn't take that long.The loading times on the game aren't terrible. In my experience, it beats the terrible loading times of the PC game. The graphics are all right - the characters don't look how they should in the books, and do not resemble the film actors very closely, but they are easily recognisable. There being little to no autosave was quite annoying - having to save it every few minutes, fearing Harry "fainting" and starting over, was quite annoying, but does quickly become habit, and shouldn't be too time consuming, over all. The PC game autosaves, and the characters look identical to the ones in the PS2 game - go figure.You can't skip cutscenes. That would get really old upon playing it a second or third time. I cannot imagine playing this game having never read the books, or seen the films - it barely covers the plot at all. People who haven't a clue of what COS is about would find themselves lost - the PC game is much better in both of these aspects.You get to go to the Burrow and Diagon Alley. If you cannot go to Universal, this is probably the next best thing. You get to go into the Leaky Cauldron, Gambol and Jabes, and a couple other places. You get to go into Knockturn Alley! In the PC game, the gameplay itself begins at Hogwarts.Hogwarts is beautiful in this game. Easy to navigate, but much bigger than it is in the PC game. The thrill of being able to take Harry on his broomstick and soar over the castle is too much for words. That experience alone was worth buying the game. That said, there are many doors in the castle that are locked. Just that - locked. Even the 'Alohamora' spell doesn't unlock them, so they are just there for decoration - it is very annoying. The PC game does not have that at all, I'm pretty sure.The PC game does not let you fly out of the Quidditch stadium.Quidditch plays a pretty big part in the game. I had terrible trouble with it, as the gameplay basically has you fly through hoops. Flying isn't terribly easy if you don't have good hand-eye coordination, but you can practise all you want with Madame Hooch at the flying pitch. You can, however, replay matches until you win, but you cannot go back and replay a match once you've left the Quidditch  stadium. In the PC game, you can.The collecting of the beans is more important in PS2 than in PC - in the PC game, you can really only buy wizard cards and Quidditch gear. In the PS2, you can buy a spell, vials, stink pellets, wizard cards, etc. The collecting of the wizard cards is pretty pointless in both games, but seems to have more of a point in the PC game, as you can win a special challenge.Overall, I think I prefer the PC game - it's richer when it comes plot, and I prefer the Hogwarts interior. Quidditch is easier for me, but it could be because I am more comfortable with the controls. The plot for the PS2 game is very bare-boned, but the Hogwarts exterior is priceless. It's fun to play this sort of scavenger hunt game Gryffindor Tower has set up - dodging the prefects can get old. It's fun to run around the Burrow and Diagon Alley. Overall, I would recommend this game as a must-have for any HP fan, but if you have a PC, also buy the PC one, as the COS experience simply isn't justified by the PS2 game.Harry Potter & the Chamber of Secrets
if you liked the first harry potter games, then this one's gonna really make you feal embarassed for ever liking that first one! this game is great and has many ticks up its sleeves, so watch out!
I got this game for Christmas. This game is AWESOME!!! You start off at the Burrow where you have to defeat a bunch of gnomes and a charmed washing machine. Then, you go to places like Knockturn Alley and Flourish and Blotts. This game is very cool and I recommend this game to everyone. I'll give it Gamepro-style ratings:Graphics: 4.5- Graphics are VERY good, although they could've been a little more realistic. The lighting is superb and I like the fact that mouthes move with the text and they actually have fingers!!!Sound: 5.0- The sound of this game is FABULOUS. Two things I like: the music in the background and the fact that Harry actually talks!!!Control: 4.0- The controls are simple. As you learn spells, you can equip the spells to a button (ex: Flipendo can be used when you press square, lumos when you press circle, etc.), but the fact that when you're on a broom, you go slow, and thats kinda annoying.Fun Factor: 5.0- If you REALLY like Harry Potter as much as I do, you will LOVE this game. When you finish a task outside the school (like on the school grounds) you are free to explore! Also, you can pretty much talk to anyone you meet. You can trade Famous Witches and Wizards Cards with other students, too! Some parts are hard, but hey, callenges are always fun!!!
I'm so stuck. I just can't find the Green House when Neville gets stuck behind the tapestry! Any answers?
OK, so Iam 31.  But I did get this for myself and my nephew & niece to play together over Thanksgiving.  I intended to play it for a little while, and ended up playing for hours over a few nights.  The game itself unfolds well, with Ron Weasley or other chracters providing suggestions of things you need to do when you take too long exploring or doing things other than what you're supposed to.  There are quite a lot of opporutnities to explore the world of Harry Potter, and although you might think it is nearing its end, it seems to find a new thing to challenge you with.  Children and adults both will find it entertaining, graphically sharp, and interesting enough to keep them occupied for quite a while.  You never see anyone die, only a character comes back to a previous starting point.  In all, I would have no problems letting younger children play this game.  The big test will be when I see my niece and nephew in a couple days, and then they will have to decide who gets to play and who gets to watch.  In short, a very good game for anyone.
I usually do not buy video games based on movies because the game usually sucks but as I was at the checkout of the used video game store this particular game was in a big box on the front counter for only a dollar so I said what the heck, you cant go wrong at that price.  It has no direction book or case so I had to make my own case for it.Well the game itself isnt bad at all.  Great graphics, controls are pretty easy, story line is easy to follow.  It is true that most of the characters do not look like their movie counterparts but hey, this is a game, not the movie right!  The load times are annoying.  I use those times to get snacks, grab something to drink, check on dinner etc.Another thing that bugged me is that my game did not save and if I want to play this again I have to start from the beginning again. Grrrrr!!!!  I guess you have to get to a certain point before it saves???I would recommend this game but not brand new as I dont think it is worth it.  Go to a used video game store or on amazon.
I think this game is great with the exception of the extremely long loading time.  The graphics are pretty good.  There are a few glitches but overall the game is set up nicely!  I love the story and was surprised at how close to the book a lot of the quests in the game are.  This was a great buy, I'm just mad about the loading time.  I think I see a few gray hairs now!  Overall a good purchase!
After having played the Harry Potter games first on the computer, I have to say that the Gamecube/PS2 versions are SOOO much better - graphically, interaction and depth of interaction between Harry and everyone (or every monster) that he encounters.As a novice gamer (I'm 24/female.. yeah, I know) - this game was great in difficulty and challenge. I would recommend it to any beginner/medium gamers or any kids/young teens. While a number of reviewers were upset that the storyline didn't totally follow the plot of the book, I don't think that is something to be expected. It's too difficult to make it a "choose your own adventure" and expect to follow a novel precisely. I definitely feel like I was experiencing Hogwarts throughout the gameplay.Ok, now the Pros and Cons:Pros:- Amazing graphics, everything is stunning- Seeing the Burrow and Diagon Alley (it's nice they included both of these places, although your interaction there is limited)- You have access through most of Hogwarts and various parts of the grounds. This is more accessible if you win your Nimbus 2001..- Free Broomstick flying/competitions and of course, Quidditch.- Gnome Throwing Games (you get wizard cards for winning)- Trade-in's using Bernie Botts beans at Fred & George's shop for tools like stink pellets to help you on your quest.- Using of different spells to complete your tasks and challenges. This is fun since you have to figure out how to defeat certain monsters.- Potion vials to increase stamina (get this the very 1st thing if you can at Fred & George's shop!!)- Dueling (take that Draco!)Cons:- Camera angles. This drove me insane. The view would go in crazy angles at the slightest bit which can totally throw you off if you are jumping, fighting an opponent (to the point I can't even see where I'm shooting at) or trying to watch for Prefects!- Yes, loading time... everyone else has mentioned it on here so I guess I should too. Well, at least you can take bathroom breaks in between.- No skipping cut scenes. This is a pain, especially if you are starting over on a certain level.- Only 6 days at Hogwarts? That's pretty short for a school year.- Broomstick racing/Quidditch is too smooth/angular on screen, it doesn't really feel or look like you're flying. (the computer version was much better)- Characters look nothing like the ones from the movies... but guess that's a trivial thing like the storyline.This may be a silly thing to note but it's helpful - if you get hit during your tasks, you will lose a number of Beans and you WILL need them. I recommend getting the beans at the end of the day when you're back in the castle, then go to Fred & George's shop at night for your purchases.Well, I rented this and loved the game so I do plan on buying it. Since I'm recommending this on Amazon.com, you will get it cheaper here than anywhere else.
I found this game to be the best of the 3 existing roleplaying games.The graphic's have improved from the 1st game and allthough in the 3rd Game &lt; Prisoner of Azkaban> the Graphics are even better this 2nd game was more challenging.There is plus and minus to every game. The broom stick controls can be a little difficult but after some practice one gets used to it. I liked how the spells have advanced giving them more power but be careful not to hold down the buttons for to long or else you hurt yourself. Trading beans for items in Fred and George's hidden wizard shop is nice but can get annoying specially when you always have to collect beans. Allthough the 200 bean bag is a huge advantage it still is annoying to collect beans over and over again after one went on a little spending spree. Hint you will not receive the 200 count bean bag until you helped all the students on the grounds &lt; not the notice board>. Some of the items on the notice board/ and from the students are easier to find then others.Some of the challenges are harder then others as well, I found the kill Aragog challenge to be a bit of a joke but almost threw the controller at the TV after being hit so many times by a jumping book case in the skurge spell challenge &lt; forbidden Library section> &lt; and yes you can laugh at that find out for yourself how hard it can be to defend yourself against flying books>.There is alot more to explore in this game then in the 1st one and even the 3rd game doesn't have that much stuff to find. Take your time and fly around the grounds on your broom &lt; after you catch the snitch  in a training game> . Talk to students and even trade Wizard cards &lt; which you will collect along the game so make sure to open all treasure chests as soon you have the matching spells and keys>Being caught by prefects at night will cost your house points so be careful. There is quite a few hidden passages you can take to avoid that. In general the game is the same as the book/ movie. It's only a few times that the story is changed to fit the game.There is a whole lot of minigames in this game costing 5- and up beans per round.In all this game was  like I said before better then the 1st one, I however found that killing the Basilisk at the end of the game was a little to easy. I still recommend this game if you like the other Harry Potter games I am sure you will like this one as well!!
Harry Potter 2 for PS2 is perhaps the most wonderful game I have ever played.  It allows the player to explore Hogwarts and its secret passage ways, most of which are hard to find.  However, there is only a couple of things I would change for the game.  First of all there needs to be larger areas to explore before you have to wait for it to load.  The other is that it should be longer and harder.  The basilisk was very easy to defeat.  It is very hard to die in this game if you know what you are doing.  However all games could be better and this is a great game.
This was a pretty good game.  I thought the graphics were okay, but Harry lookd and sounded like a three-year-old.  Other than that the controls are pretty smooth and the gameplay is okay.  You don't see much of Ron and Hermione... but it's fine.  Rent this, rent one, buy three.
This game has it's good points-Amazing Graphics-Flying around hogwarts-secrets, hiddenpassages-all real voices (No characters just have typing)-hogwarts itself was pretty amazing (the castle)-mini games-Fred &amp; George's joke shop was neatNow here are the bad points.....-First off they chopped the story into soo many bits even I (a huge potter fan) got confused what was going on.-1 class per day???? ummm....-too many dungeons...I quickly became tired of the teachers sending me into holes in their walls to retrieve spells.-Load times....urg-Hagrid? where's Hagrid? you hardly see him, and you can't even go inside his hut. =(-short. the game is way too short.Basicly I suggest you rent, not buy this video game, but it IS worth renting...well worth it.
This game is fun b/c u get ato be Harry. It has awesome graphics and the beginning segment is really like the movie.but the days are so short and there is only one class per day. and what is up with going into the serect rooms every day just to get a new spell??most levels are pretty easy but i have never had trouble figuring out video gamesok now i am certain that this game cannot be beat. i know i said im awesome with video games, but the end with the snake thing is damn near impossible. nothing you do penetrates the FN thing!i guess overall it's ok, but you should only buy it if ur a hardcore HP fan
Well, I received this game as a Christmas gift and immediately slipped it into the PS2 game console.  The first thing that caught my eye was the amazing graphics!!  I felt as if I had been transported into Harry's world.  The first few levels are meant for the player to become acquainted with the controls and overall feel of the game.  The first drawback of this game I observed, however, was the loading time.  To step through one door it takes about half a minute to load.  It doesn't seem to hinder the player at first, but as the game continues it proves to be a bit of a pest.  However, this is only a minor drawback and is easily made up for.  The game is made up of a series of "mini-quests" divided into days.  Each day, Harry has 2-4 mini-quests to complete.  Some of these quests are quite simple while others are nearly impossible.  The only reason I'm still playing is because I read an online walkthrough for the game every time I get really, really stuck.  I suggest other players do this to prevent any kind of violence that might result from frustration ;).  Overall, this game is wonderful!!!  It's challenging, entertaining, visually mesmerizing, and full of ingenuity.  A wonderful buy and treat for the whole family.
I was watching one of my "clients" play this game and thought it looked really interesting.  I'm the type who likes to explore in games so I figured I'd give it a try.  I was not disappointed!  I love exploring Hogwarts.  It lets you forget your everyday life just for a little bit and be transformed into a new world.  You go to class and cause mischief. The night missions did get hard and kids might struggle with it.  But nothing a little patience can't cure.  The camera angles aren't the greatest, but it's workable.
Picked up a copy of this game for PS2, and while I can't comment on the other platforms, I can say that this game is a lot of fun.It does play similar to Legend of Zelda in that you acquire things and spells as you move through the game to help out.. lots of side games and other tasks included to give you a breather from regular gameplay and rack up points for Griffindor.The only downside to this game (and the reason it gets 4 instead of 5 stars) is the frequent and lengthy load times as you move between parts of Hogwarts.. sometimes 15-20 seconds of loading for every couple minutes of moving around.  A &quot;warp&quot; feature similar to Zelda would have helped out here and taken away the need to always go back and forth through frequently-used parts of the castle.Great graphics, good level of difficulty and LOTS of fun.. highly recommended!
Brings back memories, great game. Condition of game when I received it was questionable. The case had some kind of dirt on it when I received it, but game plays great.
poa is better but this is still a really fun game.the sneaking past prefects is hard but other then that this is a great game
I played this game and loved it ,but it dose take to long to load and if you die you have to hear someone talk or do a challenge over. it dose follow the book and movie. I thought the boses were not hard i thought arogong and the snake were going to hard ,butt i didnt even die once, but overall a pretty good game.
I love Harry Potter. I love the movies, the books, and the first game for the computer. This game would be great except for the amount of time it takes for it to load. Be prepared to have to wait A LOT for things to load. It's a little ridiculous. In some parts of the game, you'll walk into a room, wait for it to load, walk out of the room, wait for it to load, run down the stairs, wait for it to load. Perhaps you get the picture. It gets incredibly frustrating, making it impossible to play the game for very long at one sitting.Otherwise, it is excellent. you get to roam the castle, find secret passages, roam the grounds. For fans of the movies/books it is a real treat.
this game is alot better than the first harry potter game,i love the fact that you can play quidditch, and that you learns spells throughout the game, the graphics are decent, and the tasks are challanging, however the game has a few flaws,first of all its extremely brief,it takes a mere 6 hours to complete it,there is no real point in collecting the wizzard cards, and spells can backfire on you,another thing i found very annoying were the ghosts and flying books (hogwarts a history level), each time they attack you you loose beans and health, another thing is its hard to get sufficient wiggenweld potion to survive until later in the game,overall its definely worth buying,
This was a really fun game that basically goes through the plot of the Chamber of Secrets story line, letting you play Harry. The graphics are great, and the story line is well done. There's a good mix of the linear storyline with the option to go off exploring &quot;at night&quot; to collect wizard cards or play some games.The one thing that I found incredibly frustrating was some of the &quot;jumping&quot; quests where I felt like I was fighting camera angle and the game implementation rather than doing anything that required real skill. I almost got to the point of giving up on the game at one point.
This game is fun. But like all movie games it has it's weakness. First off NEVER get this game used my seller arrow media, made this game's cutscenes slow motion. Oh yeah, this game has fun bosses and I know that they would have made good cutscenes if it wasen't for the slow motion. The slow motion also affects the moving too. The design of hogwarts is okayish. Hogwarts in this game looks nothing like it does in the movies. The graphics are good, but hey, it's ten years old.My score is a 7/10, so this game costs 45 dollars?! If you are dying to get this game I recommend get it on another console.
This was a good game but i think it would have been better if you could say your own things and fight the teachers and stuff!! But anyways this is a great game and i like the graphics and all the spells and stuff but i just can't get enough of those bertie botts beans to buy some trick stuff from the trick store. This game is one of the better games for x box and i reccomened that you buy it!!
This was a great game overall, but it could have been better.  The graphics were pretty good to.  I thought the game was to short and to easy.  But if your a true Harry Potter fan like me you will play it over and over like I have.  The worst thing about the game was the quidditch, it was fun and everything but I thought it would be alot different.  I mean if your a half-decent flyer then it will be really easy for you.Pros:-good graphics-fun game-you can play flying and gnome mini-games-at the end of the day you can roam the Hogwarts halls as you wish-lots of things to accomplishCons:-way to short-kinda easy-bad quidditch impression-you cant save it when your in the middle of something, you have to go to a certain spot and save it
This game is great. I would question the buttons and handling myself but the magic and action makes up the missiong star. This is a great game for anyone.
First off, this is a very good game. My wife played it, and I watched (I'm writing the review for her). Anyway, she has read all of the books, and we both enjoyed the two movies that are out very much. So we thought we would rent this game and see if it was worth buying.The game is very, very fun, and addictive. It's hard to find a good stopping point, and you just continue on and on. The game stays somewhat true to the movie, but wavers enough to keep the story interesting (after all, who wants to just play the movie word-for-word?).However, because of the addictiveness of the game, the largest shortcoming becomes apparent pretty quickly: the game is too short. My wife played it over a course of about 3 or 4 days, for maybe a total of 10 hours, and she beat it. Games are becoming too short, and I can't justify spending $... on a game that can be beaten in 10 hours. On the plus side, the game continues after you have beaten the last character, as there is a side quest to find all of the jelly beans to complete a set. You can trade jelly beans with other non-player characters, or find them in objects. So you can actually end up spending many more hours trying to do this. But if you ignore that part and simply run through the game, it is much too short for such a fun game.
I received a GBA from my brother, &amp; because I'm a fan of Harry Potter this was the 1st game I bought.  I really enjoyed playing it, &amp; found that I couldn't stop playing it!I was impressed by the graphics, &amp; the sound was pretty good (The last handheld I had was the original clunky Gameboy) so this was a suprise to see how it's changed graphically.The story wasn't the best (Nothing like the Gamecube version), but I liked performing the tasks, &amp; it was in a way almost relaxing to play this game.  It definately made long drives less long.Although I must admit I suck at Quidditch...  Oh well, we can't all be a Viktor Krum...
I love Harry Potter and will until the day I die, but this game only deserves four stars! The graphics are worse than the last game, except for the fact that Harry is no longer a midget. Good for Harry fans, but get the cheat codes!...
When I finally bought a Gameboy Advance, This was the game I bought with it. I was really into it a first because it was the first game I had ever played on a GBA. I actually finished it in two days!! This was a bit of a disappointment to me, because I has hoped it would be longer. The game is boring to play once you have completed it once because it is all the same. And you don't get to fly in the flying car either, like they say on this site.
My bro has this game. I've played it a few times...pretty good game! Entertaining and a must have for any Harry Potter fan. The only thing that kept this game from getting 5 stars is the settings are awfully dark, so it's hard to see on important levels like when you have to copy a Professor's complicated wand movements. Besides that, cool game! Watch out for the evil rats!
The game is ok but if you are a true HP fan that won't matter to you I recommend for HP fans only
I've had a little issues staring the game, but if you hold down the START button and turn it on it starts up just fine. I haven't had the time to beat it yet, but it's very entertaining absolutely lovely.&lt;3 Harry Potter FanaticTwilight Sucks.
I knew that I wanted this game but couldn't decide between the GBC or GBA versions. After reading up on some reviews from gaming sites, I decided to go for the GBC because of the roleplaying aspect of the gameplay.I agree that the graphics leave much to be desired but then it is Gameboy Color, so you shouldn't expect too much. The gameplay is what really sold me to the game. It pretty much follows the general plot of the book and is basically the same type of graphics and visuals as the GBC "Sorcerer's Stone" game. I enjoyed that one so I stuck with the GBC for "Chamber of Secrets" as well.  It is fairly easy to maneuver and the locations such as the Weasley home, the train station and Hogwarts pretty much follow the locations in the movie or book.  The characters match that in the book and Hermione or Ron (or both) often accompany Harry when completing tasks or battling enemies.I enjoyed this game for what it was - a less sophisticated game visually than the Gameboy Advance but a fun game nonetheless. It's fun to wander around Harry Potter's world in these games and as a Potter fan I couldn't ask for anything else than to have the opportunity to immerse myself in Harry's world once in awhile.
I got this game for Christmas last year, thinking I would really love it.  However, I found it not to be what I had expected after I began playing.The graphics and music are very impressive for a GBA game, but the content of the game is second-rate.  It is a very butchered adaptation of the book and the movie.  There isn't that much action in it--even the Quidditch game is kind of dull and the climax where you fight the (very stupid-looking) Basilisk isn't anything special.One of the few good things about the game are the bonuses you can find.  For collecting the 5 wizard cards in each set gives you something extra (for example, collecting all the charms cards gives you the Alohomora spell and collecting all the beasts cards opens a glossary of beasts that's worth checking out).  And by collecting all 100 red beans you can play a slide puzzle game.  Sometimes getting all of the bonus things will take a while, so you may have to play it several times before you get everything unlocked.  The saving system of the game is fair because you don't have to memorize any passwords, but finding the saving points can be annoying if you're running low on patience.Still, it's a fun game to play the first few times you play it.  Heck, I still play it once in a while even after I've had it for a year.  I give this game 3 stars because it isn't a game I'd do cartwheels over, but it isn't a waste of money.
I just got the GBA for Christmas and including the game Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets I wanted to get Godzilla Domination but when I went to the store and saw the back off the game and saw how horrible the graphics were I changed my mind.  The Harry potter game has great graphics I know I don't know much about the GBA since I just go it but when I played that harry potter game I felt like I was watching a movie on a DVD player! The story line is great although I kinda didn't understand it.  It would have made sense if I didn't keep skipping over it because I was so excited about playing the game.  The things I didn't like about it was that you had to collect things and when I beat the game (in two days)I didn't finish collecting everything and I felt like I really didin't beat the game.  ANother thing I didn't like was when you play the game over again after you beat it you start to realize they talk a little too much.  I'm 14 about to be 15 in 3 weeks if your'e like 7, 8 or 9 or if you just got the GBA this would be a great game for you.
I mean, it's not great. The controls aren't wonderful and the storyline is awful. The graphics are pretty good, though. The problem is that it gets really repetitive after a while, and while it stayed (mostly) true to the book/movie, it's a lot of wandering around and flipping switches. I also really didn't like how you only control Harry. Ron and Hermione will say "I'll meet you there" and you don't get the experience of actually walking around and controlling them. I would have liked that a lot better.Additionally, this game took me no time at all to beat. I started it one morning and finished it that night, and I wasn't playing nonstop. I'd buy it used, since it really isn't worth a ton of money.
Although I expected a lot more from this game, I would have to say that the current features are satisfactory for a GBA game. You don't really get to interact or experience that you are in a &quot;wizarding world&quot; as much as the PS2 version, but it should keep you pretty busy for a while. One reason is the limited technology on GBA that the publisher can't make the game as detailed or as long as the PS2 or Game Cube version. However, this should satisfy a lot of people, especially for kids 12 and under and Harry Potter fans. I would have to say that the graphics are excellent. Much better than the Game Boy Color one. The game is not really difficult, but there are still some levels that will challenge your skills, such as your first flying lesson (which took me a while) and the jelly bean challenges. Overall, it's a pretty good Harry Potter game for GBA.
I recently finished Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets story line and I'm still working to find all it's secrets. This game ,like the first, has many things for you to do. The gameplay also changes so your not always doing the same old thing. After you beat the story part of the game their are many things you still can do. For example dueling the masters of the school by collecting witchs and wizards cards. If you collect enough cards you can open a secret door. I think COS (Chamber of Secrets) has a very good replay factor because their are so many different things to do. This has already been said but it's worth saying again. QUIDDITCH IS WAY BETTER THAN BEFORE! The only reason i gave it 4 stars out of 5 is because their should be more boss's.
I used to play this game a lot when I was around 11 years old and I liked it a lot better than the PS2 version of it. This is in good condition and I thank you for it.
This games follows the book version more closely than the movie.  Aside from solving the Chamber of Secrets puzzle, you can involve yourself in collecting famous wizard and witches cards, look for other hidden passages and ride around the castle rooftops on your broom.  The difficulty is about a &quot;medium&quot;; easy enough to solve and win over but challenging and inventive enough to keep from getting bored.  One complaint: maneuvering Harry to stand exactly where you want him to (required in a handful of critical moments during the game) is a nuisance.Highly recommended for hopeless HP fanatics (like myself) and lovers of RPGing (ditto).
I purchased this game for my son who is an avid Harry Potter fan.  Some of the graphics are not that great, but he loves it and he especially likes the flying car part of the game.  It is one he plays again and again.
The game is quite cool to me ! I have completed the first harry potter game and craving for more after that , and finally my dream come true! just a few comment to the 'Harry Potter and the camber of secrets' game is that the sound of harry potter is very weird, it sounds like a sisi to me. The good thing is that they added a few more game in it to make it more intresting like &quot; the wizard duel , race record for you to broke while you head for lesson, the are grades &quot; A ,B , C &quot; too to your performance in class( SO IT IS NOT SO BORING LIKE THE FIRST ONE).Of all ...... the best part is the quidditch match ! you must race against your rival malfoy and knock him down before you can continuce to catch the snitch. The are also many thing on the way to slow you down and don't forget the budlger behind you. SO GET IT NOW PEOPLE......... SEE YOU IN HOGWARTS.....
All in all, I loved the game HP and the CoS.  It was fun and not so difficult that you get frustrated enough to throw the controller at the screen, while at the same time not so easy that you felt you were playing something for five-year-olds.  However, it was pretty short.  I finished the game in one day, in about twelve hours.  I've seen a lot shorter games, but I think they could have added more and made it longer.  It only took me that long to get one hundred percent completion, including accessing the Founder's Tower--the contents of which, I must say, were rather pointless and disappointing--with no help from the internet or friends.  I feel it necessary to add that I am no expert--I'm no more than mediocre.My favorite parts:Fighting AragogLooking for Wizard CardsFighting the Basilisk (which, in contrast to Quirrel of SS, was overly easy)DuelingMy advice to the makers:Make the next game a little longer, a tad bit more challenging, but not overly so, and make the Duelling a side game for two players so that you can challenge one another.  That would be wicked!
This game was great.And still is i get stuck on  some parts but manage to get through.Nothing is reallly hard .It is way better then the 1st game.So i recomend u buy this game as fast as possible!!
Harry Potter is back in a great new adventure. When I bought this game it was so mutch fun that I did not want to stop. The game is so cool but sometimes it is very hard like at the giant spider aragog. You get to fly to Hogwarts batle your enemy's earn new spll's and be Harry Potter! I have so mutch fun. If you are a Harry Potter fan you should buy it and it is not vilent.
I got Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets in my stocking for Christmas this year.  It was my first gameboy game, and I was very impressed with it.  Gameboy has progressed a long ways since I had played last (maybe 10 years ago).  The colors were vivid and bright, the detail wonderful!  I had to laugh out loud - its so detailed that you can see tiny slugs coming out of Ron's mouth when his wand backfires!  I must admit, when I received Pokemon yellow next, I was a little disappointed with the colors/detail/etc after playing Harry Potter for a week or so.The game follows the story line exactly - from living at the Dursley's, buying books at Diagon Alley, to attending Headless Nick's deathday party at Hogwarts.  And I found very helpful that the game provided &quot;how to's&quot; when playing.  For example, you degnome the Weasley's garden, the game gives you quick instructions on how to play before you do it (very helpful - it doesn't leave you scrambling for an instruction book).  There are also a bonus 8 mini games you can play whenever you wish.  I would say the game is great for about anyone - a young child (not violent, not too hard and easy to catch on to) or someone like myself (a college student procrastinating on papers to do).  I played the game in 15 hours (logs your time) and found it very enjoyable and entertaining.  I would highly recommend it.
Got this game with christmas money. I'd read a few reviews and thought this would be a good game to get for my GBC. I was wrong. I've beat it about 10 times now and it's gotten old pretty fast. So if you want to play this game, rent it, DO NOT BUY IT. But I would recommend any Zelda games.
The game is really better then GBA's version since i have both of them . The graphics for chamber of serets are very good. The way you denome the garden is great and it also gives you little tips that help you alot. Its not like the first one where you get all these hard and fustrating quests, its much better. The duel with malfoy is great. And the quests you do are much better then the first game. It is also a bit longer then the first one so you won't finish in a day unless you are a fan and play all day and night. The quests are hard but there not impossible. ALL HP FANS SHOULD GET THIS GAME BECAUSE IT IS VERY EXCITING AND REALSTIC ALMOST.
Good fun, nice ,realistic HP Games !!!! Reminds me of NES Zelda !!!! Good ol days ;> !!!! REminiscent !!!! ;> If you like HP I recommend !!!! :)
I would firstly like to begin by stating I HAVE NOT PICKED UP MY CAME BOY IN 8 YEARS UNTIL A WEEK AGO. This was my first time playing any form of hand-held game in about 8 years and I have to say I am impressed with what they had back then. The graphics are good, the story is based on the book more than the movie (which is a good thing). It might get a little bit tedious but they have shortcuts in the castle so it's not that bad. Anyway I might as well keep this short since almost no one ever reads long reviews. I do like when people put pros and cons in though so it's easier to just skip everything, so;Pros:Good graphics for a Gameboy Color game,Good story-line,Very fun for kids and adults,Not too hard but not too easy,Good side-missions,Easy to figure out how to play,After you beat it you can play again with all the levels you gained and cards you collected,Witches & Wizards cards to collect,Not too long but not too short.Cons:A little obsolete,A bit tedious,NOT ENOUGH QUIDDITCH,Too much speech (wastes time),You don't keep the items after you beat the game.
Fun game. Definitely worth it's money. I really like how real it seems. I would buy it again. Happy I bought the game.
Okay lets get the facts stright here first... The harry potter movies suck. The books are the all time bomb (for grownups that means awsome) The games useally fowllow the foot steps of the book. But this game how ever is real good. You spend most of your time chaseing a quffle. This game is a bit easy for hardcore gamers but still worth renting. You may want to buy it for PC if your gamer is hardcore, beacuse I think it has online play (I could be wrong but check anyway. I been playing for almost 10 years.
this is a great for harry potter fans it has some consgrapicsthey are great but we sould be able to to under stuff so 3.4gameplay can be repitive but world cup make it unless your not a harry potter fan don't get this game
This game is very good.  Many hours of fun, I think is addited.  Yes, I will recommend this game to a friend.
This game is so much fun. I have been a huge fan of harry potter ever since I was little but I also love sports so this game is amazing.
This game is so fun, my husband and I were in stitches playing against one another in the head to head competition.There are several game play options (play against computer, play against another person, or the tutorial). First you need to "attend" Hogwarts and learn how to play Quiddich. Through a series of tutorials you learn to play the game and this is one of the best things about the game. I am 27 and at this point I don't have the ability that most 8 year-olds have to just pick up a video game and intuitively know how to play.The graphics are fun and colorful and the characters look great. Those who are familiar with the book will enjoy playing their favorite characters.  Along the way when you perform certain activities you can win "Quiddich Cards" that will allow you to upgrade your teams brooms (among other things).This game promises to be hours of fun for any age!
I'm a very good gamer at sport games and rpg games. This game blows most sport games away on diferent systems, i haven't tried this one yet, for gba.
My kids loved it.  got a lot of play until they finished it.
I had a copy of the PC version of this game, which had excellent graphics and special moves but only medocre game play.  The PC version suffers from being way too easy to shut out any opponent on just about every level.  On the plus side, the French team were hot!The GBA cut of Quidditch World Cup is much better.  Since the play is almost entirely two-dimensional (it's side-scrolling with you controlling movement across the field), it's pretty easy to follow, and scoring is challenging enough even on the easy levels to make an interesting game.You have a lot more control over your special moves and beaters in the GBA version than in on the PC.  Instead of waiting for the game to award you a chance at a special move or beaters, you just build up enough energy in your energy bar and then do it.  It makes it a lot more interesting and unpredictable.The international stadiums are just as cool as they are on the PC, and the games are much more challenging even on the lower levels.The downside, though, is that it's very difficult to win on goals alone, the way Ireland did in Goblet of Fire.  The Snitch race typically happens well before either team scores more than 150 points, so it makes the Quaffle a bit superfluous.All in all, a worthy effort at simulating an extremely difficult sport.  I bought it for my daughter a few days ago and she hasn't stopped playing it yet.
I've been reading reviews for this game, and I had thought I had a guarenteed great game in my hand after i bought it. I guess I thought wrong. I am about 14 years old and have read the potter books and like them alot. THis game is very disapointing. SOme of you might be familiar with the scoring system in quidditch: 10 pts. for each time the quaffle (main playing ball) goes through one of the goal-like hoops, and 150 pts. for when the seeker catches that darn golden snitch. Now, I say they either change the rules of quidditch, or make a sequal to the game. I dont think they can go back and change all those books. To me, all this game is is flying around tossing the quaffle back and forth, until the time comes to try and catch the snitch before the other team does. The game works it out so that when there are enough steals, special moves and passes during a game, it automatically goes right to the catching of the snitch. I feel the quaffle part of this game is completly pointless because the way the game makes it, whoever catches the snitch wins. It almost never get to you scoring 150 points with the quaffle before the hunt for the snitch is on, so why even have the quaffle play in it. Basically, this game just comes down to the 1 minute hunt for the snitch at the end.If you are a collector of harry potter memorabilia, Go ahead and get the game. Other than that, spend your money on a good game like Metroid Zero Mission or Super dodge ball advance
This is a really cool game and I was so happy when Draco was on the cover. He has finnaly been given the attention he deserves! You can play as the four Hogwarts houses and then you can move on to the Quiditch world cup. You can also play as two players. I always beat my brother.
i think that this is by far the best of the potter games, altho i haven't tried out the new prisoner of azkaban game. i do have to say that i love the books, and i am a very causual gamer. I play this game loads, and i really do enjoy it. in contradiction with one of the reviews i just read, i find it terribly easy to score over 150 pts in a game before the snitch chase, and the world cup games get harder as you go on. overall i think it's brilliant.
This is a great game!! Scoring can be difficult (which makes it intense) and the snitch chase is well done. And it never gets boring; I dominated the Quidditch cup (Hogwarts), but have only ever won the World Cup once. And I've tried quite a few times. A+!
This plays a bit like a soccer game, with great special and magical moves. Except that your flying!Overall - A good game, but solo replayability isn't as good as it could be. On the plus side, there are lots of things to unlock in this mode. My real problem is with Quiddich itself - it really doesn't matter what you do, catching the snich wins all. This game tries to remedy this by linking you snitch boost to game performance, but from a game play perspective this should have been pushed even more.Replayability - Average. Beating the computer 400 to zero gets dull after awhile, but two player mode is very intense and more like a soccer match (lots of action, ocassional scoring)Graphics - Very good. Everything moves and feels smooth, it looks very good, and although the &quot;nice shot&quot; movies get stale, you can skip them quickly.Game Play - As stated above, the only downside is the &quot;snitch wins all&quot; sudden death feel to every game. BUT, passing the quaffle, which is most of the game, is well done and 2 player mode will ware your finder prints off.
I just purchased this game and I have to admit that I am already addicted to it.  It's pretty easy when you first play the game, but it gets tougher to beat the opponents later in the game.  It is easy to control, the graphics are great, basically it is a whole lot of fun.
At first this game is extremely boring because it is as though the other teams aren't trying.  In most games you beat the other team by about 300 points, but once you get out of Hogwarts and play in the world cup, it gets much more difficult and more fun.[I can't beat Japan yet because of their seeker - but I just got the game two hours ago]. The stadiums are amazingly well detailed and the game has pretty good graphics.  All-in-all it's a great game if you're a Potter fan.
This is an absolute must if you're a Quidditch fan or Harry Potter fan. It is hard and easy but not so hard that you can never win. It is possible :P. You can play as all of the certain players in each team. You play chaser, beater, seeker and keeper. It is absolute fun. I had a lot of fun playing at my friend's house.
.... quidditch. I mean we have seen it in the movies and read about this " sports" in the books but it really is as I imagined the game to be. I like the fact that you can play for the Hogwarts House Cup and that you can play the world cup.To unlock certain levels and teams you have to obtain wizards cards by playing this game. The levels are from super easy to medium &lt; others might find it hard > . My tip is to get as much  training at school as possible before starting the World cup giving you a head start  when it comes to the controls.The controls in the beginning can be a bit confusing but it will get easier the more practice you get. There is plenty of teams to try out in the World Cup that way one really doesn't get bored playing this game.Before going to the world cup check out the inventory to see what cards you need. One has to do certain things to obtain some of the cards. For example only shoot thru the left goal hoop or win a game by only catching the snitch and so on. Once you have all cards for a team you can perform special team moves earning you lots of points kicking back the other teams seeker.In the Hogwarts Housecup challenge  there is plenty of "best- times" to beat for each team. And yes you can play with all 4 teams. My favorite is Ravenclaw as for the fact that they have a good seeker.Playing in the Worldcup mode you get to see many different stadiums &lt; I like the Australian one > and the commentaries if you even have time to listen to them are fun to listen to. So get going unlock cards and  lots of  teams and brooms and get playing.
Will you like this game?  If you've ever wondered what's it like to fly on a broomstick and play the magical (albeit fictitious) game of Quidditch, then the answer is a resounding yes!  How much you like this game will be directly related to your love of the Harry Potter books and movies.  Its clear that the designers took this into consideration as they have created a virtual world that is (with one glaring exception) true to the J. K. Rowling novels.  The game is easy to learn and play and is well suited for the younger Harry Potter fans.  This is more simulation than sports game and hard core gamers will get bored quickly, although there are 4 skill levels and after hours of play I still find the hardest level a challenge.The game has 2 main levels, Hogwarts and World Cup.  You start play in the former, guiding one of the house teams against the three other team in hopes of winning the Quidditch Cup.  The Quidditch Cup is held at the easiest difficulty level, so even young players can start here.  Before you start play, you have a chance to practice with team and learn the various skills needed for success: controlling the quaffle, smacking your opponent with the bludger, and grabbing the snitch.  If you don't understand any of this, don't worry; there is plenty of instruction from your teammates.  And this is much fun for the Harry Potter fans, interacting with the "real" players.  All the Gryffindor players are here from Harry's third year, as well as Draco Malfoy and Marcus Flint from Slytherin; Roger Davies and Cho Chang from Ravenclaw; and Cedric Diggory from Hufflepuff.  And practice is more than just a way to sharpen your skills;  you will also have a chance to win Quidditch Cards, which unlock special player moves and World Cup teams.Win enough Quidditch Cards and you will be able to play in the World Cup, where you control one national team in a round-robin tournament against 8 other teams.  Playing 16 matches can get a bit boring, but as you continue to win Quidditch Cards you can increase the difficultly level and launch special team moves, which add to the fun.  Each team has its own national stadium, and the game designers showed great creativity here, modeling each after architecture you might find in the country; pagodas in Japan, castles in England,  the Outback in Australia.  I loved them all but my kids thought the Nordic Team stadium, made entirely of ice, was the best.  Harry Potter fans will not be surprised to find the Bulgarian team here, led by Viktor Krum at Seeker.  But where is Ireland?  The team that won the World Cup in Harry Potter #4 is conspicuously absent here.  I guess EA Sports figured they'd make more money with teams such as Spain and Australia.  Still the designers did such a good job with the teams they did include that you can almost forgive the slight.  And we can all hope that a future version will include the Irish team.My only other knock against the game is that the players only move in 2 dimensions.  I predict that everyone who plays this game will be frustrated at not being able to fly under the bridge in the Japanese stadium, or through the Gothic arches in Bulgaria.  Despite these flaws, the game provides hours of great fun and is suitable for Harry Potter fans of all ages.
I loved this game, as well as all my friends loved this game! In fact, everyone I know who ever played this game has love it! Even my one friend, who hasn't read a single Harry Potter book, loved it, as well as my brother, who thinks Harry Potter is the third anti-christ loved it! I would recommened that anyone should buy it, whether you have read or liked the books or not.
this game is awesome it's got great graphics it's very realistic!you can play all houses and you can aalso play Australia! one bad part is cedric diggory died in the fourth book but you can still play as him! Don't try to tie either! all it does is come up a draw! but it is  funny to do. it is fun to tell your friend to get 150 points and say that you'll catch the ssnitch!
I got this game for my birthday because I've LOVED Quidditch since I first read about it in the first Harry Potter book. I've been hoping for years that they'd create a Quidditch game and this one is well worth the wait. The action is fast and fun, and it's surprisingly easy to handle being the chasers, beaters, keeper and seeker all at once. The gameplay is well crafted, as are the graphics, and the different Quidditch stadiums are wonderful to see. The game starts off very easy, but higher levels of difficulty are quickly unlocked. What I find lacking is background information, I wish there was a roster you could check out to learn about each of the team members and different Quidditch teams' strengths and weaknesses. That would be a nice addition to a sequel game, and would make Quidditch seem even more real.
It's finally out, Quidditch world cup! I got it first day it came out and it rocked! A must buy to any hp or sports fan!
Well, here we are with the first Quidditch video game.  I went out today (10.29.03) to get it as soon as it was released, and the reason i say first game is that this one has so much potential for more.Don't  get me wrong, this game is fantastic.  But a warning to those skeptics out there:  YOU WILL ONLY LIKE THIS GAME IF YOU ARE A TRUE POTTER FAN.  It can get a bit repetitive, but to a true fan, who cares:  it's quidditch!The only other bad thing is that it could have so many more options, such as a dynasty mode similar to football video games or even a season mode.  There's not much to this game; however....The controls impress me.  It's very easy as a beginner (you can't lose your first match unless youre absolutely horrible).  It's very easy to catch on, and there are a few special moves that, alone, make this game worth getting.  It also has multiplayer, so that's a plus.  The stadiums are awesome (sadly, the american field is somewhat disappointing) but the rest (especially Japan) are excellent.TO CONCLUDE:  This title is worth buying if you're an extreme harry potter fan.  Otherwise, i recommend renting it.  I, being a true potter fan, LOVE THIS GAME.
this game is awesome! it has great game play alot of diffrent teams and 4 diffrent brooms.over all i would have given tis game 100 stars. the only bad part is the world cup has 18 rounds.
We gave it as a gift to a 9 year old, who has really enjoyed it. He was able to pick up how to play it very quickly.  The 12 year old 'beat' the game the first time through, but thoroughly enjoyed himself, and will play it again.  He described it as similar to the Sports video games, but with less options in selecting teams.  Our 6 year old was playing it proficiently within about 10 minutes.  It can be played against the computer, or against another opponent.  For myself, the scenes whirl past too quickly, and I get dizzy.  But, it doesn't bother the boys, and they seem to enjoy it.  They all said that competition against the computer was minimal...the best is against another human player.  I suspect it will not be one of the long term favorites, but a good one to pull out when a friend comes over.
I loved this game when I was a kid, due to my obsession with H.P. and all but the game is not backwards compatible with the modern XBOX360. So be aware.
My boyfriend and I played the first Harry Potter video game for the PC and really disliked it. It was obviously made for children, extremely simple, and the graphics were not very good (despite the fact it used the Unreal engine). I was a bit skeptical of Quidditch World Cup, but bought it anyways.And am I glad I did. The game is not overly simplified, but does take you through training very slowly so even beginning gamers can get the hang of it. I have a problem where 3D first-person or third-person games generally make me nauseous after playing a little while. This game provides  a good perspective that doesn't have this effect, which is great.The graphics are pretty good, but could be a little better. Given that this is for the Xbox, some use of pixel shaders or bump mapping would've been nice. Also, the victory moves after making a goal aren't very plentiful and you'll quickly tire of seeing them.
I thought this game was absoloutly sweet when i first played it at the pub we went to so i really wanted to get it but now i'm going to get the new harry potter game. but if i had a choice of getting another game i would get this one because i loved it. if your thinking of buying it your making a good choice so do bye from Reade Norman in Australia.
While I enjoy Quidditch World Cup, I must say that it falls short in some respects. As an EA sports game, I was expecting you would have a bit more control over changing dynamics in the game. There is no opportunity for substitutions, no injury, no changing the roster, no detailed player statistics, no variation of player performance. In short, this does not excel as a sports game.It does excel at capturing the feel of a frantic Quidditch match, for the most part. The game is divided in two parts. One takes part at Hogwarts, the other on the World Cup stage with different stadiums. I found the Hogwarts Quidditch Cup a bit too easy to win and unchallenging. There are also some training exercises you can go through, as taught by the roster of whichever team you choose: Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin. One note to fans of the book: Despite this coming out after Order of Phoenix (which introduced a lot of new Quidditch players like Zacharias Smith), none of these new players are available. My best guess is that the rosters are those at the time of Prisoner of Azkhaban. Especially given the presence of a certain, achem, extinct character. I enjoyed finding the designers' takes on the largely unexplored Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff team rosters.The Quidditch World Cup kicks things up a notch. The stadiums are absolutely fabulous and culturally spot-on. There is the stately Versailles-esque French stadium, the Outbackish Australian grounds, the mosaic-roofed Moorish Spanish stadium, and other similar treats. I feel the designers did an awesome job capturing the feel of the competitor countries with the stadiums and the team costumes. I was a bit disappointed at the limit of countries available: USA, Japan, England, Spain, France, Bulgaria, Australia, Germany and the Nordic Team. I'm thinking they could have included more countries, and at least a token team from South America and Africa. And no Ireland (the most significant national team from the books)! Also a pity is the tournament format of the World Cup. It is a rather exhausting 18 game round robin. We know from the books that, at least at the later stages, a knockout draw takes effect.I have not exhausted the game yet, but I've found a few pleasant treats so far after my first World Cup win. Overall, a pleasant game, but I feel the limited number of teams and the exhausting tournament format really hold the game back.Since I am a big HP fan, I must say I'm glad I own it.
I bought all four games and while I'm not a big gamer I do enjoy it. However, any one have any tips for the flying??? I could do everything else fine except the freaking flying?! I was stuck on the quidditch match for months because I just could not do it. I finally get past it only to get stuck at getting the key! Can any 8-yr-old help me out?!
I really enjoyed HP Chamber of Secrets on the PS2. Since then, I've tried all of the other games (except perhaps DH) and hated them. Gameplay and design were completely different. This one is in same style as CoS. Pieces of it are identical actually (some of the tasks from noteboard are same so you already know where things are). If you prefer the early HP games to the later, it's a good one. Bit expensive as it is apparently hard-to-find, but worth it to me.
I am a big fan of just about everything Harry Potter, the books, the movies, everything! But the Harry Potter games that have been released have been very much middle of the road in graphics, sound, and gameplay. But now, EA is remaking Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for the PS2, X-Box, and Gamecube. After its dispointing run on the PC and Playstation, this new Harry Potter game looks promising with good graphics, good sound, and good gameplay. Potter fans, let's hope that it is a great game!
Although this game might not be for everyone, if you enjoy Harry Potter movies, there is a good chance that you'll like the games as well. The Sorcerer's Stone game objective follows the story but has a few twists along the way. Mainly I would describe the game as a "puzzle" solving game that is not so hard that a player looses interest and doesn't finish. Harry's main mission is to earn spells by passing a challenge assigned by his teachers.  Besides earning spells, there are side tasks like collecting wizard cards, finding bernie botts every flavor beans, and earning house points. The game does load for every scene which can get annoying and the grafics aren't as great as most games released today, but the game is fun for those who like less violence in their game play.
I thought this game was very well made. It appears it was made after the Chamber of Secrets. The game layout and style of play were exactly the same. The storyline follows the first book very well with some added adventures.
I Loved this game overall, it was incredibly fun and challenging at the right parts. Although the game does have its drawbacks, for one there were ALOT of bugs and glitches and things in the game. I had to restart the game a couple different times because harry got stuck and wouldn't move or he got stuck in a cutscene or something. I was also a little concerned because this game, in my opinion atleast, was made for a younger audience and i just found it to be a little difficult at some parts. for instance the venomous tentaculas took me FOREVER to beat. Overall though i was extremely happy with this game, it was incredibly addictive and while it was extremely frustrating at parts, it kept me coming back for more every time.
This is a great game on its own.  It is not as good as Chamber of Secrets, but COS orginally came out for PS2, Xbox, and Gamecube.  This one was orginaly made for PS1(!!!!), PC and Gameboy Color.  This game was made for last generation systems!  Compared to COS, the graphics are bad, the camera angles are impossible, and the genral layout of the game is confusing and difficult.  But if you keep that in mind and don't compare it to COS, it is a great game.  It's challenging, creative, and fun.YOu have to do some of the spell challenges multiple times to get all the shields, something I really enjoyed.  It is also much easier to find all the wizard cards.  This game is awesome, if you can put all your preconvictions from COS out of your mind and look at it on its own.
This was a good purchase.  The game was in good shape and it was mailed within a few days.
the only problem i had was the ending. it was sooo annoying!!! in the end i just didnt finish it.nd i think there was one minor glitch.good packagin and fast delivery though. highly recomendd seller
This game is so cool!Grafics: 1/10Sound: 2/10 (only 'cause Ron sounds like a 3 year old)Music: 8.9/10 (stops in the middle of songs, every once in a while)Excitement Level: 9/10 (Harry is slow, especially on a broomstick)Chance of player getting a heart attack: 37.24578911324/100Gameplay: 9/10(hard at times)
It's a pretty fun game and you can see how they built the future games off of it and improved it.
This game is just awsome! The magic is great and the environments is just like the game. It has great handling and the button controlling is out of this world fab. I reccomend this game for Wicca game lovers.
This game is sooooooooooooooo awsome! This game turns Harry's world colerfull and exciting. So many different challenges it will keep you buisy for a very long time. This game is perfect for any Harry Potter fan out there. If you are a fan put it in your collection. Most of the words are the same from the book and the movie in almost the same places too. This is a must have game!
I've played plenty of video games over the last decade and if you asked me to give you an honest appraisal of Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone compared to other current Gamecube games, the game probably wouldn't rank that high. But... you're talking to a hardcore Harry Potter fan who read each book at least three times and viewed each movie just as often. In other words, you're talking to a Potter fanatic so it's difficult to give an honest opinion of this game. Truthfully, it's probably an average title with gameplay similar to an easier Tomb Raider, only Hogwarts castle replaces Lara Croft's latest ancient ruin. In the Sorcerer's Stone, you control Harry Potter as he explores Hogwarts in a linear story that allows him to meet all his professors, train in all popular spells from the books and movies, practice plenty of broomstick acrobatics and quidditch heroics, and still follow the course of the original story. It sounds like some of the actors in the movies voice their video game characters, but not many, and all famous Potter characters look like their movie versions although the game does draw a little bit of story and scenery from the books as the movie probably didn't provide enough content. Popular movie franchises such as Star Wars and Star Trek have seen plenty of poor gaming spin-offs so I'm sure Harry Potter will see it's fair share of subpar games. Hopefully, one day we'll get a super Harry Potter game, but this will have to do for all Potter fans until the next book or movie.
Alot of my friends were reading this back when I was in high school and I had brought most of the series back then but never touched them. Now with the movie coming out I decided to finally start reading them and was glad I did.It was a simple read and wenr a long really fast. I really liked rose and thought she was very funny and portrayed a 16 year old girl pretty accurately. Her bond with Lissa was also well done and the revelations and twists in this story were done pretty well. Dimitri and christian were also very likeable and ill admit sexy. All in all a good series and I am currently reading book 2
This game is pretty fun. It's kinda difficult in places so I wouldn't buy it for a young kid.
I am a big Potterphile, so I really liked this game.  I have it in the PC version, which is mediocre.  It's way better, way different in the Gamecube version, as are all the HP games until you get to Order of the Phoenix.  At that point, there's no difference in the various platforms.  I think that most games based on movies are not that great, because they are limited by being tied to the source material so no HP game can compare to the best of video games.  Nonetheless, it's fun.  Any HP fan would enjoy this, although there are some parts that get too hard for very young ones, since certain scenes require a great deal of fast dexterity.  That's always a concern when using a controller.
I liked this game better than Chamber of Secrets, which, by the way, was made before Sorcerer's Stone. They seem like they're very similar at first glance, but once you actually sit down and play them, you'll notice big differences.In the beginning of Chamber of Secrets, you feel a little lost. But in the beginning of this game, you are introduced to Harry, know who he is, know what is in store for him, and what have you. The game has better lighting effects than Chamber of Secrets, which was very dark. There are new spells to learn and cast. When you went outside the castle in Chamber of Secrets, you could only explore certain areas unless you were on the broomstick, but in this game, you can walk around pretty much the whole Hogwarts campus.However, this game still lacks certain qualities that made the book and movie a success. The game doesn't seem as magical as it was meant to be. Harry's and Ron's voices still sound like girls. The Spell Challenges are a little frustrating. And the ending scene felt a little incomplete.Overall, I am very pleased with this game. This game was better than Chamber of Secrets, but I still think that they could do better than this.
I absolutely love this game, not only on a Harry Potter fan basis, but even on it's own merits it's a really good game. The graphics are about the same as "Chamber of Secrets" but that's excusable considering they were okay in the Chamber of secrets. The only negative thing to say about it is that some of the faces look a little bit weird in certain lightings. However, that being said, the lighting can be visually appealing at times especially outside in the grounds. If you look at Hogwarts the castle can look really cool sometimes especially at night.There was a very weird level where you had to meet Malfoy for a wizard's duel then he drops you in a hole that lands you in the forbidden corridor. In order to unlock the door you have to take a secret passage into the library to learn the alohamora spell then take the passage again and unlock the door...why don't you just avoid Snape by going from the Library to the grand staircase? At least the logic behind the rest of the game makes sense.Other than that one level with the stupid logic the entire game was cleverly set up and it's very fun to revisit the classes to get a better grade and as always flying around Hogwarts grounds is extremely fun the only complaint about it that I have is "Why didn't Harry get his broom sooner?"The best parts of this game are definately in the exploration. It's really cool roaming around Hogwarts castle's various floors and secret passageways. It's also very entertaining fighting some challenging enemies such as the Venomous tentacula, the Troll, and of course Lord Voldemort. If you want a game with stunning visuals, challenging opponents, fun exploration, and an interesting story, (which should be about...all of you) then this is definately the game for you.
I used to play this when I was younger, and it's just fun to do it all over again. If you're a Harry Potter fan, I would recommend getting it. They do try to switch up the story line a bit from the movie, but only a little. However being the fact that it is an older game, you may encounter some ridiculous glitches that can be kind of funny :P
I have played  all of the other Harry Potter games and this one is the best! You can play as Ron, Harry, and Hermione, and  there are more spells. Also all the creatures in the game are in the Harry Potter books.  The graphics are really good. But it is the shortest game and it took me six hours to beat. You cannot play all the mini games unless you have a Gameboy Advance and a link cable. But still it is  worth buying.
Harry Potter Prisoner of Azkaban is a great game. As a teenager, even I loved playing the game even if I did finish it rather quickly (a week.) Still, it had great puzzles, fun collecting cards and beans, and had lots of new features like switching between characters and flying on Buckbeak, Hagrid's hippogriff. I'd definitely recommend this game even if you didn't read the books. It sticks to the movie plot for the most part and features tons of challenges and secrets. The only reason I gave it a 4 was due to some small difficulties with controls. The characters walks really slowly which can get annoying after a while since walking around the castle takes a while for those a bit impatient like me. It's also a little hard to get characters to jump across ledges which can be a bit annoying, but overall the game's positives far outweigh its tiny downfalls. I highly recommend it.
This game is awsome! I only got it 3 days ago and I really like it. The Best Part is that you can fly Buckbeak. The spells they use in the game are great,but the only problem is that you cant play quidich like in the other 2 games.My advise to you is BUY THIS GAME!!!
Being a huge Harry Potter fan, of course I was going to buy this game, for myself and my son. But I have to say, I was slightly disappointed in the whole set up. The graphis are wonderful! Being able to change characters is very neat. But the game was to short. I was expecting more of a challenge. The first game, Sorcers Stone, was more indepth than this one. And it lasted a little longer. It is worth buying, but don't expect a whole lot. But then again, the movie based on the 3rd book wasn't that great either.
this is the best gam ever! I love it is an esy game to beat but it is still graet the one thing I dont like about it is you cant play quidich but you can just buy quidich world cup.
I'd say that this is the best out of the Harry Potter games. It has good spellcasting (pretty much), and for most of the game you can decide wether to be Harry, Ron, or Hermione - I'm usually Hermione, she has the coolest spells. I only got stuck a couple times. It's easy but challening, but also not challenging enough to where you'll be throwing the controller. In what Harry and his friends are doing it doesn't follow anyhting, but in storyline it follows both the book and the movie. But that doesn't annoy  me, because it's like it's own story and it's fun.Graphics: 9/10Sound/Music: 8/10Gameplay: 7 or 8/10Fun: 9/10Length 5/10. It need to be LONGER!!!!!Replay value 7/10Overall, buy this game if you like HP or just a fun game. Or rent it, it's so short - probably five to seven hours long.
With terrific graphics and wonderful voice acting one can see the polish immediately when playing Harry Potter:POA for the first time.  Hogwart's looks incredible and the controls are smooth and intuitive for the most part with the camera getting a little wonky on occasion.  My son and I play this together he likes it when we play as Ron since he can find all the hidden goodies.  The ability to switch between the main characters of Harry, Ron, Hermione is fun and adds a new dimension as you need to use each of them to solve the puzzles.  The lack of a Quidditch match is disconcerting but is made up for by the HIPPOGRIFF and OWL flight challenges.  Add a save anywhere system and some downloadable GBA mini-games you have a worthy addition to the Harry Potter game library.
This is not as good as chamber but better than sorcerers the graphics are very..... bad.And ya I hate fighting things in this its just like Game Boy Color Pokemon thing.
I really liked this game.The graphics are really good for gameboy. The actual adventure is also very fun.There were only two things i didnt like about it.one,it follows the story line a little bit but, not a lot.(I recommend you watch the movie or read the book)and two,you have to be angled just right to move things.but besides that the game is very fun.I like how you can be ron ,harry, and hermione. The battles are nice when you have to do them or want to do them for expereiance points, but if you dont need experiance points,then just flee if you can.The mini games are also very fun!
if it is a game that you are saving up your $ for:... don't get this... cause im like now to have my GBAsp and i finnished it in  seven hours and secsounds so if you are looking for that i would give it two stars...if you have a lot of$ and are jus looking for fun...:this is THE game for you! this game is fun and i could not stop playing it! i was like constantly on it! in my bed, while watching tv, secretly playing it in my classroom!if that is what you want the it would be five stars!if you are looking for quality....:this is an OK game.... good music...but really bad graphics!!(...)!like this is a disgrace to the GBA title! so for that i would givethree stars!i give this game four stars cause i don't like the graphics but other than that it's all good!
This GBA game is a very well done RPG rendering of the omonimous Harry Potter book.You control the wizardly trio (Harry, Ron, Hermione) in the quest to unveil and defeat the traitor that caused the death of Harry's parents.The story starts out with a well done and useful tutorial: while on the Hogwarts Express you have to try to capture Ron's pet rat (or whatever kind of rodent it actually is).The story then unveils in Hogwarts. You can explore with your party the various chambers of the academ, visit locations you are familiar with either from the movie or the book, and make many pleasent encounters with notorious Hogwarts characters.Combat is turn based and all members of the party have their own special powers. Furthermore, you get 17 spells you can learn and find in the game that will enhance your party's power and there are a lot of in game items with which you can buff up your characters' defenses and main game characteristics.Overall the game is a very nice RPG, very simple and charming. Graphics is ok, as the overall quality of the game. Expect to play for no more than 20 hours though. Replay value is not that high, as you will be able to retain all the levels you accumulated in the first game (monsters instead don't improve at all).Bottom line:This is a very nice Harry Potter game. I love how EA transformed it in a complete and simple RPG. I strongly suggest any Harry Potter fan to buy this.
Harry Potter is for kids who have no friends and spend there life pretending to be stupid wizards at some stupid school for maniacs! if you want fun get lord of the rings, now theres something thats SWEEET, the  movie was possibly the best movie in the history of cinima, and the games are wicked awsome!
Best graphics and let's you play as Hermione and Ron and Hermione has the best spells and Ron is the best passage finder. You can take control of hedwig when you have to help Harry.And when you Vs those dementors they will run away like fraidy cats. GO OUT THERE AND GET IT!!!!!!
I am a HP freak.  Yes, forget individuality; I am one of the crowd.  My boyfriend bought me this for our anniversary, because I'd been looking forward to it's realease since March.  I as an adilt, enjoyed the game.  Yes, the overall game is a little short, the plot is all messed up, and (again, as an adult) pretty easiy.  But the graphics are great, the spell challenges are longer and harder, there's more area to explore, and the music is better.  Now one of the best things abot COS for me was I coud let me four-year-old nephew play, and I didn't have to help him that much.  Not true with this one.  Between switching characters, dementors (which even creeped me out some of the game), and more difficult challenges, my poor nephew was very mixed up and confused.  I can't say much for the Eye Toy games, because we don't have one.  I guess I'm the only person, but I hated playing Quidditch, so I don't mind that it's gone.  I prefer flying Buckbeak.  The cards and everything are alot easier to find.  I like finding all the potion ingredients.  It's like hey took the best things from the SS and COS games and combined them.  The only thing I don't like is that the cards are so easy to find.  In Cos it was really a challenge.  But it was still very cool.  This is a great game, but I wouldn't reccomend it for children who are easily scared or can't yet read, because if you can't read the hints at the bottom of the screen, you won't get far.
Harry Potter chain of games on the PS2 hasn't been great so far these last three years. Harry Potter and the Philosiphers stone on the PS2 wasn't a great debut, the second one sounded good but didn't have much great gameplay, the lastest installment, the Quiditch Cup, which wasn't an official title name, was ok, but wasn't based on the movie, making it less interesting.And now the 4th Harry Potter video game based on the third movie remains to be the same and no interesting materials have been made, and graphics are clean as usual but gameplay is very slow, complicated and unlike the others seems to be cheesy. EA didn't do well for the Harry Potter series like they did for the gigantic Lord of the Rings series which improved over the last 3 years based on graphics, real life scores from the movie, same interesting story mode and voices from the cast of the award winning movie.All in all, this video game remains to be the same old same old, boring and not satisfying, don't be fooled by the great title, or the great front cover, if you go through all Harry Potter games released for the PS2, you'll see that this game has no new features.
IntroductionThis was a pretty good game.  Easy, but fun all the same.  I actually like this better than the other 2.  I think it's more fun to play.Gameplay 9/10The way you move, cast spells, and just play in general is so much smoother than the other games.  I like the fact that you can switch through people.  I think the gameplay was awesome.  It takes a long time to load though.  It even takes time to load when you pause (not long but still).Storyline 4/10Whoa.  What ever happened to Harry's Firebolt?  No quidditch?  WHAT IS THIS?  It's leaving out major events and adding complete bullsh**.  I mean some of this stuff- Neville in Muggle Studies- go save him!  I don't remember that in the book OR movie.  The only reason this isn't a zero is because it had the main events in it.Graphics 9/10Wow.  Compared to the other two, once again this section is much better.  The facers are way better.  The castle is better.  Generally everything is smoother and just much better.  The beginning graphics were awesome too.Sound 6/10I think the music is cool when it's on and Ron and Harry and Hermione sound older.  I like all of the sound effects.  Better all around, once again, compared to the other two games.  but... it does lack in music and some parts are cheesy.Play Time 3/10Look, I suck at video games and I beat this in like 3 days.  So, you can probably figure out that this is a quick one.Replayability 5/10I might play it again, but I don't know.  I'll be waiting, though, when the 4th game comes out.  You can also play mini games and use the eye toy, which are cool things to do.  It keeps you involved with Harry Potter, but you don't have to play the game.Overall 8/10I feel that this game is the best Harry Potter game so far.  It has the mini games and stuff.  The game was good.Final RecommendationAhhh... well.  I think the game is definitely worth renting and if you really love Harry Potter... buy it.  I added it to my collection of Harry Potter stuff.  I'm an HP nerd.  Anyways, I hope you enjoy the game.  Alright.
I rented this thinking that i could save it on my memory card till i could play it again when i bought it.  I passed it in a day and a half mind you that was a total of 4 or 5 hours. It is the easiest potter game of the 3 and i was kinda dissapointed. Though it was fun to play and had things to find like in the 2nd potter game it just was not as fun as the 2nd. I will probably get it eventually when i have forgotten about what i thought about it in the first place but i say rent first unless you get a good deal on the price.
I own all 3 of the Harry Potter games for Playstation 2.This game has better graphics than its other 2 predacessors,but the story is lacking.There are a few things about this game that can be annoying.First No matter which character you are using the other two will be in your way,Every few seconds they are telling you that you need to go somewhere or do something.Reminding is one thing but this is very annoying,even to the point that sometimes I had to turn the volume down just to search around.In my opinion this game is a lot easier than the other 2 because when you need to collect ingredients there is a beam of light shining from wherever it is.Collecting beans is not as big a deal as it was in the other 2 because Fred and Georges shop only has a few items(a card,dungbombs,healing potion and that's about it!maybe they should just close down.)Finding lost items from the notice board is also way easier.Wherever it says it was last seen that is where it will be(instead of getting wizard cards for returning these you now get house points)and collecting cards increases indurance.This game seems to revolve more around problem solving than fighting enemies.So you will have to move blocks in a certain way to open doors or whatever.It only took me about 8 hours total to complete this game so you may want to rent this first.
I recently played through the PS2 version of "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" for PS2. I very much enjoyed playing through the game's various challenges, but because so much of the actual story is edited out of the game (usually only shown in short animations), the game goes far more quickly than its predecessor, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".  The best aspect of the game (which was not part of either of its predecessors) is that you play all three of the primary characters: Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.  Each character starts the game with the same two spells (Flipendo and Expelliarmus, which were part of the previous game), but as the game progresses, each character obtains his/her own unique spells/abilities that in previous games only Harry had:Ron's Unique Spells/Abilities:1. Lumos Duo Spell (light producing spell)2. Finds hidden passages3. Can search bookcases for Jellybeans, dung bombs & potionsHermione's Unique Spells/Abilities:1. Glacius Spell (freezes water, extinguishes fires)2. Reparo Spell (repairs broken objects)3. Draconifors Spell (causes dragon statues to come to life, usually spitting fire)4. Snuffifors Spell (turns books into mice)5. Can crawl through tight spacesHarry's Unique Spells/Abilities:1. Carpe Retractum Spell (pulls objects or can pull Harry himself towards something)2. Expecto Patronum Spell (wards off dementors)3. Has the Marauder's MapAll but one of the spells are obtained through unusual challenges.  One spell is obtained by purchasing it from Fred and George's joke shop for a certain number of jellybeans.  Like the previous game, trunks with various items are hidden throughout Hogwarts that contain either spell book pages, collector wizard & witches cards or chocolate frogs.  In the previous "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" game, obtaining collector cards was just for fun and had no real impact on the game's outcome. However, in this game, the collector's cards do impact the game; so collecting them is a very good idea as you will see.  A variety of sometimes-menacing creatures wander through Hogwarts and its grounds.  Some of these creatures are very important for obtaining potion class ingredients (another better-integrated aspect of the game).  One creature in particular will be used quite often: Buckbeak the hippogryph.  Any character can fly on Buckbeak and using him is sometimes mandatory for obtaining much-needed things.  One important thing to remember is that since you are required to play all three characters, they must occasionally work together to overcome particular challenges.One thing that will surely be missed by many players familiar with the previous games is that in the "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" game, you never get to play quidditch.  This I found to be rather surprising, but it is possible that there simply was not enough room on the disk to support playing it with everything else that the game offers.  Similarly, several scenes that could have been played are instead reduced to animations making the game far more edited than its predecessor.  There are, however, several encounters with Drako and his minions, Crab and Doyle, that are entertaining, as well as side-challenges that can be fun.  For me, Hermione was the interesting character since she obtains the most abilities throughout the game, but it's up to Harry and his Expecto Patronus spell to save the day.Overall, I rate the PS2 version of "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" with 4 out of 5 stars.  Certainly the game could have been better.  In some aspects, it is more challenging than its predecessor; but in other aspects, its predecessor was more challenging.  Still, it is very entertaining and fun to play.  I look forward to the game version of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", to which, the ghost of Peeves warns that he will be a menace.
This Harry Potter game is the best of all. The other two were ok, but this one is the coolest one of all. There are alot of good things in this game, like flying Buckbeak around the school, exploring more of Hogwarts with the Marauder's Map, using the Folio Bruti (like in the Sorcerer's Stone), exploring Hogwarts in winter, and their graphics. I think the graphics are better because they are brighter and more highly detailed than the other two. I would give it a 10 out of 10! This game didn't let you do some things like the other two games, like playing Quidditch, riding the Firebolt, and exploring the Library. I also like this game because you can explore the grounds in the winter time now. They could have made the game longer because it was a little too short. But they really took time with their graphics (like in the Chamber of Secrets). The spell challenges in this game are pretty good because you find a spellbook somewhere inside and then you use a spell (like Lumos Duo), to beat off Hinkypunks, which are like the Gytrash from the last two games, only they hop on one leg and have a lantern that they use to lure travelers into bogs. Another spell (like Reparo) is cool because you can fix things, like wooden bridges, to continue exploring. Another spell (like Carpe Retractum) is very helpful because you can pull objects towards Harry, or make Harry pull himself to an object (like in the Expecto Patronum spell challenge when you use it, a Dementor comes from the door you entered). I like some of the new Folio Bruti creatures in this game too. Another thing why this game interests me is you get to play as all 3 characters. Each one has a special move. Harry can jump gaps and climb ropes, Ron can search through bookcases, throw Dungbombs, throw Stink Pellets, and push walls to reveal secret areas, and Hermione can go through crawlspaces. Another thing why I like this game is because of the Prefects. The Prefects around Hogwarts are very easy to get around. They don't take House Points away when you get caught and there is not as many Prefects as their used to be. This game is the best of all and I think everybody should get this game because they will be impressed with how much better this game is compared to the other two. Hope you all will enjoy this game! Have fun!
i just bought the game today.the graphics are so incredible.i suggest that you buy it,you wont regret it.
As one reviewer mentioned already mentioned, EA's Harry Potter series certainly is not up to par with their LOTR series.  Still, if you are a Harry Potter fan, it's a fun game.  Here is a list of pros and cons that I have found while play Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.Pros:- The characters' graphics have been redefined so that they look more mature.- New scenes are added to reflect those in the movie: the clock, the bridge, the courtyard, the hospital wing, outstide the shrieking shack.  The Griffindor common room even includes the girls' dormitory where you can go with Hermione.- Panorama changes from night, day, summer, winter...- Harry, Ron, and Hermione are always together, which gives a sense that you are not alone.- You can switch between playing Ron, Hermione, and Harry.  The switching mechanism is very well thought out and simple.- The addition of Buckweat, the hyppogrif, and being able to fly him anytime.- You can fly Hegwid a little bit during the adventure.- EA removed the prefects that roam around at night.  I found them annoying.- Followed the story pretty well.- New spells.- The dueling hall.- Fighting the dementors is very well thought out.Cons:- No broom flying.- No quidditch.- Way too much loading time between scenes.- A bit short.  Some people claim to finish the game in 3 hours.  I found that it took me about 10 hours playing time.- Puzzles a bit too easy.  The second game was right on cue.  The exception is the last fight with the dementors.- One scene, in the toy room, seemed way out of place.Overall, the game has a very fresh feeling to it.  The core of the game is a bit easy and short, but a lot of fun.  Enjoy it!
The costume is exactly what my son wanted.  The accessories are good, but the clasp is hard to operate without breaking it.  Overall, I am happy with the price and quality of the costume.
This costume kit was a great deal for the price.  My son loves it.
It was a big hit for Halloween. Just wish it would have come with the tie. I had to buy it separately.
It was great for what we need. It's not the highest quality material for the robe but it looks great and my 8yr old son was thrilled. The wand and glasses are cheap plastic, but again, do the job. The glasses did come with a big scratch on one lens but it didn't bother my son, so I didn't bother trying to replace them. If you're looking for a warm, thick, high quality robe, this isn't it. If you just need the look of Harry Potter for one Halloween night, this is for you.
My son wears a 5/6 in clothing and this fit him just a little big.  It was a bit thinner than I thought fabric wise, but it looked good and we got lots of compliments.
My 6 year old loved this costume.  She is short, so the robe came down to her feet.  It's very light weight, nylon or something similar, with the house badge printed on.  The glasses look perfect on her.  The wand was fun to wave around, but also the first thing she misplaced.  A wand pocket would have been nice, or at least a wristband.
It's a really good set for the 23 dollars I've paid it for. It just lost one star because the kit came opened, and one of the glasses lens was missing. Thankfully they sent me new glasses two days later, so that's why I'm keeping the good review.
I bought this Harry Potter costume for my son for Halloween this year and got a great deal on it. If I bought the same items at our neighborhood Halloween Store it would have cost me close to $50. He wears it all the time and is looking forward to Halloween!! Great Deal!!
I bought this because it was on sale, making it cheaper than making the robe from scratch at home. Plus, it came with glasses and a wand. Now, my kids already have real wooden wands we crafted out of plum wood, and they use those the most, so I wasn't too concerned when the wands in this pack seemed a little sub-par. The glasses are good. The robe is a very cheap material, but that's fine. If the material was a little better, the wand a little more realistic, then this would be a 5-star product. As it stands, it's a 3-star product. I gave it 4-stars because of the value. I got a great deal, right here on Amazon.
was hoping the wand would have been better, it was just hollow cheap plastic but it worked, and he loved the glasses and got countless compliments on it!
I ordered this costume for Halloween this year for my obsessed four year old. Like in the other reviews, the wand is great since it's large and not flimsy.  I would like it to have a pocket for the wand inside the robe, and it would have looked a little nicer to have the maroon fabric sewn to the robe on the inside.  The glasses are really cute, but I'm worried they won't make it til Halloween, we'll have to have Hermoine fix them for us...As far as what size this "one size fits all" costume is, it's about 36&1/2 inches long from the top of the shoulder to the bottom of the robe.  The sleeves are 19 inches long from the shoulder seam to finger tip.  And the shoulder width is 14 inches wide.  I hope this helps!
The specs say this product is for sizes 8-10 and says it's good for kids up to 12 years of age. My daughter is 8 and it only comes down to her knees. I'd say it's more for sizes 4-6. However, since it is a robe it's not that big a deal. The robe is a lightweight material - good if it's warm where you are on Halloween. The wands seems to be pretty durable as well as the clasp.  It's probably a better deal to the get this whole set for $30 than buy each thing individually.
Specific items as promised on site however are NOT able to specify size as indicated.  My son loves it although the robe and glasses are huge for him.  Would recommend for Harry potter fans.
My son chose this costume for Halloween this year, and he was very happy with the kit. The cape is good quality - I just wish it had some kind of closure (we pinned it with a safety pin). The wand is plastic, but sturdy. The glasses are very cute, and stayed well on his big 7-year-old head.
My 6 year old recieved the costume for his birthday.  He LOVED it.  I think roab would fit 6-8 year old easily.  Glasses were nice but wand came in cracked.  For the price it was a great deal.  No tie.
I always wanted some HP merchandise and was surprised to find this for that less. When I bought it it had good quality and was worth the money I put into it.
Very soft and comfortable to wear. totally completed my hogwarts costume! everyone at work loved the griffyndor scarf and hat with my robe!
well made and adorable.  the scarf could be a little longer, but I bought it for my 9 year old, not for me... so no worries really.
I purchased this hat and scarf set for my 8 yr old son, whom absolutely loves it.  I was a bit worried by some of the reviews saying that it was very scratchy but decided to give it a try anyway.  He wore it the whole evening he received it and didn't once complain that it was itchy. It seems to be made well but I guess only time will tell on that.  It is made out of 100% acrylic yet the label says it must be dry cleaned which is the only real complain I have about it and is why it only rates 4 stars with me. Who wants to be paying a dry cleaning bill for a hat and scarf.
I thought that it was only a little itchy.  You can use it for a lot. It feels good most of the time.  It looks great.
My son didn't find them too itchy. They are definitely very attractive and cool.
My daughter loves wearing this...however after a while the hat gets itchy, but she is enjoying wearing it. Good quality too!
Product got to me quickly and has a very nice feel. The person I got it for felt like she was truly at hog warts
The hat fits nicely and they are both attractive. A nice non-itchy acrylic knit. I wish the scarf was longer. It is not as long as currently is fashionable. I can tie it once in front of my neck, but it doesn't wrap around twice and stay. Cute Hogwarts patch, not Griffindor.
My son got this set to aid him in his Halloween costume. He was thrilled by it and continues to wear the hat as a regular fall/winter hat. He has not complained that it is scratchy at all. It's obviously not hand-knitted angora wool or anything, but for the price the quality is fine and it looks just right.
My son loved it!  The package arrived on time.  One of the scarf tassles had to be sewn back on after a couple weeks of use, though.
My 7 year old son has worn this every day since Christmas. Overall its durable enough but some of the scarf tassels have come undone and fallen off.  The fit of the hat is good and big enough that if he wants to it'll fit for a few years.  And its soft enough for my slightly picky child.
My boys got the biggest charge out of dressing up in their Gryffindor scarves!  The fabric is a bit scratchy, which may be why the beanies weren't quite as popular as the scarves (and why I rated it four rather than five stars), but all in all the set was a tremendous hit.
The scarf and hat were of a very high-quality knit as well as a soft fabric. The Hogwarts emblem is clearly visible and well-attached, and the Gryffindor colors are bright. I recommend this product to anyone looking to show off their Gryffindor spirit!
My son loved these as they are actual clothing pieces he will wear. The only problem is that the scarf is a little short and made for a younger/smaller child (Unless your teen just ties it in the front somewhat like an ascot).
It was okay, i got this game for christmas after begging for it for like a month. then i got home (i was on vaction) and I started playing it right away. it was more advanced than the 2nd, and thats good, but I wasnt fond of the layout. Like you got there and there was the cup and you chose a challenge. I liked the 2nd because they didnt have this. In the second you wandered around hogwarts, did some cool challanges, class challenges, spell challenges, etc, and like once you were done you collected beans, fly, buy stuff, etc, and save the game whenever you feel like whereever. the 4th you cant save the game whenever and where ever, you cant just wonder around, you almost never go into hogwarts, you dont buy stuff, you collect beans to get cards in which help your stanima, etc. i mean the games fun, like the dragon rocks, but i like the 1st two better
I'm 14 years old, and a huge Harry Potter fan, and of course, I had to get this. I have read all the books, seen all the movies, and beaten all the video games (even this one). It could have been better, but I do wish they would go back to making these video games like the first and second ones, because you can roam around the school, earn House Points, and talk to friendly (and not so friendly)students around the school.Not trying to be Ms. Negativity, I'm going to start out with the negative things first.-No roaming around the schoolI was happy that the first three were like that, except in the third one you can't go certain places at certain times. But in the other one you pretty much and roam at free will-HardLooking for the TriWizard shields gets sooooo tiring. At one point, I spend half an hour trying to get to a shield, when I needed a spell that I didn't have to get it. I was so mad.-Cards are expensiveYou have to "purchase" cards that help you with stamina, magic points, and to give your self advantages with the beastly creatures. That's just wrong. Plus a perfectly good waste of jelly beans. ;)Good things+ You can play as any of the trioSince it's called "Harry Potter," I played as Harry+ It's fun to beat up those dogbogs, because it's just funny how they act. I mean, not that I like being mean to animals, it's just a video game+ You could actually participate in the TriWizard challenges, but you had to be Harry (duh).+ Fighting Voldemort. It's much easier than it was in the first one. You really don't even have to concentrate.+ Two-Player. I played with my brother and he had a blast. Of course, he lost all of his lives.+ Graphics. Way, way WAY better than the third one.I say, you should buy the game.Happy playings!!
Love the movie, love the book, love the game...it is really cool with the graphics and tasks, very challenging.  Just need the book to help me along!!
Harry Potter and the Goblet Of Fire game is very different from the ones in the past. But it's bigger, better, has eye catching spells, and more addicting then ever. The positives of this game is fairly good:-You can choose different characters you want to play (Ron, Harry, or Hermoine)-Spells are more powerful than everAs you can see, these are the only "good" things of this game that are different from the past Harry Potter games. Other Harry potter games. For example:Old games:Harry can explore areas.New game:Not in this gameOld games:More talking dialogueNew game:Less talking dialogueOld games:No unlocking levelsNew game:You have to unlock levelsAnd on the "new game" categories, those are the NEGATIVES.This game is also alot harder than the old games that I have played. The quests are also harder. The monsters and creatures are bigger, badder, and more annoying than ever. I suggest you have some patience with this game. You will have to take your time, and do it right to unlock levels.Overall, i do enjoy it, and it was a very good Christmas gift!-Melissa
Well, i rented this game a few days ago, to test it before buying it. This game WILL only last 3 days if you sit down and do it all in one sitting. But, for the people who just like to play here and there and have the smarts for this game, mostly strategy if i must say so. The only thing that i dont like about this game is 1: the camera angles are terrible 2: It doesnt follow the story line, Other than that i loved it. I just got past the prefects bath level. I would of liked more characters but, im fine with the way it works.
I own all the Harry Potter books and all the games so far. In all the games of harry potter so far you could explore the castle but in this one u cant. You just get put straight into 1 level. Also in the other harry potter games, while ur playin u can switch between harry ron and hermione but in this 1 wen u do a level just before it u hav 2 choose which 1 2 be and u cant change from then 4 the rest of the level. Also in this game u cant use spells wenever u want 2 like the previous games. U can only use spells wen it is needed and not wen u want 2. But still this game is really good and fun 2 play. U can do all 3 of the triwizard tasks and in the last level u can have the final showdown with Voldemort. I think EA should look back at this game and mend the problems wid it. Then hopefully the 5th harry potter game will be the best 1 ever!!!
This is the best harry potter game ever im soooo glad they eliminated the wandering around hogwarts because it was driving me mad!!!!the game is that you pick one of our three heroes and go throug a couple of levels collecting shields to go to the next level you will have to replay the same level a couple of times but its still fun you have one button that throws different jinxes at enemys depending on the circumstances and another that puts charms on objects and enemies.the only negative part of this game is that the a.i of the game is as dumb as a baby born,you have to wait alot of time so they can react.overall harry potter is a very fun game that makes you believe your in it!!!!!and dont think twice before buying it
evrything was awsome!!!!!!! only thing was i liked having classes :( nd they didnt have that many at all.very different than the other 3. seller highly reccomend though.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a decent video game, but it is a little more restricting in where your character can go compared to the previous Harry Potter game, Prisoner of Azkaban. Overall, though it is still a fun game to play if you are a Harry Potter fan.
I bought this game for my 14 year-old son, and he enjoys it immensely!!
Hi!!!Well.. the game is not bad, its just that it seems that Im playing The Lord of the Rigns, its the same leveling format.I liked The Prisioner of Askaban better cause it gave me more freedom, it was almost like playing "The Leyend of Zelda" in Nintendo Console...Thants my opinion.
With stunning graphics and creative challenges and environments, Goblet of Fire captures attention right from the start.  Taking advantage of the multiplayer format, you can play with up to two of your friends. So much more than  experiencing the excitement of the game together, EA has made a truly cooperative experience, with the ability to combine your magics for new and more interesting effects!  Some excellent AI keeps a single-player from losing the rest of the trio, without having to mind them at every turn (though they do the occasional annoying or harmful thing).A change in format from the previous games, almost all "levels" (such as Hogwart's grounds, or one of the Triwizard tasks) are accessable from the main screen (a Pensive), to which you return after every sucessful venture.  While, in my opinion, this takes away from the Role-Playing aspect of the game, it enhances gameplay in other ways.  One can, just as easily, play through the game quickly as spend hours upon hours discovering every little nuance.  In this, as in many other similar things, EA did an excellent job of recognizing their teen and young adult (and not-so-young adult) audience, and trying to balance that with the expectation that Harry Potter is for children.That said, however, there are a few things I dislike about the game.  The "camera angle" in many parts of the game is annoying, if not downright frustrating.  As I mentioned previously, the "feel" of the game is a lot farther from Role-Playing that what I've come to expect from the Harry Potter series (you can't endlessly play in Hogwart's castle, as you could before).  While involving less fuss than before, I disliked the "intuitive" spell-casting (the spell used is determined by what you're casting at), and the less-clearly defined meaning of how to cast a spell "perfectly" (which gains the player rewards).  I'd also like to register my complaint that none of our young wizards-and-witches-in-training wore robes; where's the fun in that?In all honesty, I think it's about time that someone got around to making a Harry Potter Online Role-Playing Game.  There are hundreds (if not thousands) of text-only Harry Potter RPG's out there, and an enormous fan-base that would play such a game, a high percentage of which are an untapped market in the world of MMORPG's.  And there are so very many neat ways it could be done...
I was a bit disappointed, it was like the last game I played only a few more things added to it....but I am a true fan and played it anyway...go harry.
Great game, not easy to win, which is appealing  too all of us that has played the game.we will be sharing the game amongst our friends & family..
I too have played all the GBA Harry potter games as well as all the PC versions. I think that everyones being much to hard on it. Each GBA Harry Potter Game is different and this one is no exception. Yes you have sperate levels to beat but I actually liked this because if you missed a shield or a unlock for a card you could go back and find it. I loved the DDR Yule Ball, it was so much fun! Also there are all sorts of secrets you need to unlock in the game that are from the movie! Very cool. Yes I found  a glitch or two also, but consider where gaming has come from. Do you remember how many glitches were in the first two PC Harry Potter games? There were a ton. Its not the best game I've ever played certainly but it is still enjoyable and good for fans of the fanchise. Its actually a good game, don't let the other reviews scare you off!
This game has the best grafics out of all of the Harry Potter Games, and well all the games I've come across of. It's similar to the computer game and very hard (I'm 16 and bad at video games). Very fun! I hope they make a GBA game for Deathly Hollows.Twilight Sucks.Good Luck finding all of the sheilds!
After I ordered this, I had really low expectations based on other reviews. I was pleasantly surprised when I started playing. I do wish that there was more of an opportunity to explore instead of just jumping from task to task, but the game works well.
Out of all the Harry Potter games I've played (Game Boy Advance and DS games),  this one is hands down my favorite.  You have to go through the levels, completing different tasks,  learning spells as you go and looking for treasure chests that contain collector cards.  If you collect all the cards in a certain section,  your power is increased.  The objective in the game is to collect all the cards before your final showdown in the graveyard with Lord Voldemort.  I like that you have to play some levels multiple times after you have unlocked certain spells......so you can unlock doors or unblock sections that were previously unavailable to you at your (then) skill level.  My only complaint is that you have to complete the WHOLE level to be able to save your progress......there is no saving and returning midway thru a level.....so it can be time consuming.  Overall....love the game!!
I bought this for my girl, she liked but not as much as other games of the same type.
The game isn't that great but a must for true harry potter fans.  If you love HP you will love this game
When i first started to play this game, it was quite hard. I just couldn't figure it out - The spells, monsters, characters, - and basicly how it worked. But after three days of playing this game, i have become a Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (DS game) pro. After you finish your first adventure and go onto your second, this game gets very fun, and easier as well. There are spells at the beggining they will show you how to do - That you have to remember for other parts of the game - There are also some fun mini games to unlock that you can get extra points/shields in.You can choose to be either Ron, Hermiomie, or Harry.There is a small booklet of instructions that come with this game, if you want to find out more about it. I recomend it.
I'm a 38-year-old housewife and mother of three who is a HUGE Harry Potter fan.  Goblet of Fire was fun, but I was disappointed I didn't have to rely more on my extensive knowledge of all things Harry Potter. I was hoping my wizarding skills would be challenged more. I didn't have to guess what spell was appropriate for each task - they tell you.  What's worse, there aren't many spells to choose from and the same two buttons are used for all the spells, even though there are six buttons available on the system. I was hoping for more mystery and strategy, but it's more scavenger hunting and dueling various creatures.One of the goals is to collect all the tri-wizard shields.  Once you have them all, you'll unlock a bonus.  I was hoping the bonus would be some powerful spell to defeat Voldermort  but it was only a collection of cut-scenes, all but one of which I had already seen because they play at the beginning of each level and I'd so bored of them already I would skip them and go straight play.  Why would the bonus be something they've already shown us?!?!Another goal is to collect enough Bertie Botts beans to purchase all the cards from the Weasley Twins, each card has some value - it will unlock another spell or make it easier to defeat a particular creature.  I earned enough beans for all them a long time ago and I wish there were more things available to purchase from them because I still have some 4,000 beans left over and continue to earn them.  I'd love to purchase an Invisibility Cloak or some Felix Felicis potion.The final tri-wizard task, the maze, was a huge dissappointment.  I came to the conclusion that the programmers were on a deadline and were running out of time when they came to this level.  They could have made it so much more interesting and challenging.  There isn't even an opportunity to find more shields or beans.  It was incredibly easy and boring.All said, though, I still had fun with it.
This is a fun game, but was hard to figure out in the beginning.  It's very realistic to actual movie.  My 10 year old daughter owns it and this is her review.
As a devoted Harry Potter fan, I chose this game as my first for the PSP.  First, let me say that the graphics are awesome.  You can choose to be Harry, Ron or Hermione.  The game also follows the movie, as far as the tri-wizard tasks and all.  The problem is, there seem to be a few glitches with the game.First off, the controls are unresponsive at least 50% of the time.  This will cause you to cast spells to the left, while something is attacking you from the right.  Or, you may get stuck in the corner and be unable to get out for about 30 seconds until the game begins to respond to the controls.  This is something EA could easily have prevented.Secondly, you have to go into the same levels over and over and over again.  You have to run around looking for tri-wizard shields.  You must return to the same level again and again to retrieve the shields.  This game is okay, but it's disappointing, because it could have been amazing.  4 out of 5 stars, for the effort.
This game was more of a standardized game, than the free-play type of the first three.  In this game you have more set items you have to accomplish, and the overall setup is nothing like the others.  If you like the first three, this one is extremely different, but this one is still worth playing.  There are many differences though, so make sure you take your time.