This game IS like Clue, but it has differences.  There are seceret passages that must be found first, a ghost to send you back to the start, cards that can help or hurt you...Really it is like several games in one.  It is fun and has educational potential.  I am an &quot;adult&quot; but still love it.  A good buy for any Harry Potter fan!
One of the reasons I wanted to get this game was because it looked like Clue, and I love Clue, and I also love Harry Potter, so merging them seemed like a good idea.  This is a really cute game, although some of the rules are a little obscure, and the ghost really gets on my nerves after a while.  The little wizard hat game pieces are cute, the board is done with beautiful artwork, as are the playing cards, and I find this game to be ten times even more entertaining when played while imitating British dialects (a highly recommended strategy, if you can manage it).  It's really more fun the more people you have playing it (playing it with two makes it a little too easy, ya know).  Despite the fact that I usually botch the pronunciation of most of the spells and the name &quot;Hermione&quot;, I really adore this game.  Highly recommended.
This game is extremely fun. At my mother's friend's house the other day, we discovered this amazing game. We played it throughout the evening, and had a blast. Similar to the well-known game of &quot;Clue&quot;, it is fairly easy to learn how to play. It isn't really an educational game, but does strengthen logic  skills. In this game you must discover who cast what spell in which classroom. A ghost wanders throughout the school, and beware! he can bump you back to the starting square. As you make your way to different classrooms and find out who is not the culprit, watch out for a person who knows the amswer to the mystery! If they get to 'Fluffy's Folder&quot; and guess the answer, they win! But an incorrect geuss knocks them out of the game. Have fun with this exciting game, which all Harry Potter fans should love!!
I was given this game as a gift, and being a rabid Harry Potter fan, was quite excited about it. When I brought it to my parents' house over spring break, my mom and my brother, both of whom have read the books were eager to play. The best thing however, is that my father, who hasn't read the books, also played with us and had fun. It was a great combination of the game &quot;Clue&quot; and Harry Potter, with a few fun twists (like a ghost playing peice!) I highly recommend this game- a great way to get the entire family together for an evening away from the television!
this is a good game, very fun. it's almost exactly like clue but with secret passages and the peeves that can get in the way...any body would like this game, not just harry potter fans.
I have many Harry Potter games/items that I have bought, and this is by FAR one of my favorites!  It is a lot like the game Clue in its basis, but the Ghost adds a lot by ruining other player's plans  to win.  I played with my parents, and they enjoyed it very much also. (The directions were so clear that even my mom could understand!)  This is definately a game you can play over and over again!It is also educational, in the way that it is a lot of strategy and logic to solve the mystery.  You not only have to try to figure out who it was, with which spell, in which room, but you also have to keep in mind the strategy of throwing the other players off.  (i.e. If you know who the person is and the spell, but you don't know the room, then you might say the name of a person and a spell you already have to a. throw the other players off and b. force them to show you room cards)  It is definately a game that you can get better at the more you play!
I ordered this short term for a birthday. It arrived quickly, in great condition. All parts and instructions included. Two tiny areas of wear/use. I am happy to get this complete game used through Amazon for less than half price. It is great fun. All players (adults) enjoyed it and want to play again. I am sure kids will be happy with it too. I am a Harry Potter fan, but you don't have to be. It is different enough from "Clue" to enjoy both games.
This is very similar to Clue with a Harry Potter twist. It takes kids longer to figure out a strategy, but any HP fan would love it! Great family fun!
This game is awesome! It is the Harry Potter version of Clue, with the weapons being spell names, and the rooms are all Hogwart's classrooms. $75 for this game is ridiculous. I only paid $3.00 for mine.
I got this game for my son (age 9) thinking this would further his interest in Harry Patter, and boy did it.  He loves playing this game and his friends do too!!!  He has taken it many times to friends houses and has everybody hooked on it.Thanks for putting our such a fun game.
My family loves Harry Potter Mystery at Hogwarts.  It's like Clue mixed with a bit of Mystery Mansion.  I love the twist with the ghost character.
My 8 year old son and 7 year old daughter both think this is the greatest game ever.  They play it at least twice a week and never want stop.
I bought this game for myself!! I am 50! I used to play it with my daughter and kids I babysat years ago. We always had fun playing it!! It belonged to the other kids and they moved away. So I purchased the game for myself. Only problem is my daughter is older now and not into playing games!
I got Harry Potter Mystery at Hogwarts game for Christmas and I love it.  The game instructions are very easy to follow and not complicated at all.  Learning how to play this game was a sinch for my entire family.  All of us have been playing it almost every day since we got it.  The board is really decorative and colorful which will make anyone want to play and once you've started, you can't stop.  All of the rules and peices help make it a great game and it's not only fun, but it helps your imagination grow to higher levels.  This awesome game is the re-creation of Clue and much easier for every one.  This wonderful game will entertain all of your family and guests and it's easy to follow.  This is really a great game for children and adults to play!!
I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan, but this game is excellent.  My sister got this game for christmas and we have been playing this game with our dad hundreds of times.  It is good in an educational sense because it teaches logical thinking (elimination) and you need to cooperate.  The instructions are easy to read and the pieces are very durable along with the board.  I would recomend this game to anyone that likes to play games or is a big Harry Potter fan.
This game is pretty much a Harry Potter version of clue. You try to figure out which student cast which spell in which room. It is not hard to learn or play, but is it very fun. I played it at my birthday party and people were begging me to let them play again!  The game pieces are little wizard hats with stars on them. Peeves is there and if he catches you have to go back to start. There are cool pictures on each of the game cards. You can find secret passages in the game so you can get to places faster.
i used to play this game when i was 17 (i was a late bloomer harry potter fan) with all my other harry potter obsessed friends at the time... then i went home and i hadnt heard nor seen anything else about this game. thought it didnt exist and maybe i just dreamed it. pop on amazon today to see if theres a harry potter monopoly and find this game instead.... almost 11 years later. my life has been made now. it plays a lot like clue, but instead its characters casting what spells and in what classroom. prefer this over clue any day. but that could just be my potter nerd being biased. either way, so glad to have this one on its way to my door step now.
it has almost all the pieces, one was missing it was sad. but it looks like fun we haven't played it yet because were lazy and didn't want to read the instructions.
As stated in the other reviews, this game combines Harry Potter with Clue, but also adds other aspects of strategy that Clue does not have.  There is a ghost game piece that players can move to block or bump other players on the board, and the addition of game cards makes this more complex than Clue.The artwork on the gameboard is exceptionally detailed, and the gamepieces are of higher quality than typical board games.  This game is definitely a deal at the price it is being sold for.My only suggestion to people considering this game is that, like Clue, it is best played with 3 or more people.  I initially tried to play this with two people and it seemed to end too quickly.Otherwise, this is a fun and exciting trip to Hogwarts!
This game was really easy to learn as it is very similar to Clue. We have a lot of fun teaching it to people. It's always a race to see who can figure it out the fastest. I am really glad I bought this and would do it again in a heartbeat.
Oh My Goodness! I love this game! it is an absolute must have for any Super Potter fan! I remember playing this all the time when I was a kid & it was so much fun!!! Unfortunately, my mom gave away our original game and I havent been able to play it lately but I'm so glad to have found it again! The price is a little high, though, so I think I'll save up my money before I buy it. This game is a blast, though! It's pretty much like playing Clue only Harry Potter themed. The goal of the game is to find which Harry Potter character cast what spell in which Hogwarts class room. The whole game is based on the BOOKS (more specificaly, the first book) instead of the movies however. This is because the books were in a certain form of mass media even before the movies came out, so there was already Harry Potter merchandise before the movies and this game is apart of that pre-movie franchise. So if you are a huge fan of the books, like I am, than you'll love this game. If you are one of those people that only whatched the movies and never read the books, one or two things might throw you off, like Peeves the Polterguest, who was never even in any of the movies. If you are one of these people, then you might want to try Harry Potter Clue, which is actually associated with the original clue but based on the movies instead of the books. But this game is absolutly one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played and is for Harry Potter fans of all ages! ;-)
This game provides a fun family time as well as being educational.  It causes all of us to use our heads while laughing together.  I love it and so does my husband and our 10 year old son.
My family enjoyed playing this game with our 9 year old daughter. She and I have read all 3 Harry Potter books but my husband has not. Even though it was based around characters, potions, and classes my husband had never heard of, he still had a good time playing the game.So you don't have to be up on your Harry Potter to have fun playing. This game is played a lot like &quot;CLUE&quot; only it has a few twists. I highly reccommend this as a great family fun night activity.
I sit here writing this review somewhat humbled and a lot embarrassed because despite my respectable IQ and my "too many to mention" Birthdays, I have just been trounced in a rousing game of Harry Potter Trivia by my 8 year old son! True, said 8 year old son is really an 28 year old in an 8 year olds body, but the truth of the matter is this...he beat me 2 games out of 3...and with no effort upon his part! In fact, I think he threw the last game just so I wouldn't feel too badly!In less than a month, movie theaters everywhere will be packed with munchkins in Wizard's costumes, waving wands and muttering incantations while they dazzle their peers with their innate knowledge of the wizard of the day...Harry Potter!Now, the reason I bought this game was not just because my son wanted it. To be sure, that was a factor, but the real reason was purely academic. We finished the fourth Harry Potter book in the series this summer and I seriously was wondering how much my son had retained from the books. Spying this game on the shelves the other day, I decided to buy it and hopefully through playing it, discover how much my son remembered from our journeys into Daigon Alley and our inevitable trips on the Hogwarts Express!I found upon first glance at the game, an attractive playing board, with bright colors rivaling Bretie Bott's beans and crisp clear illustrations, reminiscent of Harry's photo album. I also found this game to be fairly simple to play...A plus for those of us who don't read "instruction-ese" very well! Having 5 different categories of questions, I quickly realized this would give my son's reading comprehension the ultimate test...and would help stave off boredom at the same time!We set out to play the game and play we did. Throughout the next hour or so (the time in which it takes to complete one game, depending of course upon the number of persons playing and their abilities) I found myself reliving the adventures of Harry Potter and his friends. I also found myself trying to remember things such as...."What was the name of Harry's Aunt"....(Petunia)! Or...."Who delivered Harry to his Aunt and Uncle's doorstep?"....(Hagrid...on a motorcycle no less)! Now, I admit those are simple ones but try one of these....."What is the name of Hagrid's ideal 'pet'?".........."What is the REAL name of Harry's father's best friend?"........OR....."What is the last and final test in the Triwizard tournament?"....Now, I am not going to ruin the game for you by telling you the answers, but I will tell you that there are many more like the ones listed and lots are harder still to answer!This game is a real brain buster in that you have to remember tidbits, from not just the first book in the series, but from ALL of them.....characters....actions.....outcomes.....spells.....wizards.....Quidditch facts.....and much, much more come at the player with the speed of the "golden snitch" with Harry hot on its trail!I fully recommend this game to everyone who has a special child in his/her life who is crazy about Harry Potter! I found it a lot of fun to play with my son and it shows all too well the comprehension skills he has honed since reading these books! It also showed me that I need to do some reviewing before playing it again with my son, in order to save face!Though it can seem a bit pricey at about [X], I feel it is still a good buy. Since it is filled with many detailed trivia bits...it will be a long time before we hear the same questions being asked again! I also recommend anyone contemplating purchasing this game for a Christmas gift, to purchase it NOW.....Harry Potter items promise to be "hot" this Christmas, and with less than a month to go before the movie premiers......items are already quickly leaving shelves!So, dig out those old "wizard" robes, brush off your "Nimbus 2000", and polish up that wand.....Harry Potter is due any time now and you had better be ready!Happy Harry Trivia......and have a magical good time!
Shhh: we had an ulterior motive -- we're trying just about anything to get our 7 year old son excited about reading.  He struggles with reading, especially out loud, but loves for US to read (and re-read) all 4 of the Harry Potter books to him.  We were delighted that he was not only willing but excited to read -- out loud! -- the questions &amp; answers on the clever trivia cards, all of which are based on the first book.  He beat his parents every time we played, and now wants to play at least a couple of times a week! The game also encouraged us to look through the book on points of dispute (yes, the cards so far are right), and to go through later volumes to see what happened next to some of the characters.  My only suggestion: create additional card sets for the last 3 books too -- and soon!
I think that this game is more fun than a barrel full of monkeys! (excuse the expression) Last mamorial day weekend me and a freind went over to another freinds house. While there we got really bored an decided to go out to the store to get a new game. We ended up having my freind's ( who's house we were at) 13 year old sister tagging along, and me my freind and her sister spotted the game. we three had read the books but my other freind had not. Even so we played the game on 2 teams an she had a great time and even guessed a few correctly. We played it the entire 3-day weekend! Now she is reading all of the books. This game is worth every penny!
My eight-year old daughter received this game for Christmas, and now we have bought it for her 10 year old cousin.  We have had a lot of fun playing it.  I think it is cleverly produced and very entertaining, as well as challenging.  Many of the trivia questions are quite fun, and some are downright difficult.  I have only read the first book once;  my daughter has read it at least four times, so she is a real &quot;wiz&quot; at the game.  She really enjoys being better at a game than the adults around her.  I do not share the other reviewers' complaints about confusing rules, etc.  We kept the quick reference part of the rules out for the first game or so;  after that, we didn't need it.  All in all, we are very happy with the game and enjoy it quite a bit.
This is a very good game with some very tough questions.  I've played it many times with my cousin and we rarely missed a question because we know Harry Potter so well!  Some of the questions aren't accurate with the terms they use.  One even said the wrong textbook as the answer.  Otherwise, it's lots of fun and I truly think everyone who likes Harry Potter shouldn't be without it.
This is a great game that requires a lot of thinking back on the books. The point is to collect 6 different charm cards by answering questions corectley, then racing back to your house and answering a final qusetion. But if you get it wrong you take a curse card. A curse card may say to give a charm card to any player, everyplayer can take a charm card from you, or it will say to go to teh trophy room, dungeon, forbiden forest, or the hospital wing. when your in on of these places you must follow the direcitons to get out. This is a great game for the whole family to play if they have read Harry Potter 1-4. The rules are a little hard to learn but once you got them it makes for nice smooth play. Remember you should only buy and play this game if you have read Harry Potter 1-4.
I love HP.  I love board games.  So together, this is the perfect combo.  Fun to play.  Especially in a group.
I've had this game for 13 years. It's been played a bunch and still in great condition. This game has traveled everywhere I lived and will be traveling to a college dorm later this month. I can't wait to get to play it with some people who can challenge my knowledge~
This game was bought for a birthday gift, and it is very awesome! although it has about a billion questions, none are too hard, but none too easy either! the artwork is delightful, and the board is very nice to look at whilst playing. It has many different card stacks, with spells and curses you can play in the game to change the gameplay, but the rules are nto to complicated at all! it is a very great game, and fun even for the Mild Fans.
The first time I played Harry Potter Trivia I was so excited. I loved collecting the charm cards, answering the questions and racing to you house. After a while though, it go a bit boring because you kept getting the same questions after you had gone around the whole pack. Now, if someone asks me to play Harry Potter, I will say yes but it isnt as much fun any more.
I THINK THIS GAME IS SO FUN.I MOSTLY PLAY IT ONCE A WEEK WITH MY FAMILY.WHOEVER INVENTED THIS GAME, HAS A REALLY TALENTED IMAGINATION.THIS GAME NOT ONLY HELPS ME BECOMING A BETTER HARRY POTTER FAN,BUT IT HELPS IN FANTASTIC WAYS.I LOVE THIS CAME AND I'M GOING TO CHERISH IT...
There can be up to 8 players. The point of the game is to get the most charm cards.You get put into one of the four houses. You move around the board and you land on diffrent signs. There are 5 diffrent subjects. magic wizards magical beasts magical places mugglesIf you get the questions wrong you get a curse card. If you get it right you get two charms card. If you get it right with multiple choice you get 1 charm card.It is a fun game. Although you have to have a good memory to play.
We have a blast trying to sort out what was from the movie and what was from the book...details, details. A total blast for any hard-core HP fan!
I got this for the family. It is a great game to play as a family. If you use team then you can have younger childern play too. It has helped my oldest one start reading larger books. We can not wait until they start adding additions to the game. (books 2-4)
If you love Harry Potter, you will love this game!  All 6 of us were able to answer the questions and we had a blast playing :)
I grew up with Harry Potter and hope someday my kids do too, which is why I ordered this game, it's rare to come by HP games anymore and definitely wanted this one in my collection.
This game is tons of fun. Not only does it teach you a lot about Harry Potter but the various charms and spells cards make it even more challenging. The questions are about magic, muggles, wizard history and various other subjects. I don't reccomend this unless you are 9 or older and have read all the Harry Potter books and love the stories. This game combines trivial pursuit and jail in monopoly for a very fun game. Buy it now!
This is the most entertaining game to come down the pike since you discover pokemon cards. Harry Potter, the KING OF ALL KIDS is in a form of card playing. Should I add that this is the original, in your face game, the best ever. Forget POKEMON. Put down any other game. it catches all senses, stunning. itws extraordinarily, FUNNY, RAUCOUS. this game takes no prisoners.  your kid will love it because there is something refreshing about playing with nothing to be offended by, and a lot to gain! Very Entertaining!
It's a bit like war. I've had it before, and it was so expensive to buy new so I bought used. Very happy with this, they even sent it in a cute Harry potter tin!
My Son loves this game. Even my daughter who is not into games like it. Good for Harry Potter fans.
This a very good game, in my opinion, and I know the instructions well. But you must read the instructions throughly or you'll be flipping the cards to find the Golden Snitch.Carefully read the instructions before you play.
My 8 year old and I played this game several times over the weekend.  He loved it!  It wasn't that hard to learn (I read the directions ahead of time and then as we went through the game the first time).  It was a lot of fun!
this card game is alot of fun, it's true that its very confusing at first, we didn't know wat we were doing, but then we just decided to start playing and when we got stuck we just look at the instructions again. also when we ranout of cards we just agreed to just draw up another five, so it's really not so bad, what i liked most bout this game was that you can curse, jinx and steal goals from the other team.
As you can tell from other reviews the instructions that come with this game are incredibly complicated, but once my wife and I had plowed through it a couple times, we figured out the secret: the game is really simple; the rules just make it look complicated!Contents of the game --Deck One: Pitch Cards, which put various balls into playDeck Two: Hogwarts Player Cards, for player oneDeck Three: Slytherin Player Cards, for player twoBasic flow of the game --One player turns over a pitch card, and the players use their player cards to act upon the pitch.  It's always up to the pitcher to determine the play.  If the pitcher plays on the ball, the other player must also.  If that player cannot, he or she must discard a card and forfeit the ball.  If the pitcher does not play on a ball, the other player cannot.Amidst play, if there's a tie, you discard those cards and draw a new card to play.If you keep those items in mind, plus the fact that any Quaffle must be played on until it is resolved, and that you can only have two bludgers in force at any time, you should avoid most problem situations.Play it through once, bearing it mind that it's not as convoluted as the instructions make it seem, and I think you'll love it!
its just so great, so are all the HP game, trivia, quidditch board game.. EVERYTHING!! its so great!!!
It was a rough start, but this game is definitely worth it.The rules are horribly written.  I cannot understate that.  It took me a day of reading the rules without understanding them, a day of not looking at them, and then a final read of the rules before I finally 'got' it.Now that I understand the rules, my 6 y/o daughter and I are having the time of our life in this quick-paced game that truly does have the 'feel' of Quidditch.It's difficult getting started, but I believe that the fun is worth the initial headache.
Harry Potter Uno.I bought this game 10 years ago and with my grandchildern played it alot. Then about 7 years ago opened a daycare and played it with my daycare kids.  I ordered two so I could give one to my grandson who is just now getting into the Harry Potter series.
If you love Harry Potter this is a must for any fan.  It is great for Uno fans also.  I have a lot more fun playing games with characters that I like.  And this is one of those games.  It is fun for everyone and all my friends and I have a blast still to this day playing with the Harry Potter ones.  And we are all in our Twenties.  Harry Potter Uno also has some twists and variations to the game that may take some time getting used to but you can always opt out and play the way many of us grew up playing.
We've played Uno since I was a child. Its all about the group and enjoying each other while you play.  I agree with all of the previous reviews.  I just want to emphasize that all ages can play this game together.  My four year old caught on very quickly and was able to play alone with her two older sisters. It is also a game the adults enjoy with the kids. We have great fun with it on our beach vacations on the rainy days. Easy to take on trips and car rides too!
Children love this game as it like Uno with two special cards.  One is a Howler card: your opponent must "howl" out all cards in hand. The other is an Invisibility card: you can cancel any special action your opponent tries to use. However, these are no longer the same cards as the original ones.  In an order of May 2006, the cards were smaller and the pictures were not the same as when I purchased three sets in 2005.  Yet the pictures in the ad matched those of 2005.  Perhaps ToyrUs changed to another manufacturer?  I still recommend this game for children who like Harry Potter.Great game but I want the old cards.
I am a child psychologist AND a Harry Potter Nut.  I bought this game because I love Harry Potter and I thought that since some of the children I work with like Harry Potter too that it'd be a cool game to use for play therapy.  Little did I know that every child on my caselod would want to play this game every session over the past year or so that I have had this game.  Even some of my adult clients want to play this game!!  Believe it or Not!  Not only has this set of cards held up to constant use but it continues to remain interesting to all my clients.  It has been especially useful as an icebreaker with new clients--you know, if the therapist is interested in something that you as a little kid is interested in, then the therapist must not be so scary after all!
My family loves Harry Potter and Uno so this game is great. Its the best Harry Potter game I've seen yet. I would recommend this to anyone.
The whole family loves this game! The best features are the howler card and the invisibility card. When you get the howler card played on you, you must yell out every card in your hand. When you have the invisibility card, no one can give you a draw 3 or anything else bad. Very cute!
Mattel's game of Uno has been a fun and entertaining card game for many years.  The basic rules for playing Uno are as follows:1. The deck consists of four suits (red, green, blue and yellow).  Each suit contains several sets of cards numbered "0" through "9", as well as the cards "Skip", "Reverse" and "Draw Two".2. In addition to the cards of the four suits, there are two sets of wild cards: regular "Wild" cards and the dreaded "Wild Draw Four" cards.3. To begin play, each player begins with a score of zero.  The dealer deals each player seven cards and places the remaining cards face down in the center of the playing area as the "draw stack", then turns the first card up and sets it down to create the "discard stack".4. The goal of the game is for each player to discard as many cards as possible before the other players can.  To discard a particular card, it must match the current card at the top of the discard stack either by suit or by number (or "Skip", "Reverse" or "Draw Two").  A "Wild" card can be played at any time to change current suit color.  A "Wild Draw Four" card can only be played when the player has no cards matching the current suit color.  If the player has no matching cards, he/she must take a new card from the draw stack.5. When a "Skip" card is played, the next player loses his/her turn.  When a "Reverse" card is played, player direction is reversed.  When a "Draw Two" card is played, the next player must take two cards from the draw stack and lose his/her turn.  When a "Wild Draw Four" card is played, the next player has to take four new cards and loses his/her turn.6. If a player has only one card remaining, he/she must call out "Uno" to let the other players know.  Otherwise, he/she runs the risk of having to take two new cards from the draw stack if another players catcher her/him with only one card.7. The first player to discard all of his/her cards is the winning player of the hand.  The point values of all the remaining cards that the other players have are summed together and become part of the winning player's overall score.8. The first player to reach 500 points wins the game.After the release of the "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" film in 2001, Mattel came out with a special "Harry Potter" edition of the classic Uno game.  The cards in the Harry Potter Uno deck contain pictures of various characters from the "Harry Potter" films, and there were a few card changes:1. The "Draw Two" cards became "Draw Three" cards.2. Two additional special cards were added: the "Howler" card and the "Invisibility" card.With the addition of the two special cards and the "Draw Three" card, the rules for playing Uno were slightly modified:1. When a "Draw Three" card is played, the next player must take three cards from the draw stack.2. When the "Howler" card is played, the next player must reveal their cards to everyone, unless they possess an "Invisibility" card.  Both the "Howler" and "Invisibility" cards also act as "Wild" cards.3. The "Invisibility" card can also be used to protect against receiving a "Draw Three" or "Wild Draw Four" card.Uno is a fun game that both children and adults can enjoy for hours.  The Harry Potter Uno game is even more fun because of the addition of the "Howler" and "Invisibility" cards.  Overall, I rate Harry Potter Uno with 5 out of 5 stars and highly recommend it to everyone.  The only problem that I noted with the Harry Potter Uno deck is that it can be difficult to differentiate the white text on the yellow cards in a poorly-lit room.
My buddies and I have played card games since we were old enough to hold cards. The very first card game we ever played was traditional UNO. I say "traditional" because until recently, none of us had any idea that the UNO concept would be expanded to so many different franchises. But back in the 80's there was only one UNO.Later, as my buddies and I grew older, we got into the Magic: The Gathering card game. We weren't necessarily very big D&D; (Dungeons & Dragons, fyi) freaks or anything, we just liked the strategy involved in choosing different characters and the tactics of playing different spell cards. We had to stop playing, though, when our pastor told us that Magic: The Gathering was the work of Satan.Various offshoots of the Magic card playing concept popped up, including cards for Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Wars, X-Files, X-Men, and Pokemon. I only mention Pokemon because it was so popular, not because we ever played it. We were way too old for Pokemon when it became big. But the other card games we played, and without guilt too, since our pastor was a Star Trek fan and we figured he'd have nothing against a card game based on it, or any other science fiction universe.After my buddies and I finished school, got married, started careers, and began families, we still got together every Thursday evening for poker. We figured we'd outgrown the other card games and needed to be playing something more adult. We just couldn't see ourselves playing X-Men cards while smoking stogies and drinking whiskey. Even our beloved pastor would sometimes join us. He always said, "Nickel poker is a game of skill, and the good Lord's got nothing against skill. It's when you start wagering bills is when it becomes gambling." What the good padre didn't know was that we played nickel poker only when we knew he was coming. Otherwise, $100 buy ins was the norm.I first saw Harry Potter UNO at my kid's birthday party. He got it as a gift, and all the kids seemed to love playing it. All I knew about Harry Potter was what I overheard from my kids and their friends talking about it. Back then I couldn't have told you the difference between a Dumbledore and a double door. After the party, I looked through the Harry Potter UNO cards and memories of my earliest youth came back to me. That Thursday evening, I suggested to my buddies we play Harry Potter UNO instead of poker. They all looked at me like I had grown a second head. I told them, "look guys, lets just play one round, and if you don't like it, we'll go back to seven-card stud." They agreed, and to their surprise, they had more fun than they could remember having playing any other card game. We added a wagering element, of course, just to keep things interesting. Unfortunately, we had to lie to our pastor about our Thursday nights, since we didn't think he'd be too happy about our switching from poker to the magic-practicing, devil-worshipping Harry Potter, especially when we added our not so little bets to the game. But all our other buddies soon caught the Harry Potter UNO bug, and now we're thinking of starting a city-wide tournament with a $500 entrance fee and $50,000 grand prize. We're pretty sure Harry Potter UNO will overtake poker as the most popular card game, especially with the tie-in to Harry Potter, which we all now love. I can talk to my kids now in a language they understand, and our whole family is much happier. Thank you Harry Potter UNO!
My 8-year-old absolutely *loves* this game! It is played on a 3D replica of Hogwarts castle, with electronic sounds and light effects (the sounds are an integral part of the game, introducing extra elements of chance).You first have to build the 3D castle. This took a long time so we are keeping it set up for now. This game is a race to and through Hogwarts to get the Sorcerer's stone. It has about a million rules with a different section in the rulebook for each part of the castle, but after you've played it once or twice they are actually easy to remember. So far, it is fairly fun even for the adults in the house. It's about 3 parts luck and 1 part strategy.It says it is for ages 8 and up, but a younger child who can read should have little trouble with it. Mine did need an adult around to review the rules the first few times.You can play/enjoy the game without having read the books, but the game contains spoilers for book 1.
I've always loved trading cards and always liked Harry Potter.Every since the Harry Potter trading card game has came out I've tried toget every set!this was my 2nd choice(my first was the &quot;QUIDDITCH CARD SET&quot;)I think every body should have at least 1 set,Iguess you could say I really hope every body gets aset before it's to late!
I decided to get this starter after my girlfriend and her family introduced me to it. I received the product sooner than expected with a free upgrade from standard delivery to expedited mail. Not only did I get it much sooner than anticipated, but there was also an unexpected free gift included! Needless to say, I was very excited. Overall, I would highly recommend this product.
This game is one of the BEST trading card games out there to date. The game is fairly simple to play, but the strategies for the game are completely endless; a great thinking game if played right. Most of the rules are on the playmat for easy reference. The cards are the best I've seen in a game; the artwork on each card is MASTERFULLY done, making you feel like you're a student at Hogwarts. The HOLO FOIL cards are also the best of any trading card game I've seen. Trust me, you won't be disappointed when you invest in this trading card game.
I used to play harry potter cards when i was a lot younger and a while ago i got bored and ordered this because i wanted to play it with my dad again so i ordered it and it came in on aug 18th and i was shocked because it wasnt expected to arive till the 23rd through 6th so that was nice.. its in perfect factory sealed condition...(or at least it was) and i am looking forward to playing with them.. its a great way to get started.. it includes 2 41card decks. 12 damage counters, a playing mat,and an advanced rules book. Great buy strongly recomended to start your colection!
Ever since 2000 when i read the second book, i was anxious for the card game, especially cause the people who would make it had already made M:TG and Pokemon.I have learned the most about combos in the last 2 months, when the HOGWARTS set came into my possesionOf course, I traveled to earth in NYC to get them, because my Wal-Mart and KB don't have them....Some good combo's include Pep Talk + Seamus Finnigan/Fred&George; Weasly + Fouled, to reduce your opponent's usable actions to noneOr Draco Malfoy + Snape's QuestionAnd my favorite that i can use in my Neville Deck,it is better with knutFirst turn: Play something, Knut and play FluffySecond Turn: Play Transfiguration Test + A creature discarder then play a steelclaw.... he hee heeeeeeheeeeheeeeeeeeeeeee
Harry Potter is a fun and easy to play game.  This starter set was a reasonable price and a nice additional to my game collection.
My grandson is into everything Harry Potter this year so these cards are a Xmas present for him. Its safer than some of the wands, etc. out on the market & I hope it will help teach him patience so he can play games with the cards.
I am recollecting these cards before they are gone forever. Such beautiful artwork. Anything Harry Potter is great. Thank you!
Great birthday gift for a young friend who is obsessed with Harry Potter.  It was in a great price range and was very well received.
Trading card games that I've had before were very hard to understand and play.  The Harry Potter version has made the game very easy and fun.  The instructions found on the matt and on the cards are easy to understand and follow.  For everyone that likes Trading cards and loves Harry Potter this game is an excellent choice.
This is an awesome game!  It is really fun to play!  At first it is kind of fun but not the greatest because the starter set only comes with basic cards.  Eventually you can get powerful ones that can make the game.  They also can break the game if you don't know much about the game.  I have fought many games and unless you are a newcomer to the game I would suggest using the basic starter deck before you use any of the advanced techniques.  Also, the more powerful cards the better the game.
A excellently thought out Role Playing Game (RPG) with basic, expert and advanced levels of play. This starts you at the basic level and teaches the basic rules.  If you play any other collecting card game, you will love this.
Being 13, I have already conquered the Pokemon Trading Card game.  And, I must say, for myself being new at this game it's quite fun!  Not too many rules to remember, while the Pokemon game took weeks to master.  Just challenging enough to be exciting, and just easy enough to not be as frusrating as other games.  Before long, I can feel that this game is going to turn into Pokemon all over again.  Get ready, mums and dads!!:)
It is great! I am a big Harry Potter fan.It is like being Harry.It is is the best game I have ever played!
This is great.I love the Harry Potter books and I love nitendo.First you start at diagon alley and make your way through  the harry potter world.It is great
This game is the best GameBoy game I've ever played. I've had it for two days, and I've played it for over six hours. I like that you can pick your own spells, and you battle bats and other icky creatures. I also like that you can talk with Hagrid, Hermione, Ron, and other characters from the book. It's challenging. In one of the challenges you have to find potion ingredients for Snape, and it takes a LONG time (I haven't finished it yet). If you are a Harry Potter fan I think you should try this game.
This game is so fun!!!I have gotten past so many things!I wish there was another game to go with the book series!Like the Goblet of Fire was an awesome book!Also, I liked the third book, the prisoner of azkaban.The second book, though, had the most action.I liked the basilisk.You guys should see if there's another one put there!Then, you could make the most money off of me, I'm like nthe biggest walking Harry Potter fan alive!Writre to me if you guys get another Harry Potter game, on Game Boy Color!Love,Anonymous
My sister and I really love this game!!!! We got it going on a trip years ago (before the GBA) And we still love, and play it. We are both level 99, and have all the spells! It is easy to understand and also challenging. We DEFINATELY recommend it to everyone!! And if you have an SP, it will help, the game is kinda dark, but if you don't, it is ok!
This game is  amazing! I know that the ingredients for Snape are tricky to find but it's quite simple. You can find BOOMSLANG in Snape's office on the poster with a snake on it, you can find the SNAKE FANGS if you fight a snake in Snape's office and win (you will recieve the fangs if you did), and I found out that you have to find 2 (two) BEETLE EYES (even though Snape didn't say that)in the grasses in Hagrid's property. Those who have found out how to find a cure to Peeve's spell please write a review saying how.
This game is one of my best GBC games I own.  I got it for a early Christmas present and I couldn't stop playing it after that!  I played it for 4 hrs. at Thanksgiving.  You start out in Diagon Ally, a wizard's shopping area then you find your way to Hogwarts, do tasks for the teachers, learn totally awesome spells and even meet Fluffy, the three headed dog!  This game is challenging, yet not too challenging for people to get frusterated.  It is a great game for the Game Boy Color!!!(GBC)
I have'nt played the game yet but I purchased it off the internet. I am getting it soon and the first thing I am going to do is read the instructions so I can better understand the game. Even though I have'nt played it I know I will Like it because I love all things that have to do with Harry Potter. Well,most things anway. But, if you have played this game you know how cool it is. I just can't wait to make new discoveries in the land of Harry Potter and Hogwarts. Thank you.
My daughter LOVES this game.  She gets into it and game play it for hours.  She is now far more motivated to not get into trouble because she definately does NOT want to loose access to her Harry Potter game.  Great suppliment to the books.
I borrowed this game from a friend and it is great!! The plot exactly follows the book which makes completing Harry's quests and classes really fun. It has a lot a adventure you collect the Wizard Cards to get power, earn points for your house, and shop! The only things I think the makers could have improved are the graphics and there's not a lot of Quidditch involvment. You don't get to play Qudditch (I know you can get the Nimbus 2000, I just don't know how...I used gameshark). It's cool to attend classes, learn spells, wander the school at night, and a whole lot more (you'll just have to buy the game). Very fun that makes it hard to put down.Overall, this game is great. It's challenging (at times) and it's exciting to follow along the plot in the book. I definatly reccommend this game to any Harry Potter fan.
I love playing Pokemon (I have all of them: Red, blue, gold, Crystal, etc) and Dragon Warrior Monsters, even Zelda, but my FAVORITE is Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone.  I am a mega Harry Potter fan, and this game is essential to my Game-boy list! True, some levels were difficult (Snape's Potion Quest, and defeating the Troll in the bathroom) but if they were too easy where would the fun be?  I hope to get the PC version of the game for my birthday (Dec 29). I saw the movie twice, read all the books, and knowing all about Harry will help some with the game, but it's not required. I hope they make gameboy versions of the other Harry Potter books!!!!! (P.S. My Dad plays the game, too.  You can have up to 3 people playing the game and saving where they left off. After looking at the other reviews he said to tell you to ask Hagrid for where the items needed for Snape's Quest are located.)
My friend got this game for her birthday and she knew how much I  LOVE Harey Potter so she let me play it. I couldn't stop playing it I LOVED it I tell you this is the BEST game ever great graphics, fun places to go to, and online it's not that much! I can't wait to get this game when it comes in!
I just got this and really like it.  The first test for Harry is to get 6 vials at Professor Snape's potion class and this is hard but fun.  Watchout for the gnomes.  You'll have to get the game to find out the rest.  Buy the game!
This game is awesome, i wish i had it when i was little. I'm so happy i got it today. It plays very well and reminds me Pokemon because of the battles.
I bought this game for my oldest daughter.  She plays as often as she can.  She is 11-years old.  It helps alot with attention and coordination skills.  Which she has a great deal of trouble with.  She has difficulty with certain aspects of the game but has enough stick-to-it-ness to keep trying.
I played this as a kid and I loved it. If you're a harry potter fan and still have a GBC or GBA then get this!I think it was actually well-made. There are mini-games throughout the game that keep the levelling up aspect from getting too monotonous. You can collect witches and wizards cards, get points for your house, eat pumpkin pastries for health. It's amazing how the people who made the game were able to make it so that you actually felt like you were at Hogwarts!Gahhhhh I love this game!!And the music is awesome :)))
I bought this for my 8 year old for her birthday and she didn't like it even though she loves Harry Potter.  She traded with her sister who just turned 7...she didn't like it either.  So I tried it...I LOVE IT! I AM HOOKED!!  Even though I have to borrow one of their gameboys while they're in school...2 thumbs up by me!
The product was on time, and works perfectly. No bad things to say about it. All round a great game and its actually a challenging game. Thank you.
Of all the Potter games I have played through (GBC, GBA, PSX), this is the best. It follows the plot of the book very well, it's fun to play, and it has great re-play value too.It is slightly disappointing that you can't play Quidditch, but there are plenty of other fun 'minigames', and if including Quidditch would have compromised the rest of the game, then leaving it out was a good decision. (Real Quidditch fans should stick to the PSX version.)The standard RPG format works very nicely: 'random' battles leading to turn-based combat, combat-experience improving your character, money earned being used to buy items, and the occassional 'boss' fight to really challenge you, all fitting in cleverly with the plot of the book.The most interesting feature of the game is the 'Famous Witches and Wizards' cards. There are 101 (yes, 101!) to collect, and each one comes with a nice image and a bit of text on the witch/wizard it depicts. Early on in the game, you select a 'deck' to collect: most of the cards can only be collected if you are collecting the deck that they belong to (the rest are common to all decks). This means that in order to 'Collect them all' (ahem) you will either have to play through the whole game four times (once for each deck), or do some trading with a friend (make sure you collect different decks!). The best part is that the cards are not there just to look at: throughout the game you can receive 'Card Combos' which allow you to use the cards to cast extra-special spells in combat. With about 50 different combos to find and use, this game has a lot of longevity!Overall this is a surprisingly deep, involving game, with solid gameplay and well-thought-out detail. It's amazing it fits on the cartridge.
I got this game for Christmas 12 years ago and I've had so many memories from it to this day.I liked this game far better than the GBA version. It Is an incredible game for it's time and console I must say because the graphics and colors for such a game are amazingly well done for a GBC game. I loved how all the characters moved in the game and did gestures like turning pages,moving their hands,and turning their heads(unlike a lot of GBC games where the characters are lifeless.)The free roam capabilities of this game are impressive with a lot of places like  diagon alley, Hogwarts, hogwarts grounds, and the forbidden forest to explore. The Mini-games and tasks can be rather challenging which is great for those who love a good challenge. There's a lot of level grinding , But if there wasn't the game would be much shorter. In my opinion this game is great for the nostalgia but not recommended to those who have recently become a fan. Overall this is a great game and I would highly recommend getting it.
great flick. love harry potter.
This was a great game because it was challenging but not too hard.I really liked quidditch and I did very well. Also facing Valdamort was tough but I did it. I also liked the fact that you can't lose the game by losing all your energy. Great game!!
This game looks awesome. I've played a trial game and it is so cool. I'm excited to get it. If you don't like it your mad, madI tell ya.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone video game is a very exciting and adventurous game. As soon as we got it we played for 2.5 hours straight. The graphics are really good and it only takes 2 seconds to load. It is also a challenging game though fun at the same time. We recommend this game to all Harry Potter fans!
I bought Harry Potter The Socerer's Stone and couldn't wait too beat it. I loved this game and its different challanges. I would recommend the game to anyone.
One word cool. You can play Quidditch, you can fight Voldemort, you can cast spells. This game has awsome graphics and it follows the book+the movie. + there's more things that arne't in the book or the movie.
Harry Potter is sweeping the globe like a giant sweeping broom thingie. It is doing very well, with books selling out in a matter of minutes. Well, if thats the books, then my guess is the game will sell out in seconds. Pre Order it now, I hope to get it for Christmas. It has a good maker, Electronic Arts, and from the screenshots I have seen I have concluded to this:1) Excellent Graphics2) A number Of &quot;Mini Tasks&quot;3) Lots Of Difficutly Levels (A Bit Hard Control Wise.)4) The Box Is Cool.In all? An excellent game. 9.5/10 Thumbs Up!
Where to begin.  I got this game more than 10 years ago and remember it well.  I do remember i had a lot of fun playing it, addicting almost.It is very fun and easy to play.  It is neat you can go exploring the castle ( as much as old hardware let you) and how it added stuff from the book, like peeves.The biggest dissapointment were the execution of spells.  You can only do incendio on certain places and stuff like that.Nevertheless the graphics are ok ( terrible compared to bf3 today) and gameplay is nice. A nice platformer of its generation.
I would highly recommend this game to anyone - young or old. The very experienced gamer may find it too easy, but that's not to say they wouldn't find it interesting. As for me, I've played games before, but only buy them if the subject interests me. This game was just the right amount of challenge. I could figure most of it out, but sometimes it took awhile. I finished the game in about a week of moderate playing. Then, I went back and played it again, this time trying for all the bonuses. The flying is great fun. And if the controls seem backward to you, you have the option of changing them! I loved it!
this game is so tight. I beat it in four days. Yall really need to get this game. The thing is that it has alot of challenges, I had to repeat most of the game, like in gringotts.
I played a short demo of this game at E3, and it's a 3-D action-adventure game with its setting in Hogwarts. You enter different classrooms to learn spells, then put those spells to use to solve puzzles. I didn't see what Quidditch looks like, but it'll be in there, too. One of the developers told me the PS version has about 10 times the content of the PC version, since the latter is intended for a younger audience. The Game boy and GBA versions are also completely different games, so that should be interesting.
This ia a GREAT game for all ages! A MAGICAL DELIGHT.The game has nice colourful graphics resolution (except for a few transition blurs) and gentle musical scores which fit the action-adventure style of the game. It is suited for children of all ages as well as adults with a flare for Harry Potter.It begins as Harry stumbles around Hogwart castle with the player becomes increasingly accustomed to the gameplay.One begins to learn how to cast magic tricks, jump, maneouvre, collect all-flavour jelly beans, open hidden trapdoors, energise with jumping chocolate frogs or drinking magical portions.There is also a flying lesson early on, where Harry is required to fly through over 30 hoops. Although a little difficult for smaller children, it is a good opportunity to develope manual dexterity (I confess I am in a surgical career).There is pretty much only one path through the game (except for the more adventurous to collect all the beans and reap the rewards behind the talking portraits), and rescuing Harry's owl is a relatively easy introduction to the game which aims to capture even the youngest players.The game does, however, becomes more complex and harder in some of the later stages. The notable ones include the cauldron (where Harry collects the portion for Snape in the dundgeon), the Forbidden forest (where Harry collects the fireflies), the mineshaft rides in the vault, and the last confrontation battle with Lord Voldermot. Playing Quiddich and chasing Malfroy on a flying broomstick are absolute delights. Smaller children may benefit from the help of an adult, providing great opportunities for socialising and family bonding.I am not an experienced adventure game player but I completed the game and all the bonus jelly beans sections in 15 hours.The flow of the game approximately parallels that in the book and that in the movie. One develops a sense of knowing the character and belonging to the adventure and shares the same ambition of defeating the ultimate evil.Overall, except for a few minor technical issues, the game is very well designed and does take the player through a series of MAGICAL adventures OUT OF THIS WORLD.9.9/10.
This is such a great game! It's not  totally hard, but it is very challenging! I haven't gotten through it yet, but I'm trying really hard. You have to fight trolls, monsters, and Professor Snape! and in the end you even get to fight the evil lord Voldemort! This game is totally great!
i had been searching for a copy of harry potter and the sorcerer's stone for a while i am very happy with this product
Overall, this game is very fun. Sure, the grafics aren't that great, but it is fun neverless. Oh, and in the options menu, you can invert the controls to make flying alot easier. The game also gives a sense of freedom. You have to do what they tell you, but not right away. Exploring hogwarts is fun! Great game!
The game is in perfect condition as well, a bit of sound problems but still really good thank you again
if you liked the book and enjoyed the games and other accesories but really you gotta have this game graphics a+ and characters top knotch
This game is fun, no glitches and very playable.A bunch of spells to have fun with.I beat the game without knowing you could turn bookshelves with the Square button lol.It is absolutely terrifying mid game, you will learn to be very thankful to see the sun, because you spend most of your time in the dark alone and scared.Harry Potter screams every time he gets hit, it just adds on to the suspense.I had to abandon this game for 3 years because it scared me too much and gave me subtle heart attacks, then picked it back up in 2004.You want a challenge, puzzle game, minigames, know more about the cast of Hogwarts then this is a good game.Cons:Half the game you are just terrified, you are really "Alone in the Dark" half the game.It's like the mid to end game they decided to make things terrifying.You end up having to go to the chambers of the dark arts the place where Snape says to never ever go there.It's a dark dungeon with many different rooms, with no other human interaction except a Satanic Ghost that will give you rapid heartbeats everytime you hear his demented voice.Then you are exploring the woods in search of the creature that is murdering unicorns and drinking their blood (oh god..... why send children to do this)Then you have a troll chasing you down a flight of stares while the floor is collapsing, you fail once YOU DIE.Then you also have a 9 foot fat troll that is sleepwalking and you must Wingardium Leviosa things out of its way without touching him or else he chases you and kills you with his club.During this time Harry Potter whispers wingardium leviosa whenever he lifts something, it just Scares the hell out of me when the troll wakes up and screams.THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
i was impressed with the speed in which i received this item. This was part of a group of Harry Potter gifts that i ordered for my son's birthday. He was so excited to get all of his Harry Potter gift's that he took them all to college with him and is the hit of his dorm. His room was designated "the room" to hang out in. when he and his friends are not in class maintaining their 4.0 GPA's, they are busy playing this new and magical game! Thank you for helping me make his birthday a magical experience,Sincerely, K. Kurtz
I got this game for x mas and i love it it is a bit short but its really hard the first time you finish it....I have won the game twice and i really can help i promise!
This is the best game that I have ever played. I am 13 years old, and even I think that this game is amazing. Everyone needs this game.
i bought this for my five year old son for christmas...like a lot of youngsters in recent times he's been harry potter mad! :-) he asked me numerous times for this game. as a parent i've found it fairly hard finding games that i feel are suitable for my five year old...i found some baby games which i know he'd hate and loads of teen and adult games that were by no means suitable.a friend of mine advised me against getting this as she thought it might be too violent or scary...it's not at all :-) i'm glad i got it...my son really enjoys playing it and it seems to be tailored to the needs of a young audience...if you have older children or experienced gamers to buy for then this probably is not what your looking for...my eight year old nephew who is well used to playing playstation games got through the whole game quite rapidly, he said it was fun but that he though he might get bored with it quite quickly...if on the other hand your looking for something for the young upcoming gamer in your family this is likely to be a real hit :-)
i was very happy with the video game it was in perfect condition and arrived on time i overall was very happy with my experience in buying this product
I have actually played the game at a conference I went to, and it is the BEST GAME EVER. How could you not like Harry Potter, unless you're a muggle of course! Ha ha! But seriously, you get to play Quiddich, and it doesn't get any better than that! It sure beats the Harry Potter Casting Stones game I bought this summer. And the Harry Potter puzzles I did when it rained. OK, OK, so I think there should be a bigger love story between Harry and Hermione, but that's J.K.'s fault, and not Electronic Arts. BUY THIS GAME BEFORE VOLDEMORT RISES AGAIN!!!
This is a challenging game for all ages, although someone experienced may find it boring.  I found it hard to beat without a memory card, so that is a must for the game.  I especially liked the flying lessons and quidditch.  It's fairly easy to learn to control, and it looks really cool when you're flying!
I have now seen the movie twice and although I think the move is brillant, i think this game is much better, in fact more truer to the book than the movie..You start off at hogwarts of course talking to dumbledore, but you really dont have to as he does not really give you any clues, my advice is just explore and talk to all the students because they will tell you what lesson you need to get to next.along the way you will talk to the weasley twins and they will tell you to collect diffrent flavours of bertie bott beans,you have to collect them all otherwise you wont get there passwords to the secret paintings and belive me they are very helpful..Also in this game you get have lessons with the main teachers but one who is not in the film is professer sprout.This game is full of surprises and hidden secrets which i love, its full of great charcters and bad nasty pepole like Voldermert who is quite spooky, the forbidden forset is great fun,.With each lesson you have to sovle the puzzle and perform spells to get to your next lesson. Also you have to play quiddich which to my mind is the best thing in the game, you have to have pratice lessons first with madam hooch, then your off...I am now a quiddich expert and i would beat potter any time haha...And the good thing about it is you can play it as often as you like and beat your own records..I Highly recomend this game for young and old, I`m 34 and I am enjoying it very much, I think the most diffuclut bit is the gringotts bank and getting two blue feathers from a peacocks bum. I think its all quite changelling and good fun have a ball, and dont listen to pepole who play on playstaion all the time and say &quot; I played this game in a day&quot; It took me well over a week to play this game and playing it again I`m still finding things i missed before..brill, good, fun and hey I`m english where Harry potter was born, so for that reason I`m very proud potter rules..hahahahaaaaa
Is verry good game is fun and is not a violet and bloody game is fastastic is just righ for kids, my kids loved and so glad for that.
I felt like it was a risk buying it used for 99 cents but surprisingly not only is the disk in perfect condition but I also got the case and manual as well. :-) and of course it's a fun game.
This game is one of the most enjoyable i have ever played. Although this is owing mostly to my love of the books it still stand tall on it's own. With many other games you spend a long time on one challenge preventing you from continuing with your game and rendering the disc you have purchased some days earlier useless. This is a game that is accesable to anyone of any who enjoys the magic of the books or the games. On a first run through the game it may seem like there is not much to it, but if you explore hogwarts you will find the sub challenges very enjoyable. One of these that appealed to me was the search for the 17 witches and wizards cards. the first time i completed it i only found 6 but on later attempts i found that you just needed look around a bit and they were almost staring you in the face behind a secret bookcase or a compartment in a brick wall. Quidditch is also an ingenious addition. The controls they have selected for flight far surpass those of the rest of the game and make it a very enjoyable experience.All in all a brilliant game and one of the best of the back of a film lisence i have seen.
This was part of my daughter's Christmas gift.  I was glad it arrived prior to Christmas.  She has already checked it out and is very happy with it.
I was very impressed by this game, I was thinking that it wasn't going to be very good, because of that there wasn't going to be very much to do... but I was wrong. The creators of this game, and J.K. Rowling are extremly talented, and I hope they contuine given smiles to people all over the world. Thank You
This is the best chess game I've ever played in my life! You need to make more things like this! Harry Potter rules my life!
My daughter had been begging me to teach her how to play chess.  Why?  I had no idea but when I saw this chess set it made sense.  She's a huge Harry Potter fan and this set had her intrigued in playing chess.  I'm all for it because chess is a wonderful strategy game that really works the brain.  Plus it takes time and that means less time for brainless cartoons!The pieces capture your attention right away, especially with the uniqueness from the first film so evident in them.  They really do make you feel more inclined to play chess just because it's cooler to have pieces that fit the mood of chess than just bland, boring pieces of the cheap chess sets most of us are familiar with.Overall the durability is good for children a little older.  However, my daughter at 8 likes to use them in pretend games other than chess too.  She likes to re-inact some of the movie with them too.  She has the other HP figures and it all comes together real nicely... so overall it's a definite purchase any HP fan should make!
Harry Potter Wizard's Chess is on of the cheapest chess sets imaginable.  Made out of plastic, the pieces don't keep the board weighted down (the board is folded cardboard)and the pieces don't fit too well on the board either.  The only good thing about it is that it is a chess game that is one of the best games out there.  They shouldn't have tried to make wizard's chess a reality...it is practicaly worthless.
This is the best toy ever. My mom bought me other chess sets but I never learned to play. This one is fun to play.  The only bad thing is that you need someone to play with you.  It has easy step by step directions.  I just got it this Christmas from my aunt and uncle.  I have played it 50 to 70 times since.  The pieces look just like the ones in the movie.  I just love this toy it is so educational!
This is not your TYPICAL chess set. True, you can still play chess, but kids & adults alike will love this new game.When you open the box, you will get a fold-out chess board (very durable). The board has the EXACT same colors as the chess set seen in "Harry Potter & the Sorcerer's Stone". You will also receive two complete set of chess pieces.Each piece was designed using the SAME sketches Warner Brother employees used to create the life-size pieces in the movie; they are COMPLETELY identical. The pieces are made of a thick-plastic type of material, so they are very hard to damage (but not impossible).Also included in the box is a set of instructions that have easy-to-read insturctions on how to play chess. They have pictures showing the different ways each piece can move.Whether you're a chess fan or not, if you LOVE Harry Potter, then you MUST have this chess set; makes a great decoration on any coffee table.
I got this chess set because I love Harry Potter and I thought it was really cute. It does look exactly like the chess set that Harry and Ron play in the movie, but it is not stone like theirs was. This one is plastic. I would like to have seen this chess set in a heavy duty resin. The plastic pieces are flimsy. The knight is constantly falling over because it is top heavy. The board is a joke! It is a very thin cardboard (or a very thick paper--depends on how you look at it). And the board is far too small for the pieces. I would say that the one redeeming plus of this chess set is that it is inexpensive. If you have a child that like to destroy toys, than maybe this is the way to go. It is really cute too, but If you are looking for a chess set to play or learn how to play on this one wont be that good for you. I think the only people who will really get anything out of it are the fanatic Harry Potter fans. If I was giving it an over all score I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars.
Fact: This is a chess set designed to look like the chess set protrayed in the Harry Potter movies.Fact: This set is designed for, marketed for, and intended for use by children. Nowhere does it claim to be a "professional" or "regulation" chess set.With that said, I'm amazed at all of the complaints concerning the game's contents. Yes, the board is a folding board, and yes, the pieces are larger than normal. It's designed that way for a reason. Would I purchase it for myself? No, because I prefer professional grade chess sets to collect.I bought it for my KIDS, and they love it. It looks just like the one Harry & Ron played, and while the pieces do not automatically destroy each other, they have put hours of relatively quiet time into learning and playing the game of chess.... something they had no interest in until this game was purchased for them.I highly recommend buying this product if you have kids as I'm sure they will love it. They don't care that some pieces are a bit awkward, nor that the board folds. They care that it's a "Wizard's" chess set just like Harry Potter's. My kids are happy with it, and in the end, that's all that matters.
THIS IS A VERY CHALLENGING GAME. EVERY HARRY POTTER FAN WILL LOVE THIS ESPECIALLY THE OLDER ONES. GREAT FOR ADULTS TOO. IF YOU LOVE CHESS OR GAMES, YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.
This chess game is fun, educational and very beautiful. I refer to those who want to buy it. This chess game is also very easy to store, because the board is foldable.
This is an ok toy. I like it because it is an exact replica from the movie. If your looking for any chess set get this one its fantastic
I was very happy with this product.  Some reviews I read about the product was that the board would not sit flat.  Mine sits very flat on a table.  I had planned  to cut a piece of wood and glue it but it is not necessary. Also  I like the large size of the piece's.
I love chess and collect chess sets. Mainly figurine sets like this. There is somthing about playing a set where the pieces actually resemble the King theme. Until this set came out, you just couldn't find ones like this for the price. The last one I purchased many, many years ago in a store was a Peter Ganine Conqueror set. It's still my favorite, but this one is my second. Other than the box is flimsy and no molded place holders, it is very nice. I've seen the movie and it is very accurate to the giant movie version as well. And as a bonus, for years I had tried to get my daughter interested in chess, but with no success. After seeing this set(she's a big HP fan) she wants to learn the game now. :) Not to mention, years from now, this set will be worth 5 to 10 times it's original value. ;)
I bought this last year as a Christmas gift for my boyfriends sons and they love it.  They have learned to play chess really well and the pieces are durable they have to be to have lasted this long.
I gave this set to my son for his seventh birthday. He loves it. He makes me play chess with him, his friends play chess with him, and he is even teaching his 11 year old sister to play!  The only problems are that the board is a little small and that the pieces, because they are tall but light, can tip over.  We just use a different chess board and avoid pumping it while in play.  Overall, very cool.
Oh this is so great. A plastic wizard's chess set from the HarryPotter Movie.  It's well made but the one I got had one of the knightsbent funny so it would not stand.  But I kept working it and now itstands but it leans funny.  Still, the set is well done.  The bottomsof the pieces I glued some green felt to so they slid better on thegame board.  Very pleased with this set.
My son has wanted to learn how to play Wizard's Chess every since he saw Ron beating Harry in the first game and then when he saw Ron play with the bewitched set that was all he talked about. This is a great chess set except for the pieces falling over easily and the board is kind of small. This will be in our family for a long time to come. Just wish they has an elcetronic wizard chess(like on the movie).  Great Game
I am a school teacher and also the advisor of my school's chess team/tournament.  Every child in my club saw the HP movie and was estatic when I brought out the Wizard Chess Board.  They exclaimed that they had to play it.  The desire to move  those pieces were overwhelming to the tikes ranging from 7-12 years old.  When I told them for the next year Tournament, I will give one away to the victor, the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th graders eyes were lit up with excitement.  The 5th and 6th graders sighed with great and passionate disappointment for they were nolonger going to be in my school.  I need more boards but at a much lower cost.
My son recieved this last christmas. We have enjoyed many games on it since then. I was suprised by the quality of the pieces. They are molded of a durable plastic and shaped like the ones from the life-size game at the end of the first movie. They are large enough for younger players to easily grasp, however the knights are a little to large. Moving them does take some caution as they tend to knock over the other pieces. The board is made of hard plastic and folds to fit in the box. We really enjoy this game and intend to continue playing it for some years to come.
You simply cannot get a better toy for the price, especially in the 7-10 year old group.  What you have here is basically a decent plastic chess set with a cardboard playing board.  The pieces are large (2-5 inches; good for smaller hands) and have a nice weight to them.  I'm giving this set a high score for durability because the pieces seem pretty indestructible and will probably get lost long before they break or wear out. But the cardboard playing board may need to be replaced or repaired (read: duct taped) after heavy use or rough handling. Kids will love that the pieces look just like the life-sized set Ron played in the first movie.  And hey, in my opinion there just isn't a more educational toy than a chess set.  Harry Potter books helped many kids discover they like to read, now Harry Potter can help kids develop an interest in chess!  Cool.
My 5th grade students LOVE this chess set!!!  Of course we are reading Harry Potter during Flooding!  ;)
This is an excellent chess set for first-time, young players.  The pieces are solid.  They are easily distinguishable - a hard problem for new / young players: other sets often leave them asking "is that a pawn or a bishop?"  They look exactly like the giant wizard chess set in the Sorceror's Stone.My advice to parents teaching children chess for the first time: don't try to start with the full game.  My son and I started with a king and three pawns and worked up from there.  It's generally much easier to engineer a draw with a smaller set of pieces, as well....
I think chess is a great game to teach kids.  And if your child likes harry potter this is a great motiviation to learn to play.The connection to the movie and the game pieces make it fun for them to learn and play.Personally,  I thought the board was WAY too small. And way too flimsy.  Especially for beginning players when even the biggest board with the smallest pieces can be hard to keep up with.  And I found the pieces to look pretty similar, altho my son had no trouble with that issue.That said, the issues with the design of the game were mine and getting out this game is something my son loves.  So i would have to classify them as minor.
My grandson Bo was into chess at school...  I had been looking all over the place for a set for him...When I saw this set - I had to get it for him - it's a piece of art along with it being a chess set...I love how the pieces appeared, easy for a younger person to really see the piece & know what that piece is without question...  Plus it brings the magic of &#34;Harry Potter&#34; alive...
This game rocked it was possibly the best game I have ever played. The graphics were unbelivable, and the tasks were even more fun. Even if your not a Harry Potter fan this game is for you. It has the potential to be even bigger if they make a sequal, which I hope they do because the game has left me wanting more.
I got this game for Christmas.  I really wanted it bad!  I was not disappointed after I got it.  I like playing this alot.  My brother A.J. plays with me at this game.  I am 5. We take turns playing the game.  He has competed the game.  I am still trying.  I beat the snake one time before.  I think you should buy this game no matter how much it costs.  You will have lots of fun playing it.
My little brother says "Axel, this game is for 8-year-olds" and I respond "Hush, lil' bro. I'm having MAGICK!". This game charms with awesome adventure/action first-person spell-casting, it's absolutely engrossing and magical. Explore Hogwarts in this engaging game of wizardry and fantasy beyond your daily-living dreams. Also this game provides great escapism. My only complaint is the camera view, it's too hard to toggle and can be vexing when trying to jump from ledge and avoid ghosts and pick up gnomes and while avoiding the loss of stamina and/or Bertie Botts Every Flavour Beans.
This game, like Harry, has alot of potential. The gamecube allows the picture and graphics to be an awfull lot better than its predecessor. If it sticks as well to the book as the new movie will it shall be an instant hit. The fact it will come out on nearly all consoles is good for publicity. Should be great for Harry potter fans and non-fans alike.
Disk worked perfectly and shipped quickly. I am extremely satisfied. There is nothing better than a classic Harry Potter game.
harrypotterand thechamberofsecrets is a great game! you could play qudditch,playminigames like gnometossing,and gnome dunking.and do other things like exploring hogwarts and its groundsand collect and trading famous witches and wizard cards.also you could fight bosses like the whomping willoy and the basilisk.also the graphicks are great.hermonie,ron,and harry look much better than they used to look in harry potter and the sorcerous stone for ps.the game is so fun in the game im already looking for the book foh hermonie. oh yeah remember to save 100 beans so couldby the alohorma spellbook.by the way the spells you learn are flipendo,lumos,diffendo,expelliama,incendio,and alohormora.
The little Witch sends you running all over the place, getting zapped by Prefects, falling to your death and getting leg locked by prefects all to get a book that SHE WANTS! Meanwhile she's up safe in her bed with her wand set on vibrate thinking about Ron Weaselly! Next time I see her I'm going to hex her good! (can you tell by my rant that I am having a blast?). It's hard sure but it feels so good when I get through a &#34;level&#34;. You need to go online and find the &#34;Walkthroughs&#34; there are several and some are better then others but you must have them or you will feed this game to the nearest giant spider.
I see only one problem with this game, There are only six days in the school year! Although it still a wonderful game I'd say its a bit short. But for people who like short games this is the game for you. My favorite part of the game is that after you finish classes for the day, you can go out side and fly around the campus on you Nimbus 2000.The game is only short because it dosen't take that long to do alot of the things, the game play is detailed and fun:You start out by crashing the Weasley's car into their front gate, &quot;Welcom to the Burrow, Harry&quot; says ron. after that you spend some time wondering around the yard, ending the day with a little gnome tossing. The next day you go to Diagon Alley but end up in Knockturn Alley and have to find your way out. Then you meet up with the Weasleys again and Ginny tells you she lost her stuff, when you find it all you and the Weasleys go to the book store where you meet Gilderoy Lockheart, then Ron bursts in saying you've missed the train. You crash the Car into the Womping Willow, and have to fight it to get Ron out of its cluches. Term at Hogwarts has begun.
Very easy game. Bought it because I had it as a child and thought it was a good deal. For the price? Awesome.
Graphics: 10/10They are absolutely amazing. My dad came into my room when I was playing, and he asked if it was a movie! He could not believe it was a game, I had to CONVINCE him by moving Harry around in circles!  Best graphics I have ever seen on any system, they are simply breathtaking and truly bring the game to life.Sound: 10/10Sound quality is amazing, the voices are VERY real and the background music is excellent, not annoying at all.Control: 10//10Control is perfect, you can customize the spell buttons to any place you want, wich is great. Harry is very easy to move around, with three different speeds (Sneak, Walk and Run) at a diff positions on the control stick. When shooting spells at objects they are very very easy to hit right on target, excellent aiming system!Gameplay: 10/10 TONS upon tons of different levels, different places, all exciting and thrilling in they&#146;re own way!Fun Factor: 10/10 This game is an absolute blast! You will NEVER get tired of this game, right till the very end!Story Line: 10/10 it follows the book very well. Some things are different, but they were only changed to be &#147;playable&#148; a lot of great original ideas where added into the game, creating MANY new special tasks for Harry to complete like SAVING Ron from the Whomping Willow!Annoyance: 9/10  Having to &#147;meet&#148; the chars everywhere tends to get on ones nerves but it&#146;s not too bad. Also sometimes the Camera angels can get a bit touchy, but with the yellow control stick, you can move them to the spot you want!Memory Card: 10/10 only takes up 5 blocks on your card, AMAZING for the quality of graphics this game has!!Overall: 10!!! This game is an asset and will be a star to any collection. Buy it now, you will NOT regret it!!!!!!
This is one of those games that you'll play over and over again! I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the graphics on this game. You play as Harry Potter which is nothing you don't all ready know. Playing this game is like being a student at Hogwarts. You can sneek out of bed at night and fly around the enormous Hogwarts campus if you'd like!This game also features a full season of quiditch!Whatch out for those Blodgers! EA games has really done it this time.J.K Rowling worked close hand with the makers of the game to make sure the game was a close to perfect match to the book.This game really dose follow the book so have fun and don't get petrified.This is by far one of the greatest games I have seen in years! I would reckomend trying this game!-Griff
I previewed this game recently and I am astonished at the quality of the graphics! I reviewed the game on three different platforms (PS2, Gamecube and XBox) and the graphics engine is exceptionally good. Gameplay is challenging, and although younger kids will no doubt have some problems with many of the button sequences, I think any child five or older will get something out of this game. There is no question this will be the hit of the holiday season so order now!
The colors are lush and appropriate to each scene, the graphics magnificent, the music so dead-on, and the effects and gameplay fantastic.  The only downside is the long loading times and the sometimes difficult camera angles, although both can be forgiven since the amount of graphic detail could well account for the former and camera angles have always been a bit of a bugger in 3D games.  Great use of the contoller vibrator as the Whomping Willow slams it's roots about.I bought my Playstation 2 on the strength of this game and GTA: Vice City and I have not been disappointed.  As much as I love the guilty pleasures of the violent  'Vice',  I love ending my day with 'Chambers'.  It's like an interactive novel.  I am amazed at the amount of gameplay so far and I haven't even gotten into Hogwarts yet.I love this game and I think anybody who has just a passing knowledge of the Potter world will feel the same.  Well worth [it].
this is a game that i would most defenetly recomend buying. it takes you into the world of witchcraft and wizardry and into the school of Hogwarts.
I normally don't admit to this sort of thing, but I was addicted to this game. I bought it for myself, loved it and bought 3 more for my friends. I couldn't stop playing it. If you've played the first game and liked it, you'll love this one. If you didn't like the first game, which I was right there with you, I hated the first game and was aprehensive about this game, but I totally changed my oppinion about it 5 mins into playing it. Try it!
This is one of the best Harry Potter games ever made. It is the only game that lets you shop in Diagon Alley and fight the Whomping Willow. Its so well connected to the story and is tons of fun. Gnome Throwing and flying your Nimbus is addicting.To add it, you can now play against Slythrein, Huffelpuff and Ravenclaw in Qudditch...and you can lose. When you sneak out if you're caught you can get house points taken making the game more realistic.Now you can interact with Ron, Hermione and the newest student Ginny. This game was so much fun overall the only hard part I can point is the Incendio challenge.Battling the Basilisk with the sword is not too hard but at the same time addicting.The problem with this fantastic game is EA or whoever failed to make enough Silver Discs. It is mostly Blue discs. Blue discs do not work in older Playstation 2s, even with the Scotch tape trick.The Scotch tape trick I believe only works for younger Playstations. Because not enough silver discs were made, its ridiculously difficult to find one.It's a fantastic game, one of the best Harry potter ones...but unfortunately EA or whoever made a big mistake when they made too many blue discs.
excellent game.  i bought this new one to replace the one i loaned out and it was unplayable when i got it back. the other person paid all charges.
The Harry Potter game was a gift for my brother but arrived really fast and in good condition for being used. The game is clean and entertaining without it being to difficult. Overall experience has been great with this seller.
While some of them are long and boring, others are just stupid. This game is GREAT. If you have been let down by the first game or the third, give this one a try. Well done story, funny voice acting and a feeling of being at Hogwarts make this a must play for any HP fan,  if you are between 10-100.
This game is the best game i ever played. I just love the story. There is not a lot of violence to the person who said that. It is a game of magic and that is my favorite topic. I would say that you should get this game. If i could be in charge of rating it I would give it a 1,000,000,000%. So get it right away.
I have to just say, that this isn't an absolute perfect game but i feel it is somewhere between a 4 and a 5. I'd probably give this game a 4.5 out of 5. The fun factor of this game is amazing! When i first bought this game it was after it first came out when i was a little younger and it was a little tough, not overly hard but challenging enough that it gave me something to work at. now that i'm a little older it is still a little tough but more of a quick play type of game. now on to the game! i really like the plot line in this, it keeps close to the book and movie to an extent but has a little bit of its own plot to it. There are a couple side missions but nothing too extensive and most of them have to do with the story in some way however there are some like finding things from the notice board in the common room that really have nothing at all to do with the story. another thing i really enjoyed about this game was the ability to fly around whenever and wherever i wanted which is completely missing in the 3rd game(with exception to buckbeak). a couple things i would change though, for instance in this game alot of it is sneaking around prefects during the night missions which honestly gets to be a little annoying and tedious. i would have preferred there to be less prefects and more to the actual missions instead. Another slight thing would be the load times, alot of people have been complaining about how long they were but while they were a little on the long side, they weren't anywhere near the 5 to 10 minutes some people were reporting. They were more along the lines of 45 seconds, which is still a little on the long side but not that terrible. overall i would definitely recommend this game to anyone questioning whether or not to buy it.
This game is incredibly fun. There are some stupidly easy parts mixed with some stupidly hard parts. The graphics are fantastic and although the game is based on the film, alot of the game is original material, and very good at that.It is a long game, which means you can't just complete it in a few days. I particuarly love the quidditch part.The only downside is the loading time and the speaking parts which do get annoying at times. However, the game is so entertaining I cant take a star off for those things.I recommend this game to anyone over 7 or 8, I think it is far too hard for anyone younger than that. No matter what age you are it is going to be challenging at times, but fun!
this game is very entertaining. It is not too difficult but not too hard. The only down side it it has to load often when transfering from different locations. The free and open game play gives you the options on what to do at any given time which will keep you playing for months.
This game was awesome, the graphics are superb, my friends recomended it, and so i got it, i got addicted within the first 5 minutes, one bad aspect though; the loading time; if they [EA Games] could shorten it [the laoding time], this game would kick some major butt. I can't wait 'till Prisoner of Azkaban or Quidditch World Cup!!!P.S. I heard they are remaking the first game for PS2 and some other systems, and it will be a lot better, i have never played the original one but hope to!
Although I thought this game was so fun one thing that did annoy me quite a bit was the downloading time between levels or when Harry was entering or leaving a room.  At times, it took up to 2 minutes for a scene to load.  It wasn't a very difficult game, but it is still a fun role playing game! Loved it!! Can't wait for the next one to come out!
First of all, It has taken me about twenty hours to get to where I am now (which is Professor flitwick's Incedio challenge). I'm convinced the others that rated this didn't finish in 2 days (maybe 48 hours), but majority rules all. Great game! Every time I have to do another challenge I get more and more stumped, which is why I can't go further. Every time I go into another room it takes fifteen or more seconds to load the area I entered, which is the only downfall other then enjoying the game so much that you have a tough time finding a stopping point. I suggest you look for hints if you purchase this game, because with out them you'll be very frustrated. This is a game so intense that there will be many times that you complete a task and you think or say outload "yyyyyyeeesssssssss!".
Old games are often dated but this one left memories for a special someone and made an excellent gift as one of the best Harry Potter games.
I agree with a lot of the people when they say that you really have to pay attention to details. You have to be patient with this game in order to get through the levels.  At times it will be fustrating because it seems like there is nothing else you could possibly do to get out of the level. But that's what is great about the game, it makes you think. I wouldn't want to play a game where all the answers are right in front of me. It's no fun. And the castle is so much fun to explore.  There are so many "secret" passage ways in which you will need to use your "aquired" spells to open up treasure chests.  Quidditch can be a little dificult to control, but maybe that's because this is the first Harry Potter game I've played.  Once you get your broom from Madam Hooche then you get to fly around the castle and find even more treasure chests on top of the castle. I did lose a lot of house points trying to do things for Hermione. But you get the hang of avoiding the prefects. It's a great game for those of you who like to figure things out.  Buy it! I loved the game!
The PS2 version of the video game "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", which is based upon the book (and film) of the same name as written by J. K. Rowling, is a very entertaining & challenging video game.  I break down the game into eight areas:1. Introduction.  This includes learning some basic game skills, including how to cast the "Flipendo" spell and tossing gnomes.2. Whomping Willow.  Upon crashing the car into the Whomping Willow, Harry must find his way out into Hogwarts Castle.3. Daytime Challenges at Hogwarts.  Once you get to Hogwarts, Harry is required to perform various challenges as presented by professors during class time.  These challenges vary in degree of difficulty and result in Harry obtaining new spells.  They often pit Harry against seemingly large foes.  House points are obtained upon success.  Spells obtained will be used later in the game.4. Quidditch Matches.  These can be quite challenging (and can cause finger strain) as Harry must play no less than three quidditch matches over the course of the game: one against each of the other three Hogwarts houses.  Training sessions are included before the three games.  House points are obtained for winning matches.  (In case Gryffindor doesn't win, any match can be replayed after its conclusion.)5. Nighttime Clandestine Excursions at Hogwarts.  Avoiding the wandering prefects who guard Hogwarts corridors at night, Harry must clandestinely obtain information regarding the Chamber of Secrets from various sources.6. Battling Aragog & the Basilisk.  These two challenges are probably the most difficult for Harry.7. Lost & Found.  These can be done at any time at Hogwarts and increases house points upon success.  (If, after defeating the basilisk Gryffindor doesn't have enough house points, you can do several lost & found challenges to obtain the needed points, as the game might suggest.)8. Wizard Cards & Bertie Botts Beans.  Finding Bertie Botts beans replenish Harry's energy and can be used to purchase items at Fred & George's secret store.  Wizard cards can be found in chests (which are sometimes locked) or purchased at Fred & George's secret store.  Winning wizard cards seemingly has no real impact on winning the game, but can be fun to obtain.  Other items can also be purchased from Fred & George's store and used in various ways.With moving staircases, secret passages, ghosts, spiders, nasty creatures & obnoxious prefects, the PS2 version of the "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" game is quite fun, and I highly recommend it.  I did note a few occasional problems with game graphics and the worst-portrayed character was Hagrid.  Overall, I rate the game with 4.5 out of 5 stars, rounded up to 5 stars.  (In case you aren't sure what to do in a particular part of the game, there are ample tips available on the Internet.)
I got this game for my son and i ended up getting hooked on it. But it is a little shorter than i had expected. Since this is my first PS2 Game i had some difficulty with some of the challenges but i beat it in a week. Better graphics than "Stone", easier to use the spells. Quidditch is a pain in the ...  . Love Harry Potter, the game is very good, needs to be longer. If a novice like me can beat it in a week it definitely is too short.
This is the earliest Harry Potter game I currently own. I don't know how much improvement this is over Sorcerer's Stone, but it is a great game nonetheless. First I will make a quick list over what the game has to offer, in case you have questions about what you actually do in the game:- Teachers send you through crawlspaces to dangerous parts of the castle where you have to solve some puzzles to get the spell book and return to your classroom.- There are other times where you have to explore dangerous areas to achieve a goal or progress through the storyline.- This game has moments where you have to sneak past prefects.- Quidditch, broom racing, and even leisure flying!- Collecting 101 Wizard cards.- Perform tasks for students as a side quest.Hogwarts castle and grounds: Since the first two movies were a bit cartoon-ish and the grounds were way too sunny every day for it to be Great Britain, the Hogwarts castle and grounds in this game seems a bit cartoon-ish and it is still way too sunny every day for it be Great Britain. What occasionally bothered me were the load times you had to sit through every time you entered certain rooms or exit/enter the castle. But if you're incredibly patient through the whole game (like I was for the most part) this won't bother you much. Also it would have been nice to explore the parts of the castle behind all those locked doors you cannot open, even if you do have the Alohomora spell.Dangerous dungeons or areas: There are times when teachers, instead of teaching you like they should, send you through crawlspaces to solve a dungeon to retrieve a spell book and get back to class. These dungeons are pretty short and do not require the puzzle solving skills you would need for Zelda games. I did have a major brain failure during Charms though, and I felt incredibly stupid afterward. There will be a few times where you have to explore the Forbidden Forest. The puzzle difficulty is lower than the dungeons, but the battles tend to be harder in my opinion.Brooms: Quidditch is really fun, but being constantly hit by bludgers (they're always after you!) can be a real pain when you're trying to boost speed. Leisure flying is by far the most fun you can have on a broom stick. My only complaint with leisure flying is that I wish you fly a little faster. Oh well.Collecting: Collecting is really fun for me. Then again, I love adventure games where you explore, collect lots of useless stuff and do pointless side quests for the sole reason of 100% completion. So collecting Wizard Cards was fun as hell. It is possible to NOT get 100% completion. If you want 100%, you have to search everywhere in places you KNOW you will not be returning (Burrow, Diagon Alley, etc).Sneaking: My least favourite part of the game, but isn't horrible. It can get pretty hard sometimes. Watch out, prefects will deduct house points if they catch you. Luckily the save feature makes this so much easier.The little things: You can see a trail of spiders leaving the castle and heading toward the Forbidden Forest. After each day, you see more spiders in the spider trail. I thought this was a very nice touch. Also, in certain areas on certain days when you're exploring the castle, you can hear a sinister voice coming from nowhere. Us Harry Potter fans know what this is, but I'm sure it will be scary for the newcomers. Again, I thought the voice was excellent and I'm glad they put it in.Bugs and Glitches: I've only encountered one moment where my game froze. It was during a certain nighttime objective where I had to leave the castle and walk the grounds. It wasn't too bad a bug seeing as how I was able to beat the game.Anyway. It's a fun game for Harry Potter fans. Adventure gamers should probably rent this first.
HP &amp; CoS has impressed me in every single aspect. Storyline, tasks, bonus, adventure everything! Though they need to fix the graphics a bit here and there. *grins*It is quite a challenging game to play, and involve using your head in all aspect. It isn't easy to win but it's fun trying trying to beat again and again. So, it ends up being one of the addictive games out there.This is so far one of the best game products from Harry Potter's product's line.
This game really kicks butt.The only complaint I have is that its just way to short.When you have to beat the monster,its really easy.The only hard part is figureing out how to kill it.On the first one,the ending battle is VERY tough,but this is pretty easy.But after you kill it,you have to do things to earn housepoints,and those are pretty hard.Overall,this game is awesome.SOOOO much better then the first!Remember to rent before you buy!Don't spend 50 bucks and hate the game!
This is a great price for the game and it was fun!! Now, I did have to use a few walkthroughs for parts of the game because some sections weren't explained well, but overall it was really great. Graphics are phenominal.
This game came very fast because Iliteraly just ordered itIt came in a white case and not the original one but is is still okRecommend to all who love Harry PotterLONG LIVE HARRY POTTER
This game was perfect! It wasnt too hard and it wasnt too easy. It was really fun and interesting to go through all the motions of Harry Potter. I played this game for hours and loved ever bit of it.
I really enjoyed this game.  Searching for secret passageways, collecting "every flavored beans" and playing the seeker.  It is fun for all ages.
TWICE I have attempted to order this PS2 game from www.Amazon.com through ToysRus.  It is listed in the PS2 game category but when order comes back to buyer states it is a CD-ROM game.  I reported this to www.Amazon.com and they stated the problem would be fixed IMMEDIATELY.  Obviously, the problem has not been fixed as yet.  Ensure that when you order this PS2 game, know what you are getting.  When I receive my order in the mail and it IS NOT a PS2 game as advertised (and receive in error the CD-ROM game), will most certainly be returning it to www.Amazon.com for a FULL REFUND!!
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets puts you right in the game. The graphics and voices are exactly like in the movie. (Draco Malfoy is still a hottie in the game)Even moaning Mertle is just like in the movies. At first you learn one spell from Fred and George Weasley, once you arrive at the burrow with Ron. The game is a challenge from the start. Meaning that it will never get boring. The graphics are just so good, that when you play quidditch, you feel like you are Harry on the broom. The night quests from Hermione become quite difficult to complete because of the prefects the are all over Hogwarts at night. If you get caught you lose five house points. (take advantage of this when you turn into goyle to get information from Draco. To make it easier to win the house cup, try to get caught on purpose many times, then you will be in the lead, and then Slytherin will have a harder time keeping up with Gryffindor.  Casting spells and learning them, are not easy. Once you get into Hogwarts you must go through a challenge to learn a new spell. None of them are easy to get. And yes, the part with the spiders, and the big spider, Aragog, and those graphics are awsome. Then you have to fight Aragog.Anyway, this games provides a strong source of entertainment and is definitally the game for HUGE harry potter fans, like me. I myself, am a fan of Emma Watson. And Draco Malfoy.This game deserves infinate stars!
it takes foreverrrrrrrr to load!!! thats my only complaint really. packageing and shipping was good and quick.highly recommend!!
i bought this game for my son, he is having a great time with it. he says that in general is awesome.
I loved this game.The pictures were very cool.Even though it is a very short game, you will be hooked on it.If you love Harry Potter you got to play this game.In this game you go to de-knoming knomes, to fighting the big snake.You get to play Quidditch, that was soooooo much fun!Trust me, if you love Harry Potter, you will love this so much.
I bought this game for my wife, because she is a Harry Potter nut! She loves it and has played it through multiple times. The spells and interface were great, along with great character animations, detailed environments, and -lets not forget- Quiditch (I can catch the snitch in 55 seconds).
The game is Super Cool Wicked Fun, the movie wasn't so great but the books were super cool wicked fun, the game is challenging and wicked cool super fun and is very wicked cool super fun for those who like the books or movie this is a very super cool wicked fun happy game for those who enjoy having super cool wicked fun.
I loved playing Harry and the animation, music, and settings are beautiful. I only wish the teachers played a more important part and Gilderoy exposed like in the book and movie.Also, Aragog was more tough to beat than the Basilisk, but still I enjoyed this game and have played it many times since.
This game is just like the movie, which is way cool to start with. One of the best things about the game is that you can do more than what they tell you to do, like if your supposed to be going to Defense Agaianst the Dark Arts class you could rather go exploring the castle or a take a ride on the Nimbus 2000 out side. I just trying to get the point that this game is really good and people from my little sisters age(5) to myself(14) will really like it. If you dont buy it now then rent it, and after you play you will definatly buy it!
To me, this game is among one of the very best out there in the fantasy action adventure puzzle solving genre.From the very beginning, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets captivated my attention. (This was mainly due to the fact that the graphics are just so colorful and vivid.) For the game begins with a well done action scene against a washer machine. Yes, it might sound silly, but that is really one of your first enemies that you fight against. And actually after that, the game really does take off into a fast paced action adventure game with some puzzle solving at times.As for difficulty, the game can at times present as a tad difficult, but normally this is all stemming from the reason of a puzzle, or a tough to beat foe in a duel. Most puzzles require the player to use the magic spells attained and stored by the main character to complete them. And onto the subject of enemies, the game's villains can normally be taken out with a magic spell or two unless you are fighting a boss fight. In this instance, you will need several more shots of attack. Bear in mind, this is all my opinion. Some people that have played this game might have thought that it was really easy, or very difficult.Sound wise, the game is very strong. Simply perfect sound effects are placed around the game, and when you destroy a glass jar, you hear the smashing of glass on a floor. When you clear away slime, yes, you hear a slurping, rubber band like sound. in addition, this excellent video game is accompanied by breath taking music composed by the legendary video game music writer Jeremy Soule.As stated before, the graphics are very colorful and honestly catch your eye. One thing to note though is that the character models, although well done, kind of look a bit dull in the face. I guess that EA didn't really spend a lot of time with facial design. But, this is considered an older game nowadays since it was released in year 2002. Just as a side note here, you spend most of your time in this game alone, and can only control the main wizard in the game, Harry Potter. If you are looking for a game that lets you control other characters, check into HARRY POTTER AND THE PRISONER OF AZKABAN. At least in this game you can control Ron and Hermione, two other the main characters in the Harry Potter world.In closing, I give this game five out of a total of five stars. Catchy music that includes the piano and violin, great graphics for its year and for the XBOX gaming console, a story that flows really well and is told through game play and cut scenes, and is not overly challenging in my opinion. Would I suggest that you pick up this game? Why sure.
It's a fun game if your playing on xbox 360 it lags a little bit but it does not really destroy the game
awesome and timely shipping game played awesome in my new system you had to be a little patient for the systems backward compatiability to kick in
It's the next best thing to happen to Harry.  Excellent game
I previewed this game recently and I am astonished at the quality of the graphics on the XBox platform! I reviewed the game on three different platforms (PS2, Gamecube and XBox) and the graphics are shockingly better on XBox. Gameplay is challenging, and although younger kids will no doubt have some problems with many of the button sequences, I think any child five or older will get something out of this game. There is no question this will be the hit of the holiday season, so order now before the lines form!
Yea hi. I'm 13 and a girl, your probubly thinking that I have better things to do with myself then write reviews on games that I probubly don't even have, well guess what, its 10:10PM and I don't (now your probulby thinking "Go play with your dolls"). Well I do infact have the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets PC Game. And I think that it is outstanding, the plot is a little iffy but the graphics, spells, character voices are outstanding. Plus it follows the book/movie (whichever you perfer) rather well. Some things have changed from the first PC Game, for example, when he waves his wand it is followed by a blue entracing of sparkles, and when you are learning a spell instead of dragging your "wand" along the line like a drug test, you press the up, down, right, and/or left keyboard arrows, you get many chances even if you screw up once. I have beaten the game but am currently stuck at when you have to escape the Slytherin Common Room without getting noticed, if it was me, I would just put a spell on them. So I give this game an overall rating of 5 stars (only because i can't do 4 1/2 and it deserves more then 4) and am giving my reccomendation to buy (or rent, you can buy later) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets on PC, PS2, Gameboy, etc.
Wow!! this game is so cool! I am a huge Harry potter fan so, I loved it. But even if your not that big of a fan you will still be blown away by the amazing storyline. The graphics are not to bad ethier, and I belive that it lives up to the GameBoyAdvance. So even if your not a fan you shold pick it up at Amazon.com. Go Harry Potter!!
I had this game when i was little and have been looking for it for a while but i finally found it and it was cheap.
This game is a lot of fun and I am a huge Harry Potter fan, I also have this game on Gamecube. There are differences between the Gamecube version of Chamber of Secrets and the Gameboy Advance version, actually there's a lot of differences on which the platforms this game in which it was released. However, I am only covering Gamecube Vs. Gameboy Advance and one main aspect that people rave about on the internet, the common question that people ask is"What Doors can I unlock with the "Alohomora" spell?"' In the GBA version there are doors and chests with locks on them and they require the Alohomora Spell. Where as in the the Gamecube, Playstation 2, Xbox and other platform versions of the game you can only unlock chests, and not doors. So the spell in the Gamecube and other platforms the spell is more of a decorative spell. Which stinks but I am under the assumption that Warner Bros and Electronic Arts had no time to actually put in some other elements and areas in the other platforms of the game since the game's release date coincided on the same day of the movie.  So you could still use the spell, but it has its limitations. Unfortantely they never fixed this problem until 2003 in the rerelease of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone for Playstation 2, Xbox and Gamecube. Its kind of Warner Bros fault to tell Electronic Arts they wanted the Harry Potter video games released on the same day of the movie. It would have just made more sense to have the games made after the release of the movies. But lets face it every game publisher and developer has there deadlines and can't take there sweet time making a video game. So I will cut WB and EA some slack but WB better be coming out with a boxed edition of these games for the series in the future, at least I hope so. I highly recommend this product! You won't regret it!
is this a game or heaven? is totally different from the first. The 3D graphics are outstanding. Includes everything from the book. Long enough. The game is SOOOOOOOOOOO cool. It has a replay value of over 10. overall, this game is the coolest.
I took this with me on my deployment and I must say I really enjoyed this game.  It had me hooked after the arrival at Hogwarts.  The graphics are pretty good for such a little screen and the controls weren't too hard.  No need to use cheats with this one... it can be done, even when you think you are stuck!
One of the better Harry Potter PC Games.  A big improvement over the first, without the needless complications of some of the later games. Recommended.
Harry potter is cool or should i say it is magical cause you must buy it.It is the best better than the last one this is more exiting,adventerous,magicalistic,faster and funnier so buy it.It will make your magic spells real and you can also buy an harry potter box it has a wand and some fantastic tricks and spells buy it from Toysrus,toymaster,james selby and argos and becarefull when your playing the game because there are things that you have never seen before like ghosts,real snakes,weasels and birds but harrys ablities will save you and you can also drive the weasleys family car and also remember you are brave like a lion because you are in griffindor they are lions.
An all around fun game to play. Will be ordering more games in the near future.both easy and challenging at the same time.
Unlike so many video games that bore my kids after a few minutes, this one keeps them engaged for a long time. The difference is that you really have to think to succeed in these games. The kids practice to build the skills they need to advance through games like broomstick flying lessons and spell casting. It challenges them AND it's fun!
This is one of the first games I've ever played, and I don't regret it. Between Quidditch, Mazes, and Gnome-throwing, I definitely give this game a triple thumbs up, borrowing a thumb from a friend. The only problem is the final boss, the Basilisk. The creators could have designed the Basilisk Boss to be like the movie, having to run down a sewer-like pipe to escape, running back onto the platform at ginnie, cutscene, then pick up the sword and attack the Basilisk.
This is a fantastic game. It's extremely detailed, and you will not be disappointed in the world of Harry Potter portrayed here. I won't reveal all of the things you will get to experience with this game, suffice it to say that the book and movie are throughly covered to the extent that nothing integral is omitted, unlike the other versions of the game. If you have a Playstation, you owe it to yourself to play this game and immerse yourself in the extraordinary world of Harry Potter.
this was a fun game better then pokemon thats for sure i beated this game 100 times its so easy and fun i think you would like it too.
In my opinion, Harry Potter is the best book series I have ever read in my whole life. The game I thought would be bad because that's how it usually is with games based on movies. But this is just terrific! Here's how I rated it:Graphics 4.5/5These graphics aren't so great, but are excellent for a GBC game. In a lot of games, It's just a bunch of people walking around. In this, you can see onther things like, stirring cauldrons, wand fights, and even throwing up slugs!Sound 3/5The sound in this game is pretty good. But, the music can occasianaly squeak. Somtimes an annoying jingle can also get stuck in your head.Gameplay 5/5The gameplay in this is excellent!! You can fly a car, fight with toasters, watch Dobby bang his head on walls, challenge Professor Flitwick, throw gnomes, visit Hagrid, go bowling, shop in Diagon Alley, catch pixies and many other things that make this game exciting.Violence Rate 2/5I myself don't like violence. I think it is a creul thing.But, I mainly made this section for worrying mothers. Don't worry! The only violence is killing the Basilisk near the end. Even that isn't that violent. The basilisk just falls down when it dies. NO BLOOD. When you fight other things, instead of dying, they just run away.Replay Value 5/5I have already beaten this game twice and I still play it very frequently. The nonstopping fun makes you want to play it 24/7! Even if you don't like Harry Potter, you will love this game!!Buy It. Trust Me. This game is worth it!Sincerely,Jeffrey Alan Cote'
i loved it because it reminded me of my  childhood where I had great times playing this game with my friends.
This is one of those rare games that is normally overlooked, but is in fact a rare gem in the world of Harry Potter related gaming. This game is a turn based rpg that is surprisingly very fun, and more importantly it is possibly the most honest adaptation of a book into a video game that there has ever been. I picked this game up at a local gamespot when I was about 15. I'm 22 now and can still pick it up and play it for hours on end.This is an absolute must have for any Harry Potter fan!
If you love Harry Potter, you'll love this game!!!  Even if you don't love Harry Potter, this game is so great and fun!
This game is an incredible game, this almost better then the Gameboy Advance version there's more to do compared to the Gameboy Advance version or the Gamecube version though each has it's positives and negatives. Graphically speaking for the Gameboy Color this is very appropriate but otherwise by today's standards on consoles like the Nintendo 3DS or PSP Vita, not so much but it was awesome back in the day of Gameboy Color. I actually play this game on Gameboy Advance SP because of the back light on it, as well the rechargeable battery, though that's just my personal preference.What's makes the GBC version of this game better then the GBA version is the fact you run into these sparkling blue clouds and have official encounters (The screen changes and you are put into a duel like setting, you ether duel alone or with ether Ron or Hermonie or both.)  The A/I (Artificial Intelligence) enemies have a health bar and you have to win the encounter by depleting that health bar by picking spells your given in the game (overtime those spells power up, as your Health Points (HP) and Magic Points (MP) level up), You also get to face Students in the Dueling Club. So essentially you get stronger and the game becomes significantly easier.In the GBA version you run around and do different tasks and you do face different enemies but your constantly going through the menu to change spells at certain points in the game, and enemy encounters are unofficial. In the GBC version you do have tasks but you have official encounters and it starts at the Durselys and eventually as the game progresses you go to Hogwarts.**Key*GBC = Gameboy Color*GBA = Gameboy Advance*GBA SP = Gameboy Advance SPThere's some positives and negatives to this game with some acceptation which are as follows:Negatives:A.) Unable to Return to the Main Menu after Saving and Quitting a game: You can't save quit a game and then return to the main menu, instead you have to first save your game with one acceptation (Acceptation: One cannot be in an encounter during game save, as the pause menu doesn't appear during an encounter.) Then turn off your GBC, GBA or GBA SP or whichever of these gameboys you're using and then turn it back on. It is a pain in the tosh, but thats how the Gameboy works.B) Manually deleting game files: You can't manually delete game files. (Acceptation: however you can start over on a game and it will start over at the beginning of the story only you will be stronger and you won't have to start at level 1 each time and then level up as you go through encounters.C) Dying in an encounter: If you die in an encounter and do not save before a said encounter say for example before a Quidditich match then it is most likely you will have to replay a Quidditich match, but likewise you die in an encounter before a class or any said event then you will have to repeat said event.D.) Dying in the Forbidden Forest or The Chamber of Secrets: If you die in the Forbidden Forest OR in the Chamber of Secrets then you have to start over and walk back from the beginning of forest all the way to where Aragog is located. In the Chamber of Secrets the same applies, if you die in the encounter with the Basilisk  all the way back to the chamber to Ginny, Tom Riddle, Fawkes and the Basilisk.E) Skipping Scenes and Dialogue: You can't skip the dialogue of a scene when one or more characters are talking and instead you have to just press the A button or Select button quickly so that way you can get to the battle or to move on to another task.Positives:A.) Trading Famous Witches And Wizards Cards: This game does allow you to trade Famous Witches and Wizards cards with a friend who has a copy of the game when you connect your GBC or GBA to another GameBoy Color, Gameboy Advance or Gameboy Advance SP.B.) Famous Witches And Wizards Card Categories: If you get certain cards in a category like "Potions" then you go to the Hogwarts Collector's Club on the 5th floor in the game and get something out of the chest which will have a picture from that category giving you a reward.This is just for concerned parents:Gaming violence and Enemies: After an encounter enemies just run away when you defeat them accept the basilisk the giant poisonous snake at the end who just dies but no blood of any kind is shown. This game is rated E for Everyone for Adults and Children.Final Thoughts and ratings:Graphics: 3/5Story: 5/5Gameplay:4/5When I bought this game I bought it used no box or manual, though this is not my first time I ever owned it. I used to have this game and forget who it was from and what the occasion was. But for some reason after a while I got sick of it, and forget what I did with it, but that was a long time ago and now that I have it again I am going to keep it. I love this game and it didn't cost very much it was $3.00 which is a good deal. I love this game, and I know any HP fan of the book or movie or anyone who loves Nintendo Gameboy Color or any Gameboy related games, accessories and other items would love this game, it is a must have. So buy it you won't regret it! So
The Game so far is awesome, looking for things, battling, and learning new spells. I pretty much love everything Harry Potter, so it wasn't really a surprise that I like this game so much.... Who am i kidding, BUY it BUY it NOW!!!
i saw this game on sale for seven dollars at a local going-out-of-business sale recently, and as a closet harry potter fanatic, i thought i'd pick it up and be mildly amused for an hour or two. little did i know i'd still be playing this underrated gem months later.i was surprised at the depth, humour and charm this game offers. lets face it, most licensed games are utterly stinky, but EA has really outdone themselves here. &quot;harry potter&quot; is an engaging, challenging RPG simple enough for younger gamers and witty enough for older ones as well.
Reminds me of final fantasy. This is a really fun RPG, but it only takes about 10 hours to beat. There are many mini games to be played once they have been unlocked.
If you are a Harry Potter fan who is a gamer, this is a must have. It allows you to explore the "sport" of Quidditch in ways that you can't do in the books or see in the movies where Quidditch gets limited screen and page time. There are solo practices, Hogwarts games, and then you can even go into the Quidditch World Cup as you advance in the game. You have quests and collections, too, which always adds to a game to me where you can see your progress.Don't think that this is just a simple game made for HP fans only. It is actually a very extensive game not quickly thrown together. If you like sports games, even if you've never read HP or even know what Quidditch is, I still think you would enjoy this game because it is challenging and nonstop action. I do know that I advanced to the Quidditch World Cup but didn't finish then I came back to it later and I had to start from the beginning again because the World Cup part is so super difficult and lightning quick that even though my progress was saved, it was too difficult to pick back up after a break. You can sit and play this for hours just like with any other sports game like Madden, for example.I mean, it's a GameCube game but I'm writing a review for it in 2012. Why? Because it deserves the great reviews it has and it's one that I can still enjoy almost a decade later.
this game is really cool you get to fight at different places like japan or france or many other places you get to chose your teams and you get to earn wizard cards to earn your broomstick or team like you can have a nibus 2000 or 2001 or even a firebolt the higher you are the harder it gets but its really fun this is like the best sports game ever well thats my opinion but this is better then harry potter and the prisoner of askaban or chamber its really cool. i hope this review was helpful enough.
If you or any member of your family are fans of the Harry Potter series then this game is a must!  Fun got everybody and a good value.
I bought this game for my Game Cube, even though I was really hesitant about getting it.  I really found quidditch to be difficult when playing "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" and I was afraid that this game would be more of the same torture.It turns out that I was most pleasantly wrong.  I am having the most fun playing this game, and I am in the middle of the World Cup as we speak.  The graphics are fantastic, the sound effects are good, and the controls are fairly easy to learn.  I know that some people have complained about playing quidditch just for catching the snitch, but I don't have a problem with that.  I'm still learning the game, so I'm not going to get the most goals every time, and there's still a chance the computer can catch the snitch and beat me even if I do have more goals.I haven't played around with the two player mode, but as someone else said, the one player mode is immensely satisfying on its own.  What a winner!
Trying to make a magical game from a book into a video game = BAD IDEA . IT invloves doing tricks on a broom to avoid being attacked and that is it. I wish this site would show things like this to tell it is a bad game look at somehing else anyway throwing a ball though rings is all you do. But if you want your kid to stop playing Xbox playstation and gamecube buy this game they will HATE IT just like ME! Then they might not like video games anymore.- SincerelyJohn SmithP.S. Amazon Person please do what I said about telling about how bad things are too. I just wasted 5 minutes if you don't O.K. CYA i am out
In my head, I've been clamoring for this game since I first read through the Potter books in 2001.  Quidditch is simply too well-realized a sport not to enjoy a video game incarnation; now, finally, we Muggles can play it whenever we wish.From the first tutorial training challenges, Quidditch World Cup is immensely satisfying.  The character animations and special effects are breathtaking, always worth the brief cutscene following any special move.  Controlling the three chasers (the only position over which you have direct control until the end of a match) is simple and intuitive, though passing can get tricky at times.  Whacking a bludger at an opposing chaser is always a sadisitic good time, and chasing down the snitch at the end of the match is appropriately exciting.Are there problems with Quidditch World Cup?  Absolutely.  Most glaring is the utter lack of customization options, a staple for any respectable sports title.  There is no way to slow down or speed up the snitch meter (when the meter fills up, the snitch chase begins, thus ending the match), and no storage of team or player statistics.  These are minor gripes, and EA has plenty of time to resolve them in a sequel.  All in all, these problems would probably only be an issue to non-Potter fans, who won't buy the game anyway.All said and done, Quidditch World Cup is a charming and addictive realization of the fictional sport.  And seeing as it's the only way any of us is ever going to get to take a turn on a Firebolt, it's at the very least a must-rent for Potter fans.
I had the opportunity to play the game for a few hours today and couldn't be more pleased. I've decided to break down the game into a sort of rating system.Graphics: A-- The stadiums are amazing, especially Spain's (in my opinion). The characters are very, very well done, with individual faces and likenesses. The reason I can't give it a higher grade is because there are ocasional flaws. When you're trying to catch the snitch or sending a bludger at someone the graphics change a bit.Gameplay: A- It's exactly like the quidditch that you see in the movies or read in the books. During the game you are prominantly a chaser, trying to score the goals. The chasers have a variety of moves, passes, and shots, most of which you need to earn by doing a skills thing before you play your first game. During a game you can become a beater and send a bludger at the opposing chasers. This was the hardest part to grasp because you have to actually direct the bludger with the directional stick so that it avoids the beaters trying to defend the chaser and actually achieves the goal of knocking the quaffle into your hands. There is a meter at the top of the screen that indicates when the seekers are getting closer to the snitch. I still am not sure how this works but apparently you can give your seeker a better chance by doing certain things during the matches. Kind of like a momentum shift. You actually become the seeker at the end of the match and try to snatch the snitch away from the other seeker. It's actually very tough despite the fact that you are given a sort of track to follow. During the game, when a special move is done, it will sort of take over the screen and show you what happened. It is actually a really cool feature once you get used to it.Replay value: B+My friend and I won the quidditch world cup with England. You have to play four Hogwarts matches and then 17 World Cup matches, unlocking stadiums and cards that help you buy new brooms and such. At the end you unlock another level, which you play with the hogwarts teams. It's going to take you a while to beat the whole game with all the teams so I'd have to give replay a good rating.overall its a great game and i definitly recommend it, especially to Harry Potter fans.
WHAT A HOOT!!!Cool format, great graphics. Fun game.I think a very well done one at that. Very playable and addictive.Not being a complete video game junkie, or caring much for sports games in general, I found this to be just wonderful! A great melding of entertainment, graphics, playability, fantasy, team play and fun!
I'm a HUGE HP fan, and I have any and everything involved with the series.  This game is fun, and is challenging depending on who you're playing.  It involves so much strategy, too!
I am not a huge Harry Potter fan, but the franchise is well known and everyone loved the movies. But, how about a video game? I really like video games and this Qudditch game rocks. You can play on Gryffindor, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw. Before the games you have training. Mostly to do with seekers or chasers. The game of course takes place in a great array of locations, such as the stadiums and fields and characters from the series are in this game as well. The game is 5 stars because it is a sport mixed with creativity. A sport on a broom.....an odd sport, but  a  real "Quidditch player" will like the game.The game has real good graphics and will allow the new gamers and old ones  like the game. If you have read the books, watched the movies, and saw the movie trailers, you will know the sport Quidditch. Now, what did I think of it overall? The game has it's up's AND down's, maybe it can require a Zoom In feature, because most of the graphics on screen are a ways away.So, if you want to have a game that will last you long, I highly recommend it to any gamer, old and new. It is rated 'E' for Everyone.
This game is really fun and easy to pick up for any Harry Potter fan. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys the books or movies and wants to get into the action of Quidditch.
I think it's a very challenging game because once you get to use certain brooms it begins to get slightly harder.  The Hogwarts challenges are what they are....challenging.  The gold rated cards are pretty hard to get especially on the bludger challenge.  When you play versus mode thats when the fun really kicks in and things get really crazy.  This game is also a mixture of soccer and football, except your in the air.  Hope you like the game and have found this very helpful.
This is avery very good game buy it and you can look the Quidditch Worl Cup
I love this game, playing as all the characters and not having to fly through those stupid rings.  Being able to use special moves is fun too.  I just bought it today and have only played as Gryffindor, but I can tell already that this was a perfect game to buy and I'm glad to have added it to my collection.  Every HP fan should own this!
I've been looking for this game for three years now, and they finaly made it. Now I'll tell you why I'm so exited. This is a Harry Potter game that breaks away from the books to focus on Quidditch. It is increadible, in all the other games all you got to do was fly through hoops after the snich. In this game that all changes, you start out at hogwarts allright, but you can pick any of the positions on the team, which are played to the extent they were meant to. After that, if your good enough, you could just get on a national team and play for the World Cup! This is one of those games you just have to have.
I have never played this game on any other system then Gamecube. This is a good game and ever since I first read Harry Potter Quidditch is one of those sports in Harry Potter that really who couldn't see in a video game format? I love how it follows all the rules as it does in the original book and first two movies in the series and while this was a game that was made while the third movie was being made, I don't really mind. I always thought though if this game had sold well and became Player's Choice title back in the Gamecube era then it would have been great if they had made a sequel to it following books three, four and so on. Its too bad but you know what I love this game just for what it is. Warner Bros and EA nice job, This is an awesome game!
La entrega fue muy rapida, el articulo llego en perfectas condiciones, la experiencia fue magnifica los felicito e invito a mantener regularidad en esto.
This is utterly the best game ever made. Who gives a ___ if the speed is slow. Who cares if its easy. What the heck. nothings bad about harry potter quidditch world cup!!!!!!!
I am almost sure that you will love this game, weather you are a die-hard Harry Potter fan or just looking for a enjoyable game.
Yesterday,my parents bought me Quidditch World Cup. I hoped it was going to be cool. I tried it out and it was soooooo awsome! The controls were comfortable, it was not too challenging, yet no to easy.You could feel the exhilaration because it was just what I imagined in the books. It was life like too. When I tried catching the snitch, my heart beated faster. I definately recommend this for Harry Potter lovers!!
I've played alot of video games and but there isn't one even close to Quidditch. It's not just playing in a quidditch match either. There are different challenges to complete that help make you a better player and gives you cards to get higher levels of play. I love the aspect that you can play all players. From watching the movie I thought the only interesting player was the seeker, but now I know that I would definately be a beater, but a chaser is very fun too. There are tons of places to play and every stadium is extremely different from one another. The first day I got it I played it for 8 hrs straight, but the only downside is that my thumb got a blister :( Otherwise this is one of the best games ever. I highly recommend it.
My son got this game for Christmas 2003.  We had rented it several times during the fall and my 6 year old got very good at the game very quickly.  He has now gotten to the World Cup matches and selects this game over and over again for a quick match or extended play.  I am more of a Scooby and traditional Harry gamer where the game requires a lot of searching and thought.  This game is pure skill that can be developed quickly. Its a terrific game. We all play it.
This game is a really cool game my girlfriend plays it all the time and she loves it I would recommend this to everyone
Product arrived promptly and was in the good condition promised.  I purchased it for my grandson and he is thoroughly satisfied with it. Thank you for a quick and smooth transaction.
This game needs more appreciation. I think it really captures the essence of Quidditch and successfully brings it to the video game world. I love how each country's team has its own special moves and fields.
My son says, " This is a fun game.  It has really good graphics, and I like the variety of teams, players and locations."  I like it that it has several different levels of complexity to satisfy beginning through very adept video players. Very enjoyable.
**CAN'T WAIT!!**  I thought pretty much the same that the Chamber of Secrets was definately the better of the two movies and things really got FLYING with the Quidditch game!!  It was so exciting feeling the vertigo and speed of the screen shots - I am really looking forward to this experience in the game.  I saw the movie with my youngest son who actually looks like Harry Potter and has Harry Potter EVERYTHING!!!  See what kids do to ya?!!  You get to have lots of fun with them and thanks to Rowlings, the movie and game producers you get to have more in common with them!!  Currently in a computer gaming developement course, I can't wait to evaluate this one...!!
As old as this game is, I never had a chance to play it or buy it up until now. Being a long time Harry Potter fan, I decided to try this out. And it is TONS of fun and can be challenging. You start off at Hogwarts and can play as any of the four houses. The best part if you don't have to choose between Seeker, Chaser, etc. You can be ALL of them in the game.It sorta switches you. You are the chasers through most of the game, and a beater when you press the Square button. You are the Seeker at the end when the snitch bar fills up.When you level up enough you can play a variety of countries in the Qudditch world cup (I play as England). You unlock new brooms with Qudditch cards and unlock the option of being Viktor krum.It's a great game, lots of fun and not too hard or easy.
I'm currently going through a nostalgic phase in my young adult life. I've ordered tons of Playstation 2 and Gameboy color games. I went to every Bookmens in town and couldn't find any of the games that once filled me with childlike euphoria. With that said I ordered this and paid for expedited shipping. The shipping speed was faster than a Nimbus 2001! Not to mention the game was in pristine condition, booklet and all. Clearly they have Wizards working at the Bookmens this shipped from who know the 'Oculus Reparo' spell. Ready to relive my glory days as a World Cup winner!
this game is so cool! i just rented it and i want to buy it!i can see where people that did not read the books they would not understand the game, so i think this game is best if your a potter fan. anyway....5 stars all the way!
Quidditch World Cup is basically a sports game. This isn't my genre, but since I spent an extra 6 hours more than needed on Chamber of Secrets fooling around with Gnome-flinging, flying and Quidditch, I thought I'd give this a shot.Now I find the game to be extremely addicting.The basic gameplay is simple. It suits me just fine, although some sports genre enthusiasts might wish for more, such as vertical control. Perhaps in a sequel.The International Teams are colorful and amusing. The first three offered up as a choice (US, England and Japan) are also the three countries with the biggest HP/videogame markets. The themes of the various fields reminds me of Disney World's Epcot World Showcase. Colonial for the US, Bavarian for Germany. However, given the castle and wizard theme of Harry Potter this doesn't seem out of order.Scoring against the other teams is amazingly easy. Most players will find themselves with scores like 460 to 10. However, it'll be fun and the frustration level is low. Once the Comet 360 level is beaten a special 2-player level using the Hogwarts Teams called "Queerditch" will unlock. With another human player, the game stops being easy and scoring is low, making the dependance on the Snitch more like the books. This will satistfy those who get bored with easy wins.
I love this game and It works like new. I looked at the back and from what I can tell there were no scratches almost as if the game had never been played! I am reading the books now and It really gave me a desire to play quidditch and this game let's me do just that!
If you are a die hard Harry Potter fan, this is the game for you!!  Finally, they put out a game devoted entirely to the wild wizard game quidditch.  The effects are amazing and the game play is nothing short of excellent.  Both children and adults alike will enjoy hours of game play with this latest version of Harry Potter games.
This was a perfect product from a perfect seller, I would definitely buy from this seller again, super fast shipping also
Playing this game is a real treat! There is nothing better than playing the Magical Pastime of quiditch. It is really amazing because it's like you're in the magical world. This game is one of  the most fun things I've ever done, but what's really great is how you can actually go to the World Cup.Harry Potter: Quidditch World Cup is also unique because it is the first Harry Potter game with a Multiplayer option. This is one of the funnest parts about this game. You can battle a freind and crush him. Imagine you playign the Multiplayer Madden 2004, NBA LIVE, and NHL Hockey all rolled into one, in the Air...Pretty Cool,huh?This game is unlike any sports games ever made, and that's why it will never be topped. Any sports fan, no matter if you like Harry potter or not, will love this game, it's just like a mix of basketball, football and hockey on a broomstick.Overview:Fun-13/10, the multiplayer really gives it an excellent edge.Gameplay- 11/10 Nice gameplay, and cool to do awesome moves.Graphics- 10/10 just like watching the Harry Potter MoviesDifficulty-11/10 Starts of Boring when you're playing the Hogwarts teams, but get's progressively harder.Overall- 45/40, AMAZING game.Amazing game, amazingly fun..Buy this great game, there is no sports game comparable to this game...it is very fun, not to metion difficult. BUY THIS GAME!!!
This is a great game and it keeps my kids entertained for hours.  It is worth every penny.
The graphics are amazing. If you don't have &quot;Quidditch Through The Ages&quot; its a little confusing. The game is cool. If I had a 6th star I'd give it. Its like your realy on a broom!!!
The first time I played this game was at my freinds house and i couldnt stop playing it! I mean this game has everything i would expect a quidditch game to have.Like in the other harry potter games the only thing you can do is control hary and thats all!  But in this game you have complet contol over every one! You can hit a bludger at some one, you can score with the quafful.The specil moves in this game are great you cant even hit people off there brooms for a short period of time.and the varity of the teams in this game is great you can be US or england.To make a long story short if your a potter fan or even just a vidio game fan this game is a must own!
Considering that EA has a monopoly on sports games, and frankly far too many for me to care about this was a fresh look at something cool. I will stand by the EA is the worst gaming company in terms of Customer service, but as for the games they make, they are great. This is no different. If you loved the game of quidditch from HP then this is the game for you. Play as your favorite team from Hogwarts and in the World cup as various teams ranging from USA to France and Belgium and many more. A Must for HP fans
Heck ya, Quidditich for PS2 and I would rather go and get that game than go and get that candy at night yaaa. If they made Bludgers, Quaffels, Broom sticks, and Snitchs in real life  I would get them. It's my favourite thing about Harry Potter. It's a great sport and I think J.K. Roleing is a Pure genuise for making Quidditch. But this is a great sport and I sugest you get this game because it will be the funest game I have.  5*'s all the way yaaa, *****...
At first I was skeptical of whether quidditch could be captured in a video game.  Truth be told, I have not been blown away by the movie versions of the game.  Even so, being a HP fanatic, and knowing that I have enjoyed the Harry Potter Chamber of Secrets XBOX game, I went and bought Qudditch World Cup the day it was released.  What a pleasant surprise!  The graphics are incredible--ok, they are not like Halo or Prince of Persia, but they are VERY impressive--and the gameplay is easy to pick up but challanging to perfect.  It IS ridiculously easy to win the Hogwarts Quidditch Cup, but when you get to the World cup, you can choose the level of difficulty. If you choose to play on a Comet broomstick, the gameplay remains very similiar to that at Hogwarts.  If you opt for a Nimbus 2000, the gameplay is much faster and much more difficult!  As you progress through the game, you have the oppurtunity to unlock a Nimbus 2001 and, of course, the coveted Firebolt.  I was amazed at the number of teams offered, and the different quidditch stadiums are a blast!  Voice Acting is excellent.  The music can be kind of annoying--it is way too dramatic--just imagine the mission impossible music, and you have a pretty good idea!  They should at least have stuck with the music from the movies.  Just don't expect anything like in the Lord of the Rings games, where the music is as much of a pleasure to listen to as the game is fun to play.  Overall, an extremely entertaining game, and a must have for any Harry Potter fan.  However, if you have any doubts, I recommend renting it first, as even the best game is not for everyone.  ENJOY!
I got this for the DS it is a lot of fun! My children play more games than I do but they decided to hook me up with this one because it doesn't take great skill and it's easy to follow. I really enjoyed myself and will play it again and again.
My son is a huge Harry Potter fan and loved this game. He gets to play for 30 min after school if he does well.
This is a brilliant game featuring harry and others playing Quidditch.If you win the world cup you can play in queerditch march where quidditch was first played.Lively game with great commentating in the world cup from Ludo Bagman and his special guest.There are special moves for every team.
This game is going to be so cool!  I have seen the trailer, played the demo, and this is going to be sweet.  If you played any Harry Potter game you will love this.  It's like playing one of the games but with more quidditch features, new characters, new equipment, new teams, etc.  Trust me, it's going to be good!
As a fan of the books, I was determined to try to keep an unbiased view of the game before I played it, and I was pleasantly surprised at how unnecessary that was.I was worried how the gameplay would work; it seemed impossible to program a fair computer Seeker, and since the difference between Chasers and Beaters were so big (Beaters don't even touch the ball) I was baffled as to how they'd keep a game with such separate elements cohesive and fair.The game revolves primarily around the chasers, with the gameplay having the feel of a 3 on 3 hockey game.  With features like &quot;combos&quot; you can even do what would be the equivalent of a slapshot.  The shooting and passing are pretty intuitive.What's very interesting is that you're rewarded for the complexity of your gameplay.  &quot;Combos&quot; (kind of a long chain of assists), normal goals, and other touches you add to your style of play affect the &quot;snitch&quot; bar, which is how much boost your seeker gets.  The way it works is, once two halves of the snitch bar meet, the game goes into &quot;seeker&quot; mode, which is a race between the two seekers to get the snitch.  This race is affected by aforementioned boost, and some kind of snitch &quot;slipstream&quot; which makes you go faster.  So, just like in &quot;real&quot; Quidditch, a deficit of 140 points can change with the catch of the snitch, but because of the way the game is designed, it's harder to catch the snitch if the other team has scored better or has more goals than you to begin with.I was disappointed that you can't play as Ireland, which is one of the major teams in the book.  Why this is, I have no idea.  You can play as the one of the four houses at Hogwarts to win the house cup, and then win tickets to &quot;attend&quot; the World Cup, where you choose a World Cup team and play as them.  The World cup mode is pretty exhausting, however, as it's 18 games long.  What is also pretty cool is that your points are cumulative, so if you completely demolish one team (I beat Australia 400 to 0) it affects your rankings, and conversely, if you only lose by a little (say, 160 to 130), you don't go down in ranking as badly if you had been completely shut out.There are some hangups with the game: the celebratory cut scenes and seeker catches have the same animations for each team, so after awhile you'll get tired of them.  So far, I haven't found a way to change players, which is silly, but this oddly doesn't matter as much in the long run, as it changes them automatically based on ball proximity.The graphics are great, the stadiums incredible, and you'll find yourself wishing you could watch a couple rounds of Quidditch on ESPN.Also, I'd like to note that on this Amazon page, a lot of people gave favorable reviews then gave no stars.  If you're interested in buying it I'd recommend it, but if the fact that it has a low ranking is bothering you, go through the reviews and see for yourself that the ranking should be higher.
In my opionion, Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup is a great game, and a great buy. You can play all 7 positions on the team. I never get tired of this game; there are many teams from the Hogwarts 4 houses to Bulgaria, England, the U.S, France and many more. Level difficulty is decided upon by which broomstick selected. You can also try  to accomplish certain goals set, which unlock cool moves and special quidditch fields, etc., by getting the quidditch card. The graphics are great, as is the gameplay. I would suggest it for all ages, even smaller children or older folk. It's easy to learn and the difficulty is selected by you. I recently completed the game with Spain on the easiest setting. Now, I'm playing through with France on the next difficulty, which is quite a step up. It takes a long while to complete the game with one team; you must play each country twice or so, if I remember correctly, equaling about 32 games, take or add. Each country also has its own quidditch field, which actually is quite realistic to the real life countries feautured in the game. I do not believe this is a game you should rent before buying. I also don't believe this is a game non Harry Potter games should stay away from. Even if you don't like HP, I think you will love this game.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone game for Playstation 2 is a very nice improvement. It is a remake of the old Playstation 1 version. I must say i played the PS1 version and I found much too difficult. This version is much more well balanced. While its not too easy and not too hard, it will have its few very challenging parts. I find the two hardest parts is battling the Venomus Tentactular and Voldemort.You cannot travel in Diagon Alley but you can wander about Olivander's Wand shop. Even more exciting you can choose your wand.When you collect Every Flavor beans, which you use to trade for items in Fred and George's shop, Harry says the flavor of each beam out loud.Another fun part is the wizard cards you can collect. With each 20 cards you get any extra life. Make sure you have at least 5 to 6 lives at the end of the game to be able to win.You can interact with Ron, Hermione, Snape and Hagrid. You play Qudditch after Halloween and Christmas and when you recieve your Nimbus you can fly freely around the grounds.You can also use your Invisibility cloak during Christmas to sneak passed Filch and Mrs. Noris, not to mention a load of prefects.The game is alot of fun, has its hard parts but it overall fairly balanced for kids and adults alike. Its a must have for Hary Potter fans.Also the best part of this game is it barely needs to load! Unlike its two sequels, Chamber of Secrets and Prisoner of Azkaban, it doesn't have to load when Harry walks through a door.The only time it needs to load is for a new day or night, a Spell book mission or Hagrid's Garden.You can learn spells such as Flipendo, Lumos, Spogify, Diffindo, Incendio, etc. Its a very magical game and alot of fun
If you are a Harry Potter fan I believe you will like this game a lot...very fun and easy to play and understand
Harry Potter rules enough said but truth is told this game was a very exceptional one for being the first in the series and is necessary have for all Harry Potter Fanatics around the world.
I bought this game for my nephew for christmas it took me a while to find it cause it is a collectors item. The game arrived on time and in perfect condition I was very pleased with it. My nephew loves it played it most of the night on christmas eve if that tells you anything.
To be completely honest, I haven't actually played it that much.  And it's not quite the same as when I was twelve and I first played /Chamber of Secrets,/ I mean, I guess I'm not really as immersed, but I think that's because I'm less of a Harry Potter afficionado/lover now that it's not as relevant to my life, so it's not the same experience.  And I think that's a pretty substantial reason why I'm not as into this game, although I guess it isn't quite as good as /Chamber of Secrets/ was either, even ignoring all that, partly due to the fact that, I mean, I think it's a derivative, I'd heard that somewhere.  It's weird, because that's the thing, the reason I say it's not as good independent of the personal reasons that fuel my gaming apathy in this situation, is because it plays like a predecessor, in that it's more rudimentary, in terms of controls, and dialogue, and general design/sophistication.  But I'm sure it gets going, and I'll get into it when I pick it back up.  It's Harry Potter.  So I guess I gave it 5/5 on good faith.
i think this game is entertaining. a must for all potterites
The item came in excellent condiction, it looked like it was brand new. Great game too, for an outdated console tho
I got bored and bought all the hRRY POTTEER games and turned out I liked plying them wasn't bad dand good time waster! went along with the book and not really the movie on some but for most part fun to play
Great product,  this game is so comforting and such a huge nostalgia high. I would highly recommend, definitely worth every penny.
This game is awsome im telling u it is amazing. i didnt think that they would make part 1 because they just skipped to 2.this game starts by harry in diagon alley im not sure but alot of people told me or at hogwarts but im 99% sure that u will start in diagon alley. your going to play quidditch, master spells,and best of all in the end u have to get past fluffy, get rid of the devil snare, get the key, cross the chessboard, drink the potion, and kill professer quirrel and much more. i should tell u that if u like adventure and action games than ur gonna love it if not u'll still love it but the best thing in it is that u get to DUEL!!!!!!!!!!but u i think u wont duel alot but im not so sure. i'm going to upgrade everymonth so be sure u come back!
Gamecube Console Platinumget this for a game and i hope to play this game
Disk worked perfectly and shipped quickly. I am extremely satisfied. Plus, there is nothing better than the classic Harry Potter games, especially for Gamecube.
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE PLAYED A GAME LIKE THIS AND IT DESERVES A 5 STAR
OK So I realize how critical I've been towards these games as a series. I finally got the opportunity to play this game. I really think for its time this game is pretty good. Before I bought this game I made the choice to read reviews for the game. Every review I read was different and every opinion was different but one review caught my eye and the reviewer was talking about this title being better than its sequel Chamber of Secrets and at first I was like scratching my head like "Huh? What? What is this person saying?" So then I left a comment on the review because in my mind the review made no sense. But after playing the game now I was beginning to understand what that review really meant. Even though it said that Sorcerer's Stone was better than Chamber of Secrets which was the person's opinion, what the person actually implied was the year it came out vs. the chronological order of the series. See Chamber of Secrets came out in 2002 and Sorcerer's Stone first came out in 2001 for PC, Playstation, Gameboy Color (GBC), Gameboy Advance and Mac OS X following the release of the film. Then EA later announced a remake of this exact same title (with respect in the UK this title being called Philosophers Stone, and in the US Sorcerer's Stone) for Gamecube, Xbox and PS2 came out in 2003. Which now makes sense to me since this title is still the first game in the series but the Gamecube version along with its Xbox and PS2 counter parts were released later.Now let me talk about the game, first of all like the other HP games on Gamecube like 2,3 & 4 this game relies on the spells in the game all rely on being assigned to different buttons and in this case the B,Y and X buttons and they don't have to be assigned to specific buttons they can be assigned to any as long as it is B, Y or X. .Whats really nice about this game is the Alohomora spell issue is resolved allowing you to unlock doors unlike its sequel game Chamber of Secrets where you could not unlock doors but could  unlock chests otherwise you waste 80 Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans (BBEFB). Yeah I know wow how much stupider could companies like Warner Bros and Electronic Arts get? Well, I will cut these companies some slack since for every video game company making a video game based on a movie well every video game has a deadline and thats completely understandable, besides I am sure if Warner Bros wanted or wants to make changes to the game and make a deal with Electronic Arts then they will. Too bad this game will never be on future consoles oh well I prefer old over new any day of the week.The game is more tricky than its sequel and can be tough but well worth the challenge and worth the money Overall I love this game and boy was it a difficult find but I love it and it's staying in my ever expanding collection of Gamecube games. However since this is such a rare game it can still be worth some cash even if it's used for me this game with the cost of shipping was altogether $30.00. I bought it from Source Media on Amazon.com so that was nice. Here's what makes me really happy about this purchase first of all this game was in an original Nintendo Gamecube case not a generic case, Inside the case being was the disc, manuel, precautions booklet, and had the original cover art and even though the seller said it was like new, it was more like used and in good condition. But the Disc was like new and had 0 scratches. Overall I am very happy with this product and will stay in my Gamecube collection and along with the other Harry Potter games I own for Gamecube and Wii.
Amazing game, brings back many childhood memories. A must play for all harry potter fans! Going to play the full collection.
I highly recommend this game. It was fun and entertaining. The disc game itself was "like new" when I played it. I didn't encounter any problem while playing it.
Just recieved this item in time for the holidays, I was really starting to worry if it would get here in time, but thanks to Amazon.com there was no reason to worry. Thank you Amazon.com!
I was so glad to find Gamecube game that my nephews love. They are so very pleased with the purchase and are having a wonderful time playing the game. Thank you
It is a great game to play and you can use it in a Wii or game cube.Kids had fun.
What A GREAT Game! Though There May Not Be Quiditch in it it follows the plot line of the book better than the movie does itself!This Game Rocks and it comes with a free movie ticket in it! This game is short and no bad parts with the teh guys everywhere! This game even has reasonable pricing! You also have a variety of characters to interact with! Play as Hermione,Ron or of course Harry Potter in this amazing Adventure game great graphics and music really make this game a winner look below to see my rating scale of this game!You Can Fly Buckbeak TOO!*-Awful**-Ehh***-Mediocre****-Go Rent It*****-Go Buy It...Now!Sound-*****Graphics-*****Plot-*****Price Reasoning-****Gameplay-*****-Thanks Hope this helps all you POTTER FANATICS!THIS GAME IS RATED E FOR EVERYONE
good games like moviesyou can play harry, ron, hg
This is hands down the best Harry Potter game that I have purchased. The disk worked perfectly and shipped quickly. I am extremely satisfied.
I Love This Game!  My son rented it a long time ago, and we took turns playing.  He loves it as well.  When we had to return it, we said that we would but it off of Amazon, and so we did.  To this day, we love playing it.  It is not as complex as the 2nd Harry Potter game, but we still love it.
I've played all three of the Harry Potter video games, and I've got to say that I like this one the best. This game is just like the movie, directed by Alfonso Cuar&oacute;n, except you make everything happen.One of the things that I like better about this game is that you can play as Harry, Ron, or Hermione. Each character has his own strengths and weaknesses. There are new spells to learn and cast. You can fly Buckbeak and three other hippogriffs around the Hogwarts campus. Connect to the Game Boy Advance and play new mini-games.This game seems almost like an interactive version of the movie. The characters look and sound almost exactly like they do in the movie. The gamemakers did a wonderful job incorporating the movie's rich outdoor scenery into the game. The layout of the castle has been changed slightly to make it feel a little bigger, and to include areas of the castle that were not seen in the first two games, such as the Hospital Wing, the History of Magic classroom, and the Clock Tower.To any Harry Potter fan, I would recommend this game to add to your collection of Harry Potter merchandise. If you don't own any of the Harry Potter games, get this one first!
I just wanted to say that I have had this game only 2 days and absolutly love it. The graphics are the best and the game is cool. This is a must have for any Harry Potter fan or anyone who is just looking for a cool game.The movie diddnt follow the book to well but the game did!!!!!!!! The only problem is on my third day of playing it I beat the game so it is kind of easy but that is a goodthing in a way because it still had some challange and if it is too diffulcult then you will give up on it. I love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used to own it until i beat it.  Now i am buying it again because you can get it for cheap and it is a great game!  probably one of the best harry potter games.
This game is one of the only Harry potter titles that lets you be Harry, Hermione and Ron during most of the game. You can solve puzzles and learn spells that are individual to themselves. Many spells are available and you can explore the school and grounds of Hogwarts. This game follows the books pretty well but adds new puzzles/dungeons with bosses. The voice acting is pretty good but your partners who help you fight can get really annoying when they keep repeating stuff like,&#34;C'mon Harry, let's try the window!&#34; Overall, this game is very fun and adventurous. Definitely worth playing/buying!
This game ROCKS! Here, you get to play as Harry, Ron, and Hermionie, overcome Dementors, Monsters, and Slytherins. Harry is the Leader and athlete, Hermionie the Studious and flexible, and Ron the Trouble maker. All three are great, and this is the Best!
This game was awesome!  The graphics were better, you can go anywhere in Hogwarts, ANYWHERE being the key word.  The whole game was just so real and you really felt like you were at Hogwarts.  Ok, so there was no quidditch, but I played the pc version and I have to say if you play that version and than the one for Gamecube, you'll think this one is 100 times better.  My favorite part of the whole game would either be flying Buckbeak or fighting the dementors.  Buy it as soon as possible, it's no waste of money!  And I'm not just saying this b/c I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, but b/c it was truly a phenomenal strategy, and challenging game!
Hello, just last week I got a Gameboy Advance SP and 2 days ago I bought Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. I am underneath the whomping willow trying to find Ron right now and this game is so fun. I love it. I get all eye-bogged playing it for hours on end.The graphics are very cool from the spell casting to the hair on Hermione's head moving when she walks! Its all very well done. The color is awesome in this too.But don't let me fool you into thinking its all cool "LOOKING"...the game play itself is very cool! You have to go through the 7 floors to do different things like go to class, run errands, look for people/pets and all along the way there are places to get "goodies" like items to put on the characters to help them along their journey i.e: cloak, gloves, boots, gloves etc...very cool. I have all items for Harry and Hermione already. (there are 6 available item slots)also potions to get too and don't forget the chocolate frogs and collocters cards! If you get all the cards in a specific category (there are about 10) you unlock special things which can really help..i needed it to beat a baddie!(if you can't find them along the way just buy chocolate frogs from Fred and George, they're cheap and you get loads of sickles!)This game is just so fun! I cannot believe how into it I am (even though I am a HP fan). Well I guess that's enough to go on for now, I hope i didn't give away too much on the game. But it's really good and I would recommend it! I am 22 and my step-kids aged 10 and 12 play it too and it's fine for kids but I think the older person would appriciate it more. But like i said kids are able to do it and would have a blast especially if they've read the book or seen the movie.GREAT GAME, you must totally buy it! You won't regret it. I swear! OVERALL: FUN, COOL-LOOKING, CHALLENGING.
Great game! Barely any wear and tear seen on the product. Delivery was good on time and product looks great. Thank you for the sale, I appreciate it.
I have all the Harry Potter computer and GBA games. This one is the funniest that I've played out of all of them. If you don't want to buy them all (you should), then buy just this one!Twilight Sucks.
I love this game its something worth playing especially if you ever played Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets on Game Boy Color or Gameboy Advance. Prisoner of Azkaban allows you to make certain choices you never made before. But I love this game and think its great I've played it before on PlayStation 2 and on Gamecube its a lot of fun, and its even more fun on Gameboy Advance, I love it!
This game far surpassed previous Harry Potter GBA titles. While there are some things that are left out of the plot (most notably the map, quidditch, and Hogsmeade), I found the game to be entertaining. That said, it is HARD the first time you play it. The fights are turn-based and rely on leveling up and it can be difficult to beat some of the animals/people you have to fight if you haven't leveled up enough. You can play it again once you've beaten it and stay at the level you were at when you beat the game, and that makes it easier. Don't even bother trying to replay it once you've reached level 100. It just gets boring. I've gotten a lot of fun out of this game, though, and it's pretty good overall.On another note, there are four unlockable minigames that are also fairly entertaining.
If one were to compare this game to Sorcerer's Stone or Chamber of Secrets, they would agree that this is much better.POSITIVES:  1)Secrets are still challenging, but a little bit easier to find  2)You are required to find everything before completing the game.  This is much better than the Sorcerer's Stone where the game just ended and you didn't have a chance to try and finish gathering cards or finding secrets  3)Virtually impossible to die.  Instead of losing lives in challenges and going back to the last place saved, you are simply moved back to the position right before you fell.  4)Gamemakers were much more generous in beans, pumpkin pasties, and cauldron cakesNEGATIVES: 1)Hippogriff riding presented quite a challenge and probably the most difficult part of the game.  You are required to fly the hippogriff through a course for 5 levels.  Each level progressively harder than the last.  The 5th took quite some time to accomplish.All in all, I gave the game 5 stars because it presented enough of a challenge to be stimulating, and enough story to be entertaining.  Strongly recommend this one.  The price is great too.
I love all the Harry Potter movies and keeping up to date with the games.  I cannot get enough of &#34;Harry Potter&#34;.
Well, first I thought that this game would be the same as last year's chamber of secrets gba game but this game is way cooler.  The story follows the book and movie pretty closely, and there are cool spells to use.  Plus I like being able to play as Hermione (finally!). One of the funny things is that Hermione's special skill is when she gives 'lectures' during fights -it looks funny!  Also she can repair things.  Ron uses stink pellets, and Harry uses wizard cards to battle the creatures.  The music is great, and the action is very fun.  You should totally buy this game!
The shipping was fast, the game was in good condition.The game itself is my favorite Harry Potter based game.  I love it so much.
I bought this game the day I went to see the film and have never looked back. Having been a fan of the previous games and having just completed Chamber Of Secrets, I was looking for a next fix, and I found it. A Harry Potter RPG that is faithful to the book, to movie and the fans. Controlling the trio is great fun, and it is so rewarding watching you characters smash the competition with flipendo. Overall, a great game that should belong in anyones game collection.
all the potter movies are well done,  this one was great but hated the cliff hanger left to much  unknown
This game is an Amazing addition to the already superb Harry Potter series. It's graphics are amazing and makes the Chamber of Secrets look as though its graphics aren't good at all. The ability to play Ron and Hermione is also very well done as I know I've always wanted to play Ron because he brings comic relief to the story of Harry Potter, and as this one is the darkest yet it's good to be able to play Ron. The new characteristics between the players are amazing with Harry being the more athletic, Ron is able to stay out of trouble, and Hermione with her logic and spells. This game is ab big jump from the Chamber of Secrets and I think it deserves a 5 out of 5.
Like the previous two, you collect Every Flavor beans, Wizard cards and do the Spell Book missions. But what makes this one fresh is you can now play as Harry, Ron and Hermione. This is certainly not only a must have for Harry Potter fans, but a must have for Ron and Hermione fans.The first game where you can explore the Hogwarts Express and duel Malfoy inside of it. This game is also even more thrilling with the option you can play as Hedwig in certain scenes.Instead of flying your Nimbus around the school grounds, you now can fly Buckbeak around instead. And at the end of the game after Buckbeak is gone with Sirius, you can choose between three other Hippogriffs. A black one, red one or orange one.Some missions are made only for one of the golden trio. The Patronus Spellbook mission is for Harry only, while the Lumos Spellbook mission is for Ron. And Hermione's is the Glacius mission.Their voices come to life and you must always keep your ears open if you enjoy conversation between the characters. Very randomly Ron and Hermione will began a conversation which always leads to an argument.A favorite, when they are outside Ron says &#34;I'm boiling out here, can't we go in?&#34; and Hermione snaps &#34;Ron, stop moaning! It's a nice day lets make the best of it, ok?&#34;When it comes to spells, Harry, Ron and Hermione can all use Flipendo and Expleriurmus.However only Ron can use Lumos while only Harry can use Carpe Retractum and the Patronus. Only Hermione can use Glacius, Reparo, Dragonfors and Snuffelfors.You can still shop at Fred and George's with beans. The difference is they now are on the sixth floor instead of the study in the common room.Another difference is Harry, Ron and Hermione can buy different things. Harry can purchase Wizard cards and potion, while Ron can get joke shop items. Hermione can buy a spellbook and other more smart items.The last difference is Fred and George got more pricey.The game overall is easy, its most hardest parts is the Cauldron fight during the Glacius spell challenge and the end where you fend off the Dementors.Aside from those two parts its easier than the first two. It's a fun game and a magical edition to the Harry Potter games
I just got the HP Prisoner of Azkaban yesterday for PS2 and am thrilled that [once again] EA Games has made it totally different from the PC version (which I enjoyed also, especially that it was a bit easier for my 4 year old to be able to play and enjoy).  I love that with each version of these games, you get different play and spells and adventures in the PC vs PS2 Version.  There are 3 versions (each very different) for the Sorcerer's Stone (PC, Playstation, and Playstation 2 are all different spells and adventures).The Azkaban PC version is a bit easier, but still a fun play (regretfully missing a few things from the book Trelawney, Hogsmeade, a fully functional mauraders map, and Quidditch (which didn't break my heart since they have Buckbeek the Hippogriff to fly).  I'm happy with it for me and my 4 year old's purposes and there are so many little nooks and cranny's to find things in, you can play over and over.I'm not finished with this PS2 version yet, but I wanted to let you all know that so far it is moving right along, with some of the most spectacular graphics - You play as either Ron, Hermione, and Harry (these kids are really cute and have the best facial expressions).  Switching between the characters is seemless, swift and easy on the eyes.  You have to keep track of what each character's special talents are so that you can achieve your goals in the game, utilizing the right character's abilities.  Sometimes the 3 kids will get separated and you have to play as just one, but that's very entertaining too.  If you get to wandering around too much (exploring) and get sidetracked from your current "mission", one of the kids will remind you what you need to do to get back on track.I Highly recommend this game, my little boy didn't want to go to bed last night and we were fighting over the controls - these games have taught him so much about figuring things out, he uses great vocabulary beyond his years, and the all important hand-eye coordination.  He loves Harry Potter and has played all the PC games, PS2 Games, listened to the books on tape as well as me reading them to him.  What a great Franchise with Loads of entertainment.  Just awesome and just in time for the Azkaban Movie which starts TODAY.PS:  The Gameboy Advance Harry Potter games are different also, so more adventure in those as well.
My boys LOVE their Harry Potter costumes!  I was surprised how many of the boys who came to my son's party wore this very costume.  Obviously a BIG hit!!
This baby has a few holes in it (we call it wizard battle damage)  it had a rip from getting caught in a bicycle...(don[t ask)  and gets played with in the dress up bin all the time... has been on 4 different kids for different halloweens.  we definitely got our moneys worth out of this.  8 years and counting.  Its made pretty well for a cheap halloween costume.
Used for favorite book character day at school and it was perfect. The cape fit well, glasses can been to adjust for your child. My son liked it so much said might like to be Harry Potter for Halloween.
What would Harry Potter  Camp be without a Harry Potter robe.  This set was perfect.  The price was great.  Harry Potter continues to live in our home because of the outfit.
My 4yr old son is a BIG Harry Potter fan.  He likes wearing robe but LOVES the wand.  It's thick plastic so durable for him to wave around to cast his spells.
My grand-son is three and a half ,he hasn't opened his present since it's for christmas,but having seen it I can say it's a very good product,he is such a big fan of Harry Potter..The magic wand may disappoint him,he wanted a new one because the other wand I had bought didn't work !!I'm afraid this one won't make the cat disappear.
After reading the series, my granddaughter wanted the cape and wand. This set came with the glasses also so it was well received.
Good quality and my grandkids love it. It fits fine and was very reasonable .I would recommend this to everyone who has little Harry Potters at home!
My son loved his Harry Potter costume! Overall - excellent quality and value. Highly recommend.
Nice costume for Kids. My nephew love it so much. He was wearing it all day long from morning to night.
very nice product. We were very pleased whenever we saw the quality of the costumes. My son is having a blast  Being Harry Potter!
When my 4yr. old said he wanted to be Harry for Halloween I knew the perfect costume and this is it. Everything fit great. The wand is made very durable.  The glasses had to be bent behind the ears so they would not slide off his nose but that wasn't a big deal at all.  My son couldn't wait for Halloween so he could wear this.  Great buy.
My son loves this and for the money I think it's a good buy.  It is not the largest costume so be cautious if you have a larger child.
Surprisingly, this costume is light enough that my son can wear it for our Halloween weather which never really gets below about 75 degrees. The cape part of the costume is large enough to fit even a taller child and closes with a cute clasp. The wand is plastic and heavy enough that it will withstand some use as a poking stick and a spell casting device. The glasses are pretty durable as well. For the price, this costume is worth the purchase.
I buy this for my 4 years old kid, it covered all his body to the feet (he is~40 inches) and he looks pretty cute. I also tried it in my 8 years old niece (she is ~48 inches) and it goes below his knee and looks also cute.ItI paid $20 dollars for the kit and I wasn't expecting a super cool costume but my kid liked it so I liked it.The wand is made of very cheap plastic but looks good. It broke on the second day and I needed to put some adhesive tape to it
I love these and I have it just in time for winter.These two winter warmers are comfortable and warm. Even though they come in Gryffindor colours, there is a Hogwarts crest, not a Gryffindor crest.Overall, this pair is perfect for any aged lover of Harry Potter. For example, I'm ten turning eleven and sometimes my Mum borrows it!Thank you for reading and I thing you should get this. :)
My grandson is really into anything that is Harry potter.  so, I bought these for him and he loves them.
I love harry potter, so I just had to have this gryffindor scarf. It's really cute. I can't wait for winter so I can show my hogwarts pride.
I bought this for my daughter's best friend as part of a birthday gift. She is the consummate &#34;Potter&#34; freak, and we already got her Harry's wand, so let's keep going! It was soft, and well-made. She was very pleased, and proceeded to wear it all night long, my daughter told me! I guess 'nuff said....It arrive super fast, and well-packaged. Recommend this seller and this product.
It is very comfortable, the scarf is a littler short but that doesn't really matter.As a Harry potter fan, I approve of these items.Soft, comfy, and I have no idea why they say it is itchy.  It is not.
The scarf and hat are excellent quality. I was afraid that for the price they may be a little substandard but they are not. I highly recommend these for the Harry Potter fan in your life.
One of our grandsons wanted to be Harry Potter for Halloween. The hat and scarf helped complete the costume and also kept him warm while trick or treating.  It also has other use throughout winter. It should be around for awhile for his siblings to enjoy and use.  We ordered it close to Halloween and it arrived with time to spare.
The hat and the scarf are great, and well made! I don't understand the 'itchy' complaints. I don't feel that at all, I found my new hat and scarf for the rest of the winter!
He wears this every day to school and surprisingly hasn't ruined it yet.  My kid has a pretty big head for an 8 year old and the hat still fits right.  It looks great together.
My girls love it ! The material is soft and nice. The quality is comparable to those that you can find in big name store. The fun factor (with Harry Potter matching costume) is priceless and well worth the money spent.  The kids love love love it.  This is one costume that they can use - even when they are not playing dress up :  Size wise -  recommended for child under 10 though material is stretchable.
great quality, and really comfortable. All of this 'scratchy' stuff is so not true, and this is coming from a person with sensitive skin. I'm so glad I bought this.
Arrived quickly and is a well made scarf and hat -- perfect for our Harry Potter Halloween costume.  Couldn't have been happier with my purchase.
Seems to be decent quality. My daughter just loves it and has been wearing it all winter - she's 16.
My 6-year-old grandson wouldn't dream of bundling up in a hat and scarf until he received this set last Christmas.  He is an avid Harry Potter fan, so this was something he truly loved -- and used with great enthusiasm.
soft. good quality. looks good. my daughter wears it every day since she's got it for holidays.
This Item truly rocks. I plan on having a costume put together & these items feel very authentic... it does have the WB store ticket. So it is a Warner Bros. item.
These two items are perfect replicas of the actual scarf and hat of Hogwarts from Harry Potter. They are really cute for all the Harry Potter fans out there, and are comfortable to wear. :)
Hogwart scarf AND hat with Gryffindor colors for a low price.  I purchased these items in a cataloge.  The knit is very soft.  The Hogwarts crest is quite visible.  They are an enjoyable thing to wear when the weather is right.Gryffindor colors aren't exactly the same as the movie obviously, but it's close.  It has the Hogwarts crest stitched on quite nicely.  The colors should be a more maroon red and dark golden yellow.  But at this price for both the hat and scarf is just fine by me.They request to be hand washed.  The fabric for hat and scarf is 100% acrylic.I really recommend this hat and scarf over the more expensive ones.I own the Hot Topic Harry Potter Gryffindor Varsity Girls Cardigan Plus Size Size : XX-Large, and the hat and scarf match perfect.The matching varsity cardigan:http://www.amazon.com/Harry-Potter-Gryffindor-Varsity-Cardigan/dp/B0058RUYEM/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_nC?ie=UTF8&colid;=XHB2ZWNC0X6F&coliid;=IN7V4DKWXM565[...]
My kids are really into Harry Potter, these were a welcome addition to a Minnesota halloween costume. And they fit grown up heads just fine. I've been wearing the hat and scarf all winter and I don't have a particularly small melon!
Since giving this set to my 7 year-old nephew for Christmas, he is rarely without it.  He's seen all of the Harry Potter movies (and his mom is reading him all of the books), so he knows what the scarf is supposed to look like - this set fit the bill!  As far as quality, his mom reports that the set washes well, which is a definite plus!
Can't beat it for the price! First year colors, red and yellow. My kids love them! May need to reinforce the tassles.
They looked great from the start. I stole the patch off of the scarves to put on robes I made and they still looked authentic. Originally purchased for Halloween costumes, but they've held up for several months of serious winter use. Yesterday a boy with a busted nose bleed all over the scarf, and in my trying to clean him up I got some on the hat too. They were in the wash maybe an hour later, and I was amazed to see they came totally clean. They got a tiny touch fuzzy after going through the wash, but very minimal and not unresonable after the harsh load I put them through. Very impressed they're holding up.
I gave this to my daughter for Christmas. I am not a Hogwarts fan dont know much about the movies however my daughter does. She did a jig when she opened this gift.  The quality of the hat and scarf is superb.The color is brilliant.PS My daughter is 29 a huge huge Harry Potter fan, She is very impressed with this set.
The hat and scarf come as advertised.  The scarf is a nice length and fits well.  This is a great purchase for Harry Potter fans and is very reasonable priced compared to most Harry Potter branded apparel.
I ordered this hat and scarf to go with a robe I purchased for a Halloween costume.  And I'm pretty pleased with the purchase.  The patches are sewn on very well and the yarn is very soft, and not at all scratchy or unpleasant.  I was also quite pleased that the package arrived a day earlier than the estimated delivery--something that is going to make my son really happy.My only complaint is that I would have liked the scarf to be 3-4 inches longer.  It's not too short, by a long shot though, and that is a personal preference.  The scarf is more than wide enough and is bound to make any HP fan very happy.  It's definitely something that can be used for costumes, but would also be perfectly functional on a cold day.  I would absolutely recommend this product. =)
wonderful buy gave it as a gift an the wife loves it wears it all the time a must have in the winter
totally cool, spent ages on it with my cousins messing about and just generally spells. the prisoner of azkaban was cool and so was chamber os secrets but this is by far the best
First of all, I want to congradulate EA for putting multiplayer on this game and the lovely graphics. Also,it is true that you can't roam around Hogwarts. Besides,I did not see that sort of stuff in the movie, including the book.In addition, to me if you play multi- player, and roam around Hogwarts it will be pretty boring. Well any way, I also loved the adventures and enviroments too.P.S: IF YOU REALLY WANT TO GET THIS GAME, DO NOT LET BAD REVIEWS DISCOURAGE YOU!!
This game is GREAT!!! It's SOOOOOOO much fun!!! I once almost was thinking about playing it all night! I bet I would some time. I LOVE the first task! I play as Hermione and it's a lot of FUN!!!! I love how you can use all kinds of spells. It's great and I love the dark mark. It's Great!!Do buy it!It's more fun then I asked for!!!
Many people say that this game is a waste of time, and I really wonder why. I personally enjoy the games style of play... you must select an available level and you unlock new levels by collecting Tri-Wizard shields. There are missions to fulfill in each level and you can revisit them for multiple missions. The camera angles are fixed, but this has posed no problem for me. This game is relatively simple to play, but can cater to the collecter types, too. It's rather a step off the beaten path for the Potter series, but I say a job well done!
The graphics are much better in this game. That I think everyone appreciated. Also, the loading screens are much more pleasant to look at. A swirling pool of blue lights. It's really quite pretty.The game is not really that difficult, although some of the tasks are a little daunting. I have finished the game without completing some of the various tasks in it. I have completed none of moody's challenges-I felt no need. And I found the dragon in a cage in the forbiddin forest, and did not feel like getting to the shield it guarded.You can pick and choose your battles, skip what you do not wish to take on, and go back and get things you probably should have.Granted, this won't be a game I will be playing much in a month, but it was definately worth the money I spent on it. :)-Claire :)
If my typing is a little lagging, please forgive me, I was up all night playing "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire." Without doubt, the best game I have ever played. The graphics were so good that it was almost like being at Hogwarts. [...] is the best moment of any game I've ever played, though Dumbledore is my favorite character. I was a little dissappointed that the plot of the seventh book was revealed by entrance to a hidden passage (near the portrait of the Buddhist-looking nuns on the fifth floor). It was the best thirty-second birthday present ever. I go to school in a small town in New York and all my first period studyhall teacher talked about the whole period was how good the game was and that's all everyone else has been talking about since. We're a little obsessed (this is coming from a person who has Harry Potter tattooed across his back). THE BEST GAME EVER. Buy it. Period.
Arrived on time. Excellent packaging. Game disc was perfect. You guys are great. Lets do business again. I Highly Recommend.
I have played each of the video games based upon the first four Harry Potter films & books.  By far, the most challenging and best integrated of these games is "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".  The previous game of "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" introduced the ability for a player to play as any of the three main characters from Harry Potter: either as Harry, Ron or Hermione; which a player could actively switch between during game play (often, this was required within specific levels).  This latest Harry Potter game also allows a player to play as one of the three main characters, but unlike the previous game, a player cannot actively switch between characters until the completion of a particular task.As with previous Harry Potter games, spells must be obtained in order to get through certain levels or an important item, such as a Triwizard shield, may need to be collected.  In fact, much of game play involves the collection of Triwizard shields that are hidden within most of the game's levels in order to unlock access to higher levels.  Typically, there are multiple Triwizard shields on each level, which means that a player must revisit levels multiple times in order to collect a sufficient number of them.  Also hidden within these levels are special items, such as vanishing cards, dragon statues, shovels or some other item that a player should either collect or reveal as sub-quests.  Except for vanishing cards (for which there is only one per level), a player must identity all of a particular items on a particular level in order to gain a card that represents those items.  And here's an important note on collecting/purchasing cards: unlike previous Harry Potter games where card collecting was merely a secondary activity that had no real impact on the players or game outcome itself, cards won or purchased throughout this game can load a player's character (that he/she has chosen before entering a level) with increased stamina, skill or magical strength from three selected cards.  In fact, it is up to the player to load all three characters with a particular set of cards for the skills that the player wants each character to have because even though a player cannot switch between characters during game play, which ever character the player chooses is usually accompanied by the other two. One very interesting aspect of this game is that not all items on a particular level may be accessible until the player obtains something that is only attainable at a higher level that makes it possible to collect the needed item on the lower level. Most collectors' cards are only made available for purchase upon how well the player demonstrates certain abilities or achieves certain goals.During game play, the player will encounter a number of nasty creatures, such as dugbogs, salamanders and vampyr mosps, which can be very annoying. Available jinx spells include (but are not limited to) orbis, inflatus and avifors. Charm spells include herbivicus, carpe retractum and accio to name a few.  As stated, not all of these spells are available until obtained and sometimes require obtaining its spell book.  Game levels include the Quidditch World Cup at the beginning, then proceed at Hogwarts with Defense Against the Dark Arts, the Hogwarts Exterior, Moody's Challenges, the Forbidden Forrest, the Prefects Bathroom, Herbology, the three Triwizard Challenges and Voldemort.Overall, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" video game is very fun and I rate it with 5 out of 5 stars.  It is by far the best Harry Potter video game to date.
My 10-year old son received this for his birthday (after wishing and hoping for it for every day for two months). He loves it and says it is the best Harry Potter PlayStation 2 game ever. A winner!
i got this game for my mom ..yes my mom ..plays video games ..and she likes this one because there is so much to do ..a great game for any true fan of the film
This game is the bomb I played it.It is fun on trying to get all the triwizard sheilds and u can play with your friends.
this game came on time, and it was a lot of fun to play.
I would have to put it like Ron-That's Brilliant. And yes this game is brilliant from start to finish. If your looking for this for yourself or a loved one this game is the one for you.This game is for anyone aged 3-99 it does not matter. I recomend this game and all the others in the series. Anyway just buy this game and you will not be disapointed!
I love Harry Potter and really enjoyed playing this game.  It is so easy to follow along, and you can lose track of the time because you are so engrossed in the game.
I played this game about a year ago and my sister and I (I'm 25 and she's 18) played it non stop until the end, which took a few days to complete.  Then we played it again and yet another time, trying to do a little better each time and just having friendly competition with each other.  It is so much fun.  Now, a year later, I saw it on the xbox rack for under $15.00 and bought it right up and we're at it again.  The graphics are great.  Really superb.  Especially the mini movies in between levels.  The characters are true to how they look in the movies.  Thankfully, it's their real voices and not some hokey version of it.  It doesn't stick to the plot of the book, but whatever.  I wish Krum and Cedric were in the game, but alas they are not.  And there's no Quidditch.  That's kind of a bummer.  But overall it's really fun and my second favorite game ever. I would recommend it to anyone.
I got this game a loooooooooooong time ago for Christmas, when I was around 9 or 10, and now Im reviewing it 4 years later.Its gameplay is very good, and has you flying on brooms and casting spells the minute you start the game. Its story line is a good one (not the same exact thing as the movie/book), and its an extremely good game, one I thoroughly enjoyed as a kid.
I love harry potter, but maybe I am just getting to old for it. I would reccomand this game for ages 9-12. I think it might be a little hard for the younger kids...since i am 21 and got stuck at some points. but i could also just suck at playing games lol.
I purchased this game for my granddaughter, she tells me she enjoys playing it very much. I have not played it myself.
Game boy advance games always surprise me with good graphics and fun gameplay. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is no exception. This game allows you to control either Harry, Ron, or Hermione, each with their own strengths and weaknesses (harry is the strongest, ron's the fastest, hermione has the highest defense). This game has 11 levels ( isn't in the adventure style of its predesessors) from the Quidditch world cup campsite to a confrontation with You-Know-Who! There are wizard cards you can buy with bertie botts every flavor beans.overall, its a fun game if you are a harry potter fan. if you aren't you'll still probably still like it.
My seven-year-old is a huge Harry Potter fan.  About this game, he  says, "I like it.  It's really fun.  I haven't been to any parts I don't like.  I like the part in the school because you have to fight lots of guys.  I haven't seen the maze yet.  It's a little bit hard."My son has had the game for over a month and plays it often.  It is challenging because he hasn't completed all the parts yet.  He said the part fighting the dragon is "really hard".  He has another Harry Potter gameboy game, "Harry Potter and Chamber of Secrets" and he prefers this game.I'm glad it's challenging enough that he hasn't finshed it yet and would be bored, but not so hard that he would be frustrated and not play it at all.
I bought this game for my daughter and she had so much fun playing, I gave it a try. It is a really fun game to play. I think I enjoy it as much as she does.
I was going to buy this game for my SP, but I decided i don't play with my DS as much, so I got this one.  I'm glad I did, I really like it.  The graphics get better and better with each new Harry potter game, and the characters and surroundings are so realistic.  It was a little annoying having to dart my eyes back and forth from the top and bottom screens, but now I'm getting used to it, and it's not so bad.  The mini games are aimed at younger kids(so far), but they're still fun and I love that there is some RPG moments in the game.  If you're young, you'll definately enjoy this game, and if your an adult Harry Potter fan,like me, you'll find it more fun than not.  It's worth the money.
I am a huge Harry Potter addict so was very pleased when not only I saw how cheap this was but it also plays great on my 3ds XL!
I am using mom's computer I am 9. I rated the game 5* because I am pretty sure it will be good, here are my thougths for the other five ***** max:computer  gameboy  Ds1  ***  *  -none-2  *****  ***  -none-3  ****  ****  -none-4  ?????  ?????  ?????It is going to be the first game I am going to get. I've seen the movie clip and I liked it.LucasAugust 7, 2005
My kids are very into Harry Potter at the moment and loved this game to the very finish.  Although I have been told that it was very hard to beat Voldemort at the end.
I bought this DVD for my grandsons birthday.  He really did like it, since his party was Harry Potter theme.
Great for any Harry Potter fan. This game is a bit more challenging than previous Harry Potter games I have played.
cheaper than in stores!very satisfied the game was fun :)came in fast and easy too!highly recommend this product!
I was very satisfied.  I bought it for my grandson.  He loves it.  It was in perfect condition and it arrived when it was suppose to.
this game blew me away! the environments were some of the best to date! two thumbs up
this game came literally in 1 day its very old and its in great condition i love it my husband loves it its alota fun
What I love best about this game compared to the first two games those being Chamber of Secrets and Sorcerer's Stone is that your on your own. But then when you get to Prisoner of Azkaban you choose between Harry, Ron, and Hermonie. But the only disadvantage to this game is that I am only allowed to choose one character at a time. The only thing that really should have stayed in this game is the exploration of Hogwarts. That I do miss, further more they should have not just followed the movie they should have followed the book too. But other than those few things I really enjoy this game over all.
This is like a blast from the past for us die hard Gamecube fans.This is an intense game that will bring hours of fun.