This album does not contain original recordings.  I compared "Yakety Yak" to the version on the "Stand By Me" Soundtrack album.  THAT one has the real ORIGINAL RECORDING.  This album has re-recordings from a vocal group who may contain members of the original Coasters, but it is very obvious that these are NOT the same ORIGINAL RECORDINGS.  Even the album cover artwork is awful and bogus.  The image has NOTHING to do with The Coasters.  Don't be fooled, as I was.By the way, the aforementioned "Stand By Me" Soundtrack album is a wonderful source for a nice mix of great Oldies, with outstanding sound and TRUE ORIGINAL RECORDINGS!
I was browsing the 'Celtic/New Age' genre, and ran across this ... it's simply NOT 'New Age', and NOT 'Celtic'.Buyer beware!
These recordings are not the originals as far as I am concerned.  "Stand By Me" sounds like an older Ben E. King singing and struggling with the range. He uses the same tricks most singers do when their voice has lost its luster with age.  Very different.  It possibly says so somewhere but I missed it and am stuck with unwanted music.
These songs are the original overlayed with clapping tracks at the beginning and the end.  I feel cheated!  the times are the same word for word note for note the only difference is the sorry clap tracks which can be done by the cheapest of equipment. I know because my brother had this type of equipment and i used to make my own (LIVE) recordings that didnt sound any different than the way these were made-SORRY  Save your money these are not LIVE!
This is not the best album by Slave, but it's good enough to deserve a better reissue on CD. This is just a copy of a used LP. Noise and clicks at the end of each track are clearly noticeable, same as if I  were playing my own LP. So, please, don't do this. Give a proper reissue. Even it is explainned that it is custom made at customer order, nobody expects it is just a direct transfer from a used vinyl to a CD-R.
I'll admit that I was over-eager and hasty. I'm on a Soul binge, and the "Soul Classics" series sounded like just the thing, the perfect opportunity to hear songs and artists I haven't heard without breaking the bank. I bought three of the series without listening to a single sample, so more fool me.I should have looked more closely at the artist list. Did you notice "Compton's Most Wanted" and "D. Vine M.C." in there?I should have sampled at least one of the more familiar songs, to hear how closely they resemble recordings by more famous artists.I should, for that matter, have doubted the cover. That's not always a reliable indicator, obviously, but, in retrospect, it un-subtly suggests what the contents confirm:This is not a compilation assembled by someone with any respect for Soul music. It's not a collection of classics recorded, perhaps, by early, now forgotten artists of the genre. This is the kind of CD you find in a small rack of CDs at a party store that sells confetti and rents helium tanks. All it's missing is the telltale phrase "in the style of..."It's a cynical cash grab, a mix tape of whatever recordings could be had cheaply enough to make a profit even at this price, an assortment thrown together with so little care that nobody cared whether '80s rap tunes belonged there or not. The other two I bought are equally indiscriminate and without integrity, with far too many obvious imitations of more popular artists' recordings.It's too late for me, but you can save yourself. If you actually like Soul, or have one, avoid this series at all costs.
This does not sound like the original Barbara Mason.  Don't waste your money on this CD.  Probably can find the original on another site.
I expected remastered originals but got instead a deceptively packaged fake performed by.. who?! I am cheated out of the pleasure of her voice in front of the original music and the authentic memories of the times. I had no intentions of hearing anonymous people's interpretations of Ms. Mason. I wish I'd read the customer reviews first. Don't buy this unless you want to reward deception.
SINCE I HAVE BEEN LISTENING TOO (AND PURCHASING ALSO) BARBARA MASON MUSIC SINCE I BOUGHT THE 45RPM SINGLE OF "BED AND BOARD" AND THE "LADY LOVE" LP (WHICH INCLUDED THE 8:00+ VERSION OF "BED AND BOARD")I TOO KNEW IMMEDIATLY ONCE SAMPLING 2 TRACKS FROM THIS RELEASE THAT THE BACKGROUND SINGERS "ARE NOT" THE ORIGINAL THEREFORE THE SONGS HAVE BEEN RE-RECORDED MUCH TO MY (AND OTHERS) DISMAY. IF YOU WANT THE REAL THING THEN PURCHASE "THE BEST OF THE BUDDAH YEARS" OR "THE GREATEST HITS" RELEASES. I CANNOT FOR THE LIFE OF ME WONDER WHY THESE WERE RE-RECORDED & THEN HAVE SOME "NON-SINGING" BACKGROUND VOCALISTS INCLUDED. IF MISS MASON WANTED TO DO RE-RECORD THE SONGS COOL,BUT IT SHOULD BE LABELED AS SUCH AND MORE PROFESSIONAL SOUNDING BACKGROUND SINGERS SHOULD HAVE BEEN HIRED (OR EVEN USED THE ORIGINAL BACKGROUND VOCAL TRACKS.) ANOTHER REVIEW OF THIS CD BROUGHT THIS TO MY ATTENTION & SOON AS I LISTENED TO A SAMPLE I KNEW THE DIFFERENCE,SO BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
Yes, something's going down here and I'm not impressed. The reviews inserted onto this page could not refer to this particular download release as they were composed years ago for the audio "Best of" which actually has a different tracklisting to this issue. Yes, I've previewed each track on the d/load compile and they are mostly, if not all, live....yet no mention of this on cover artwork or in Amazon page notes.This can only be either an absolute bad botch up or someone at Amazon feels at ease misleading the public. It's one thing to be successful at providing a service to music lovers...it's another to milk it. A disgrace! I'll be keeping a close eye on this shambles.Anyway...the cover artwork is a dead giveaway.
THIS IS NOT WHITNEY HOUSTON. Her estate needs to be made aware that they are using her name to sell their product. I don't know what the backstory is with this CD (or it's sister release "Soul Masters -- My Heart is Calling") but my family and I have had quite the time mining both CD's for comedy gold. Both have a completely cheezy musical bed under what can only be described as some of the most awful singing I have ever heard. It doesn't help that they have chosen to cover very difficult material by one of the world's greatest singers. I would be very interested to hear why these CD's were produced. Some of the tracks (particularly on "Soul Masters") sound like they were voiced by non-English speakers. If anyone knows who's responsible for this atrocity that has provided me with hours of unintentional entertainment, I'd be very interested to know.
The artwork on the front of the cd is well reproduced but the music inside sucks.  This cd was transfered from a mono record album.(needle drop)  The sound is not very good.  The original VJ album was released in stereo and has been released that way several times in the past.  I would avoid this cd.
A funky as hell soundtrack--but it's an awful vinyl rip off of a very dusty and scratchy LP.  I wish I never bought it.  Avoid.
If you are thinking about ordering this import from Japan - think again and go to the 2001 Collectables release which contains 20 tracks, including all six sides of his three hit singles for Vee-Jay.This one omits his third and last hit, Everything Will Be Alright (# 19 R&B; in late 1958) and its B-side, I'm A Fool Wanting You (Vee-Jay 299).The Collectables release also has informative notes written by Bill Dahl and great sound reproduction.
not original recordings. dont buy this . you will be unhappy. get a different mp3 this one sucks sucks sucks
It is a rotten shame that Alexander O'Neal's orignal "Saturday Love" is not available on Amazon.  98.7 Kiss FM in NY used to play it back in the day and played it occasionally up until the time the station went off the air.These mashed-up tripped up versions do neither this song nor O'Neal any justice!
The music contained on this album is fantastic. Unfortuntely, there is a problem with the mp3 download. The last track "I Can't Do Without You" is seriously messed up. I would buy the cd that has both Clarence Carter albums "Testifyin" and "This Is Clarence Carter" on it.
And on this collection you can hear all the reasons. A bunch of uninteresting uninspired covers that bring nothing to the table. This disk is for the completist Winehouse fan.
This is everything but the German rock band PUR. If you like rap you might like it, if you like PUR you will definitely not.
What the heck is this?  This isn't the Noel CD!!!  This is some New Age music.  What happened to the prince of freestyle?I though that this was the Noel CD from the '80s. but when I clicked on the link it shows me this crap!  What gives?Either put the Noel CD up for download or change the link!
It "appears" to me that there are at least five CDs/MP3 albums released between 2008-2010 with different album names and different covers that all have these same live tracks on them in the same order. Many of the reviews for these various releases are not good. I think these CDs/MP3 albums are the same 13 tracks from Chaka's 2008 DVD "One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live", which is from a 2007 show she performed.Five albums that appear to have the same songs of the same length in the same order (except the last one listed that skips the first track all the others have) are:1. One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live; Original Release Date: January 1, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0014KA8VG; Total Length: 1:10:372. Greatest Hits Live; Original Release Date: January 15, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0013F496W; Total Length: 1:10:373. Introducing: Chaka Khan [UK Import]; Audio CD (December 1, 2009); Label: earMUSIC (101 DISTRIBUTION); ASIN: B002Q4RLBO4. One Classic Night [Import]; Audio CD (March 4, 2008); Label: Phantom Sound & Vision; ASIN: B0013GBD425. Chaka Khan (album cover reads "The Best of Chaka Khan"); Original Release Date: May 12, 2008; Label: One Media Publishing Ltd.; ASIN: B001I4O9MW; There are only 12 tracks on this one - they skip the track 1. "I Feel For You" that is on the other releases listed above; otherwise, it appears all other tracks are identical on the 5 releases I have listed here.You may enjoy the album but just know what you are buying. One could buy several different albums listed above and end up with the same songs repackaged.
I downloaded this version thinking it could be enhanced but it was destroyed. This is a beautiful that is now ghetto. Sorry i paid for it. I immediately downloaded the original version.
If you remember the song "Funky Poodle" which was an LA hit in the 80's, the only way you gan buy it, is to get this hodgepodge compilation.  There are a couple other fun tracks...Funky Comidina and Bust a Move, but the other tracks are really bad.  It appears the music supervisor for this film searched through Itunes garage bands, or maybe recorded these "gems" himself, just to make some quick cash.  Do what I did.  Buy the album and be ready to hit "delete"!
lyrics are lame.. I deleted it right after listening...was expecting a different style altogether. should sample first to make sure you like it.
I love the classic Moonglows recordings.  So I was delighted to see that I could purchase them on Amazon and not have to take the time to digitize vinyl.oops -- I downloaded "I Was Wrong" and it was COMPLETELY NOT THE ORIGINAL DOO WOP VERSION of the song.This version has a strong background track, it is highly produced, it is just off.  This is just my taste, but the new version of the tune was awful and not what I was looking for at all.Anyone interested in classic Moonglows tracks should BEWARE before buying these.
OMG this is the worst thing I've ever heard.. Who are these people that make this, like someone other than a family member would buy it.
This is horrible. All cover versions of classic songs - and not even good covers. Save your money for the real thing.
This is *not* a collection of 'funk classics'. It's "funk COVERS", by bands doing their best imitation of the originals. Take a listen to the amazon samples and if you are familliar with these tunes, you'll notice 'close, but no cigar'. Tempos too fast, right gender of singer but not the same voice, poor quality mixing, etc. Now if you were looking for a DEMO because you wanted to hire a COVER BAND to play funk classics, this totally would sell me. I would book any of these acts for my wedding, casino, prison release party, or other event in a second. Lets just get some truth in advertising and just come out and SAY the word 'covers', ok?
This album is not by Juice Newton, even though Amazon shows three other Juice Newton Albums as alternative purchases by those who bought the album.  Also, all of the reviewers wrote about how good this album is - it might be for those who like whoever this is but IT IS NOT JUICE NEWTON.  Do not get ripped off.  Amazon totally fouled this up and this is not a minor problem - this is a sequester type - close down the government type bit of gross stupidity.
If Musically Adrift was released in 1978, it would have been vilified for being a derivative mess.  When it was released in 1999 that was still the impression.  Sure, it boasts top notch performers in Elliot Randal, etc., but you cannot attempt to copy the formula from Steely Dan, The Doobie Brothers and whoever else and expect your music to be considered original even if you got a couple of Dan side men to play on it.  If Samuel Purdey had an original sound, perhaps this would not have been their first and last release and this would not be the first review ever.
if you're looking at a 2-track download of the Detroit Emeralds' &#34;Feel The Need in Me&#34; and &#34;You Want It You Got It,&#34; then be aware that these downloads are not the original versions and, in fact, don't even closely resemble the original versions.
I thought this was going to be by the original artists.  Unfortunately, I bought it from my phone so I didn;t do the reasearch on it.  I feel cheated.
This is not what I expected; it's mostly live versions of songs, complete with a lot of crowd noise and loose accuracy among the players because that's how concerts go.  Live tracks are mostly interesting to fans of specific artists; for compilation albums like this one usually expects to hear studio versions.
Sadly, it's one of the many CD that have been issued that appear to be a brilliant compilation, only to be spoiled upon playing it, when you discover that the tracks aren't originals, but are re-recordings.If you like re-recordings, or live versions, then this CD will be fine for you.I prefer original artists and original tracks, so this CD will stay in its sealed casing, never to be played on my CD player.
I had really high expectations for this album. Imagine my chagrin when I didn't even recognize the performing artists. THAT'S HOW BAD THIS IS!!!!! The whole album sounded like a bunch of recording studio outtakes! Just a wretched mess! Please spare yourself. Oh how I wish I could rate this BELOW 1 star! SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!!!
I picked this up through a free album offer, supposedly based on my previous music purchase history.I'm sure some people enjoy this stuff, but it really wasn't the kind of music I was expecting. It has a variety of music ranging from incredibly oldschool to less oldschool. Some of the music is actually really cool, but the lyrics and vocals leave a lot to be desired.
It "appears" to me that there are at least five CDs/MP3 albums released between 2008-2010 with different album names and different covers that all have these same live tracks on them in the same order. Many of the reviews for these various releases are not good. I think these CDs/MP3 albums are 1the same 13 tracks from Chaka's 2008 DVD "One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live", which is from a 2007 show.Five albums that appear to have the same songs of the same length in the same order (except the last one listed that skips the first track all the others have) are:1. One Classic Night - Greatest Hits Live; MP3 Album info - Original Release Date: January 1, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0014KA8VG; Total Length: 1:10:37; CD info - Audio CD (February 5, 2008); Label: Cleopatra; ASIN: B0011BJPXU2. Greatest Hits Live; Original Release Date: January 15, 2008; Label: Goldenlane; ASIN: B0013F496W; Total Length: 1:10:373. Introducing: Chaka Khan [UK Import]; Audio CD (December 1, 2009); Label: earMUSIC (101 DISTRIBUTION); ASIN: B002Q4RLBO4. One Classic Night [Import]; Audio CD (March 4, 2008); Label: Phantom Sound & Vision; ASIN: B0013GBD425. Chaka Khan (cover says "The Best of Chaka Khan"); MP3 Album info - Original Release Date: May 12, 2008; Label: One Media Publishing Ltd.; ASIN: B001I4O9MW; CD info - Audio CD (January 12, 2011); Label: One Media Publishing LTD.; ASIN: B004IWQONI.  There are only 12 tracks on this one album - they skip track 1. "I Feel For You" that is on the other releases listed above; otherwise, it appears all other tracks are identical on the 5 releases I have listed here. SPECIAL NOTICE FROM AMAZON REGARDING CD VERSION: This product is manufactured on demand using CD-R recordable media.You may enjoy the album but just know what you are buying. One could buy several different albums listed above and end up with the same songs repackaged.
This cd contains all of Atlantic Starr's songs BUT it's not the group singing on the cd.  Very disappointing!
As I write this, Judy's Turn to Cry is the best-selling song from this MP3 collection. As with so many of the songs on K-Tel albums listed on Amazon, this is not the original. For the right Judy, turn toDoo Wop Golden Oldies Vol 2orThe Golden Hits Of Lesley Gore.
I just downloaded "Just Like Romeo & Juliet by the Reflections.  It's only 89 cents, but it's not the original hit version as released on 45 in 1964.  If you want the original version, do not buy it.
Buyer Beware!!!! Just from listening to the samples you can tell these are not the originals. They are decent reproductions but I am getting tired of these record labels ripping people off. If they would be up front about the content it wouldn't be so bad but this is dishonest.
The music selected is a melange of different styles, all having one common denominator, mediocrity. One would have hoped for a better selection of the music we heard during this campaign. This montage certainly does NOT inspire. I doubt any astute Obama campaign manager would even listen --wimpy at best, not grassroots at all--with the possible exception of Stevie Wonder and Keb Mo. The rest are not up the the standard. Make your own mix! I would call this disappointing.
If Sam weren't dead this would kill him.  Come on folks there have been great musicians who have been influenced by Sam and who have released versions of his music, Rod Stewart, Al Green, Otis Redding etc. Put together a compilation that honors his memory not that disgraces it.
Because it never downloaded to my phone and its not showing up in my cloud player. Please fix so I can download.
I know Jean Terrell's voice and this ain't it.  I'll have to assume the rest of it is fake as well.
mary wilson should sue you. please take this off of amazon .we the supremes fans all over the world are insulted.
Kaaren Ragland was a back-up singer for Mary Wilson in the late 70's and 1980s, after the Supremes disbanded in June 1977. In 1989, Ragland formed a group called "The Sound of the Supremes." She and an assortment of other Singers have performed over the past 20 years, sometimes billing themselves as "The Sound of the Supremes," and sometimes (particularly in Europe) billing themselves as "The Supremes." This is, at best, blatant dishonesty.  Despite Internet propaganda to the contrary, Ragland was never a member of the group "The Supremes."You can judge the music for yourself by listening to the samples here. If you are looking for Supremes music, leave here immediately and find something by Florence Ballard, Mary Wilson, and Diana Ross... or the legitimate replacements Cindy Birdsong, Jean Terrell, Lynda Lawrence, Scherrie Payne, and Susaye Green.If you want the true Motown Supremes, also avoid any albums recorded by the "Former Ladies of the Supremes (FLOS). " The FLOS started out with "real" Supremes but added several non-Supremes over the years.Ain't nothin' like the real thing, baby!
With all due respect, not even passable cover versions by the original artists. With some re-recordings, you may have to listen closely to confirm they ain't the real thing. Here? No such problem. Thin vocals on some, disco'ed up versions of others. Don't bother.
Only 2 songs will actually play without wifi connection. I am a person that is always on the go and I love great music so I thought that purchasing this item was a good move, boy was I ever wrong. A serious waste of money. I hate it!
I don't hate it.  couldn't get it to play on three different stereo systems.  something is wrong with the disc.
the "boy i've gotta watch my back" and "sometimes i'm goody goody. right now i'm naughty naughty" part of the background vocals are formed by a middle aged white woman who sounds like she lives in a suburb of Colorado. Sounds pretty weird a black girl singing lead. I can't find one without these awful out-of-place background vocals.
I didn't know that Toad The Wet Sprocket had a greatest hits album and after my Amazon.com purchase I still don't know. After downloading my MP3 ALBUM I find It only has one song on it! Amazon mistake? Or album rip-off? I still don't know.
This has to be the worst soul music I have ever heard! Who is the guy kidding? Look to Cutis Mayfield, Smokey Robinson and Harold Melvin for real talent. Hawthorne lacks the chops to pull off even a tribute to the greats. I doubt he would make it past the auditions for a TV talent show. Don't just skip this disc. Run away from it.
Hense the title. Let me begin by saying this. Respectfully, while Oran Juice Jones is a name that will be tied to the 1 hit wonders ("The Rain") of the world, his swagger and potential is what we (critics/consumers) were hoping for. In 2009, its long gone. The highlights of this compilation of disposable music, are very few and between. It starts with the fact that the CD is based around Oran rather than on Oran. In todays playing field, if indeed your name still rings any bell whatsoever, you would want to rejuvinate that with a resounding..."I Still Got It", and capitolize on that. Instead, we are introduced to a family that sounds like a pack of wolves. The Vocal talents displayed here at best are very sub-par. In most cases I couldnt bare to listen to the full track without reaching my fatigued finger from pressing the forward button again, and again. Yes,.. I pressed it alot. The First thing that stands out is the poor mixing. The Vocals pitch over the obvious in-house production, and come off incomplete and muffled. The vocals on some tracks are just simply too loud and in some cases the production is just too hollow. This is not a mainstream/big-budget release, so dont look for high production value or big name producers, but in todays market where you have so many options, and little to no cost for local or regional talent. Putting together a respectable project with current values isnt too hard to come by. Google the word producer and youll likely find 1,000's of hungry producers that will sell you a industry worthy track for scraps or for kudos to say they worked with an artist from the past. (Homage) Production wise, the CD is very flat, and you look for the radio record, and the club anthem, or the ballad, and then you realize your listening pleasure quickly becomes pain. Oran is featured on less than half of the project..?? Outdated sound and inadequate vocals make this CD quickly become a listening session that you will all but forget, once you reach the end. One highlight, is that Oran still has writing ability. Brick Jungle has glimpses of what could have been a worthy record over production from todays standards. Lets hope that Oran will utilize his remaining years to tap into "What Was", and collaborate with "What Is", and aim for a single that would attract todays listeners. Harlem is know for its trend setting and swagger, and we hope that Oran will tap into this being a native. Until then, if you make the mistake of spending any $ on this project, request and refund, an autograph, and a written apology. (1 of 5)
This is a very poor effort at re-inventing one of the all-time R&B; legends as a rock & roller in the 60's. Unlike, say, the late 60's recordings of Fats Domino (which also featured Beatle covers)or Jerry Lee Lewis as a country crooner, these are absolutely ludicrous arrangements.  "Mellow Yellow" and "I Can't Control Myself" are particularly obnoxious, with the garage-rock keyboards-totally alien to this great lady's style. Not to mention the ridiculous overproduction on the easy-listening numbers "That's Life" and "Cabaret". And they couldn't even spell the name of the lovely Miss Rigby...This is a GREAT Saturday Night Live bit...but a horrible record!
Issuing this album on the very day of the MJ Memorial shows a total lack of class and insensitivity...but typical of a record industry that even on this sad occasion..is still OUT OF TOUCH with the rest of the world and it's customers....and you wonder why music consumers don't buy your music anymore?
Warning.  I downloaded the track 25 Miles off this album and it is a live recording, not the originl chart hit.  I haven't heard the rest of the album but the version of 25 Miles that's here is not the original.  Very disappointed.
Poorly mastered cd-reissue of two very good albums by Jackie Moore.  Unfortunately, you get all of the crackles and pops of this recorded from vinyl reissue, along with the music --  especially at the beginnings, ends and between tracks.  As an aside, the track 'How's Your Love Life, Baby' is not the 12-inch version, but a short version that was found on the first issues of the lp.  Sound quality of cd isn't bad, decent recording levels and EQ'd ok, but I expected more from the Expansion label.  Be aware of what you're getting before purchasing.  (Note that this review is for the CD issue, not the MP3 download -- Amazon has the cd release date weeks away even though I already have it in my possesion.)
I cannot stress how bad these remakes are! Considering that all of these songs are available elsewhere here on Amazon in their ORIGINAL hit versions by the ORIGINAL artists as you remember hearing them on the radio way back when, you should do a little bit of searching and find those instead. Go ahead. You can start now.These are lousy cover versions by studio groups trying (and failing) to imitate the originals. You'd probably walk out on these guys if they were playing in a hotel lounge on a Sunday night.Unless you were REALLY drunk, of course.
I thought this would be great, but, boy, was I wrong.  The artists that sing these songs do not come close to the originals.  Waste of money.
I was hoping this would be what I wanted, but instead it's not. Do not like live versions. Wish I would've paid more attention to what I thought I was getting.
...these are NOT the women who recorded, performed, and made these songs famous.  Try another album, folks.  This is just another example of what happens when a record company owns a group's name and applies it to someone else.
These are not the original hit versions recorded in the 60's & 70's.  Don't waste your money on this collection, their are other "authentic" collections available that have the real, original hit recordings by the original artists.
Sound quality is very poor; I would not recommend this collection to anyone. I like the songs they just sound bad.
I would not recommend purchasing this version of the song. Not happy at all. The lead singer sounds terrible. I thought I had purchased the original.
You're kidding me right? Nah, you must be kidding me. I mean, this cat has to be wearing makeup in his pictures, because I swear the other photos are of a darker man, the same face. You're not fooling anyone, son.Anyways, this is some horrible stuff. And it's funny, too. It's like a comedy-satire R&B; album, yo. I laughed and I cried. "Rex Imperius" should be "Wrecks Inferius".Godawful.
Ever wonder what happens to the people who get rejected from "American Idol" during those preliminary auditions? I'm talking specifically about the ones to whom the judges say, "Sorry, sweetheart, singing just isn't for you."  I'm sure most of them probably fail to take this advice to heart, because that would mean allowing a supposed "industry expert" to crush their dreams. So what if the expert is 100% right? Instead, these castaways forge blindly ahead, prolonging the agony for all of us by releasing albums such as "Diamond in the Ruff", the abysmal debut from Dali Blu. I'm not so sure I would liken this album to a precious mineral such as a diamond. However, "Ruff" is quite accurate under the circumstances.I can't blame Dali herself, she probably tried her best. I blame the folks around her, the ones who didn't try to stop this train wreck before it happened. I blame any of the friends or relatives who put up the capital to fund this, and the producer who failed to shut it down. I also fault the musicians who played on it, thus enabling her cat-like warblings to be perpetuated on the internet forever. If I had to sum up Dali's vocal style in two words, my answer would be "ear poison". If you don't trust my judgement, take a listen to the note she tries to hit at around 3:08 on "Could Never Say Goodbye". You'll be very sorry Dali ever said "Hello". If that take was the "keeper", I can only imagine how bad the ones they threw out must have been.It's a "Do Not Resuscitate" from this reviewer.
Don't be fooled by Amazon's co-location of this "Justin Sullivan" with the man of the same name from New Model Army.
Amazon charged me for the song but it did not download to my computer.  I can't find anyway to rectify this and will no longer use Amazon.  Beware.
Same old retread crap.  WTF?  Sounds like every other jam band that's trying to "make it".  Over played, over funk garbage.
These are re-recordings by a totally bogus group. Their copycat renditions are lame. Yes they somehow own the name "The Vogues" but it's not really The Vogues.Consider yourself warned!>  Get:  The Vogues "Greatest Hits"  on Rhino instead
Bought this to take care of my DOOWOP crate in Serato. It is a waste of money.  This is just a bunch of lame covers of original tracks......even though the artist names are the same THESE ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL SONGS!!!
Now we know why they record so many takes in a session! God, what a shame if these get out to ruin the reps of these artists. And what a tribute to the studio director or whoever it is who puts out the hit by moving those slides up and down.A product is cheap, inexpensive, a bargain, or free FOR A REASON!
If this is a sample of what Amazon Prime Music offers, you can keep it. The cuts are all built from a synthesizer, drums are always perfectly timed, cute little bells and other effects are out of place and the lyrics are distorted just enough to get by the copyright laws.
Yep, another batch of remade crap. At least iTunes 'fessed up. Do you guys need our money this bad?
he is a really great singer but the production of the cd sucks. the cd skips and is very poor quality. i sent the first one back hoping it was an isolated event but the second cd came in skipping in different places than the first. i kept it because i couldn't get my money back. i hope he puts out a cd with a decent company.
I LOVE this CD, but there's no need to BUY it. The artist, Trey Songz, released it as a FREE MIXTAPE and had it available for download on his webiste. Buying it is pointless!!!
This is early 60's or late 50's stuff.  If you like the players this is not the music you're expecting.
Such a beautiful song ! I Am not satisfied with this down load. Out of five minutes of play I did not get the fulll length of the song. This is such a shame. I am sad of this purchase, so I deleted it as  soon as I heard it.
I downloaded this MP3 selection based upon the sample which misleads you into believing that it is the "Many Men Have Guns, Tribute to Sgt. McKenzie."  But then the so called "artist" of True Lies breaks in and stinks it up.  Simply awful.
tHIS IS NOT THE REAL SOUNDTRACK FOR TTHE ACTUAL  MOVIE.  THE SONGS AND ARTISTS ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL SINGERS OF THE ACTUAL VINTAGE SONGS.
Very bad audio all the way theough.Do not buy. They were supposed to return my money but did not. It was a complete waste.
59-yr old wanna-bee, tone deaf, pretend &#34;musician&#34; and a legend in his own mind. No name, no fame and no goof tunes worth any money, much less your time. This tripe has been on the web for 3 years and still hasn't scratched even the 1000th rank of a Google search. The guy that put this up is a high school drop-out with a bunch of other losers trying to trick people out of their money when they could be spending those hard-earned dollars on REALGRAMMY nominees and WINNERS!
After listenung to samples of this product, I feel that I should warn all potential consumers that most of these selections are NOT the original versions that you may remember from the very first time you heard them over the airwaves.  STAY AWAY!
I bought this for my friend on her birthday because I know she is really into christian rock. I figured that she would want to hear a local musician and would be really into it. My guess couldn't have been more wrong. She was actually mad the next time a talked to her and hasn't been the same since. She said it was the most self-indulgent garbage she has ever listened to and that I must not know her at all.She gave it back to me so I decided to listen to it to see if it was as bad as she claimed. It was worse. This is the oposite of art. This destroyes all that is good about music and jesus. I think Jesus would be offended by this swill. This piece of garbage guy thinks he is talented, but guess what! WRONG!This album made me lose a friend and become an athiest. Thanks a lot 'Mark Weber.'
I feel this album is trying to be somewhat inspirational; A feat falls flat due to it's generic sound. Almost every song sounds the same, Mundane emotion-less singing back up with a piano rift and computerized beats. I thought because the producer was Joe Secchiaroli, the lead singer of The Reign of Kindo, that the music would have feeling but I was sadly mistaken. This is defiantly an album you want to skip. Mark Weber either should go back to the drawing board or quit. I'm sure tons of people will be happy to know he's done slapping Tombstones.
I really wanted to find the original version but it was not available.IT was not clear that this was not it. The music and vocals were slower and it distorts the original sound.
Don't buy songs off of Last.fm.  You don't know what version of the song you will get.  I've heard several renditions of this song and this is the worst and not the one I thought I was getting.
I have been waiting for this album with great anticipation being that there doesn't seem to be any good music to buy anymore and I just knew Frank McComb would deliver. I couldn't be more disappointed! The tracks are very boring with none of the funky grooves or serious Fender Rhodes licks going on that I'm used to with Frank. It's almost as if he signed with a big label and they sucked all the creativity from him. There may be two cuts worth listening to again and that's being generous. I was excited to see Branford Marsalis on the first track but it was so boring and lackluster even he couldn't save it. It pains me to write this but, I have to tell it like it is. When I heard how bad the two cuts were that he released early were, I thought there had to be better things coming. Well, not so much. Come on Frank, you're capable of much better than this.
Boy, this is just awful. Some chick with loose ties to Sarajevo (genocide anyone?) pairs up with some dopey would-be "producers" and out comes this vomit. Not one hook or memorable section but I'm sure these jokers would claim they meant it to sound like that. Please leave ProTools to the professionals guys!
How one could release this type of garbage is perhaps understandable.  They want to take your money under false pretenses.  How Amazon could partner with them and use their good name, reputation and loyal following is inexplicable.  This collection is simply more fakes.  Yes, I suppose some of the artists performing these titles have the same vowel in their name the original artists had, or once sang backup during the first take of a demo production, but these songs are being sold as if they were the hits!  That is false.  My advice is to stay away and look for the real thing.  I suppose I will have blisters typing up these warnings before I find the originals I am searching for.
There is no such song titled "Stay Just A Little Bit Longer." Track #4 is "Stay" by Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs.
I really can't rate this item because the I purchased it 3 times and it will not download for me.
These are not the original recordings and yet are edited to exactly (or very close to) the original track length -- you now the famous ones by the original artists. I downloaded 5 tracks, which means I'm out 5 bucks. Thanks Amazon. I had to give it ONE STAR in order for the review to post, but this compilation is conspicuously lacking any stars at all.
Apparently at least some of the reviews associated with the two track download of &#34;Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel&#34; are for another cd as this download contains only that track (in a vocal and instrumental version).  More importantly, this is NOT the original recording.
awful  accidently ordered 2 neither played one blank the other skipped was sent a replacement that skipped to and didnt play sent back 2 cds was reimbursed for one
never heard of the guy and do not like the song............  :  (  do not even know how I got it except I think it was free so I got it ??????
Lee Fields should stick with the arrangements and instrumentation that he knows.  This album is a poorly executed attempt at updating Mr. Fields sound to something more like modern R&B; and it fails miserably.  There's not a single song that is memorable and Mr. Fields' vocals sound terribly out of place.  The lyrics are trite.  The music is a horrible panache of differing styles and even the addition of some real keyboards and wah guitar on the last few songs can't elevate this album out of the morass of crapitude it exists in.Prior to hearing this album, I would have said that I love Mr. Fields' work; now I have to say that I love most of his work.  This album is terrible and will get absolutely no more listening time from me; once was enough.(I even removed it from my iTunes immediately after my post-rip listening session.)
I saw Gladys in concert recently, who by the way was absolutely awesome, and she spoke of having something new due out Feb 2013...I ordered Letter Full of Tears thinking it was her new releases....didn't even sound like Gladys and the tracks do not match the songs listed...this selection was a complete disappointment.  I will keep waiting and watching for any new releases from Gladys Knight herself who has gotten oh so much better with time!
I'm being kind using the word "mastered".Don't buy any downloads from Goldenlane Records. Pure crap.And that's the end of my review.
Yikes! AVOID at all costs and just buy the original. Sad to see why Amazon would dare to post such a HORRIBLE cover as a 99cent download!That's just 99 cents too much to ask for
First off, I'll admit I did not buy this. I found it looking for versions of &#34;Blue Moon&#34;.I'm writing this review to inform any unsuspecting buyers that this CD is not a completely Platters CD. The version of &#34;Blue Moon&#34; listed here is the version by the Marcels, and &#34;Sea Of Love&#34; is the version by Phil Phillips. They both sound like the original recordings, but neither song was done by the Platters...or if the Platters ever did record them, it's not their version on this album! Take a preview listen for yourself to hear what I mean.Sincerely,Exchronos
The single is good but the album as a whole was not very good. Wish I didn't buy it, feels like a waste of money.
I did not buy this album after listening to the samples... none of the samples are the original recordings, some don't even sound like the original artists.  I wish Amazon would disclose the fact when songs are not the original recordings we grew up with!
I did not buy this album after listening to the samples... none of the samples are the original recordings, some don't even sound like the original artists.  I wish Amazon would disclose the fact when songs are not the original recordings we grew up with!Not only are they not original recordings, they can't even get the spelling correct on some of the songs... e.g. The have the song "Sha Boom" listed,  that song come out by two artists, The Chords and the Crew-Cuts, the spelling on the song is "Sh-Boom",  I have the Crew-cuts 45rpm record, that is the correct spelling!I buy a lot of MP3s from Amazon, and I ask them for myself and others that might have forked out 9 bucks on this download, please please, review the quality of the downloads, don't tarnish your product line!
...when for a dime more you could own the real thing. It sounds very much like a knockoff, I bought this by accident thinking it was the real version.
... the samples should!This is the offshore call-center version of the classics you love.  Be sure you listen to them all before you buy this; if you still buy it, I hope I never hear what do you do with it.
I think that this guy tried to capitalize on the real artist and song title to get himself recognized but I feel completely ripped off to have purchased this song.
Don't buy this song.  It's the worst cover of a song I have ever heard. I can sing better that this artist
This is NOT TYHE ORIGINAL!!!!! ...some imposter is singing lead, besides the music is BS.....the strings are not the same!!!!  ...however the instrumental is &#34;o.k&#34; ...but just &#34;OK&#34;
If you walk into virtually any thrift store in the United States, there's a good chance you'll find the Space Jam soundtrack.  As of this review, Amazon is showing more than three hundred used copies of the soundtrack available, with many of them selling for three dollars shipped.  A dollar cheaper than this download.Put simply, there's no reason to buy this album.  The original is so cheap and so easy to find that it doesn't make any sense to spend MORE to get inferior cover versions of the songs.
I bought this for all the different R&B groups, groups/songs that I heard when they first came out, yes this was live but it was live with older voices that have lost the ability to sing - carry the notes that made them famous!!! Yes the audience sang along with the groups, it takes you back to earlier times, I remembered most of the words myself, they needed the help. This recording should have carried a warning that these were newer recordings. I was very dissatisfied and if I could have returned this I would have.
I was disappointed to find that this single that I purchased was a live concert version. I almost never prefer buying the live version of a single and I wish this was stated somewhere before I made the purchase. Then to add insult to injury it cost more than the regular version I later purchased.
THIS IS NOT BY HAROLD MELVIN & THE BLUE NOTES. DO NOT PURCHASE WHAT A FRAUD. WHAT A RIPOFF. I AM REPORTING THEM TO AMAZON IMMEDIATELY.
My name is Nicki Collins. I'm a mother of two, I work as much as I can, this year I will be enrolling in Nursing School. I received a message from a person by the name of EMZ MEHTA on facebook. He informed me he was friends with RickyG. He tried telling me that my children's father was molesting our son. I was already aware of the cyber stalking RickyG UFOABDUCTEE had been doing to my ex a couple years prior to us splitting. After I informed EMZ MEHTA to please leave me alone, he began to make comments on my looks, and asked if I had a boyfriend. I asked him kindly to not have any further contact with me. He continued to use rude and vulgar language with me. I had to block the weirdo.Since then RickyG UFOABDUCTEE and his friends off the internet such as Brennan Lundgren have taken pictures from my facebook and posted them online. Then using my name and picture they create various profiles on youtube such as this one here ---->[...]Please, if anyone has this mans real name contact the Springfield Police Department at 541-726-3714 I'd greatly appreciate it.No this is not a prank I'm an actual real person with real feelings.
Might be Southern, but doesn't seem to have much soul. To my (ancient) ears, sounds more like common top 40 crap than Otis Redding or Sam Cooke or Robert Cray. Disco crap, y'all.
I hated this album because i thought it was going to be Marvin Gaye's voice&#62; I a want a REFUND!!!
this is not even a complete  version of  song that i had hoped to download. yes it's the song ,but it's not complete. it actually sounds as though it starts half way through. the sample was not a good respresentation of what i thought i purchased. wish i could get a refund on this . totally unhappy!!
I'm only reviewing this song because Amazon has been relentlessly suggesting that I do so for, like, over a year now. OK Amazon, you win. This song is some kind of pointless alternate version of a song that we probably all know. It's not the original version. Don't buy it.
Creative lyrics then you get slapped in the face by explicit words that a lot of times don't fit. Disappointing.
What a waste of a dollar. Even with all the auto tune, this sucks. Melissa obviously can't sing and she needs to ask for a refund from those producers that created this song for her. They jipped her and her husbqnd out of thousands. My kid is 7, and she sounds much better. What a waste of money and time. If there was a zero rating, that's what I would give.
This song is just another terrible song released by the Gorga girl.  I really wish someone would tell her that she can't sing.  I feel bad that she's making a fool out of herself day after day.
This is not what I thought. I wanted the song Scream by Usher with words not an instrumental like this is. Not pleased at all.
It needs a description so that the buyer knows that he/she is buying "an Usher song without Usher".I guess that's what "tribute" means. This is just an instrumental... no, is and electronic version of the song, feels like a track from one of those Casio keyboards from the 80's. So if that is your thing, by all means, download away.I would have preferred spend the .99 on gum than on this.In the future, I'll keep an eye out for the word "tribute", but still, further clarification that this is just music and no song would be appreciated.
i love this music....good quality recording.  cant say more except it is what i had hoped for.  good stuff..  period.
I am a total fan of Ashford & Simpson's music of the 70's and 80's but this is not that Ashford and Simpson. After Nick Ashford's sad death, Valerie Simpson singing as a solo would fill the gap left by his death. Unfortunately, the material that was recorded on this album is a far cry from the genius of the past Ashford & Simpson works.Valerie Simpson is an amazing vocalist and deserves better material than this.
great singer with bad material. I was expecting something along the lines of what her and her husband produced. Yuk!
This album clearly shows Khia needs to move onto something else. She is a good comedian. However, all of the dissing for promo is unacceptable, it's 2012. Nicki Minaj, Trina, Lil kim, and Diamond are all winning. I think the music speaks for itself. It's fake. She cannot back what she is stating and that is why I cannot take her serious.
I thought i bought a song by the Hunter Hayes that wrote Storm Warning. This must be a different guy because it difnt sound like him at all.
There is nothing original or fresh about this track. Her voice is sub-par/ mediocre at best, and some of the vocal nuances that usually make songs interesting over overused and done poorly. Her voice is almost at its brink range-wise and you can hear the strain.  This song has been sung before and  done before by many different artists. Kind of tired of the 'bitter black woman' songs that keep coming out, and I am a black woman. We need more positive music flowing through our airwaves for our young girls. If we continue to allow our women to settle for whoever whenever, more of these lousy songs will continue to be made. Let's get it together! Let's promote real artists with real talent and not thighs and boobs!
Listened to the first five seconds of this sample and this is obviously not the original recording.  I wish Amazon would start labeling rerecordings properly so people know what they're purchasing.
Every song on this album was a classic.However the live renditions were poorly received..Some cuts were almost unintelligible.I wish there was a way to be refunded for this disappointing musical review.
This is a poor version of the song 25 Miles - it cuts off at the end!  If I could I would have sent it back!
When I purchased this audio CD. I thought I would be getting the original audio CD, not some ripped copy.
I hated it i really wish i could get my money back, its nothing like thier first CD. Can you please refund my money Ill delete the songs I dont like none of them or let me get the first CD.
It's a shame.  There's absolutely nothing new here in terms of sound.  Soundslike Prince's old music standards which actually weren't that great.  It was NEW then.It's SAD now. There's no innovation nor, any real creativity present in this  stuff.They're just hip because they insist that they are.  This exemplifies the false claims.I guess if, you hype something enough people will buy it.  Like P.T. Barnum said,"There's a sucker born every minute."  Every second now.This...is just the same old tired combination of youth, glam,... girl timeat this particular moment in time, and hype served over dubbed synth.
This was the wrong version of the song. I wanted Tamela Mann's version. I wish I could get a refund.
I purchased this item through my mobile device , not realizing that it was only the sound track. I was quite disappointed
I thought this was a CD, not a vinyl record. I was disappointed; maybe it should have been made clearer. Thanks
When I ourchased the album, I thought it was an album with R&B Slow Jams by the original artist, but it turns out that they are all makeovers with artist that do not have that much talent.  Save your money and my original artist.
Boooooo! This is the live version and not the version that was playing on Pandora when I clicked to buy it.
It seems like the Braxtons are featuring these vocalist who can't. Instead of the brothers who i purchased the CD for.I must add those brothers are good musicians however the vocalist choices  have been poor.
Please.  Certainly it was my fault also, but there is only one cut on this CD and they still are charging almost $10 for it?  What a rip off.  Amazon should have warned us.  And the one song is just so so.  Done with these guys.
I didn't like this CD...why? Too much use of loops as the music is repetitive and boring.  I do not recommend!  No effort put into this production.
I thought this group was going to have a nice sounding CD.  Well I really only liked one song.  I wished I didn't purchase the whole CD, just the one song I liked.  Maybe someone else will like it.  I am just not "feeling it".
I thought i was going to get a cd shipped. But this is only downloaded content. Content is fine. But couldn't get any of it to play. Waste of 10.00 bucks
Before purchasing The Skyliners' single hit "Since I Don't Have You" please read this review first. There are several versions offered by Amazon of this iconic hit song. If you desire the best recording of, "Since I Don't Have You" you must purchase the digitally (non-live) re-mastered version. The other non-live version seems to have been copied from a 45 plastic record. Unless you have perversions for noise, do not purchase this particular recording. This recording includes all the pops and scratches associated with a worn 45 plastic record.
Why is Carolyn Malachi Gold album only available in MP3 and not in CD's I would like to buy it.
This shouldnt even be a 1 star rating, amazon should get shut down for even putting this on their site
this is so bad that it makes you want to piss your pants and throw up. its not even considered singing . it just like nails on a chalk board. shame on u d4nny and ur bad music
The sample seemed okay but the whole song didn't meet my expectations. The song kept repeating itself and the singer used too much auto tune.
I was soooo disappointed when I listen to this album on my stereo. I spend good money on stereo components so sound quality is at the top of my list. I did like the songs on the cd, but the cd itself sounds like it was recorded with a old fisher price tape recorder. The sound quality was atrocious compared to all her other cds which I have purchased. Who ever mastered her cd needs to be shunned from the music industry for life. The songs them self I give a 5, the sound quality I give a -4.
I love the cd, but the clarity is terrible. I can't really make out all the sounds on each song. I have all of her cd's and they all sound great, but this one sound like it being played on a cassette player. She need to remaster and reissue and then it will be great!!!
This is the worst music I have ever heard in my life!  Do not waste your $.99.  I can't believe somebody is actually trying to sell this garbage...
This guy has to be trolling with this one... This is beyond what i could have ever imagined. the youtube videos were funny but an album, like why is no one telling this guy he sucks?
Whoever is giving this hot garbage on a plate 5 stars are either deaf or paid actors. Nothing, I mean NOTHING is good about any of this.Stick to your day job Daniel, that is if you even have one of those.
It this a joke. Who approved this deal, his contract? Don't buy this mess. Amazon has many other things you can spend your money on.
I ONLY HEARD THE SAMPLES AND I LITERALLY HAVE A HEADACHE.......I WOULDN'T GET IT IF IT WAS FREE....NO THANKS ILL PASS
Don't waste your time & money buying this crap. I wouldn't give this to my worst enemy. I only heard the samples but that is all you need to hear. Just pure crap!
Marcus Anderson is a rock solid saxophonist and I own 3 of his previous releases.I would own his latest release &#34;Style Meets Substance&#34; but it apparently is dowload only.&#34;Download Only meets No Sale&#34;...Where is the CD version?
This song has no redeeming qualities, as far as I am concerned. I consider my purchase a charitable donation. Couldn't even listen to it twice. I should have known better.
what a waste!!
Love this song ! But was misled by the seller! For 9 bucks. , one would think I was getting her short album not ONE SONG!!! Very slick!
This is a very good EPbut it is not a great EP it doesn't show the vocal talents of the artistseverything sense to be gear toward the club scene and not the contemporaryside. But all in all very good EP.
Jordis Unga raised the funds to make this album via kickstarter and has failed to deliver on any of the rewards, including the provision of this album. Could not recommend supporting this.
Jordis Unga's album is poorly produced, ill-conceived, and difficult to listen to.  The sound quality is worse than albums recorded by indie artists on their home computers.  The worst part about the poor album is that it was created with stolen funds: In June of 2011,  Jordis Unga stole $75,949 from Kickstarter backers and has failed to deliver any of the promised products, including the downloaded version of this terrible album.