This IS NOT THE originalDon't know how to sent it back. But there should be a way to do so.
Amazon imported reviews for some full version, but that's not what you get on the MP3 purchase. You get two songs. I guess that's why it costs less than $2.The two songs are good, though.
Love Brass Construction, I Got This Lp A While Ago. I Was Excited To Hear Them Live. This Seems To Start Live Then They Cut In The Studio Versions Of The Songs With A Dubbed In Audience, & Lots Of Studio Tricks. I'm From ThatFunk Era & I Know Live When I Hear It.
I have not bought this cd but just from the sample songs i can tell they are not the original recordings. I'm from Philly i remember her 1st song Girls have feelings too (1964) followed by Are you ready her number #1 smash hit later on Sad sad girl etc....... These songs on this anthology c.d. have been rearranged and they SUCK!The  original songs could have been remastered through digital technology to enhance the vocal quality  (the back up crew especially the guys  singers were thorwing down accapella).  These remasterd back up singers are young inexperiend singers  who just ain't kicking it.Amazon does offer  the  original  "Are you ready Barbara Mason" colletion  .....but it's going for $199.00 and no m3p or ipod downlads are  availible
I am disappointed with this CD as it contains re-recordings of the original songs. My disappointment has to do with the lack of notification in the summary provided that the songs were re-recorded. I hope someone will decide to release original versions of the songs.
an alright CD at best in my humble opinion . Sound quality is good for a live recording and there is a large variety of music and a fair selection of artists on this particular disc but personally , there were only 2 artist i've ever heard of and only 3 on the whole cd that i liked but thats just me
Harvey & the Moonglows 2000If you prefer original versions search under The Moonglows and you will find 20th Century collection among others with original cuts, and Harvey Fuqua singing lead.
I am truly a J-Hud fan and have waited for this cd forever. It was a truly let down for me with a few exceptions If it isnt love, My heart, I'm his only woman, Invisible and naturally Spotlight best song on the cd!I'm shocked that this is what Clive Davis had in mind for her. Even though Kelly Clarkson's My December had one hit on it and Davis told her to start over and she said no. I'd rather Jennifer to of done it her way then his. But I still love ya Jenn hopefully better next time!!! For now I will be listening to her solo's off of the Dreamgirls soundtrack simply because Love you I do is more like stuff she should be doing.
Whilst it sounds like these are not the original singers,they are.All these tracks are either re-recorded or live versions, hence they sound different to the originals we all love so much.
This is one of those reheated comps that are so commonplace from the 70s and 80s. They take the songs, keep the music tracks but edit out the original singers so that royalties don't have to be paid to them. The music here is all the same, but these are NOT THE ORIGINAL SINGERS. From that standpoint, it is false advertisting that the artists' names are on the playlist. They are NOT on this disc.Having said that, the singers who are on here are pretty good. But let's face it, when it comes to our 70s music nothing but the originals will do!
Wasted a buck on another Amazon download that is not the version you hear on the radio. You want the one from the Love is Lost album. All the samples sound the same, but the recording are much different.
I became interested in this artist because he sang Billie Jean on the Jay Leno show and I was looking for that song.  He has a lovely voice but I am unfamiliar with the songs on the album and did not care for them.
This album shows the limits of "sampling" when the artists being sampled -- in this case Barack Obama and Dr. Martin Luther King -- are geniuses and the sample-ers are mediocre soft-pop musicians.
Waste of money not 320. It sounds muffled in a system, buyers beware.I do not recommend. Should have to advertise bit rate.
Steve Arrington's amazing mid 80s gospel/funk/dance Dancing in the Key of Life LP deserves FOUR STARS, as it includes his best hits "Feel So Real" and "DITKOL" - but this two-star review isn't for the album, it's for Rhino/Atlantic'd shoddy trend in "reissuing" long lost OOP albums - true fans don't want a mere cheap digital MP3 download, we want a deluxe, superior physical CD with .WAV prime sound quality, liner note, photos, package, etc.  I really hope this isn't a growing trend where major labels devalue their own archive artists and dimiss the collectors/fans out their with digital-ONLY reissues.  Sure, it's OK to download this, then burn a CD from MP3 files, but why can't the label release a nice, authentic remastered "silver" CD instead of cheap, disposable blue CDRs?  And then they wonder why music sales are down?!
A friend of mine let me take a listen to this cd and WOW, I was shocked. Tina sounds a little, well a lot off key in most of the songs and production wasn't the greatest...it sounded like a demo tape of in progress vocal training. Every song basically was boring and sounded the same, just different track title. Her range seems limited...she has a voice, don't get me wrong but she needs work...she has the potential. Tina is rough around the edges that needs polishing.
This was not worth the money.  The musicianship wasn't that great and I really couldn't get into the songs.  I'm into a wide variety of music.  I bought Jethro Tull's &#34;Thick as a Brick&#34; and it was well worth the money for the album.  It was a 45 minute 2 part song.  This album is not that great. I would say that it has limited appeal.
I get it. The man died and that sucks. Especially since he was only 50 years old and arguably one of the most influential musicians ever. But re-releasing old songs with the instrumentals turned down? I found myself wanting to stop this CD every couple tracks just so I could hear the originals.He had a great voice as a child and the fact that they didn't have to do any post-production on it is inspiring. Today's music is chock full of auto-tune awfulness that gets called singing, and yet here was a child who could sing for all he was worth with no assistance. That aspect of these recordings is great. But honestly, was anyone clamoring to hear these tunes with the vocals more clear and the instrumentals all but muted?Pop music is the end product. And as good as the individual pieces are going in, I think it should be judged as a whole. This album is unnecessary and comes at a time where I can't help but think they're just trying to make some money by capitalizing on a tragedy. Don't give them the satisfaction, instead throw the old Thriller cassette into the stereo and pump it! I know you still have yours too, it's in the dusty box in the attic. Way back. :D
Irma Thomas Is a Fabulous Singer; this recording quality is poor, muddy muted sounds, a disservice to the power of Irma's Voice- Buy a different Album.
This album is mostly covers, so it's unfair to say they are not the original recordings. Stay, however, was a hit for Muarice Williams and the Zodiacs and even it is not the original hit recording.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because I have a penchant for covers. I would suggest this CD only for others that have a similar passion for covers. Even then, the work is sub-par.
Why did they do it? O.k., I can understand, re-mastering a song , for better sound qulity, but the fact is, this beatiful classic, was re-arranged, as well! It could be that , this version, was un-released. It doesn't sound as gritty, as the vesion, that was released, in 1981. I DON'T LIKE IT!!!
Love this song just not this version.  I think this one is  a live version not the one I have heard before.
I love BSFN's "Peace Love and Understanding," but I'm not sure what happened between that album and this one.  Having listened to "King of the Party" several times now, I'm still left cold by it.  I don't feel the party vibe that's supposed to be there.
Everybody likes '5 o'clock World'  and it is a a great track with a deserving following but there really isn't another track on this album that is anywhere near the awesomeness of that track.
Good voice, not quite my taste. If you like Blues/ jazz you will like this CD!! Would like to hear ballads from him.
I LOVE the voice, the personality, the songs, the music, everything!  I AM disapointed in the CD's that I bought.  I bought 2 of the "Leave Your Hat On" CD's, (1 for me and 1 for a friend).  After playing it about 4 times, it started skipping on several songs.  I changed players and it was the same.  There appeared to be nothing visually wrong. The other CD's I play on my player are fine.  I hope my friend's CD does not have the same problem.Always will be a fan,Judy
Like his style on show,  new stuff is just ok.  A few good songs.  He is a great singer, though.
if ur into pitchy tones, that dont sound good together. GET this CD... I only like 2 songs on this CD. The whole feel of this CD is too GENERICALLY OLD.. It seems forced.. He tried
Beware, Not Original Recording!If you grew up with the originals you might not like these.I for one can clearly tell the difference in the music and their vocals.
The quality is a little low, but otherwise good to hear Solomon's songs. I probably won't buy any more MP3's of his work, though.
This is NOT the original '60's hit song, but a mediocre release of the song by Dion--and not his best effort either.  I deleted it from my library.
Disapointing album from one of the world's best soul singers.  I was hoping this would be a reissue (plus bonus tracks) of the ABC Records (Duke/Peacock) recordings issued in 1973 but unfortunately this is not the case.  With the exception of the wonderful hit &#34;Funny&#34; the majority of the other songs are &#34;throw aways&#34;...many written by Hinton himself who should have stuck with being a singer and not a song writer. The ABC recordings mostly written by Malone are much, much better and incredibly performed by Hinton but I recommend staying clear of the &#34;Essential Soul&#34; recordings...nothing essential at all with the exception of Track #1.
i been a huge stevie fan since his first hit song addicted. and i loved his second album as well but... i just bought this album and listen to every song and i could say honestly.. that  this album is his worst:/ i loved stevie slow jams talking about love and mix it with some  club bangers but.. this album feels strange and it doesn't feel like the stevie hoang we use to.  there is like 2 or 3 songs i like in the album.  half a chance, no good and i'll be fine. if ur a true r&b lover and u listen to stevie from the start im pretty sure u feel the same. for this reason im going to give it 2 stars
It's the same songs played different ways! Very disappointed! I heard Mia @ New Orleans Jazz Fest a few years back and loved her voice. Oh well.
accidentally purchased the wrong thing!! I was looking for the actual song, not the &#34;Style Of...&#34; and I didn't READ before I clicked!! Oh well, that's what happens when you get in a rush!
It is clear that, with his last "Where I'm comin' from", singer-guitarist Dave Keller wants to put himself definitively into the legion of blue-eyed soul men around. Compared to his previous selfpenned effort, this release shows a great musicianship, an increasing attention to arrangements and production and a full-body sound due to a tight and punctual horn section. Musically speaking, all seems to work well here and sure it does. So, what's sometimes wrong with this outing? To me, it is Keller's voice which doesn't seem to have enough strength to be a serious contender to other members of contemporary soul music kingdom. This fact is evident here and there throughout the whole set where his thin voice struggles to elevate above an adequate level; but expecially on the cover of Robert Cray "Steppin' out", the limits reveal themselves. This cover version tries really hard to follow the original one on both the singing and the guitar solo parts. But Cray's soulful, perfectly modulated voice as well as his singular guitar skills and language are too personal and unique that I just can't immagine who on earth could ever be able to reach and duplicate in a believable way. Although thanks to the duet with Tr&egrave; Williams the right spice and some thrills are added on "The things we have to do", the rest of the material just scratches the surface, but doesn't leave permanent marks.If you look for something real deep and some gut-bucket soul singing, I'm afraid you'd better look elsewhere; Tad Robinson, Darrel Nulisch, Billy Price, Mike Ferris, Amyl Justin (to name a few of those blue-eyed singers) would do better for you.
This has got to be the worst collection of Live PerformancesI could'nt even recognize most of the songs , the singing was absolutely HORRIBLEThe only group I recognized was The Four TopsWell what was i expecting for the price, guess that old saying is true"You Get What You Pay For"LMBBO!!!!!!!
Didn't care for it.
Waste of money, not 320. Should have to advertise bit rate. It is such a shame that I have to take a gamble everytime I purchase music here.
I wanted the best of Harold Melvin and was comparing the selections and prices, settling on this one.  I didn't pay enough attention.  When I finally listened to it, I immediately recalled that the songs do say "re-recorded."  This is probably not what you want.
Mr. Kiwanuka's CD is a pleasant surprise in today's non-melodic world of music. Nice to listen to - but comparisons to Bill Withers and the Big O? - give me a break. The only valid comparison I can think of is Terry Callier
From track 6 on the tracks are off by one. I don`t know what`s missing. Otherwise it should be a good album.
it was just not their style. well performed but that song just did not offer this great group of singers a platform to show their greatness in my humble opinion.
I listen to a lot of music from every genre, but I really did not know what to make of this. The sound seemed kind of amateurish, and the vocals seemed undeveloped. I think it takes a lot of courage to put one's art on display for the whole world to hear. I would love to see more work from this artist with more serious material and more mature vocals.Good Luck in your career!
Beach Boys fan? Bet you have all the songs, well, maybe except for "That's Why God Made The Radio". There are better greatest hits compilations than this one. Does Capitol Records have someone sit around to come up with the umpteenth way to repackage the same old, same old. YAWN! The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because it is the Beach Boys.
For the amount of money I paid for th Lascel Wood CD I expected there to be more songs on it.  I was very disappointed.
This was not what I was looking for at all. I have nothing left to say about this, it was not Tamela Mann's version
Dionne Farris is an incredibly gifted singer. I've been a fan since her first solo hit &#34;I know What You're Doing&#34;. I was excited to purchase For Truth, If Not Love. My -3 star problem is the profanity. Unfortunately, the album did not come with the prerequisite Parental Advisory. There are F-bombs scatter around that spoil the experience of what could have been an excellent litstening experience for me. I was all ready to suggest it to friends, but with all the filthy language, I could not. Maybe this is why I'd never heard of this release before, and why it was on the $5 block.
3 and 4 track did not play, I had it for one week, looking at the cd it did not look right
These studio musicians are great!  Not the real thing... which I didn't notice if it was spelled-out, but they're good.  Very good.  Trouble is; be sure that it's the real thing if that's what you looking for.  I didn't and I wish I had.  Sound-alikes are well, you know.
Sorry Kandi! I like you, but can't stand this song. It would've gotten a "1" but since Marvin Sapp is on it, it deserved at  least a "2"
Not my type of music .. not enough &#34;mo town&#34; in it. Purchased it as a gift but got to listen to it.
This CD only contains two of the artists' own recordings,  The rest of the CD is filled with so-so renditions of other artists' songs.  This CD was disappointing and I regret the purchase!
I was surprised to see the release of a new Jean Carne album, however, I was a bit disappointed when I played it.Jean, now I love me some Jean Carne, but I think you messed up your classic songs trying to update them.  Just my opinion.  I have all of her older material and will revert back to listening to those classics.
I really like this song, but the quality of this recording was really bad.  I deleted it from my list.  Sorry :(
The CD was nice until I got near the end, about 8 it kept skipping and the next one did the same.
Big fan of Amel L and I've purchased all of her previous recordings. This is my least favorite of all.  The lyrics, arrangements are mediocre at best.  Even the sound quality is lacking.  Very disappointed.
I would give the music on this collection a solid &#34;B.&#34;  Although inconsistent, there are a handful of very nice West Coast funk & soul selections here.  I would give the packaging, however, an &#34;F-.&#34;  It is simply inexcusable to fail to include the names of the artists who recorded these songs.  Yes, you can go to the internet and find out that the artists include the likes of Jean Wells, the Chosen Few, etc.  But to fail to include this basic info on the printed material on the CD cannot be forgiven.
Really didn't care for this body of work. It didn't appear that there was a whole lot of work or effort put into this album. Talent and production was weak. Don't get me wrong - I still love AJ!!! Out of respect for the well-established talent of the artist I gave this 2 stars but I just didn't like this offering at all.
Soul for Real's song should've been left alone.. This kid's management isn't doing him any favors. I'm sticking with the original.
For a women in her 30's this is like she stepped back into the sweet 16 mode and the calaborations on the album were medoicre at best. I really love her voice, but she needs a new label, new material and some range. She posesses all that she needs to be a superstar but it's just not being conveyed. Will the real Maya PLEASE STAND UP!!!
I am a Keke Wyatt fan.  She has pipes of steel.  Her live vocals are always PHENOMENAL.  This EP doesn't make use of the instrument God gave her.  With all the auto-tune and other sound effects she ends up sounding like Kelly Rowland, Beyonce, or any other average singer.  No tea, no shade but Keke Wyatt could sing both of those girls under the table lying in bed with the flu and a temperature of 104.  I know she's young (32?) and she wants her chance to be &#34;that girl&#34; playing in heavy rotation on the radio.  I understand that.  It's a shame that in order to do that, she has to &#34;water down&#34; her vocals to sound like everybody else.