I like this song.  Ray J is an Ok artist.  He needs to grow up an leave the trashy reality shows alone.  I think he could appeal to a broader audience if he does.  I would recommend this to others.
First Xp Single by recording artist Johnnie Newkirk Jr. and New West Music & Publishing, Inc. Good start.
--but maybe nothing very exciting either.  This one is definitely for Les McCann's fans, not for someone new to his art.  For that &#34;Live at Montreux&#34; might serve a whole lot better.  That's it in a nutshell:  major artist -- minor work.  As for myself, I'm still awaiting the release of &#34;Les McCann's Music Box,&#34; which I bought on a small label LP in the late 80s -- now, there was a FUN recording -- suggestive, but not explicit.
I Love Slave they know's funk, this LP' is Slave trying to stay Slave, and Hey! again it's Slave, another good LP', but not as grate as (Slave, Hardness of the World, The Concept, Just a Touch of Love, Stone Jam, Showtime, Visions of the Lite, Bad Enuff,and New plateau), But still It's Slave at there best what more can we ask for, I got some of there later LP's (Make Believe 1987' Slave 88' 1988' Rebirth 1990' Masters of the Fungk 1995, and the Funk Strikes Back, some good stuff, but this reissue of Unchained At Last is a rip off, it need's to get back in chained, if they stayed on the Cotillion Records, and not Ichiban Records this wouldn't had happen.
This CD is fine if you are a first timer with The Escorts. However, as they became popular their sound became better along with a better selection of songs. Oooo Baby Baby is definately a classic. The Look Over Your Shoulder CD of theirs is a better deal with more songs to enjoy.
It is an okay CD, Some song are good, and other are if you absolutely have to listen to them. They are there to listen to them, but you may want to skip them if it does not gain your interest.
Album built around brilliant single - "OTBJ" is still one of the most powerful & mysterious songs ever recorded,but the rest of the LP is basically variation on the same sound, repeated until the trick became painfully obvious. "Niky Hoeky" is great fun,but still,we ard it all before.Gentle,acoustic ballads like "Sunday best" and "I saw an Angel die" hint at different direction in the future and thankfully,Gentry moved on very soon.Interestingly enough,voice is bit rough around the edges and leaves impression that producers wanted it that way,in the future Gentry would sound softer and more effective - her husky sound did not need any mannerisms to make it sound more interesting.Off the wall moment: full blown insect paranoia "Bugs" might be symbol for something else but it still baffles me,one way or another.
Most of this album is 80's and 90's concert performances.  Dionne's not bad in this, but not a great choice if you're looking for a best of album.
From William Cooke this cd is alright but all songs I expected is not on here from when I listened to him back in 1968 in rural south Carolina.
The CD that came to me did not have the same cover as the one shown.  This makes me question whether or not I got the correct music.  The one I ordered said &#34;The platinum and gold collection&#34; and the one that I received said &#34;the very best of&#34; the Delfonics. I went back to the website to compare the songs and none were listed.  My error for presuming that a &#34;Platinum and Gold&#34; collection of songs would have all of my favs. I thought it was a safe bet.  It was a &#34;P;atinum and Gold Collection&#34; :)I bought this for my music loving hubby as a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  Now the dilemma is to find something else or just keep it.  Warning, if you cant see the songs listed do not purchase.  The Delfonics are great anyway but I should have made my purchase based on the songs listed and the reviews. Not sure I will keep it.
The O'Jays tried to follow up the success of "So Full Of Love" with "Identify Yourself" and it just didn't work. They did have 2 very good songs in "Sing A Happy Song" and " Forever Mine", but the rest of the album is just there. What can I say, they tried!!!!
I love amy's back to black album, first to last song.  B-sided was just so-so.  The first three songs: valerie, cupid and monkey man are great though.  Cupid and Valerie are similiar to back to black with its 60's motown feel. Monkey Man was a fun ska-esque surprise. The other songs just don't feel finished or have much emotion to them.
I can see why these tracks were left off the album, but for a die-hard Winehouse fan, you should get this.
I bought this cd after listening to the bass player on youtube.  I expected a bass dominated masterpiece but got a mediocre "light" rhythm & blues cd, with very little bass dynamics. I would not buy a Li'nards cd again.
I've really enjoyed this album.  It is fun and uplifting without much of a 'teeny-bopper' appeal.
Wanted the original, downloaded this one by accident. Singer did a pretty good randiton, but still not like the original.Overal I still will use this song in my video edits.
I am a super music lover of the sixtys thru the seventy's and that includes DISCO.  Roller Disco Hits sounds great and great to dance and work out to. The main problem I find with this 2 c.d. album is although the sining is alright it s NOT the original singers that are mentioned on the description. The price was only $2.00 so I was very pleased with my purchase.  This is well worth the price.Dennis B.
Please note that while these are very good recordings by Freda Payne, they are remakes (not the original hit recordings).
Amen is a powerful arrangement.  I suggest getting just Amen from this one and getting the entire Freedom No Go Die. The music of Kapital is good, but the lyrics are dumb and hard to ignore.
Get Lifted/Once Again has quite a few good tunes. In fact, I'd say this album has more music than is normally offered on albums of its kind. I would likely purchase another John Legend album or song.
Not sure the other people providing ratings are true fans of the Atlantic Star, or know the band's history.  Please be aware that Atlantic Star had 4 different female lead singers over the life-span of group's existence - where may be where the confusion is - as a listener may be expecting one vs the other. BUT - sample one song before buying a CD.  Sometimes listening to a song 20 years later - sounds a bit off from what we remember. Sample, sample, sample.
The songs are mostly redos by unknown groups trying to copy the original songs. My advise is to listen to the songs first. If you just want the song for songs sake then this is ok but if you want the original group and song pay for the original album.
Seems like ok overview of early yardbirds but where disc 2 lol?  good 60s band very influential as most rock fans should know clapton, beck , and page all being from this band music is very creative compared to other bands of the 60s in my opinion try it out.  This is one of few collections with oringal versions of songs and not full of live versions but you may want the actual cd if u want the other disc lol (it wasnt available for download wen i posted this .. just sayin in case they put it on here later) With both discs its one of the better collections of yardbirds imo but ultimate! (compiled by rhino)is a 2 disc 52 song compilation should be better.
If you are attracted to this product, at least in part, because it claims to offer "Stroll On - Original (Film Soundtrack Version 'Blow Up')," be warned: it ain't so. Instead, you will receive a double helping of "Sweet Music" .. arguably one of the weaker tracks here. The same flaw seems present on the compilation "Shapes of Things". For the actual "Stroll On", go to "Blow-Up Original Soundtrack."
As a huge MJ fan, I do own this CD and enjoyed hearing these mixes.  Not for the reasons we are supposed to buy the CD for, however.  After all, it is not news that Michael Jackson was an extraordinary singer, and these mixes don't make his vocals shine any differently than they do on the original, fuller mixes.  Rather, I enjoyed hearing these versions for how they bring out some of the nuances that are harder to hear in the original versions, as well as for the use of some alternate takes and endings.The songs selected here are not mixed in a consistent way; that is, some have essentially no drum or rhythm tracks, others include congas and shakers, and in "Ain't No Sunshine" there is the underlying bass drum with occasional snare rim shots which seem as though they tried but could not entirely eliminate.  Some songs include string arrangements, some don't.  Some songs retain backup vocals, some don't.Somewhat misleadingly, not all of the songs are simply the original well-known versions minus most of the instrumentation.  Several songs contain extended, unnecessarily repeated or previously unheard fade-outs ("Who's Loving You", "ABC," "I Want You Back," and "I'll Be There" which has an oddly edited ending), while "We've Got A Good Thing Going" is a COMPLETELY different (and much less desirable) take than the original version.  Also, "With A Child's Heart" contains a different intro than the original version and "Got To Be There" contains extra backing vocals that were edited out of the original.The collection starts out very promising, though.  The mix on opener "I'll Be There" demonstrates what could have been a great idea; the vocals here are among young Michael's gentlest and most touching, and the mostly acoustic arrangement fits very well in this "stripped" form.  "Darling Dear" is also a standout, though perhaps as much for Michael as for what is regarded as one of the best bass lines ever, which at times takes front and center here (but that's not a bad thing--it's amazing!).  At just 38 minutes, I wouldn't spend much money on this.  The originals were pop-soul perfection as it is.  But find it cheap, used, or free and it's worth a listen.
The selection of songs choosen are excellent, as I never heard the Jackson Five sing some of those songs before.  In addition, the sound quality is excellent as well.
Stripping away some instrumentation and background vocals and, in some places, adding new, acoustic instrumentation, pushes Michael's vocals to the forefront. An interesting experiment, but it should be remembered that Michael's vocals were originally recorded on top of the finished tracks and were performed to be heard over or complement the arrangements. Isolated as they are here, some come across as overly forceful or strident. Great vocals they are, but definitely meant to be heard in their original context. Fun to listen to, but after the novelty wears off you'll still much prefer the original recordings.
I love Aaron Nevile's music and listen to the few I already have on a regular basis.  Christmas just can't go by for me without listening to Aaron's version of Ave Maria several times.  I was excited to download more of his stuff, but this selection doesn't seem to ME to be Aaron's best.
I thought this was the first album with original songs but it was all remakes but was ok for now
This mixtape is better than her last two albums, if you bought those I somewhat share your misfortune. I was pleasantly surprised when I heard this, if nothing else give it a listen.
Some of the recordings in this collection may not be what you expect -- for example, &#34;I've Been Loving You Too Long&#34; seems to be some kind of doctored  or live version -- definitely not the studio recording. On first listen, I think other cuts here ARE the studio versions. Check out the audio samples before buying and see what you think.
I was rather disappointed by this album being a live recording. They don't make that clear AT ALL!! still all the content here is great, even though it sounds like crap!BE AWARE
I'm surprise that I had never heard of Sean before.  After seeing Subaru's commercial featuring the song Powerful Stuff, I figure I would give it try.  Worst case scenario there would be one song on it that I liked.  Low, behold, this CD is pretty good... it has a folksy, bluesy vibe to it...  I'm definitely checking out his other projects....
gave it this rating because only one song is really good on the cd.  would not recommend it.  but was the song i wanted.  thanks to amazon
The first thing I want to mention regarding this album is the picture above which allegedly appears on the Indigo release. That's LaVern Baker who is not even represented. My copy bears a striking photo of Ruth Brown, who IS in the set (and which I include in the images above).With that out of the way, on the surface this appears to be a collection of 48 original 1950 sides that made what then passed as the R&B; charts (Most-Played Juke Box Rhythm & Blues Records and Best Selling Retail Rhythm & Blues Records) and, to these old ears anyway, the majority here are, indeed, the original hit versions. BUT, there are obvious exceptions led by Wedding Boogie (track 18 in disc 2). In its original studio hit version, billed as Johnny Otis' Congregation: Little Esther, Mel Walker, Lee Graves, it reached # 6 in November 1950 as Savoy 45-764. Here, however, what you get is a "live" version.The problem is, there is no discography with this release so we have no way of knowing when and where this rendition was actually recorded. Another along those lines is Oh Babe (track 22 in disc 2) which shows Wynonie Harris & The Tiny Bradshaw Orchestra. But the December 1950 # 7 hit as King 4418 was by Wynonie Harris with Lucky Millinder & His Orchestra. Is this a re-make by Harris with Bradshaw or is the listing in error. Neither this track nor Wedding Boogie are even mentioned in Les Fancourt's skimpy single page of notes so there is no clarification there. Considering that he wrote, among other things, The Blues Discography, you might think they could have expanded the insert to at least include chart and label details for each of the tracks. But since they didn't, leaving questions about some of the other 46 sides, I have to deduct 2 stars.For whatever it's worth I have re-listed all 48 sides in the Comments below showing the type of information they SHOULD have included if these were all indeed intended to be presented as the original hit renditions. As for the overall sound reproduction quality, that is quite acceptable.For the record, three other artists involved have also been inducted into the R&R; Hall Of Fame as performers - Fats Domino in its inaugural year of 1986, Big Joe Turner in 1987 and John Lee Hooker in 1991, while Louis Jordan and Charles Brown were admitted in the Early Influence category in 1987 and 1999 respectively and Johnny Otis in 1994 in the Non-Performer category. In the Blues Hall Of Fame, which opened its doors in 1980, are John Lee Hooker (1980), Lightnin' Hopkins (1980), Roy Brown (1981), Big Joe Turner (1983), Louis Jordan (1983), Percy Mayfield (1987), Lowell Fulson (1993), Wynonie Harris (1994), Charles Brown (1996), Johnny Otis (2000), Fats Domino (2003), Roy Milton (2006) and Amos Milburn 2010). The R&B; Hall Of Fame, which was launched in 2013, has not yet admitted ANY of the artists here in two years of inductions - what are they waiting for?
The majority of these songs are not the original versions of the songs when they first came out. Of course the live versions are different but the studio songs are not quite the same either.  Most people won't hear the difference and while it is a good price for what it is don't expect originals.  I have learned if I see remastered and re-recorded on songs listed on compilation albums they sometimes aren't original recordings. It is OK for background music though.
I seen this young man and his band perform recently and I have to say he was pretty good.A venue promoting new talent and he did his thang, and by watching the rest of the crowd they liked him too. Yes he's a bay area local, It's about time we get some good R&B artists out to represent the Bay! Keep Doin Yo Thing Boy.
For some reason this soundtrack on my Kindle Fire HD sounds like listening to a warped record. I am not happy with it.I love the songs and the group, not not this way.
The covers songs on this mini album are good. I should know because I was on all the sessions for this music. The arrangement of the Tower of Power tune "Don't Change Horses" was mine. The problem is the album cover shows a different band than the musicians who REALLY played on this lp! The fabulous hummerz are no longer a working band...it was THE HUMMERS who created all this music and who are still out their performing live. I guess the one rotten egg(former band member) decided to make a quick buck without letting his other former bandmates know....
great artist... great songs.. I would give 10+ stars for talent.. I rated low only for the fact that it was not stated clearly on site that the cd is an ep and only has 4 songs on it..:( but again those 4 songs are amazing!
after watching michael on tv, i was greatly anticipating a fantastic album from him.  he seemed like such a nice young man and i really liked his voice.  the entire album is raspy / rough.  i was hoping for something other than the entire album being a blues album.  it is clear that other people were influencing michael on this album.  the album is 'okay', but not near as good as he was on tv with all the different styles of music he was asked to sing.  it would be really good to hear him do an album with different varities and styles of music other than all blues.
I was disappointed with the song choices that were performed on this DVD.  I wanted to hear the types of songs that he performed on the America Has Talent TV Show when he competed for the top prize.  I guess that I should have listened before ordering the DVD.
Would have liked a more studio sound than live. Loved the duets but everything started sounding the same. Too much screaming for me.
it ok not great but worth having. some cuts are great to listen to often. I will keep in my music library' that's all
if you like good old oldies this would be a good choice and the movie was pretty good too, it has an old twist to the story plot.
I bought this after KCRW played "I Need a Dollar" over and over again during their semi-annual pledge drive.  I must admit, that song is definitely catchy and cool.  However, I wasn't a fan of the rest of the album.  I'm certain there's plenty of you out there who are big fans of this sort of music, but it just didn't hit it off with me.
I LOVE :  I need A dollar!  I listen it to it every morning heavy to work , And then I Thanks God I do got a job to go to  Thanks for the True words Aloe
Good download; talented group;just remember, this is a cover group.  You will not get Earth, Wind and Fire.  Otherwise, it's okay
One maybe two songs but understand that  he is a young artist. maybe next time or has there been a new one
Wow, I remember when Chaz Lamar Shepherd and Maia Campbell were both signed to Atlantic Records in the late 1990s.  I believe even Jason Weaver was signed with them as well.  It's good to see that after all of this time, Chaz has been able to fulfill his dream of releasing an album.  Although I think a few of the songs are very similar, it's nice to see that there are actual R&B singers still out there. Congrats, Chaz.  I also hope he reprises his role as "Trey Wiggs" when "The Game" premieres it's fourth season on BET this January.
My Disconet version of "If You Could Read My Mind" runs a full 13:09, not 12:03.  In remastering this song, did the record company cut off a whole minute of the ending or the intro or what?  (Just curious; not planning on buying this based on the other review regarding the quality of the remastering.)
This is a great collection of fun songs, but the recording quality sounds like that of a cheap transistor radio.  Maybe they were going for that old-time radio sound?  Unfortunately, it does a real disservice to her voice.
Michelle's "Any Other Time" is a narrative erotic novella. Told in the voice of the main female character, readers are introduced to a women fed up with the same routine with her current boyfriend and seeks out an erotic adventure with a total stranger. As the story unfolds readers are introduced to the woman's scandalous sister and a mystery that still has me wondering what in the world just happened.I was able to listen to this CD in my car in about 30 minutes. The sex scenes were descriptive and steamy but the underlying plot of murder left me a little confused. Although the ending may have been written as to have a part two, there could have been a little more clarification to leave the listener satisfied. A little more insight into the murder and deception would have made this a 4-star listen.
Really enjoyed her music. Not only do I enjoy her music but also the other artists featured on the disc.
This is really not my kind of music but for exercising I can tolerate it as it does provide a good steady beat all the way through. Someday somebody is going to figure out a player that you can adjust the beat easily to meet what you want to do. I don't give much of a crap about the music, its the beat that makes the difference.
I'm critiquing this album based on the samples.  I'm a diehard Jacksons fan, so owning this album is almost an obligation.  As far as my rating of 3 stars, blame it on the production. Motown did Jackie's fledgling solo career an injustice. This album presents him as a 70's style crooner; which Jackie pulled off. But the material wasn't equal to the artist; neither was the marketing.  Poor Jackie didn't have much say in the production.  Berry Gordy and to some extent Joe Jackson were trying to milk the young Jackson 5 popularity machine for all it was worth.  As a result, this album didn't go as far it could have if better production, songwriting and marketing choices had been made.Strictly musically speaking, this album is ok. It falls short of being great because of the aforementioned flaws, not because Jackie Jackson didn't deliver musically. His cover of "Didn't I Blow Your Mind" amplifies my point that the most redeemably performed single on this album was an already established hit by another artist. Ask yourself ... could Jackie have performed any of the other singles other than "Didn't I Blow Your Mind"  live onstage in a Jackson 5 concert and it be well received? Nope! Ladies & Gentlemen ... the defense rests!As 70's album, nostalgia & sentiment aside, it was adequate. But Jackie's talent deserved better. For diehard Jackson fans & completists this album is a necessity though not urgent as an essential must-have purchase.
The recording quality is OK for the most part.  The problem here is that there are only 2 or three of Charles' classic songs and the rest are thow ins.
I didn't realize that the songs were being performed by Funk Pioneers. Nothing bad to say about Funk Pioneers but I was looking for original Artist
The correct name of the SWALLOW THE BIRD song is "Your Neighbor Makes Me Sick".  Oddly enough, there is a song by SWALLOW THE BIRD named "My Rockin' Horse Has Died", but this song is not that song.  If anyone knows how to get in touch with anyone that has to do with the band, SWALLOW THE BIRD, please let me know.
Some hot tracks but not as good as her first album. The beats can be distracting taking making you not even want to listen to some songs.
This album is deep and real. I love it,  especially the songs &#34;Crazy in love&#34; and &#34;Seven&#34;. Keep it coming Alicia!
Christion Gray is &#34;deep&#34; and very creative.  He voice, without a doubt, is God-given.  Why 3 out of 5?  Its all about preferance.  I enjoy most of Christon Gray's work and this album has some good tracks with profound messages.  I just rate the album as whole three stars out of five.  Do I regret purchasing this download?  Not at all.  It's still an album you want to have in your collection.
I think the song is worth buying and hope to hear more from this artist.  I had never heard of him until I saw his video on the dasouth.com.
To be very clear...this review is based upon both the quality of the music AND the quality of the audio offered.  First, any fan of this album knows it to be classic D.C. go-go.  The percussion, rhythm, lyrics, etc....all pure funk.  I mean, this album really Stanks!  However, I hope that whomever owns the master copyrights might consider going back into the studio and really giving this album the remastering expertise it so richly deserves.  Cranked pretty wide, it's pretty ok.  But putting on Dre's beats and trying to jam to this might be an ordeal only a truly hardcore fan might be willing to endure.  There are important nuances that are overwhelmed by the static and noise in this production that might prevent a potentially new fanbase from discovering this old school gem.  And that would be a shame...DC go-go is long overdue in reaching the national acclaim it has so long deserved.
With great production values and well crafted rhythms Colonel Red walks a path laid out before him by the likes of D'angelo and a limited number of soulful artists. The album is one that I can put on and let play just about all the way through.  Tracks 4, 5, 11, and 12 stood out to me the most.  Give him a listen I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
It has been awhile since Boyz II Men had came out with something new, rather than just a bundle of covers. After Motown: A Journey Of Hitsville and the dissapointing 2009 Love album, they have finally decided to make another collaboration. Their latest song, More Than You'll Ever Know with Charlie Wilson from their upcoming album Twenty, is fairly decent in their way of swooning with ladies all over. While it isn't like a throwback to their classic 90's days in music, it still is honestly better than all the wasted talent on the radio in R&B; from jokes like Rihanna and Beyonce'. If you've loved Boyz II Men for all their legacy, than try More Than You'll Ever Know for your music library.Song: C+
I was disappointed because the cd only contained about 3 really great songs; the should have included a better selection of songs.
Not some of James best live material by a long shot. Recording quality is nothing to write home about either. Probaly a collection of live tapes James Brown's estate does not have the writes to. For $5 ok but that's all I can say.
This album is what you'd expect from RR in that the playing is flawless and his characteristic sound is as wonderful as always.It's not what you'd expect in several ways. First, none of the hits are here; this album does NOT contain "Ain't nothing wrong with that," "I need more love," or even "Soul refreshing." I have seen RR play these live and he tears the place up! But not on this album. Why there is no track list displayed is an unfortunate oversight. Second, the jams aren't too terribly inspired, and I got to the final track feeling like each song was 1 to 2 minutes too long. The energy of a live RR show just didn't come across like it did on "Live at the Wetlands."If you haven't heard "Live at the Wetlands" yet, hold off on this release and get "Wetlands" first.
I was a little disappointed. I was expecting more happy sax music, more up beat stuff. Billy Jean was pretty good, maybe the next CD will be more upbeat, he does not seem comfortable with the sax, and musicians that are comfortable with their instruments, it shows in the music.
A clean, cohesive, and colorful weave of many threads, creating a melodic cloth that is both immediately comfortable and strong enough to be durable for the long haul. Built on a backbone of straight-ahead rock, GK blends elements of funk, jazz, blues and pop into a full-bodied cocktail of sonic delight that appeals to a wide range of connoisseurs. Burning Man has wonderful texture and flavor, marking a very strong first effort from new artist GK.
The artist sounds extremely similar to Duffy or Adele, like the lovechild created if those two ladies' voices came together. It's nice, but there wasn't anything that stood out to make me really love this song.
Good stuff from a talent in her own right, now adding to the bottom on Prince's stage. Funk, RnB and pop fans will dig this one.
I ordered the kiss cd by mya it says bonus track song #19 love is the answer a great song the song is not on the cd?only 18 songs? where is the song?you have to send me new cd with that song on it love is the answer on it? thatis false advertisement? no song it is listed on the song sleve on the cd but no song? send me address so I could return the cd for a new one CS out.
I like the production of this song, but that's as far as it goes. It could've been a more solid song, but the chorus and bridge kinda kills it for me. Mya recruited the Baddest Chick for this song, and Trina delivers, but it still wasn't enough to sway me.
My inner gay male can fully appreciate this song, while the woman in me just isn't feeling it. It's very... VERY J-pop, but NOT in a good way. I understand the message about a group of friends hanging out and there's always that... ONE chick who just gyrates everyone's nerves. But... this song is a lot like that annoying chick in the group. You can only put up with it for so long before you find yourself yelling, "somebody come get this b**** song off my PC!"
That's a question every artist needs to answer but Passion has not. He has the singing chops of a good R&B singer but none of the swagger. Most of his album is forgettable with the cutesy Lemonade as possibly it's only redeeming piece.
There is something so weird about this man's music...but I like it!His second CD Vibrations is killing this one, but I can not find it on CD just yet. When it does become available, I am on it!If you are looking for a new zone in R&B; music with an out of this world beat...this is the CD for you!
These are decent (but not great) re-recordings of the original hits. If you're expecting the original recordings that you remember hearing on the radio, look elsewhere.
I was looking forward to listening to this. I didn't like the song selections. Not quite what I thought I was buying.
Im not crazy how she kinda like dragged the song out but over all she can sing i love her old stuff thank you...
This album runs the gamut from great to grating.  Southern soul singer Sir Jonathan Burton--whose name you can't forget, since he introduces himself at the start of nearly every track (grating touch #1)--wrote and produced all 61 minutes here.  He sings great, reminiscent of a Malaco label-era Johnnie Taylor, whom he name-checks at one point; and it's really great (not an exaggeration) when he delivers the goods on the couldn't-be-more-relevant "Deep Recession Blues."  This is a 2012 masterpiece that everyone should hear, with its trenchant lyrics backed by searing electric guitar.  Unfortunately, this is the only blues on the album, and his sterling guitar licks are heard far too infrequently the rest of the time.  What IS far too prominent, however, on the other tracks, all soul groovers, are the programmed beats and keyboards all too typical of latter-day Southern soul.  This becomes grating on the nerves in a hurry, especially on the repetitious throwaway (good for party background noise, maybe) tracks that constitute around a third of this disc.  On the very commendable side is his soul-grooving defense of the president, titled "Leave Obama Alone" (which, inexplicably, has a twin track with only the title line altered--to "Leave the Drama Alone"--more repetitiousness).  "You Could Lose It All" is an affecting soul ballad, as is the more mid-tempo one, "Something's Gotta Give" which features a bit more of that fine guitar that is just too sparse throughout.  "I Had Enough" and the title song have some of that '80s/early-'90s Johnnie Taylor feel I mentioned.  Humorous relief is welcome on "Meat on Them Bones," in which his lady's weight control obsession is threatening to leave him with too little to "hold on to" when they're...you know.  He figures if he can just get her to the "buffet line" things will be all right.  This CD is a very mixed bag that I give three stars to overall despite the presence of five-star track #8, "Deep Recession Blues."  It's too bad Burton's best effort here comes as a token nod to the blues.  I'd like to see a more consistent soul-blues approach from him without the skippable, low-rent party filler--and especially without any of that cheesy, grating (grated cheese?) programming.  Sir Jonathan Burton is too fine a talent to be putting out anything of a lesser quality.
I'm sorry, I think Pete Belasco is one talented artist, and greatly overlooked; but &#34;Lights on&#34; was much of the same fare as on &#34;Deeper&#34;.  Just the same wispy make-out-music track after track, which, is totally fine if that's what you're looking for.  Don't get me wrong, the man is a master at his craft.  For me though, I need more diversity, and &#34;Get It Together&#34; has all of that.  &#34;Deeper&#34; and &#34;Lights on&#34; do not.  So I'll just continue holding &#34;Together&#34; in high regards, and wait patiently for possibly a more diverse release.
When I saw that Pete Belasco had a new CD I couldnt WAIT to purchase it.  I loved, loved, LOVED his last CD, however this one was a bit of a disappointment.  It was too slow, the songs dragged on and they all sounded the same. Instead of putting me in a good mood when I listened to it, It made me feel anxious wondering if the next song was going to get better.  I should've definitely listened to the samples before I purchased it, but it had been so long since his last CD, that I figured I couldnt go wrong.  Im still a fan but I wasnt feeling this CD at all.
Not the one I was looking for but, never the less I love this music, makes me feel like dancing and partying. "music is my mind and soul, it's better than gold" don't think life would be as enjoyable without it.LouisSQUAD PRODUCTIONS
This offering was OK but not what I expected I don't think this is his best work.  I am a fan but I think he is better with the group the ojays
I was expecting a bit more from this this CD. The Eddie Levert of old is definitely captured on this cd. I would have loved to hear more passonate loves songs that he does so well.The cd also does not give one an idea of who are the producers and song writers on this cd. Is this just old stuff that Eddies had stored away in his closet. I would love to hear him putting together something once againwith his old mates from The O'Jays. Even if there was one or two songs on this album would have lightened it up.
i have always been an ojays fan but Walter Williams sings the majority of their leads cause he is the real singer.this guy has a big voice but no melody to it, i prefer him to share leads.The album is ok but the singing is weak.
Lyrically I like the subject content but sonically the album is a complete dud. I gave it 3 stars because I love Dawn's sultry voice and I actually do like 2 or 3 songs. I think she was trying too hard to distance herself from the pop sound of DK.
Maybe 2...I was really disappointed.  I think he's got a beautiful voice but this CD was all over the place.
The first time I heard Michael Kiwanuka on Spotify, I was completely engaged.  The music is heartfelt and sincere, warm and inviting, even if a little contrived and retro at times (but of course, this is a part of its charm).  For this reason, I thought to myself, this would be perfect on vinyl.Bad choice.The quality of the LP is noticeably inferior.  It is a flimsy record that came warped right out of the sleeve.  Even the sound quality is poor.  Instead of the warm glow of classic R&B;, this sounds like nothing but a scratchy mess.  Seriously, did this come off the back of a cereal box?So...Great album!  Definitely four, if not five stars.  It should be perfect on vinyl.  Due to inferior manufacturing, it's not.  The quality of the vinyl itself is less than one star.  I give it three stars simply because it is such a nice recording.  Don't even bother with this one on wax.
I saw this artist on Austin City Limits & was quite taken by his voice & his band was very good backing him as well. However I was disappointed in this record for what I originally was impressed by just did not come through in this record.
I really wanted this album to amaze me. I believed it would. I pre-ordered it based on the strength of the EPs Michael Kiwanuka had been releasing prior to his full length debut. Songs like "Tell Me A Tale" and "I'm Getting Ready" (both featured on the full-length album as well) sounded like new classics to me and I was very excited to hear a full album from this artist. Unfortunately, for me the album does not live up to the promise of these tremendous songs.The album starts strong with the songs I mentioned then kind of pitters out after that. There are a few decent tracks, some nice melodies and such but nothing nearly as strong as "Tell Me A Tale" or "I'm Getting Ready". The album feels unbalanced. I find the vast majority of the tracks on this album to be a bit too slow and meloncholic. Slow tunes are fine but there needs to be a more substantial counterweight. This is of course based solely on my personal taste, some people may totally dig these tunes, they're just not for me.One song that is noticeably missing from this album is "I Need Your Company". This is a great Kiwanuka tune that was released on an EP. A song like this would add some needed pep and balance to this sleepy collection. I'm surprised it was not included especially since the album is so short at only ten tracks.As problematic as I find this particular release, Kiwanuka is a big talent and I look forward to hearing much more music from him in the future. I selfishly hope that he'll go with the more invigorating, uplifting direction he appeared to be heading with "Tell Me A Tale" and "I'm Getting Ready" more often.
My guess is that the initial direction in which Alisa Boniello is headed is steeped strongly in the song Lovestruck.  Producing radio-friendly music is the quickest way to success in this business and a song like Lovestruck will almost certainly put this artist on the fast track to mainstream acceptance and pop accolade.  In the course of her promising career, I hope she will use that success as a means to expose her wonderful voice with songs like Why as well.  I am of the opinion that the combination of the two styles portends to an unstoppable career path for Alisa Boniello. --- Michael Canter - Jivewired
Notice that the original LP had the words "Greatest Hits" in quotes. While the group really did have a couple hits, they were hardly worthy of a greatest hits compilation.If we call their style "unique" then this album almost works. It is an interesting collection of covers which is why I gave it three stars. I have a weird attraction to covers (the worse the better). Still, there are not enough tracks on this album to keep me interested for long.
Songlist looks inviting but no vocals following the title tune, which is the hit single, in one piece; COLD SWEAT and GIVE IT UP... are the hit record backing tracks with overdubs; USE YOUR MOTHER is a music bed for JB and Bobby Byrd on different records, and AFTER YOU DONE IT, sounds like a music bed for Marva Whitney and Hank Ballard releases.Still, any JB from that classic period, is, well, Classic.
This CD quickly became some of my favorites. Sounded so good went and review earlier works by this artist. Really enjoy contiguous listening.
It's good to hear a new sound and not the same old everyday named artist. good music want to hear more like it .
I love the soulful sound to this artist sound it adds flavor to the song. The music is a nice up tempo that I really enjoyed, keep bring great music like this to listener.
This is a fun CD, reminiscent of the 1950's - I like it, but I don't LOVE it.  Still, Imedla has a great voice & it's a fun one to pop in once in a while.  Upbeat.
Ike & Tina had two albums titled "The Soul Of": One released in 1961 on Sue Records and another in 1966 on Kent.  The album cover pictured here is for the Kent album from '66 ([...] but the track listing available for download here is for the 1961 Sue Records album ([...] Both are fine LPs by the band and the tracks from the later album with the black bordered photograph pictured here can be found elsewhere on various compilation releases.
First off I am a fan of Noelle Scaggs.  I've seen her perform with Fitz and the Tantrums live and she is dynamic and has an outstanding voice.  I had never heard of The Decorders.This verison of Walk On By is eh.I give The Decoders credit for their arrangement but one play is all it got, and now its skipped when it comes up on random.
I liked the pre released single &#34;Mr Pickles&#34;, that caught my attention. Then just before the album release, they issued three preview tracks that were simply awesome! &#34; If the album is Half as good as these preview tracks, I cant wait!&#34; The album drops, none of those 'preview' tracks are on it, and out of all the tracks on the album, only two (out of 14 I think) really catch your ear, thats 'Mr Pickles' and 'Celebrate'. The rest just dont do it for me.
Hard to believe that it has been over a year and a half since Vesta Williams tragically lost her life to vices in late 2011. But honestly, like her life, the Congratulations singer and her death had been heavily overshadowed, in the heartbreak of other singers, especially with the death of singers like Jani Lane of Warrant and the big one, Whitney Houston. But Vesta had tried to show that she can still sing, even being considered as a has-been, and a Who was she? Her posthumous single Better Days though from her upcoming swan song record Seven, showed she had looked forward to her future, but still never received that success that eluded her, after one song. The song is not bad, yet it wasn't her best cup of tea. Still, if you are discovering the "Once Bitten, Twice Shy" singer for the first time, than this would be a nice download for you, and a good buy for forgotten Vesta Williams fans.Song: C+
I personally like Marlon Vincent andi canreally relate to him as im sure many others can. This is a good album. Marlon Vincent is an excellent rapper but what he really needs to do to come up I think is to start collaborating with other great rappers in ChristianHipHop and goin in on some tracks. I like his voice and style. This is A good album. Always room for improvement in the future though. All through #Jesus.#GOD BLESS YALL
Really enjoyed this. Transported me back in time. A fun listen.  KC shows he can get down.  The long version of Please Dont Go made this album a must have.
ProsI love the beat, I wish another rapper like a Chamillionaire, Ludacris, Eminem, or Tech n9ne could rap on this beat. Juvenile should have paid the producer of this song for the beat and just rap on the whole song.Cons:Kidd Kidd voice is weak, sounds like his allergies is acting up on him. The hook could use some work as well, but overall good lyrics, like the beat, and not a bad song to put on the radio.SummaryGreat beat paired with an solid rapper in Juvenile makes this song. Kidd Kidd needs to work on his voice if possible, and expand his vocabulary.
Midian shows plenty of promise on her EP,Midian EP. While not perfect by any means, Midian offers a more soulful R&B; alternative than many of her contemporaries today.  That soulfulness exhibited on this 17 minute EP is the draw.  There are flaws, but overall, Midian is off to a solid start."Bitter" is a sound opener, sporting old-school production.  Midian sounds soulful and commanding throughout the course of the cut. Smartly, the bridge section sports a contrasting harmonic progression to the verses/chorus.  The main quibble lies in the vision of the cut; some backing vocals would've strengthened an already strong chorus.  "Too Bad" finds Midian in her sultry lower register. The results are vocals that sport some jazz-influence.  The most memorable line? "I am the best thing that you ever had / but that's too bad..." Much like "Bitter", backing vocals would intensify the drama and excitability of the cut greater."Love Is All We Have" adheres to retro-soul sensibility with dusty drums, present bass, and of course horns. Midian sports a solid vocal tone on the verses.  Unlike the first two cuts, "Love Is All We Have" is a bit 'rougher around the edges'.  The key change between verse/chorus is a bit odd, even if 'theoretically' it is 'smooth'.  Additionally, Midian may slightly over-sing here as opposed to being more 'natural' and relaxed.  The final key change before the final chorus works better than previous ones."Love Me Now" proves to be a better cut, even managing to add backing vocals.  The harmonic scheme is well conceived, epitomizing the soul cut.  Most importantly, the chorus is catchy.  Closing cut "Up in the Clouds" is a bit over-repetitive.  That said, Midian's vocals showcase great evolution in scope and her falsetto is definitely a highlight.Overall,Midian EPis solid, not revolutionary. It is often difficult to make an EP as relevant as a full-length album and few EP's accomplish this feat. As stated earlier, Midian is off to a decent start here.  Still, she must continue to distinguish herself from a bloated field of contemporaries. 3 Stars.
not really worth it but it was not as bad as some other ones i can listen to it but would not recommend purchasing it
The artist makes a good effort. The only aspect of this album that detracts from its brilliance it the excessive reliance on profanity. In comparing it to her other releases GeMi shows a course of evolution that I look forward to following.
This is a cool album to play in the background while relaxing, cooking or having a romantic conversation. A descent album. C+
had I reviewed all songs would have probably not purchased the usually rich sounds did not shine as on previous releases . too much vocals over powering  almost sounded like every track was the same.
I like the cd, but two of the tracks I wasn't really feeling them. Overall good though. Great message for couples!
After taking the time to listen to Tim Cunningham's CD I found it to be your average saxaphonist CD.  Not enough ballads which is what I enjoy, but more up tempo tracks.  If you enjoy nice up tempo music, you will enjoy this CD.
I'm very disappointed to have bought this &#34;new&#34; album, only to discover that half the songs come from their debut album, which I already own (and LOVE). Had I known, I would have purchased only the new songs. Lesson learned...
I was left hanging at the end of the song... Until then is was quite good.  I don't think it has staying power though.
This CD is okay. However, the techno rhythm background id a real turn-off!I expected true four-part vocal harmony acappella od my favorite Motown hits.It would be perfect without the electronic rhythm section
This was the first time I purchased anything by Jeanette Harris . I really like Sax music . Miss Harris is very good on the Sax but not all of the tracks were not great listening . I did enjoy enough of the album to purchase it .
These grooves in Meganut's funky skillet has delicious basslines, tasty drums & seasoned horns! It features the talents of Trey Lewd, Sheila Horne, Dionne Farris, George Clinton & more. U get a kitchen full of hot n steamy funk! Unfortunately the songs themselves didn't hook me. For me a song must have that lyrical ability to make me want to sing with it as well as nod my head to it. If u need some funk to wet your appetite til your next funk album, this will keep your head noddin'!
When I heard that Jean Carne was releasing her first album in almost 20 years, I was very excited.  I've been a huge fan of hers and, quite honestly, I didn't think we would ever get a new album out of her ever again.With this newly released "Flashback" CD, it may sound like a "Best Of" or "Greatest Hits" package, and, in a way it is.  Jean has recorded new versions of some of her most well-known songs and some covers of other songs previously recorded by other artists.  Honestly, the thought of such a CD made me cringe.  It very seldom turns out well when artists start to cover there own songs.  But, I decided I would purchase the CD and hope for the best.I was really quite surprised at how much I enjoyed this CD.  While the covers don't stand up to the originals, they are still pretty darn good.  Jean is in fine voice during the majority of the selections.  The voice is definately still there.  Jean has always had a very distinct voice that could never be confused with anyone else. This is kind of like a Jean Carne Live without an audience record.  That's what I viewed it as.  Same songs, differet music and she does not go way out in left field to try to make the sougs sound too different from the originals.  Yet, she's not really adding anything to the selections either.I was pleasantly pleased at, for the most part, how well-produced and well performed this package is.  A handful of the songs do drag in spots (I think she should have left Shirley Jones' "Do You Get Enough Love" alone) and I feel she should have recorded her own background vocals or at least used some female background vocals. The male backgrounds don't mix well with her voice and sound very cumbersome, IMO.Overall, with all of the autotuning, Hip-Hop and Techno that has plagued R&B; music for the past decade, this is a breath of fresh air.  I'm glad Jean didn't decide to be trendy with this CD.  She easily could have tried to sound like she's 25  but she stayed with the traditional route, which worked out well.This CD may not be for everyone and it may even disappoint some Jean Carne fans who wanted "new" music from her.  I was really looking forward to hearing all new material from her and hopefully, that will surface in the near future.  But, for now, this is what she gave her fans. And really, it's a pretty groovy gift she has shared.
I was really disappointed in this album, because I'm so use to his album being very upbeat, and it really made me feel happy and alive. I couldn't feel the emotion and work he has put into this album. Outside of Booty Pop & Let's Straight it out, this album to me was just ok to me. Don't mean any disrespect.
Tone C. is one of the hottest underground artist in Miami. When he finally decides to hit me up for publishing consulting you may start hearing his music on more radio stations.
Steve Arrington former lead singer and drummer for the funk group SLAVE who sung on hits like "A Touch of Love", "Watching You", "Snap Shot" & "Wait For Me" but quit the group in 1982 to form Steve Arrington's Hall of Fame which produced hits like "Weak At The Knees", "Nobody Can Be You" & "Way Out" then in 1985 scored his biggest solo album with "Dancin' in the Key of Life" and the hit "Feels So Real" but in 1987 after releasing his 5th project "Jam Packed" Arrington stopped making secular music and became a full time minister. 22 years later in 2009 he released a gospel/funk project "Pure Thang"Funk Producer/Musician Dam-Funk (Damon Riddick) had been on the underground scene in Los Angeles since the late 80's but it wasn't until his 2009 release "Toeachizown" that he starting making some serious buzz which landed him a deal with "Stones Throw Records" but now in 2013 Dam-Funk and Steve Arrington has teamed up to release Arrington's first secular project in 26 years "Higher"."Higher" is a 14 track project that features some serious nasty hard nosed funk which is produced entirely by Dam-Funk. Arrington still carries his signature unique vocals and provides some vocal jazz percussive scats and sound effects especially on the track "I Love This Music".My favorite cuts are "I Be Goin' Hard", "Magnificent", "I Be Trippin'", "Hear Me Knockin'", "For the Homies" & "Crazy In Here" other notable mentions are "Do You Feel Me", "Blow Your Mind" & "Good Feeling"Since I do consider myself a funk connoisseur growing up listening to Parliament/Funkadelic, James Brown, Bootsy Collins, Slave, Cameo, Prince, One Way, Mtume etc. I salute Dam-Funk for staying true to the genre of funk music by keeping it alive and relevant today although I understand that "Higher" is an collaboration of Steve Arrington's vocals on top of Dam-Funk's music but my only complaint about this project is that it's 100% electronic.I feel that Steve Arrington should have personally produced some tracks by bringing in some live instrumentation (Bass, Guitar, Drums & Percussion) that could have taken us back to the Steve Arrington's H.O.F. years which can only to be duplicated by using live instruments like the gritty bass guitar and deep drum pocket you heard on "Weak At the Knees", "You Meet My Approval" & "Nobody Can Be You" also check out "Sizzlin' Hot" by SlaveMaybe Dam-Funk method is to re-invent Steve Arrington by bringing in a fresh new sound but hearing songs like "The Way I Feel About You" & "Galactic Funtionals" is NOT the type of song you would expect to hear from a funk icon like Steve Arrington in my opinion "Higher" is good but could've been much better if Dam-Funk would have built songs around Arrington instead of it being the other way around but to sum it up "Higher" is indeed a funky joint but some of the puzzles just DO NOT fit.3 1/2 Stars
I've been a fan of Jonny since Ghost Runner on 3rd.  If you've ever heard him sing, it's not hard to understand why.  I've been anticipating this album ever since the last DGD album but I was a little let down with this release.  Vocally, he hasn't missed one step.  If anything, his voice has improved each time he's released something new.  The R&B;/Pop genre that this album follows seems more fitting to him as well.  He sounds very relaxed and smooth.  The problem I had with this album was the lyrics.  They just aren't there.  I'm sure they words probably mean something to him, but they honestly sound like they were just phrases thrown together for the sake of a song.  They are nowhere near the depth that "A Dream Is A Question..." has. The lyrics repeat, a lot. To me, it makes the songs very forgettable, but that's just my opinion.Overall, if you love Jonny's voice, want to hear him  show off his vocal chops, and don't really care much about lyrical content, than you'd probably enjoy this album.  I won't say that I'll never listen to again, because I probably will,  but his first solo album still comes out on top for now.
Not sure about The King. I haven't found a song yet I can play without wondering why is this guy is so popular. I'll give it a few more listens and come back to ya.
I realize that genres have become mixed over the years and cross-over songs are popular these days. However, this album is NOT rock'n roll, not even soft rock, and it's definitely not Country. Most songs fall into the HipHop or modern R&B; genres, but several of the explicit tunes are more Rap/HipHop.Personally, the only genre I don't like is Rap, and I don't like vulgar lyrics, so I deleted two songs:7. Shut up & Dance (feat. Kyle) [Explicit]and 8. Outro (Lifes Musical/The Wave) [feat. Trev Rich] [Explicit]All the other songs are an interesting mix. I find Duncan's falsetto to be unique; his uppermost (falsetto) range comes across as a high pitched whisper, which adds an interesting effect. Overall, the album is worth a listen. I gave it 3 stars due to the "explicit" lyrics, and rap.
Hiroshima new release is okay. They are trying create a new smooth-Jazz fused with some Japanese trend music. I have been a fan since 1979. This is not their best but I still recommend it.
I have always enjoyed Hiroshima, a very distinct sound that always seems to work.  Not so much for me on this one.  There are a few songs that rise to the level that made me feel great, but this is not one that I will play often.
The music is dope! MJG takes you deep into the world of pimpin with his slick rhymes and soulful tracks. Its well put together like a movie.
Different and great sound! Saw them in concert and became a fan! Opening act for Maxwell...and I now know why!
If your into the indie genre AND enjoy being taken back to the 90's this is a solid album for you. Blushe comes at you with a mixture of club hits, deep story telling, and the blues all on an 8 track intro CD that displays a range of her talents. Starting off you will notice her vocals are not traditional and are very unique to her singing style. Nothing we haven't seen from the likes of Macy Gray, Lyfe Jennings etc. Combining that with new hip hop artists like Willie J and Lil P gives the album the flavor it needs.Track 1 Buy it all (feat Lil P)- Setting the tone for the album this club song isn't the best but gives you the best effect while driving after getting paid. It can be hard to relate to it unless you are in that mood. Lil P's verse is relevant but follows the same tone as the entire song you have to be in the mood for this one.Track 2 Outta Here- Has an engaging techno beat, more of a new school party dance beat as opposed to the hip hop club feel of the first track. it's a nice change, the lyrics are forgettable but the beat won't leave your head and if you are 420 friendly in the club then this is exactly how you will feel.Track 3 Ladies night- Another dance track taking it back to the 90's feel again. This is probably my least favorite song on the album due to the complexity of the beat and how it drowns out the vocals in some parts. You'll find yourself asking what was it all about but that's if you even care after you've been dancing since song 1.Track 4 Open (feat Willie J)- What can I say about this track... It is by far one of the best tracks on the album. it is perfectly placed as number 4 to calm down from the dancing, have yourself a drink and listen to the smooth voice of willie J in the back ground, a smooth hip hop verse, and and seductive hook.. Blushe at her best here.Track 5 Clothes off ( Feat Lil P)- this track moves things from the club to the bed room in a cute little foreplay song. it's not too explicit that you can't replay it. The beat is simple allowing you to hear the artist. this is a good thing, the song is highly relate-able and more of a fun song than a serious one.Track 6 Stubborn love- Blushe gets serious on this one and it shows. From the moment the song starts you are drawn into it. Once you get into the words of the song and let the music take you over you'll find yourself listening to it over and over until you are singing the hook. 2nd favorite song on the album. ( headphones, in bed after a bath when you are thinking of someone)Track 7 worth fighting for (feat Maurice) This song to me should have been number 6 and come before stubborn love. Not because the song is bad, but because after stubborn love you may not be interested in giving it the time of day. It is a solid song and once you get into it it may get more spins than ladies night but not nearly as many as &#34;Stubborn Love&#34; or &#34;Open&#34; which are clearly her best.Track 8- Cheating on me. Blushe chose to end the album well, and honestly leaves you open for a follow up to continue her tale of love and hurt. This is an acapella song which is mostly vocals, which feels more like a blues poem of frustration that an R&B; title. It's perfect. You feel her passion, hear her true vocals and right when you are getting into what she is saying it ends. NICE!!Overall the album takes you from the club to the bedroom with a variety of songs that will keep you ear interested when your tired of hearing the same ol same ol. You can tell the artist featured hear are still growing and I look forward to future music from them.
Let me first say that I'm a huge Bryan Abrams and Color Me Badd fan.  I have been since 1991.  Bryan has an amazing voice and enjoyed his first solo project.  I was excited to hear he was releasing this Christmas EP, but it wasn't exactly everything I was hoping for.I really like &#34;Home Again Christmas,&#34; which is a nice uptempo original song about the returning to where you come from for the holidays. I live in the area I grew up in, but I always look forward to everyone who's coming home so we can catch up.  &#34;O' Holy Night&#34; is beautiful as well.  He sings this songs perfectly, in its traditional format.  These two songs are fantastic!&#34;Elf Anthem&#34; and &#34;Here Come The Elves&#34; are just silly.  I appreciate novelty songs, but since these cheesy sounding songs make up half of the EP, I'm disappointed they weren't replaced with more songs like &#34;Home Again Christmas&#34; and &#34;O' Holy Night.&#34;  I respect that Bryan expresses his artist freedom, but I personally feel his voice is too good for silly stuff like this.
In my opinion,it was unclear as to what the concept of the compilation was...because the majority of the tracks are far from &#34;shutting (anything) down&#34;Without a doubt,Mr Taylor truly studied his dad's delivery.However,it's unfortunate that his last cd wasn't as memorable as his previous ones.What a shame that he didn't pay homage to at least one of his dad's hits on this cd,as he'd done on his previous cd's.
Hopefully, someone in the Dr. John camp will illuminate: Are these recordings post -&#34;Locked Down&#34; or what? Nothing on wikipedia and the official site doesn't even update to &#34;Locked Down&#34;, a Grammy-award-winning-production award winner. Hey Mac, learn to upload or get a die-hard fan to do it for you, this is pitiful.
I'm not sure what to say. Like I was riding with the you tube videos and the random fb posts but this is just a little outrageous. I'm not going to say anything bad but I'm not going to promote this either.
I'm always trying to find that singer that sounds a little different and authentic and it's rewarding as hell to find them. This dude is one of those people. Everybody knows that song "till the end of time."  Everybody I let hear this cd are always asking "who is this?"  The two don't go together. They know the song but not the singer.Anyways his voice is very vibrato filled and there are many songs with the piano and guitar.  Some are midtempo (and show off how fast his voice can keep and establish a rhythm. The kid has an ear and a voice that goes easily from vibrato tilled tenor to falsetto), some songs are slow (and these showcase his wide vocal range). All the lyrics are written differently from generic sounding love songs. These songs sound like they were actually heartfelt and thoughtful. I don't hear many catchy choruses on this album which are necessary to get that mass appeal. Other than catchy hooks and choruses that people can't stop repeating... This man is an A lister who is waaaaaaaaaaay more deserving of publicity and I look forward to his second cd release.Some people have to know what direction a singer is related to in style, so for those I will say his style reminds me of a John Legend and a small hint of Cody Chesnutt (Landing on a Hundred another not well known singer). I do think Timothy's voice range and pure voice and falsetto is ten times better than John Legend but Legend might have him on the melodies and the song arrangement.  I also don't like Legend or own any of his stuff. I'm just saying some of Tim's songs sound complex and as though he lost direction in what to do to the song or how to develop it and match the 2nd and 3rd verses musical sounds (changes in a song, bridges, crescendo's)to compliment what he presents in the beginning of his songs.  Basically he can sing better than his song writing ability or whoever co-wrote his songs. Song writing isn't bad, especially for neosoul but I'm still a fan of catchy melodies, hooks, choruses,with the exception of that,Everything else this dude has it on point.I also added all his songs from "The Budding Rose" album and his old-hit "Till the end of time" on one album or playlist and his live releases.
IT WAS OK BUT NOT AS GOOD AS COMBINATION.  I LIKE COMBINATION SO MUCH I ORDERED IT BUT IT WAS NOT ALL THAT
Typical DJ Flexx fan far, nothing new other than the combination of BounceBeat and traditional Pockect GoGo on one track, In support of the loss of GoGo GodFather Chuck Brown, and BounceBeat pioneer POLO. GoGo comunity also loss Little Benny,Sugarfoot Ricky wellmans,Glen Ellis (bassist)....and more. Flexx can be monotonousness with his style of vocals, and though IamDonJuan claims the DMV he is a transplant from NYC. Being an old head i tolerate the BounceBeat as it proceeds the Bass line heavy pocket that i yearn for.
Nice I haven't had the chance to listen to the whole album but for what I have so far is good.
Marcus is, I think, one of the best uprising jazz artists in the season. I have listened to him on other artist's albums and he does well. I think, with every cd, he does better.
Her new CD EP is alright. But, Herself and Avant should do their first ever debut album together as a recording duet just like the legendary Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell did with Motown 48 years ago . Also needs new record producers with a long history of record producing experience as part of their forthcoming debut album's gamechanger that will possibly change the R&B world of R&B music forever working with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, The-Dream and Bryan Michael Cox and a new record label RCA Records  (a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment) that will go certified gold and possibly up for a Grammy award nomination for best duet of R&B and hopefully win a Grammy if the lord's willing.
This cd only have 5 songs. One song is exceptional. Forgot title its the one she sang for Monifahs wedding. Great vocalist the material is fair. This artist needs a great writer and producer to rescue this gr8 voice. One of (tm)he best voices out here.
For only 5 songs, its not bad. Track #5 is like Grammy worthy though. That song is nice, best R&B song i heard all year.