If you weren't around in 1975, it's hard to appreciate just how HUGE a song that "The Hustle" was for Van McCoy that year. Of course it was a big hit in the discos, but it also hit #1 on the US singles charts. Before that, though, Van McCoy was also a very successful songwriter who penned hits for many artists (check out the UK reissue CD of tunes that he wrote, covered by other artists; great stuff!) and was a skilled musician himself. Honestly, I don't think this CD is a true "Best Of" because it doesn't offer a full career overview, but it does give you a fine feel for his mid to late 70s dance-pop period, which sadly ended with his premature death in 1979. While the theme of this CD is mainly dance hits, there are several instrumentals that remind me of Barry White's Love Unlimited Orchestra. Dance music, yes, but with funk, energy, and imagination. My favorite tracks on here include "Love is the Answer," "African Symphony", "Night Walk" and "The Shuffle." The closing track, "My Favorite Fantasy" is also a highlight and features Van on lead vocals. I wish he had recorded more souful stuff like that, and less mediocre dance tracks like "Party" and "Soul Cha Cha." But I can't fault him for trying to ride the disco wave of popularity when he had the chance. As this album shows, he was capable of writing much more than party tunes, but well-composed pieces of music. Van McCoy was a true musical maestro.
Super funky--the only reason i didn't give this five stars is that The Meters did the same thing some twenty/thirty years ago.  Check out their early stuff if you like the sound of this CD (or the "Funkify Your Life" box), and the other Daptone CDs are great as well.
I enjoyed the music and would recommend it for some one looking for a light bluesy feel of music. Would buy other titles from this artist based on this.
Yes, Fishbone's John Bigham decided to make a blues record.  His previous album as "The Soul of John Black" was more of a straight-forward soul album with his always tasteful guitar work.  This one is different.  Of course, the idea of mixing funk and blues is nothing new.  Anybody who remembers the first few Funkadelic albums knows that funk started out much closer to the blues anyway.  Really, Bigham is just trying to remind the blues of one of its offspring.  The album is generally quite successful, and as one would expect from the Fishbone guitarists, Bigham always has a few surprises.  What is most interesting here is his use of an acoustic guitar in a setting in which one would expect electric.  I am reminded a bit of some of Chris Thomas King's efforts in a similar vein, but Bigham brings more straight funk into the mix, whereas CTK tried, with varying degrees of success, to incorporate hip hop.  I never liked hip hop, but I love funk, so this album works for me more than CTKs, but anyone with adventerous taste in blues should check this one out.  As a warning to Fishbone fans, though, if you are expected the funk/ska/punk/rock of Angelo Moore and company, this isn't it.  This is a blues album with heavy strains of funk.Fans of this one should also check out Mofro (particularly, the Lochloosa album), Ash Grunwald's "Give Signs", Eric Lindell, Scrapomatic, the John Butler Trio, John Mooney, and maybe Snooks Eaglin for some old-school New Orleans funk-blues.
I bought this not expecting a lot.  But it has some great songs on it.  I have enjoyed listening and dancing to the songs on this album.  And, the price is right.
Amazing lead guitar by Michael 'Kid Funkadelic' Hampton.
This is the same CD with a different cover and title, that's been released (over and over, again) since the late '90s. I'm giving it 4 stars because this is actually a pretty good compilation of music and although there is really only one song that you can easily recognize and associate with Prince ("Just Another Sucker"), this CD is an excellent example and representation, of what we've come to know as 'The Minneapolis Sound' (Thanks, Prince).
While I don't usually recommend guitar heavy records, this one is a notable exception. This record is reminiscent of those Old School Al Green LPs. Rhythm guitar heavy Soul music what this record is all about. Jubu's guitar playing should have been given twin billing with his voice. Guitar tracks abound on this disc, which is why I like it so much. Faves are:NenaSunshine in your eyesHow long?Why Break MineDevoid of Hip-Hop posturing and arrogance, devoid of grungy rock guitars and sexual innuendo, this record will appeal to folks that favor the sound of a live Soul band. Its not Funk. Its not 12 bar Blues, or a bunch of mindless Jazz noodling. Its Soul music well thought out and executed, featuring top-shelf Rhythm Guitar guitar playing. 'Legally Blynd' reveals the reason why Jubu Smith's tasteful strumming has kept him working with current R&B; heavyweights. Jubu's playing is all about making the song sound good FIRST, while at the same time his style clearly comes through. The vocals and the rest of the band sounds great for sure, but the guitar playing is the best thing about this record. I strongly recommend this to listeners, but also to all those wannabe Blues/Jazz guitarists who think they know how to play Soul Music.
For the most part, this is a solid collection. I could have done without such filler songs as the pleasant covers of "Just Us" and "Souveniers." The cover of "River Deep Mountain High" is weak and should have been left off the compilation! Some of her early hit such as "Mercy" should have been included. Overall, a worthy buy for the Carol Jiani fan.
These guys are smooth and are apart of my growing collection of sixties and 70s r&b! It's a must have.
I grewup listening to Barbara Mason and I enjoy her music.  So if you're a 70's person or grewup in this decade, you can certainly appreciate her music. The music today is good and has expanded into so many genres than before. My personal opinion the 70's is the BEST era in music.  It was a time of change for everyone.  Barbara Mason is just one of my favorite artist.
The raw, bluesy edge in Gentry's voice as she spells out "M-I-Double S-I-Double S-I-Double P-I" sounds as if she's still clearing her throat from the previous night's bourbons and Marlboros. The album's title hit doesn't really prepare you for the hard soul guitar, funky drumming and swampy horns of the opening track. That same vocal edginess also works well on the album's ballads, combining folk, country, soul and jazz notes with textural orchestrations. The album's few pop tracks, including "Sunday Best" and "Hurry, Tuesday Child," don't play to Gentry's strengths and are outclassed by the funkier, bluesier, country-folk. Gentry wrote ten of the album's eleven cuts, but she didn't have ten fully original arrangements, as the acoustic guitar and bass hooks of "Ode to Billy Joe" are repeated on nearly every track, blunting the punch of "Ode to Billy Joe" by the time you get to the hit at album's end. Her lyrics sketch the Delta's poverty, fauna ("Bugs"), commerce, characters, and gothic secrets. This is a strong debut, though it doesn't fully live up to its original single ("Mississippi Delta"), nor the flip-side ("Ode to Billy Joe") that shot Gentry to stardom. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
Me and the wife were looking through youtube and watched her perform and sing it was amazing she is truly blessed with a beautiful voice and I honestly and truly enjoy every minute of her singing.  The songs are beautifully written as well as sang.  I myself like learn to love me i suggest checking it out.
A nice mix of Hi-Fi and Lo-Fi Jazz music by the legendary Kashmere Stage Band led by Professor Conrad O. Johnson.  Unique mixes by experts in the field of remixing and re-composition.  To enhance the experience; I would also recommend the Documentary Film "ThunderSoul".  This album gives insight into the times and experiences of Huston Texas High School musicians in the 70's.  Members of the KSB who were blessed to have been part of a musical experience - recordings and live performances.  Now these recordings have been used to re-create a very unique and entertaining work or art.
It's sort of a remix album of the song Slave to the Rhythm and also sort of a biography.  Most of the songs have stories at the beginning, the longest, The Frog & the Princess, is a photographer's story told with the music in the background. The music is varied enough to make it interesting
The Duke Of EarlBest known for his first 1950s mega hit "Duke of Earl," Gene Chandler kept charting hits in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.  One of the smoothest vocalists of the doo-wop era who continued refining his soulful sound.  If you love the music of Sam Cooke, Lou Rawls, or Aaron Neville, then consider adding these 23 Gene Chandler songs to your music collection.  Stand out tracks include "Lonely Island," "From Day To Day," and "Daddy's Home."
The Staples Singers were the "official" soundtrack to the civil rights movement, issuing a series of classic recordings highlighting the role of gospel based music in the civil rights movement--Freedom Highway, etc. These are great recordings which everyone should own.But the Staples Singers did not come out of nowhere. They had a history of gospel singing in Chicago 9and nationally) long before they crossed paths with the Civil Rights movement and made history. This album shows you just what it was Martin Luther King heard. Great singing; great arrangements; and superb sound quality...given the time thye were recorded (early 60's). Highly recommended--but please also buy the classic movement cd's and Mavis' recent works too!
If you are a fan of Michael Henderson this is a must have.This compilation is much better than his best of CD and really covers his career. it has the early songs that he recorded and wrote for the dramatics and performed with Norman Connors and takes the best songs from the rest his career. With songs like going places,in the nite time, and be my girl this is truly a must have!
Gregory Abbott has a great voice and he writes songs... real songs.. This album has some nice cover version of songs like "Handyman" and "Aint No Sunshine" too. There's also a "live" version of his classic "Shake You Down" I loved it and would recommend him.
This is the album version paired with a video version you can find in YouTube. There is even a live version where the band is simply jamming in a gathering. I liked this version even more because of the piano playing of Jay Durias.
If you have Volume 1 in this 2-volume set from Rhino/WEA you have their first 12 hit singles with Atlantic, beginning with their initial # 1 R&B; smash, I'll Be Around, which spent five weeks at the top spot in the fall of 1972, and crossed over to the Billboard Pop Hot 100 at # 3. This came after five earlier hits dating back to 1961 with, first, Tri-Phi where they registered their first single charter in the summer of 1961 with That's What Girls Are Made For which, with Harvey Fuqua singing lead, hit # 5 R&B;/# 27 Hot 100. Two hits then followed during their stay with Motown in 1965/66, followed by two more in 1970/71 with V.I.P.One of those last two, It's A Shame, is in that first volume, as are The Rubberband Man from late 1976, Working My Way Back To You/Forgive Me, Girl from late 1979/early 1980, and Cupid/I've Loved You For A Long Time from mid-1980. In including those three hits, that first volume jumped over the eight hits they registered from late 1975 to early 1979. They are in this Volume 2 which also includes eight of their better album cuts, primarily from 1973 to 1975 (tracks 3, 4, 5, 7 and 9), but also including one (track 1) from a 1991 LP. There are also two failed singles (tracks 2 and 6).The sound quality is excellent and you get 11 pages of liner notes written by David Gorman, sprinkled with great shots of the group, as well as a complete discography of the contents.  The hits included are: Love Or Leave (# 8 R&B;/# 36 Hot 100 late 1975/early 1976); Wake Up, Susan (# 11 R&B;/# 56 Hot 100 summer 1976); You're Throwing A Good Love Away (# 5 R&B;/# 43 Hot 100 April/May 1977); Me And My Music (# 39 R&B; July 1977); Heaven On Earth [So Fine] (# 23 R&B;/# 43 Adult Contemporary/# 89 Hot 100 fall 1977); Easy Come, Easy Go (# 46 R&B; March 1978); If You Wanna Do A Dance (# 17 R&B;/# 49 Hot 100 summer 1978); and Are You Ready For Love? (# 25 R&B; spring 1979).As you can see from the modest to mediocre chart results, especially on the more lucrative Hot 100, their "very best" was certainly collected in that first volume. After the last hit represented in both volumes, Cupid/I've Loved You For A Long Time, which hit # 4 Hot 100/# 5 R&B; in summer 1980, they would add 9 more Atlantic hits, one for Arista (in 1990 with Dionne Warwick), and one in 1995 with Rappin' 4-Tay on Chrysalis. None would score any higher than # 39 Hot 100 (that last one) or # 22 R&B; (1984's Right Or Wrong).Not a bad addition to that Volume 1, but recommended only for devoted fans of the group.
I've just been notified that Lasonya Gunter is set to release her new cd. It will hit the shelves soon and you can bet I'm ready to review it. Since our initial contact, we have been in close touch as she has kept me abreast of her latest developments.  Timing couldn't be any less perfect to re-introduce her debut effort, Blakgerl.  Hailing from the great NY and the land of ONUTSS,  Lasonya caught my attention with a song titled "This Is How We Livin".  Seduced by her sound, I ventured into her world and ended up buying the full album. There's a lot to like here.  Whether echoing poignant verses or displaying some sass, Ms. Gunter is a true soul sista. She reveals  her softer side on  "How Can I" .  The cd contains two hidden remixes. There is a dope remix to "This Is How We Livin" and it's tracklisted at the 5:37 point of the last song. Very funky, upbeat track that would fit well on a hip hop-soul mixtape.  "Blakgerl" is a solid initial public offering from this rising star. We look forward to hearing her latest venture into soul music.DJ Come of Age
I previewed the CD for my mother, who enjoys southern soul, and I ended up buying and enjoying the CD for myself. I like the melodies, the lyrics, and T.K. Soul's voice.
Few tracks in number but very powerful live project
Amazon has a sure thing with the Rhino Hi - Five series and Roberta Flack proves it as she joins the group with this collection of her greatest hits!
As I listen to this CD, from the word, 'jump' I'm engrossed in this man's style! The fact that he brought along some big names to the show doesn't hurt either, but even alone, this man is laying it down! I purchased this CD after hearing track #6, If You Insist, at a friend's house warming party. Maybe it was the funk-driven piano, or the groove that STILL has my foot tappin' when I think of it, the song SOLD me on the entire album. 15 songs and the man NEVER says quit all the way through, I can see that I have some 'make-up' work to do in getting this man's earlier work but have no fear...I shall! I wonder when he'll make it to Seattle to do a show, because my wife and I will be sitting downfront tapping our feet! Great work.......
In 1979 this trio of siblings from Detroit, Michigan made a rousing debut with "You gonna make me love somebody else". Nearing the end of the disco era..this slow paced dance floor classic was top 5 R&B; and top 40 pop hit for the sisters.Other singles include the lovely opener "We're a melody" and what should now be a classic "Im at your mercy".  How a group this talented vocally and visually beautiful didnt become bigger is a mystery."Who can i run to" and "Life goes on" are other examples of the group's perfect harmonies and slick production handled by the legendary Gamble & Huff. "Who can i run to" is now a quiet storm staple and became a huge pop hit for Xscape in 1995.Anyone into classic r&b; should invest in the Jones Girls.
The CD is very, very good, but I expected more tracks; it only has 8. Awaiting The Best Of the
A true talent taken away from us too soon...This is not available on CD, so I took the MP3's and it is worth it.
Here's a few tracks that embody the celebratory spirit of this talented, yet personally troubled performer whose tabloid traumas have all but overshadowed her triumphs. These songs, cut before the bulk of her negative publicity set in, display all the promise and passion we could hope for. My fave tracks on this collection are the ska tunes, done in the style of The Specials.
i have always been a big fan of Craig T Cooper. I would buy just about anything that has his name attached to it.
All the different voices, you don't get bored. Different styles, man this is a great album. I'll be listening to it over, and over again.
I love Baby Boy Baby Girl. This song is a tribute to the fulfillment that comes through parenting. It will bring a smile to your face as you're reminded of the joy that comes from a child's selfless and unconditional love. The beat is reminiscent of Mint Condition's sound in the 90s yet it's still contemporary. I'm thrilled that the band has remained true to their style rather than selling out to the R&B/Pop sound. I look forward to seeing an entire CD of songs!! Keep up the good work, Mint Condition!!
The state of commeicial radio has music purists clamoring to find sounds that touch the soul. As the current formulaic production of our RnB flatlines, there are still a few artistic gems which present with an unheralded appeal. By virtue of my occupation I have been fortunate enough to "discover" a diva to be. WendiSue's stellar debut titled "Homegrown" is the aural equivalent of an appetizer that fills and satisfies. Replete with excellent melody, funky beats and rhythm that flows, it is a crisp cornucopia of melody we can all appreciate. Those who know my tastes will accept my testimony that "Suffer the Loss" and "The Sickness" are two tracks which merit heavy rotation. We hope that this is only the beginning, an independent release reinforcing the Nu, the Neo, the Soul Movement. Label it what you wish but if your commercial RnB falls short, you owe it to yourself to add some zest to your collection. "Homegrown" will do more than whet the appetite, it will fulfill. DJ Come of Age November 2007
Little Rachel is an absolute fistful of dynamite. Fans of Lou Ann Barton, Wanda Jackson, etc. will jump all over this release. Not a clinker in the bunch. The backing musicians are spot on without going over the top too. A real treat.
4.5 stars. I reserve 5 stars for perfect albums. I can't believe that I never heard of this band until just a few years ago. Thanks to Not Lame records. This album is loaded with power pop just as their others. How did they stay in such obscurity with amazing music like this?
This is an enjoyable, well-crafted assortment of Eastern sounds (dug up from 60's and 70's Chinese and Vietnamese vinyls collected during a trip to the region- which is of Onra's family lineage) and hip-hop beats. The result of the combination of the two is a listen very similar to Madlib's Beat Konducta India volume for anyone into that or who has heard it (though the India part obviously gets replaced by the aforementioned Chinese and Vietnamese sounds).This is definitely a recommended listen for fans of hip-hop (especially instrumental), fans of uniquely combined musical styles and anyone simply looking for something new and fun. I'm actually surprised there hasn't been more reviews/attention given here, as well as his Part 2 release. Yes, there's a part 2. Which the same description above applies to. That is also highly recommended if you like this (it's actually stronger than this one in my opinion).If anyone's curious, according to Wiki, Chinoiseries is a French (which is also in Onra's blood) term, signifying "Chinese-esque", and refers to a recurring theme in European artistic styles since the seventeenth century, which reflect Chinese artistic influences. It is characterized by the use of fanciful imagery of an imaginary China, by asymmetry in format and whimsical contrasts of scale. Chinoiserie in a broader scope refers to a mixture of Eastern and Western stylistic elements.And that's just what you get here- East meets West, and gets shaped into hip-hop.
This is a great new CD with live interactive musicianship and great songs. A must buy for music collectors.
Zen Blues Quartet "Again, and Yet Again"  [...]"Snap, Crackle & Pop!"  Rating 8This is a very good recording that offers extremely high musicianship, plus it's very well arranged and recorded extremely clean too.  And it's no surprise considering the fact that some of the best session players have come together, as the ZBQ offers everything a hip blues recording should: strong and soulful vocals, very creative guitar playing, gospel'ish B3 Organ, and a deep groove by a master drummer.The Zen Blues Quartet is:Mike Finnigan - B3 and Vocals, (Jimi Hendrix, Etta James, Peter Frampton, Rod Stewart, Ringo Starr, Dave Mason, Joe Cocker, Bonnie Rait, Crosby Stills and Nash), Steve Ferrone - Drums (Tom Petty, Eric Clapton, George Harrison, Average White Band), Tim Scott - Bass and lead vocals (Jack Mack, Tower of Power, Robben Ford, Stevie Wonder) and John March - guitars, producer and mixer.  Along with the L.A. Horns featuring: Bill Churchville on Trumpet, (Willie Nelson, Joe Cocker, Elton John, Rickie Lee Jones), Rev. Dave Boruff on Tenor and Alto Saxes, and Ed Wynne on Baritone and Tenor Saxes. Plus special guests, Marty Greb on Keyboards, (Bonnie Raitt, Aaron Neville, Rick Danko, The Fabulous Rhinestones,) solo artist Curtis Salgado on Harp, and Carmen Grillo on backing vocals, (Tower of Power and Sons of Champlin.)The Zen Blues Quartet sounds like a band that wants to play blues the way these musicians wanted to.  Their first CD was done as an experiment for the sake of good art., but this new CD "Again, and Yet Again," is a major step forward for the band showing off their creative zest for making modern blues for the twenty-first century.Right from the beginning notes of Mike Finnigan's opener "What A Life" it becomes clearly apparent that the Zen Blues Quartet is all business, and not just a bunch of session players gathered together to make a record that brings focus to their illustrious and previous recording credits.  Listen as they pedal the medal their way through a mix a ultra-tight funky covers of Lester Christian's "Let a Woman Be a Woman," Johnny "Guitar" Watson's "I Want to Ta-Ta Ya Baby," Titus Turner's "Grits Ain't Groceries," and Becker and Fagen's "Reelin' In the Years," as these Zen-men don't just repeat the original versions, they make these classics all their own.  I would be remiss to also not mention the really cool instrumental "Secrets Best Kept," co-written by the bands bassist and vocalist Tim Scott.Looking for a fresh, tight and clean take on soul/funk/blues?  Look no further as the Zen Blues Quartet has arrived!  I look forward to their next recording which could be titled "More Zen; D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu' All Over Again" Highly recommended listening, enjoy.[...]
To really be honest with you, I just haven't heard that many adequate songs this past year. Although the industry has been more like it was watered down, there have been some bright spots. For somebody new like John Legend, he really found a way to make a great song not just his own, but the whole shape of the music his own too. His debut songle, Ordinary People from his record Get Lifted is a very simplistic piano ballad that just really carries out very well. It is just a great song that is bold and beautiful. I just heard a few times and it really captures the moment. I like this song a whole bit, and I really hope John can absolutely make more great songs like his his own for the world.Song: B
"In Our World" is a collaborative effort from Minnesota/Twin Cities based jam band Down Lo & Los Angeles based emcee Deploi. Together they certainly bring some exciting flavors to the game. The driving force behind this album are the incredibly talented musicians that form Down Lo: Mike Cini (Drums), Mark Grundhoefer (Guitar/Lead Vocals), Ryan Nielsen (Bass/Vocals), & Will Nissen (Keys/Synth/Sax/Vocals). In addition to all their excellent vocals and instrumentation (including great guitar and sax solos), their are additional singers, and also more studio musicians adding violin and piano. They include a variety of funk & reggae in a jam formula that never tires. The lead vocalist, Mark Grundhoefer, is an excellent singer (and sometimes rapper) with some noteworthy chops to match. He sort of sounds like Jason Mraz, and meshes well with Deploi. Deploi is a very good rapper and adds a whole new element of freshness to the mix. The chemistry here is airtight.My favorite cuts are "Expander", "Party Joint", "Old School", "Ghetto", & "Work (Remix)". Overall, there isn't a bad cut in the bunch. I've spun this album nearly 10 times in the past week and it's still sounding very fresh. While the mix is probably to eclectic for your average mainstream music fan, those who appreciate a beautiful blend of genres will love this album. Highly recommended.
Jon Williams is more known for his work with his group Normal Like You, but I must say how incredibly impressed I am with his debut solo release. This work that Jon has released shows no limits, no bounds, and certainly no stereotypes. Most importantly, it shows truth. With lyrics that provide a deep point of view (unlike most today) on society and perception along with music that is everchanging, you can rest assured that you will most certainly enjoy this album.
Don't sleep on Grip Grand. Not only is his rapping very good (lyrics and flow), but his producing is just as good if not better. I'm pretty sure he self produces all of his albums. Great guest appearances from Percee P, AG, and Richie Cunning, all of whom you should check out if you aren't familiar. The Poppin Pockets remix with AG is ridiculous. AG's verse is so dope, you gotta love DITC. After listening to this I bought his first album, Welcome to Broakland, which is also very good (but if you don't have either, I'd suggest listening to this one first)
I purchased 3 songs off this album (4, 6, 9) because I like the soft side of Matt, the piano side.  Can't wait til his official "after Idol" album comes out!  Go Matt!
If you don't know Shawn Smith, you have cheated yourself.The diamond hand is much more light hearted than Discovery Park, but is just as meaningful.Songs such as "toss it in the fire" and "Here come the holy rollers" speak to his personal struggles with faith and philosophy.This album is saturated with a renewed sense of hope, and Shawn is truly in the vein of Don McClain or possibly an early Bob Dylan.One of his best albums.
This band/cd was a wonderful surprise, real and varied musical talent with a grounded flare for different rhythms, styles and languages, The female vocals are simply lovely. I am giving this CD 4 stars only because Elastic Bond has everything necessary to be great. Next time 5 stars!!!
Maria has a great voice. She can be sultry when she wants to be. Her selections are listenable and danceable. This is a fun follow up to her album MaRIA ChRISTEnSEN of 1993.Maria Christensen
Glad to see you here. Since you've happened to stumble upon Truth Thru Fiction, go straight to "Still Here". I first put this in the mix two years ago and I continue to spin it. Infinite Soul Music released Anonamas' debut album and they did so with deft production, her voice and the music meshing all too well. Yes, even the intro is tight! Rich basslines are coupled with unique, fresh melodies while bringing the voice of this young chanteuse to life. "This Moment" is hip hop in it's purest form, smooth vibes that neo soul and gospel savants will digest with pride. Don't stop there as Anonamas gives us her poetic "Definition of Love".  I found myself duly impressed with this complete project. There is a void in the marketing of great soul music today! Our search for inspiring artists will continue to  lead us to the likes of Anonamas. This is the "abstract coming right and exact."  I hope you find her music as refreshing as she is talented. Support her and download a track or the album today. She is most deserving.DJ Come of Age
I have never heard of him, them whatever..I just bought it after hearing Odie King on a Tyler  Perry movie. The sound is a combo of Prince, Blial, Lenny Kravitz...its just smooth and funky combined.  I love #5,6,7 and 12 for sure. Try it!
I used to see Nick perform in various clubs around Chicago, Martyrs, Long Room, etc. I always enjoyed his music. I finally saw that he had a couple albums out, and I am very much enjoying them. I'm Not Superman is especially good.
I bought this a few years ago when [...] was still an active domain.  It took a few listens, but this is a very good album.  You'll find a lot of lush beats, very thought provoking lyrics, new & innovative concepts, exceptional voice, and a funny skit (Tuff Nuttz)!!  Monica Blaire is very active in the Detroit circuit.  She's worked with most members of D-12, Slum Village, Big Tone, Waajeed, etc etc etc.  You need to cop this before it's gone completely!!!!My favorites:  Set Me Free, Music, Breathe, Get Back (feat. Mr. Porter), Ever After (great steppers song), and Special.
Really funky, fun stuff. Crazier than James Brown, but not as wacked out as Parliament/Funkadelic. If you like those guys, you have to get this.
This sophomore offering from Lizz Fields is terrific - it shows improvement in her song writing skills and the overall production of this project.  There are definitely more radio-friendly tracks than on her debut which had a more mellow vibe.Lizz is another under the radar singers who, if given a platform could really draw in fans much like Corinne Bailey Rae whose album I found most comparable to PLEASUREVILLE.  It's notable that Lizz co-exec produced the album in addition to co-writing all tracks just as she did on her debut.  Lizz has a really pleasant voice and reminds me of Jill Scott in her phrasing of the lyrics - she doesn't scat and one can clearly hear the lyrics of each song.  The saddest thing is that because Lizz is on an independent label, there may be no video to support one of the catchier songs and bring her to the attention of a wider audience.My favorite tracks are:PLEASUREVILLE - it opens with an interesting almost country/rock musical arrangement then segues into trippy beatsOASIS - beautifully spare production & lyrics which allows her vocals to shineBROOKLYN FLOWERS - interesting arrangement that reminded me of music I'd hear in a 60's sitcom before moving to the break when she sings staccato - almost rapping the lyricsSUGAH - toe-tapping doo-wop like trackDADDY'S CADDY - goes the funk route with a groovin bass & uptemo hornsINTERLUDE - wish this was a proper track & therefore LONGER!DAY DAY DAY - melodic track about living for the moment & seizing the dayIT'S OK TO LOVE ME - interesting lyrics & arrangments power this balladRUNNIN ON EMPTY - uptempo track that reminds me a little of the current Alicia Keys' song, TEENAGE LOVE AFFAIROverall I am very satisfied with this album (which is offered in cd version from another site) and commend Lizz for successfully avoiding the "sophomore jinx".  I truly hope that one of the tracks catches on and helps to set her career on fire.
This album by drummer and producer Nate Smith (writer, producer, instrumentalist) shatters convention and provides the listener with a healthy serving of real music that combines the amazing lyrical art-form of erstwhile R&B classics, the beats and mood of the neo-soul movement, and the instrumental mastery of a jazz-musician-at-heart brazenly and purposely shirking the convention of the standard time 4-bar box into which so many of today's new artists are shoved. One need only listen to Track 2, "Monday Morning",the artist's upbeat and tongue-in-cheek homage to the beginning of the work week, served up in 6/4 time and sweetened to perfection with the amazing vocals of John Gordon (also featured in "Come Back to Bed"), to begin to understand that this album is simply the beginning of more good music to come. Along with vocalist John Gordon, Mr. Smith also combines his talents with hip-hop legend Ali Shaheed Mohammed (Tribe Called Quest), who provides head-bopping inspiration on the album. Though the entire album is thoroughly enjoyable, you are sure to quickly find your favorite cut, whether it be the thick beats of "Eye Contact," the universally-felt "Monday Morning," or the inescapably beautiful writing of "Come Back to Bed."  This album is a smart purchase for anyone who has recently found themselves in a search for good original music. I am in earnest anticipation of volume 2.0 (which I hear is in the works)!!!!!
Jeannine Hebb is a New York City discovery. I saw her live a while ago and was amazed at the range of her voice and the sincerity of her lyrics. Some may compare her to Norah Jones and KT Tunstall, but she's definitely a voice on her own right. Her songs create a scene of the busy metropolis of a city where people sometimes forget to find love. Songs to note in this 6 track EP are "Only Ones", "All the way down" and "Whatever you want."
I have the original vynil. Just was hopping I could get this in cd form.I liked it back in the day,and I like it now.
*** THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE BIG BREAK RECORDS (BBR) 2012 CD REMASTER ***With all 6 of its tracks written by the dynamic Soul duo of KENNETH GAMBLE and LEON HUFF (with contributions from Bunny Sigler, Cary Gilbert and Joannie Arc) and the music played entirely by MFSB - Billy Paul's 3rd album for Philly is considered by many (including the artist himself) to be his best record. And this expanded November 2012 UK CD reissue of it does it proud. Here are the finite details...Big Break Records CDBBR0184 breaks down as follows (50:55 minutes):Tracks 1 to 6 are the vinyl album "War Of The Gods" - released November 1973 in the USA on Philadelphia International KZ 32409 in a gatefold sleeve with an insert. Stateside it reached Number 12 on the R&B; charts and Number 110 on the Pop charts. It was also belatedly issued in the UK on Philadelphia International S PIR 65861 in June 1974.Tracks 7, 8 and 9 are BONUS TRACKS - "War Of The Gods (Single Version)", "The Whole Town's Talking (Single Version)" and "I Was Married (Single Version)".There were 4 x 7" singles issued around the album and this CD will allow fans to sequence them as follows:1. War Of The Gods (Part 1) [7] b/w War Of The Gods (Part 2)November 1973 PROMO-ONLY USA 7" single on Philadelphia International AE7 10802. Thanks For Saving My Life [5] b/w I Was Married [9]November 1973 USA 7" single on Philadelphia International ZS7 35383. Thanks For Saving My Life [5] b/w I See The Light [1]November 1973 UK 7" single on Philadelphia International S PIR 19284. The Whole Town's Talking [8] b/w I Was Married [9]April 1974 UK 7" single on Philadelphia International S SPIR 2225As is customary now- these BBR CDs come in one of those new rounded jewel cases with a 12-page inlay. Liner notes are by noted music-writer ANDY KELLMAN with contributions from BILLY PAUL and BLANCHE WLLIAMS. Several of the Philly 7" singles are pictured - the colour photo of Paul that graced the inner gatefold is centred in the booklet and the rare insert that looked almost like a black and white art print is reproduced on Page 3. Even the words under every song on the rear sleeve are here (those from "I See The Light" title this review). Great attention to detail - but once again the fireworks comes with the SOUND...Remastered from the original tapes by BBR's resident engineer WAYNE A. DICKSON at Soundmasters in London - the sound quality is typically superb. I've raved about this guy's work before - and this reissue is no different. Lovely clarity - virtually no hiss - warm presence in the speakers - just great and 'so' Soulful too.The album opens with an absolutely fabulous double-track sucker punch - two trippy-soulful cuts called "I See The Light" at 6-minutes and the epic 10-minute album version of "War Of The Gods" - very Isaac Hayes as it lingers and grooves. Combined with "Peace Holy Peace" (the last track on the LP) they give the whole LP a very mellow socially-conscious feel - more Marvin Gaye's "What's Going On" than The O'Jays "Backstabbers" if you know what I mean. Both "The Whole Town's Talking" and "I Was Married" are the more poppy Soul side of Philly and actually sound a little out of place here. But "Thanks For Saving My Life" is an excellent jaunty mid-tempo number. A clever move by BBR is including the sought-after PROMO-ONLY 7" cut of "War Of The Gods" which edits the epic talking-song down to a more manageable 5:37 minutes.To sum up - as with so much of the Philly label you forget just how good it is. And that stunning MFSB backing group - top stuff. In truth - I'm not a huge fan of the poppier tunes on here - but that threesome of 'lurve' tunes is really exceptional.I've loved rehearing this great album - and with this fantastic new sound quality - a must-own for Seventies Soul/Fusion lovers everywhere.PS: I've also reviewed these other Big Break Records (BBR) CD remasters (there's also visuals on more - see the BBR tag:1. Hot Property - HEATWAVE (1979) [see REVIEW]2. Candles - HEATWAVE (1980) [see REVIEW]3. Harvest For The World - THE ISLEY BROTHERS (1976) [see REVIEW]4. Go For Your Guns - THE ISLEY BROTHERS (1977) [see REVIEW]5.  I Miss You - HAROLD MELVIN & THE BLUE NOTES (1972) [known as "Harold Melvin The Blue Notes" in the UK] [see REVIEW]6. Black & Blue - HAROLD MELVIN & THE BLUE NOTES (1973) [see REVIEW]7. Love Is The Message - MFSB (1973) [See REVIEW]8. All The Faces Of... - BUDDY MILES (1974) [see REVIEW]9. I Can See Clearly Now - JOHNNY NASH (1972) [see REVIEW]10. In Philadelphia - O'JAYS (1969) [see REVIEW]11. Back Stabbers - O'JAYS (1972) [see REVIEW]12. Ship Ahoy - O'JAYS (1973) [see REVIEW]13. Ebony Woman - BILLY PAUL (1970 and 1973) [See REVIEW]14. 360 Degrees Of Billy Paul - BILLY PAUL (1972) [See REVIEW]15. War Of The Gods - BILLY PAUL (1973) [See REVIEW]16. Smoked Sugar - SMOKED SUGAR (1975) [see REVIEW]17. Just As I Am - BILL WITHERS (1971) [debut LP on Sussex/A&M; Records] [see REVIEW]
This album was recorded in the 70s at the height of Paul's popularty and it is arguably his best work. Billy Paul has a unique voice despite its limited range; he is in fine voice here. The production values are top-notch, typical for a Gamble/Huff produced work. The songs range from radio-friendly R&B to extended cuts. A must for Billy Paul fans!
I purchased the MP3 download after listening to the Amazon preview and watching the youtube video of Colleen as suggested by another reviewer.I had been listening to some later day James Brown and some Al Green and this is just as funky and in some ways perhaps better, although you can detect the influences of the aforementioned artists in this offering.I like all the tracks.  The only one that doesn't quite seem to fit is the 1st, Brukpocket's Lament, otherwise I'd probably give the album a five.I let a friend listen to it and he exclaimed "This is what I wish Beck consisently sounded like!"As others have noted, this little gem hasn't seemed to get much notice, but if you like a little funk it is well worth a spin.
I purchased 'The House That Dirt Built' and loved the album so I decided to give this a try. This album didn't pull me in as much but I would still recommend it to anyone who likes the funk/rock sound.
Once again, a promising artist burns out way too early. Bought this album after Amy's death. What a loss of talent, which is evident in this record. Buy it, you won't be disappointed.
Great album full of upbeat love songs!!!!
Bloodstone's Now That's What I'm Talking About is a fine effort from the K.C. born group who gave us the hits Natural High and Outside Woman back in the day called the 70's. This effort is outstanding and while the voices are showing their age - the sound evokes pleasure and memories when bands played real music meant to tell us stories we could relate to.Bloodstone fans should particularly enjoy Bloodstone Party and Just The Thought written by original member Chares McCormick.The shipping of the CD which was ordered Aug. 31 from Amazon actually arrived a day before promised.
I Love The Classic Moonglow Sound As Well. This More Modern Version Will Help To Reach A Larger Audience And Perhaps Give The Moonglows More Exposure.
Good music by Jerry Butler and the Impressions.  This cd makes a valuable addition to my Jerry Butler music collection.
For so many artists, they really can have a hard time making the heart and soul of a good song, especially in R&B; today. For Jennifer Hudson, she had more to prove than she could chew. After her time on American Idol, she wowed audiences and critics with an Oscar-winning performance in Dreamgirls. Not only was that a shocker, but she proved that even with a loss, she had more than meets the eye. Now, she is going back to music, and trying to revitalize the spirit that has been shattered due to the American Idol curse that has plagued singers like Kelly Clarkson, Katherine McPhee, and many others, who've made albums recently, but failed to capture the sales and the audience. Her debut single, Spotlight, really ranks within the soul of R&B; well, as a much more gritty and dominant vocalist. The lyrics and appeal doesn't feel like it is flimsy, unlike what has been shown by Fantasia Burrino or Jordin Sparks with their past albums. I really hope that when Jennifer's album comes out, she can get that crowd roaring under her spotlight.Song: B
I have been listening to this ablum for over 10 years, I was a DJ (The Clubhouse)in NJ where the band always packed the house, with a great mix of ska, raggae and ROCK & Roll FUNK!! If you have seem them in a club in the 90's you will remember all the songs! & if you didn't you wish you have. Best Song "favorite flavor"
This woman's voice is a God send. If you want to feel like your listening to Phyllis Hyman or Jean Carne then you've got to hear this lady. Good CD. Looking forward to see what she can put together in the future.
I saw the Broadway show Memphis last week when Rhett played one of the main roles, Bobby, and as soon as he opened his mouth to sing I was absolutely blown away.  Everyone on Broadway is typically a very good singer, but this guy KILLED IT!  The first thing I said to myself was, "Wow, he needs to put out an R&B album."  I had to Google him to see if he had any songs out there, and thankfully found this album.  The tracks themselves are decent, but still need work.  The biggest problem is the songs don't show off his insane voice.  Rhett really needs a big time label for the producers and writers someone with his talent deserves.  Here's to hoping that happens because if you combine his vocals with quality production/song writing, we can hopefully get some hot R&B on the radio again.
if I had I not been goin' through some s*** when it came out-I would have been up on it...#TBT
Gotta say Mercy is a great song and good to  stand alone the remix is good but nothing like Duffy alone on this track
Typically when I reach out and find a new artist it's hard for me to get into the music at first. That wasn't the case with Hildreth's album, "Complex State of Attachment."  I'm enjoying almost every song on the album and I look forward to more music from Hildreth.  I heard about him through Allison Mack (Chloe on Smallville)and I am thoroughly impressed. He has a great voice and a clever way with words that bring together an enlightening experience.  Great artists, pick it up!
where did 'everything is everything' fall in diana ross' career?  if i am not mistaken it was just before her film debut.but it, along with her debut solo album produced by ashford and simpson, are tops on my list.  i am loving the remix of 'i'm still waiting' and the extended version of 'baby it's love'. they are both very special!  and i like the inclusion of her unreleased versions of 'something' and 'what are you doing the rest of your life?'.which leaves the remastering of the original album content.  even in its original form 'i'm still waiting' is a wonderful ballad.  wistful, touching, excellenly written and arranged for ross' uniquely youthful voice.  and equally sweet is the title track.  it's light, airy and buoyant.  being in love should sound so good!  and also high on the list is her cover of 'call me'.  this arrangement is better than aretha franklin's version but (and it hurts a little to say it) the arrangement is the star.  the strings are clear as a bell and the andantes are in top form on the backing vocals.  those women were the graces of motown and no one should ever forget it!now on to what maybe shouldn't have happened.  like 'come together'.  every time i mention this cover to someone british, i can hear their toenails retract.  i think it's funny. lennon meets vegas.  it's really funny!  and the other version with the shrieking synthesizer is funnier than that!  and the blatant crossover attempts with 'the long and winding road' and 'close to you' are shameless.  maybe it's because they lack integrity.  they don't show off what makes ross so unique.but i don't care--i have it on vinyl and now i will have it on cd!  it's a done deal.
I've been a fan of TM Stevens ever since I saw him perform with Stevie Salas last year. His first album BOOM! really impressed me. For a band built around the bassplayer, he kept the noodling to a minimum and the groove to a maximum. Africans in the Snow does the same thing. TM plays basic groovy basslines with cool fills in here and there, but the hard-edged guitar is kind of gone from this album. it definately doesn't have the 'raw' feeling of BOOM! Like in traditional funk, the guitars play mostly a rhythmic role supplying a heavy garbagecan-lid bashing for TM to groove around. Tracks that stand out include: Gotta Get My Move On (featuring Nuno Bettencourt). The bass/guitar solos are awesome. I wish that they did more work together. Mama Said is also a fun track, and so is Why We Rock so Hard. Overall, a decent album. Great musicians, fun ideas, but nothing really all that catchy for a listener who even likes his funk-metal with pop sensibilities.
(4.5stars)You can disagree with me if you like, however, in my opinion reggae music is BY FAR the coolest musical genre in the entire world. If you happen to be looking for the type of vibe that you can just put your feet up to and relax, maybe with a special someone, then you can check R&B; if feel it so, but for me its reggae music all day and all night (to be perfectly fair, its like that for me anyway). And while many times that fact can become quite difficult to see through all of the gun-boasting and gal-toasting dancehall style jump-up tracks, just a little bit of effort for a listener, even in this time, can lead to a whole heap of VERY interesting artists and sounds on the more relaxed and cool side of the vibes. Traditionally, there have been the likes of Cocoa Tea who makes a brand of reggae which, although distinctly reggae music, often lends itself to fans of various musical forms due to the ULTRA laid back nature of the artist's vibes at his absolute best; and OF COURSE, the coolest man in the world, Beres Hammond. Over the years as Hammond's legacy has grown throughout reggae music (as a producer, a label head and a scout of talent as he has brought forth some very talented youths), he has become the single most recognizable name (and face) of the lover's rock style. There have also been very popular names over the years such as Sanchez and Wayne Wonder (both of whom incorporate a more traditional R&B; style of vibes in there music, ESPECIALLY Sanchez), Tony Curtis (and as an extension, the group LUST) and wicked young singers Da'Ville and Alaine (who has had a fine combination with Hammond, Love Sounds, for Taxi Gang and what may be one of the coolest reggae songs of ALL time), both of whom show potential to one day bring not only themselves to greater prominence, but the entire genre of Lover's Rock reggae back to the forefront as well. In this case, I must mention the legendary singer Freddie McGregor, who definitely incorporated some VERY COOL vibes into his vibes over the years (and continues to) and has largely done so in a more modern style (even `back in the day' McGregor had a bit more of a progressive style to his vibes). Whether it was the cool brand of lover's music or the roots on which he largely established his name, McGregor has made himself one of the most respected singers in reggae history. Whether it McGregor, Hammond, Sanchez, Wayne Wonder, Cocoa Tea or one of the other names that I mentioned, definitely the cool cool aspect of reggae music has not lost its way at all, its still out there and seemingly on it's way back.Obviously, its first stop back has been the UK where the virtually assembly production line of cool vibes and cool reggae singers continues to run as it has been for well over thirty years. In Jamaica, we haven't actually had a great bit of access to the names such as Lloyd Brown and Peter Hunnigale over the years (although some of the work that native artists such as Earl 16, Alton Ellis and others over the years has made it back and achieved a nice piece of popularity. The exception has been Bitty Mclean and somewhat Lloyd Brown, both of whom (especially Brown recently) opened me up to the WEALTH of vibes going on over in the UK, and if you are a reggae fan and haven't been paying attention, definitely link up some of the big UK singers and you'll feel like someone dropped you back in 1975 Jamaica. Although probably not as popular as Brown, Mclean or Peter Hunnigale, one of the singers who has really struck a chord with me has definitely been the wicked wicked Birmingham based Peter Spence. Oddly enough, the first thing I noticed about Spence, even before his music, was the fact that he was a well known veteran artist who had apparently been around for quite awhile (over twenty), but didn't have too much material on the shelves when compared to Brown, Hunnigale and Mclean (especially Brown and Mclean). HOWEVER, what he did have out was probably some of the most well done, polished and just all around well crafted vibes I've heard from the UK scene and I definitely had to take a closer look. Taking a closer look of course meant seeking out an album or two and the first one I came about was his most recent (at the time) the very nice Emotionally Charged from just 2007 for Cousins Records. I cannot sing the praises of Cousins enough (and if you read my reviews you know I do it A LOT), but the label, besides pushing out some of the best roots albums in the game these days, has also filled a void left by JetStar which was (at its peak) a BIG international reggae label based in the UK which focused much of its attentions on developing and releasing local UK talent. Emotionally Charged really lightened me up to Spence's style which was very much so in fitting with the vibes I had heard already from the UK. Even though it wasn't exactly his best work (as I've come to see the man is capable of MUCH more than the still `strong' Emotionally Charged album), I was still very interested in what else was there and I went back and found even more solid material. Thus, I was glad to see that in the not too distant future he would be releasing his second effort for Cousins (who seem to have their artists on an annual schedule, which is a good thing as Brown is already reportedly working on his follow-up to his 2007 WICKED Silver album for the label as well) and through his own Sidewalk Entertainment, Strength. STRENGTH is one of the best reggae albums I've heard altogether in the first half of 2008 and the second have would have to WELL STRONG full of releases to force it outside of my top ten at the end of the year I'm sure. What Peter Spence shows on Strength is a style which harkens back to that of Freddie McGregor (at least in my opinion) quite a bit, as besides the COOL COOL material which lines the album, he also adds a very nice rootical spice in the vibes resulting in one seriously `strong' album for reggae fans (and all fans for that matter) seeking something a bit more relaxed in their vibes.Strength is an album largely produced and compiled by Spence together for his own label (Brown did pretty much the same for his Silver album) and, as he is also a fairly accomplished musician, that's not a bad thing. The music is top notch throughout. Getting things started here is the very nice Baby I. Baby I is a song that is probably EXACTLY what you might expect going into things here and the first note you hear absolutely just drops the pace (or at least it did for me as I was listening to a soca tune just before it began) of everything and spins into one of the most memorable lover's pieces on the entire album (which is saying a lot). The tune is just SWEET SWEET, I would even suggest that its the type of tune you need not even push play on if you happen to be involved in a situation where you have a recently ended relationship, if you are in such a position, you might be brought to tears before the end of the 4:40 (I'm happily married and it almost got me!). Next up is another song which I would have expected as well although I'm not as thrilled about its presence as Baby I; No One a remake of Alicia Keys' popular tune of the same name from just 2007 I believe. It has ALWAYS been a practice in lover's rock music and the UK scene to my knowledge to take older tunes and remake them and I definitely don't have a problem with that (we wouldn't even have a Sanchez if it wasn't accepted). I just think that a song should BREATHE a bit before its remade and even though No One is a tune which is so easily remade (the original, if I'm not mistaken, almost even had its own one-drop). The tune here isn't at all BAD, but I think it might have looked even better on an album three or four years down the line from now. That being said, all apprehension or disapproval I may have for No One is COMPLETELY erased on the tune which follows it, the SPECTACULAR Take Your Time, Strength's overall strongest tune. I don't know if the song is a remake or what, but it sounds incredibly familiar and all praise goes to Spence for creating such a master class of a tune. Take Your Time is a tune warning young people maybe falling in love for the first time, to just do that: TAKE YOUR TIME and make sure you think about and consider all things going on. On the song's punch line (at least for me) and most memorable line, Spence wonderfully warns the guys to, "Take your time to say you're sorry, maybe she'll forgive you this time again". The tune is just PERFECT! Wonderful way to close the beginning to this nearly equally wonderful album.While the vibes on Strength never reach Take Your Time's level again for me, they remain high constantly throughout. One of the real highlights here and the album's sole combination is a very interesting tune, War a remake of Bob Marley's classic of the same name with constant Peter Spence spar, DJ Tippa Irie. To my knowledge the tune is actually a remix of Tippa's tune, whichever way it came to be, it works nicely. Vibing wonderfully over Massive B's Jah Love riddim (which you know from backing Chezidek's hit Inna di Road), a remake itself of an old Yabby You riddim. Very nice track. I'll also briefly mention the very nice story style 2 Keys, an excellent which I'll leave to be heard to be revealed, but flows ever so lovely over the wonderful Chi Chi Bud riddim. Also check the downright addictive Yours 4 Keeps, another potential tear jerker (if you just feel like crying a little Strength will UNDOUBTEDLY do the trick!) but a sweet tune nonetheless and one which I feel could do well in R&B; circles despite its decidedly reggae twist. Besides Take Your Time, the real story about Strength is the way in which early in the album you have roots and rootical elements sprinkled in the vibes, but the album at its conclusion just pours on the roots and does so to a FINE degree. The title tune itself is the first harbinger of things to come and after the really unsettling intro to the tune (I was just hoping Spence wasn't about to go country on the tune) shows itself to be a solid almost reggae gospel style of tune (sounding like something out of (Lil)Hero's catalogue)  complete with a nice nyah drum and everything. Still, its far from the best roots effort of the album (that comes later). Check African Princess which is a tune which kind of blends the lover's and roots together (and does so on a near R&B; vibes). African Princess is one the sweetest tunes on the album, my wife absolutely LOVES the tune and yours will too! Jahovah is another strong rootical effort (which oddly enough has somewhat of an old school dancehall vibes in it) and the one tune on the album which will have you singing so closely along to it: It is a very jovial style of roots/gospel and one of the most memorable Strength has to offer. The real roots `strength' on Strength, however, definitely comes in the albums final two full tunes, Unconquerable and Jah Is Love. Unconquerable (aka King of Kings) is Spence's unexpected, yet BRILLIANT ode to His Imperial Majesty (duh! who else could be Unconquerable?). The song covers it's points absolutely lovely, but what really impresses is the tune's final full verse which begins to extend the praising of HIM to life and going into a nice detail of what HE means to the world, something which you typically only see from the real roots masters so definitely biggup Mr. Spence for Unconquerable. Jah Is Love is another such very impressive tune in a far more straight forward style (Unconquerable actually flows nicely over a classic vibed riddim). Jah Is Love is a big anthem style roots tune with the heavy one-drop and the type of tune which I always hope for from a talented reggae vocalist, regardless the style of music he sings. Definitely a big big track. The album officially ends with a hidden track, The Strength Interlude, which also has a bit of a gospel vibes and I'm not complaining about it all.Overall, meet my sleeper pick of a reggae album for the year 2008. Strength (as the title would suggest) is STRONG throughout and besides offering you that SWEET SWEET classic vibes which only reggae can offer it also switches things up and does so extremely well. Peter Spence does what Lloyd Brown does and what (at least partially) attracted me to the vibes in the first place and does so, so clean and so polished that you might even think his basis is the roots (and for all I know, it may actually be). Strength is an album showing a talent which I think Freddie McGregor himself would be so proud of. Peter Spence is a STRONG artist for pushing vibes like Strength alone. One of the best reggae albums of 2008 period.
Eric Arceneaux has a style that is missing from today's music.  The album itself is good.  My favorite tracks are &#34;Say Goodbye&#34; and &#34;Won't Be Afraid&#34;
I'm happy with their music. Unfortunately, the 1st CD I bought from them had these songs listed on it but were actually the songs from &#34;Bring Back&#34;. Had to edit and retitle the tracks but it's all good now.
Southern Soul legend Tommy Tate has been called, "America's Best Kept Secret". He started with the mighty road show Tim Whitsett & The Imperial Show Band in the '60s, replaced Ollie with The Nightingales at Stax Records and was Luther Ingram's sole labelmate in the '70s for Koko (distributed by Stax) and by the late eighties, had established himself as a songwriter and demo singer who was routinely emulated by Soul icon (and the elder) Bobby Bland.But, Tate was never a household name. However, he is revered in Southern Soul circles. Former bandleader Tim Whitsett produced this album in 1992. "Sir" Mack Rice ("Mustang Sally", "Respect Yourself") contributes a typically funky number with "Slow Rain (Fast Train)", and former Imperial Show Band showstopper and one time MG Carson Whitsett contributes four songs with the Frederick Knight co-written "Love Me Now", the great island feels of "Midnight Holiday" and "Big Blue Sky", and the piercing Blues ballad "When a Fool Takes His Turn". Johnnie Taylor bandleader and Albert King prot&eacute;g&eacute; Bernard Jenkins shines on guitar. Nice return for Tommy Tate, cult figure.
Somebody has to give this band a little love on Amazon. They are just too good for not having any reviews out there. These guys are the U.K. version of the Dap Kings. Check out Accra International Airport. If that is not a great horn riff I don't know what is.
NIcholas David's music is just soothing to the soul!  I love this album and hope that Nicholas continues to write and record his music!
They made great music together.  It is absolutely tragic that he ruined it.  The cover of Come together is way better than the Bealtes. Nutbush City Limits is amazing.  She could &#34;holler&#34; in the mic better than any man.
Even a native almost HAS TO, at times, sit in absolute awe with the varying wonders of the culture of the Caribbean and surrounding areas. I mean, there is definitely no other place like it on the planet and while you can say that just about anywhere, when it denotes something in the positive in terms of the culture, it REALLY means something BIG here. For example, we are a very energetic and musical people, of course. Pick any island of your choice and just take a small sampling of what the local radio stations play on a regular basis and you're certain to hear vibes from all over the world, regardless if even the people of that particular island overstand the language. The same region can produce and take in vibes as diverse as from American hip-hop, pop and R&B;, to Hindi and Chutney; and from the ever popular ULTRA-HYPE dancehall and soca, all the way to what we have here, my becoming more and more beloved, Zouk. And even taking precedent over the music (appropriate in this case) are the people ourselves, who are even more diverse than are our tastes. While definitely, given our history, you're certain to find a very healthy population of people of Afrikan descent, you'll also find people of Asian ancestry, Indian ancestry and many Europeans as well, all of whom have enriched our culture even more, adding to one of the smallest, yet most potent cultural `mixing pots' on earth, period. And speaking from a personal standpoint: we have some of the most downright DIVINE and LOVELY women in the entire world. Islands like Dominica, Puerto Rico, Trinidad and Tobago and of course Jamaica (although I guess I now have to add Guadeloupe to that list as well) boast some of the most beautiful and EYE-CATCHING ladies you'll find anywhere in the world. To make the point, just look at some of the musicians to come around lately. While you will always hear mixed opinions about the elders (the likes of Tanya Stephens, Macka Diamond and ESPECIALLY Lady Saw, all of whom have proven themselves talented to the point where their looks have long ceased to be an issue really at all), do you REALLY need me to tell you to have a look at Ce'cile? Or D'Angel? Or (current personal favourite of mine) Tina Nunez? And that's just Jamaica. Make no mention of the unearthly cute Destra Garcia or how the world simply became a better place the SECOND Fay-Ann Lyons made her choice of costume for 2008's Trinidad Soca Monarch competition. And also representing Dominica (and getting closer and closer to my point in this case) is Zouk star, the captivating Michele Henderson. All of these ladies represent, in so many ways, the ridiculously lovely Caribbean culture, not only in their looks, but music as well: True living and breathing testaments to the overall beauty of the region.So now where do we add Thayna? While Lady Saw, Macka Diamond or even the newer Lady Spice downing a (real or fictitious) opponent in the dancehall or even Lyons' surfing the crowd doesn't always make for the most visually appealing set of circumstances (but didn't she make it look SO good!), Zouk is an entirely different case altogether. You simply will not hear, in any language, any type of music which is so naturally romantic or sensuous as Zouk music. My French is so-so (my Creole is worse) but even if it was non-existent and I couldn't overstand not one word, none at all, I would still have to admit it so. And because I am still relatively new to Zouk, I take advantage in listening to and finding almost any new artist who captures the ears (or the eyes) with something unique, rather good or bad. My first `venture' into the incredibly popular French West Indian art form was with another Guadeloupean, the angelic K&eacute;n&eacute;dy. K&eacute;n&eacute;dy's album, Mon Oasis was a downright brilliantly romantic entry for me into Zouk and in looking for a next choice (after listening both Fanny and the very impressive Princess Lover as well) I ran into quite a few names (like Lindsey Lin's, K'tya, Cristiane Vallejo, Talina and a few others), but none of them caught my eye and subsequently, my ears like Thayna with her very wonderful debut album Nouveau D&eacute;part (A Fresh Start). First thing being first: Whoever took the picture on the cover for Thayna needs some type of an award. I have to admit, although I had heard a radio station in Guadeloupe spinning a song or two from the artist, I probably wouldn't have picked up Nouveau D&eacute;part based on that alone (currently I'm enjoying myself with Lindsey Lin's' breathtaking sophomore album, A Mon Image), but, like anyone else, I'm a sucker for a pretty face and the cover art and some pretty decent bit of what I had heard SOLD ME! What I would find after digging into the album, however, was a piece which grew on me fairly quickly and shows that she definitely has the skill to match the look (perhaps the most interesting thing about that `look' is that should you ever see Thayna outside of this album cover (and that video), while not AT ALL unattractive, she has a very unassuming look to her). Nouveau D&eacute;part comes via African Zouk superstar Kaysha's own label, Sushiraw and reaches the masses via the largest (TO MY KNOWLEDGE) distributor of the music, Section Zouk. You take a look at that cover and combine in what you actually hear on the album and it is well fitting. Thayna is a young artist literally soaking in potential; armed with a very youthful and `curious' voice (she often sounds like a little kid asking a question despite not doing anything of the such) which makes the vibes on Nouveau D&eacute;part really worth checking on top of what you would normally hear on a Zouk project. Nouveau D&eacute;part is a very FRESH sounding vibes as well. When I listen to entire Zouk albums, I often find myself reaching for a Soca tune or a Dancehall tune as just SOMETHING to pick things up here and there and I didn't necessarily find myself doing that with Nouveau D&eacute;part which, by its end, proves itself to be a quite a lovely album and a WONDERFUL introduction of a name and a FACE definitely to keep an eye on.Kaysha's is a name which definitely carries a lot of name amongst fans of Zouk and international pop and R&B.; So much so is that the case that Nouveau D&eacute;part was actually one of the most anticipated Zouk albums of 2008, as Kaysha himself had gone as far as to proclaim she the Princess of his burgeoning label and he helms her maiden voyage. Getting things started on Nouveau D&eacute;part is the album's first (and only to my knowledge) official single and the most single impressive track of the bunch, the downright STUNNING Lettre Ouverte (Open Letter). This tune is just a heavy hitter. By far one its most remarkable qualities is that it doesn't particularly go anywhere unique at all to my ears, instead it opts for a far more conventional and straight-forward type of vibes which just catch on from the opening and continue to remain high throughout the duration of the track. Definitely the biggest tune here altogether and not at all a surprise why Kaysha chose it as Nouveau D&eacute;part's initial single (and DEFINITELY check out the ridiculously lovely video as well). Next up is a little bit of variation with the very relaxed, but somewhat stirring Mal Sans Toi. I have to say that my ears ALMOST pick up a one-drop vibe in there somewhere and again, Thayna's very unique vocals REALLY take the tune to the next level. The beginning is a bit unusual and slow, but the aforementioned `relaxed' soon becomes `stirring' within the early middle portion of the tune before closing with an even more dynamic approach as Thayna even reaches into her bag of tricks and stretches her vocals just a bit, which is a very nice touch indeed. Completing the opening is the very R&B-ish; Le Rem&egrave;de (The Remedy, which seems to be a pretty popular Zouk song title to my experience). I can't exactly call this tune one of my favourites on Nouveau D&eacute;part, but it still really isn't a BAD tune actually. And, it is definitely worth mentioning that it really does pick up in the bridge portion which has a very nice `sing-a-long' quality to it (especially because it's partially in English, for me), but I would still have to say that it doesn't necessarily reach the heights of the two opening tracks, although not a complete and utter failure (or a failure at all for that matter). Altogether it is a pretty good way to start the debut album of a significant young Zouk talent.There's another young singer here of note to mention as well by the name of Shana. (I THINK) Shana is actually Thayna's sister who initially brought her to the attentions of Kaysha. Shana is a pretty straightforward R&B; singer (in English) and the one time she literally chimes in, on the very nice Love Is Blind, the two score with one of Nouveau D&eacute;part's overall BIGGEST tunes. Anytime when you can take something like Zouk, which is, to my ears at least, VERY accessible to combinations with something like pop or R&B; and combine it, it's a very nice thing and Love Is Blind is a fine example of that (and it is worth mentioning that Shana does a bit of the writing on the album, including Lettre Ouverte). Kaysha himself actually makes an appearance with Thayna on the album on the pretty good tune Je Sais (I Know). To be perfectly honest, I think the tune would have done better as Thayna solo, not to take anything away from Kaysha, but she sounds HEAVENLY on one of the best compositions on the album. To complete the Sushiraw family reunion is hip-hop/Zouk duo Ab&eacute;g&eacute; (who apparently opens up for Kaysha in tour) with their tune alongside Thayna, C'est Dur Sans Toi (It's Hard Without You). This one is a bit better than Je Sais, but not as good as Love Is Blind, but solid still. Again, I have to say it might have been a better tune with Thayna solo, but you can't really complain as it is definitely solid still with Ab&eacute;g&eacute; on hand to change things up and the tune really has a nice subtly uptempo nature to its vibes. When things do go solo for Thayna on Nouveau D&eacute;part you get more impressive material, such as the title track itself. Nouveau D&eacute;part the song is absolutely delightful as Thayna weaves an impressive vibes (with very nice backing singers, one of which may be her sister). This tune is the type which you can probably expect to be made into a single at some point and it would be a wonderful choice as well. BIG TUNE. The tune In Love is another very nice changeup as it definitely presents you with a vibes where you could get up and dance to and is a nice change up. It also presents Thayna (and an unaccredited Shana) going completely in English. Its something very unique in my opinion (even though she sounds better in French and Creole) and even if its not always on point, I always like to give thanks for someone trying something different. In Love is definitely different and a very nice vibes still. Thayna reaches to the heights again when she comes back with the tune Mwen Vl&eacute;w, which rather easily proves to be one of the album's finest efforts altogether. Somewhere in the middle of Mwen Vl&eacute;w you can simply just lose your concentration! The tune just rolls in so seamlessly and POLISHED and, again, when talking about a second or a third single for Nouveau D&eacute;part, I would well expect Mwen Vl&eacute;w to be in the discussion. And  Nouveau D&eacute;part winds down with four very nice solo tracks from Thayna; first is  J'en Rve (I Dream), the class of the four which features a VERY unique melody and vibes making it one of the more addictve (and BEST) tunes on the album altogether; Pas Toi (Not You) doesn't reach those levels, but doesn't miss by much. I THINK, again, I hear a swinging one-drop in there somewhere and if I really don't I'm still calling Pas Toi's one of the better `riddims' on Nouveau D&eacute;part, altogether. Comment Te Dire is another BIG vibes, just a COOL COOL tune which had me singing along to it almost immediately when I did really catch on, it's the second best of the final four; and finishing things up is the heavy Spanish guitar infused vibes of Souvenirs De Toi (Remembering Of You), which really took quite a few spins to grow on me. Now, I recognize it as pretty good (even though things do get downright ODD sounding near the end). All in all, a very nice ending to a pretty big album.Overall, trying to recall albums which I bought almost strictly on the basis of the cover (and there have been several) and definitely Nouveau D&eacute;part is one of the better results! Seriously, however, when you look across the board for Zouk, they just have SO MANY young (and younger) potential superstars and throw the name (and the face) Thayna amongst them, definitely. Having and emerging in the set of circumstances that she has (i.e. being guided by one of the genre's biggest names in Kaysha) it makes her not only one of (potentially) the most popular young names in Zouk anywhere, but it gives her the opportunity to develop under a proven developer of talent at what is near (if not THE) the absolute top level of the game. If Nouveau D&eacute;part (and it is) her development up until now has been outstanding and fans of Zouk worldwide will have to keep a spot of attention reserved for the diminutive, somewhat geeky looking young Gwada, Thayna, who seems COMPLETELY INCAPABLE of taking a bad photograph, or making a bad record.
awesome sound, brings back memories of the 90's. Just filling space for my "20" words needed to post....really is that necessary
"Contradictions" is  a refreshing album and solid debut from Side F/X, a Washington, DC-based band.  This self-produced album of original compositions will be hard to pigeonhole, though, for those hoping for a one-genre descriptor.  It features straight-ahead rock tunes reminiscent of Fleetwood Mac in "Scattered" and "Never Forget," bluesy efforts such as "Her Escape," and then the moving and funky pop-tinged tribute to our troops - "My Hero."What ties it all together is the soulful, seductive voice of vocalist and songwriter Kim Cameron, and first-rate backing instrumentals provided by the band.  This is an album sure to appeal to anyone looking for a crisp, fresh sound featuring an up-and-coming singer, first-rate guitar work, and great percussive underpinnings.Looking for a change from the Top 40?  "Contradictions" is just the medicine for what ails you.
The Baby has arrived -- time for a shower!Seems to me that the feeling of accomplishment that comes with the release of a fully produced CD (remember when we called them records?) is a lot like bringing a baby into the world.First you have conception where you consider what your message will be and who you hope to impact. You have many months where you carefully nurture your new production -- knowing all the while that some things you can control and some things will be decided for you as your concept takes on a life of its own.You'll make many trips to the experts to make sure you are on the path for a healthy delivery. There may be a few false labors that cause you to take a step back and regroup. But finally, labor will happen and no matter how difficult -- at the end you will have what you have waited and worked for.Now is the time to allow the world to meet your baby. No Contradiction here -- this is a beautiful baby and THIS baby was born with the gift of reaching the spirits of the many people who will hear its life stories and of touching them in ways as yet unknown.
This collection of tracks allows TONEX the opportunity to share his feelings on different subjects, some of which make people sit up, take notice and LISTEN.  I would love to see him perform RAINBOW and STANDING N TRUTH live one day...hint, hint!  Good job!  I know this wasn't easy and glad you allowed your rainbow shine through the clouds
great album.  i purchased it and listened to it all in one sitting.  this album does have a few filler tracks.  the opening track is probably the most gauging track.  i'll have to listen to this album again one day to fully give a better review.
This reminds me of those cassettes (and later CD'S) that record stores used to have on the counter with a "FREE.. TAKE ONE" sign. I used to grab those all the time to get free music and a clue about what the the label was about.Don't expect a blockbuster, but the price is right for a taste of the label. They are a reissue label first and as such there are several older songs but they're also a new artist label, so there's some newer stuff, too.
Nigel George produces an inspirational album with "Our Colors Won't Run (Feat. President Obama)." A peaceful and patriotic message is encouraged within the beautiful and inspirational lyrics of this song. George's lyrics find pride in the colors of the United States Flag and each color symbolizes nationalism. George's vocal arrangement is sung with a smooth, lush style while the harmonies support the chorus in true R&B; style. Ingenious uses of Barack Obama speeches are on the first track, called "Our Colors Won't Run (Obama For America)" utilizing specific quotes that are cleverly meshed within the lyrics. "Our Colors Won't Run (No speech),"the second track, excludes Barack Obama speeches, but the message remains the same and the musical quality is not lost. "Our Colors Won't Run" is a motivating album depicting the need for people to unite as one, and fans of inspirational R&B; should definitely pick this one up.Diane and the [...] Reviewer Team
Rising star Nypoleon and his CD "The Warm Up" is an amazing debut filled with soulful R&B; and is guaranteed to make a big impact on the music scene. His influences stem from Boyz II Men to Michael Jackson, helping create his unique songwriting which blends old school R&B; with Hip- Hop and Reggae. "One Last Time" highlights Nypoleon's smooth vocal performance and his ability to fuse his influential genres, creating a tone that is somewhere between Ne-Yo and Bob Marley. On "Always Be Around," his R&B; side shines brightly and once again gives us another standout vocal track. His songwriting is well worth mentioning as it separates him from his contemporaries who just deliver the same old beats over and over again. If you love Usher, Babyface or Kanye West, then "The Warm Up" will be spinning in your CD player for quite sometime.[...]
All the greats but...if you've been spoiled by all the covers of these great songs, you may be a bit disappointed.  These were recorded before the "wall of sound" effect became so popular. After hearing different versions with what sounds like a full orchestra backing them up, it sounded odd to listen to the original recordings with just a few basic instruments. But hey, if these songs weren't so great, there wouldn't be so many covers!
Ezra's sweet jazzy sound makes me want to sit and listen to him all day.  The only reason for four stars instead of five is that a couple of songs seem out of place on this album.  I will keep looking for more!!
If you are a fan of Rose Royce, this is a classic gem.  Some good tunes on this album, though not my favorite by this great group.
The lady isn't only sexy as the subtitle states. She is a very talented, soulful vocalist as well.  The sound is fresh yet timeless. Subtle tributes and interpolations pop up throughout the proceedings but never overshadow. For example "Swinging all night" wouldn't sound out of place on a "HI Records" anthology or a "neo soul" compilation.Its a matter of personal taste, but my only issue with this long player is that at times it feels a bit too synthisized.  All in all, Its a pretty great indy production with multiple songs that deserve multiple plays. I hope we get to hear much more from the "Sexy" and talented "lady of southern soul".
I enjoyed these songs when they came out and enjoy listening and reminiscing to the good ole days of yesteryear
I am a Willie Clayton fan and I am enjoying this CD. I am recommending this CD for anyone who like southern blues.
Indeed, these girls can sing, whatever other opinions of the true "Supremes" fans may say. They don't want to be the Supremes but they give tribute to these girls. Somebody asked here, if they ever met The Three Degrees. Well, I was on a show with this group & afterwards, the original Three Degrees. They know eachother.Not bad at all, I love what they are doing.
New generations deserve to hear these songs &#34;live&#34;.  So these girls &#34;Sounds Of The Supremes&#34; & The FLOS are doing us a great service.  Florence Ballard can't come back, Diana Ross & Mary Wilson don't want to be The Supremes anymore so let them be.  So Scherrie Payne , Lynda Laurence, Susaye Greene, Jean Terrell & even Kaaren Ragland, Freddie Poole, Sundray Tucker & Joyce Vincent feel free to bless us with this classic music.  Face it people this is the best we have now.  Relax, Sit back & enjoy fresh new versions of these songs.  If you don't like these, buy & listen to the originals & quit bitching
Lisa Chauntel is rising in this industry and fast! I enjoyed her CD "Live Laugh Love" and can't wait for the sophomore album that's speculated to be released this summer (2011). This 11 song CD does exactly what its title describes, but there were 4 particular songs that stood out most to me. Track #3 "Man of My Dreams", Track #6 "Fallen Into Love", Track #8 "Renee's Song", and Track #10 "No Longer" all have a smooth and relax, but with a twist of jazzy feel to them, that will definitely put this CD in the "ride with the top down" category. If you enjoy giving GOD glory through different views of life, then "Live Laugh Love" is a good listen for you.
Great album by the incomparable Bobby Womack! &#34;If you think you lonely now&#34; is one of the classics of my youth!
Two songs on here just my imagination and if you think your lonely now are masterpieces of soul the album is worth it for those two songs alone. the rest of the material is good but doesn't shine as strong. Very nicely produced and arranged Womack knows his way around a song and it shows. Lovely record don't pass it by.
Members of Slave were replaced for this album but the Slave sound (huge bass-lines, weird vocals) are still there ! In CD, please !
Well what can I say about this one (New Plateau), Hey! it's Slave, No Steve Arrington, and none of the old Jam Patrol members, but we still had Mark L. Adams: the Hansolor on his Monster bass fungkin' it up, and Danny Webster took on the lead vocals, you can also check him out on leads on, steal your heart away(Showtime)LP',and almost all leads on the LP'(Visions Of The Lite) another grate LP' that's now on CD! "WOW", But (New Plateau) is Slave's still on the right track LP', Which only Slave can do.
Very good album,  but didn't like the remastering by GD records. NO BIG SOUND like the Japanese STONE JAM remaster.
The label controlling the rights to Slave's music finally heard my pleas...sort of.  I have long lamented the omission of this album from Slave's CD catalog...and very vocally (See my other Slave reviews.)  The album is good...not great...but it does include two particular favorites of mine, "Shine" and "Warning" ("Warning" was reminiscent of Slave's earlier funky sound before Arrington's arrival).  I understand that the original album listed "Painted Pictures" as a separate track, but, really, it was the lead in to the track "Thank You"...and there is a fairly key bridge between the two tracks not offered as part of the download package.  Which brings me back to my original objections about the distribution of most R&B music.  I imagine that the production of a CD media would have been more true to the original album release insofar as its completeness.  Oh well, at least the mp3 option is something. Thanks, Corporate America.
Rapper Alumni delivers a solid batch of hip-hop with his debut record, "Well Respected." Alumni's background is much different from that of your normal hip-hop star. Alumni has a Bachelor's in biology and a Master's in education, making him one of the most book smart rappers anyone has ever heard of. Education aside, Alumni has clearly perfected his craft as he easily fits in with the likes of Jay-Z. Need proof? Take a listen to "I'm There" or "The Answer," two standout tracks that deserve to be heard. Also, Alumni take's his listeners for a hardcore reality trip on "Strugglin'." Any fan of Def-Jam artists or of gangsta rap will thoroughly enjoy "Well Respected."Shaun H. and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
... what a girl really wants to hear when someone is "rapping" to her. Soul Daddy's self-assured approach and hypnotic verses will keep you hanging on his every word. You won't get that theatrical, radio-waste here. Here is a solid, mature and focused project that whispers instead of shouts. Daddy gets your attention and holds it.
Then this is the music for you! From thesixtyone: "Daniel Watters is a writer/producer/perfomer making music he likes to call "Indie Groove." With song writing influences of Paul Simon and the Beatles with Indie Pop grooves and creative productions to create a unique, smart, addictive style that appeals to a wide audience. His new CD "The Next Draft," follows his previous album, "The All Day Dreamer's LP" in that it is written, produced, arranged and performed almost entirely by Watters. Watters' eleven songs on the new album draw heavily on his recent experiences abroad, tracking a slew of young lovers who dance on the tipping points of self-discovery and transformation. His lyrics are always compassionate, honest, and insightful, and his expanded instrumental arsenal allows him to parallel and counterbalance his words with melodies both playfully upbeat and achingly melancholy. At once catchy and restrained, equal parts optimistic and reflective, "The Next Draft" is a bold, uplifting record that speaks to a generation of similarly self-inventing listeners."
I may not place it in his Top 5 but still a nice album. I like more than half the album.
When I first heard the song I was floored because I know some people that had this very thing happen to them. The song is upbeat and lively. I loved it!
Man !  These guys are veterans of NYC neuvo party funk.  They were the only OPENING band I would actually look forward to hearing.  It brings a tear in my eye to remember all the times I heard the open for Chuck Brown +  The P-Funk Horns at Tramps... and how Tramps recently lost their lease.  - - The sound is fun and funky.  Ironically, its what... BECK (the band,  not guitarist) were trying to sound like on SNL a few weeks ago.  After  you listen to this... check out MOTHERs FINEST... and maybe even a bit of  KID CREOLE &amp; THE COCONAUTS...
If you like the funk then you like Milo Z.  He's whole band really brings it on this album.  Buy it you won't regret it!
This contain the exact same track listing as the Edsel CDCrazy Cajun Recordings, which includes material originally issued by the Tribe label. Great stuff, but it's baffling why they would omit several Tribe single sides, including "Watch The One (That Brings The Bad News)" and "I Don't Want A Playboy."
The Quick & Dirty:Soulive returns with a gritty, soulful, funky musical statement that's sure to please.The Lowdown:After the experimentation that was "No Place Like Soul", the legendary jazz/soul outfit Soulive strips down to the basics to produce a musical statement that's as familiar as an old 12" and at the same time fresh as the sunrise.First of all, the mixes on "Up Here" are extraordinary, taking the lo-fi feel of earlier work ("Get Down") and adding the slightest gloss to it to keep things interesting. The panning of similar elements vary from track to track, so things feel less predictable and more like each track is its own little universe. The vocal mixes are excellent, too, with Nigel Hall's work feeling like it is work that was recorded contemporaneously with Sam Cooke and James Brown. As a result, "Up Here" crackles with urgent intensity and unbridled creative energy.The composition and instrumentation is exactly what we would expect from such a technically sound outfit: sharp, expressive, subtle and intelligent. No one overplays, and even the solos (as outstanding as they are) are kept to a minimum bar count to let the rest of the music breathe and groove. The core ingredients of Soulive (Alan on drums; Neal on bass keys and organ, clavinet and upright piano; Kraz on guitars) do what they do best: interplay, support and compliment. The extraneous elements (the Shady Horns and the afoementioned Hall on vocals) add that little extra garnish to put the project over the top. Just a really pleasing listen all around.A few outstanding tracks are the hip-hop soul of "The Swamp", the 60's groove of "Too Much", and the slinky flow of "PJs".That is not to say, though, that "Up Here" is perfect. While "Too Much" is a great blend of old soul, emotive vocals and thoughtful lyrics, "Tonight" shows how easily the same approach can fall flat if not executed well. With its forced vocals (someone should pay James Browns' estate royalties for Hall's plagiarism), trite lyrics and confusing phrasing, "Tonight"'s only saving grace is the groove that takes the song out.And "Prototype", a cover of Andre 3000's outstanding song from "The Love Below", is uncharacteristically mediocre. Soulive's rendition doesn't take anything off the table, but doesn't bring anything to the table, either. What made Andre 3000's version work was the simple approach: sparse hip hop drums, flowing bassline and the laissez faire, proudly imperfect approach to the vocal work (a la The Ohio Players' Sugarfoot). On Soulive's attempt, the drums drive, but are reverb-heavy, so you lose the crispness of the groove; Hall's vocals are a little weak and vibrato-heavy in the falsetto range; and towards the end the song gets a little muddy, but is rescued by Kraz' flowing solo into the fade. Yes, it's different, and I would rather not have a carbon-copy done when it comes to covering existing compositions, but I was expecting something more, something greater.The Bottom Line:Self-produced and recorded, "Up Here" takes a familiar formula (tight arrangements, energetic delivery, amazing solos) and seasons it just right with accentuating elements (funky horn licks, a smidge of vocals), producing a well-rounded and engaging piece of work.Welcome back fellas. We missed you.
I'm diggin this album. Soulive has taken a slightly different direction with a sound that resembles vintage soul/funk recordings. It kind of sounds like they didn't completely master the mix and recorded it with a single mic in a room of gods of groove. Awesome tracks include "Up Right" "Too Much" and "Tonight".Horns and singer on several tracks sound so tight. They're back on tour for the fall and I got their opening show at The Note in West Chester. Back to the trio format, blowing away the audience as usual. Pretty Good SHIZZ
Some of the best groves and music of Soulive.  This is the Soulive I enjoy so much.  But I don't know what happened on the production end of this album.  Personally, the quality of sound doesn't help in the listening pleasure.
This CD has a smooth flow to it, with each song you will hear her truly singing from the heart.  I can definitely hear someone who is very comfortable bringing love to each song, through her voice this CD seems to bring an intimacy about her soul.Track "I just want to go outside" is a catchy song full of life that will grab you right away, "Love is blind", is a song true to the heart, a sweet ballad where you will feel the confidence in her voice.The title track "Me & U" has a very good beat but my favorite is the last track "Today and Forever" is a song true to the heart that was a way of reaching down into your soul. She is letting us know that there is so much about her that through these songs it not only tells us a story on who she is but also where she wants to go.  This is a smooth easy listening CD that no one should miss.
I downloaded this EP not knowing what to expect. I love the mix of Electronica and Christian lyrics. Jai is definitely thinking outside of the box with this one! It's very youthful and it will move you, literally! If you are expecting traditional gospel this is not for you. But if you are looking for something that "speaks to your heart" this is the CD to pick up! I absolutely LOVE it! "Good to Me" is my favorite song so far! Well worth the small amount I paid. Keep up the good work Jai! I pray God blesses your endeavor!
The music is tight!  Well produced!!  It doesn't sound like it was made in someone's garage or basement using a Mickey Mouse system!  I pray God allows you to continue to blow up!  Gospel with a very urban and youth appeal!  The church mothers and deacons may have a problem relating to the music, Jojo and 'nem won't!  Overall, I enjoy supporting up and coming artists, especially when they take the time to make sure their production is executed in the spirit of excellence!!  Well done!!
Highly talented in the arts, singer/songwriter Flora Ware reaches well beyond the roots of jazz with her smooth vocal style on her latest album "Insight." Ware's voice is impressive with pure and polished clarity, yet there is a wonderful silky and sultry taste to it. She projects her voice with clean articulation only to be complemented by the dynamic and well-balanced instruments. Molded for a night club scene with a soft and subtle atmosphere, "You Don't Know What Love Is" is sweet and has sophisticated elegance. Feel the relaxed orchestrated production on "I've Never Been In Love Before" as the horns dance around Ware's graceful vocals and stunning lyrics.  Flora Ware's "Insight" is an album that has the versatility to mix jazz with R&B; and pop with progressive, modern touches. This treasure of exquisite jazz songs will have listeners wanting more of this gifted artist, and is an album well worth listening to.Diane and the RadioIndy.com Reviewer Team[...]
Hey Samuel!  I saw your Youtube clip with Kirk Franklin singing Don't Cry!  You were amazing!  I look forward to supporting your career.  Your style and the way you deliver sentiments of spirituality is beautifully composed!  I pray you have much success and that the entire world will be able to share in the knowledge of what an awesome gift you have.God bless,Ji
Not that it matters, but the fact that Fred Nash's high tenor voice, which bears a resemblance to "I Can See Clearly Now" artist Johnny Nash, can't help but make a listener wonder if Fred is an offspring of the highly acclaimed former hit maker and impresario. That his CD-single, "Trying To Find My Way" has a similar soulful pop feel (albeit, without the reggae flavor), buoyed by an engaging, instantly captivating melody, only adds to the mystery. Regardless, "Trying To Find My Way," with its tasty, Steve Cropper-like guitar accompaniment accenting a spare, church-like arrangement, is a veritable throwback to an era when artists such as Nash, James, and Bobby were fashioning a crossover sound out of melding pop and soul sensibilities. Spiritual and meaningful, "Trying to Find My Way" is a fine debut CD-single from an artist who is likely to command attention not for his name, but for his escalating talent.Rice B. and the [..] Reviewer Team[...].
If you're looking for "The Shoop Shoop Song" you won't find it here.  If you're looking for her duet with Jerry Butler, "Let It Be Me", you won't find that here either.  What you will find, however, are some excellent tracks from this talented and underrated songstress.Not explicitly mentioned, but hinted at by the silhouette on the cover, is the fact that four of the ten tracks are duets with Jerry Butler.  I considered this to be somewhat of a hidden bonus.  The four tracks are:Ain't That Loving You BabyLove Is StrangeLet the Good Times RollI Can't Stand ItMy only issue with this album is the number of tracks for the price.  $8.99 for ten tracks is a bit excessive.  Otherwise I'd have rated this album at five stars.
I can appreciate Mr. Hawthorne style.  The beat and melody is a mixture of the 50's and 60's with a hint of 90's with a Jazzy feel.  The style seem original with a twist and I hope that all of his music sounds like this cut "I wish it would rain", I think the soul in this music is good.  If you have an ear for music and can appreciate different type of styles then I feel you will like Mr. Hawthorne style although simplistic with the lines.
Its soulful melody will get you in the mood. Sounds kind of like the Intruders but with and up tempo melody.
Touch YouThis is something new for the ears unlike all the others out currently in the industry!!!!!!!!!!
Soul Clan - Solomon Burke, Arthur Conley, Don Covay, Ben E. King and Joe Tex - turned out to be more of a concept than a working concern. They waxed only one single as a group, pairing the Southern-styled "Soul Meeting" with the gospel-influenced "That's How it Feels," leaving their 1969 album to be filled out with two solo sides apiece. It's a great set, highlighted by Conley's transcendent "Sweet Soul Music," but the two collaborative sides leave you wondering what might have been, if Atco could have coordinated more sessions together. Those with deep collections of the individual performers can now snag the two Soul Clan collaborations as individual digital downloads. Collector's note: despite the stereo cover art, Rhino's digital reissue is mono. [2011 hyperbolium dot com]
Nice soundtrack from a 1970 film about a white racist who wakes up black. Melvin Van Peebles scored his own movies.Here, he mixes soul, some blues, and contemplative flute music common in the era's films. A little patchy as an album, but the stronger passages are very much so and make all of the soundtrack worth buying.
I like her style and voice. Very bluesy,and ingaging. I don't thinkthis song is the one to launch her career. I would buy her music ifI heard the right stuff.
I love Johnny Rivers' music - always have - we saw him a few years ago and his voice was just as good as when he was young. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I don't like that you can only buy it and mess with the "cloud player" I hate it but that was the only option. I want to put it on a CD or MP3 player but haven't figured out how yet. Too much hassle for me. I like simplicity.
When you listen to this CD you can truly hear and feel the passion that this artist has for the one he sings about(our Lord). I give this CD two thumbs up, buy it and you'll enjoy as well.
I first saw F. Stokes when he opened for Doomtree on the No Kings tour, on their stop in Cambridge. He had a great flow and interacted really well with the crowd, and I picked up the album he had on sale. That was a great album, but this one's even better. Lazerbeak adds a level of energy that F. Stokes has trouble tapping into with his delivery, and combined make a really fun and interesting album. Worth every penny.Plus, when I talked to F. Stokes at the show, he was a friendly guy. So that's always good to know.
Basement Ballads is more of an EP with some good songs. "My Love For You" track 1 is a great ballad. Great add toy Keith Matin Collection.
Mike's voice is one of a kind a cant be replaced evrything he released is perfectIM glad he inspires new artist that I loveDream influence is Prince and Mikealso Check Out Tiec Tocc's Frozen amazing music
This collection is very nice and not often seen of showcasing the artist's voice and his use of it to craft a tune...MJ has that gift and this is nice set of songs.
Some will complain about the brevity (around 38 minutes), but you know what they say about too much of a good thing, plus not every Motown-era Michael song can work STRIPPED down. Ladies will love the select period photos, and everyone who gets this will be hit in the eardrums with the reworked mix for "Ben"! THIS should've been the RELEASED version! Seriously: it's still a WEIRD song, but the dramatic feel is improved by this retooling. If this release is a CASH-IN one, it may be one of those that doesn't harm his [early] legacy. Arguably, the highlights of this set could've been COMBINED with the new "I Want You Back!" set of previously-unreleased material for a disc that runs closer to eighty minutes and give the consumer more bang for their buck! Overall, if in doubt, one can always listen to the samples for this compilation and buy their favorites via MP3 download if they're the casual Michael listener; the hardcore fans will buy this for years to come without blinking. WARNING: the beginning of Michael 're-mix' collections has only just BEGUN....
This CD is amazing. It presents the tried-and-true early Motown classics in a fresh way. It's called "The Stripped Mixes" for a reason: these are all whittled down to their basic elements, focusing around Michael's voice. All the instruments are clear and his voice is pushed right to the front of the mix.The song selection is also incredibly thoughtful. The compilation producers didn't just pick the big hits; they chose the best of the big hits alongside lost gems, like "Ain't No Sunshine", which was actually a Top 10 hit in the UK. The best cut? That's easy: "With A Child's Heart". The stripped mix presented here makes this song almost religious in its purity and beauty!
Rosetta Tharpe blends gospel and blues music together making catchy, lively songs that are less about worship and god abiding than rocking out. There are a number of tracks that make this album particularly good, my favorite being 'This Train.'
the song is catchy and enjoyable. It gives reason to want to move to the beat, as the music builds. A good selection for almost anyone looking to have a fun time. A must play any time people are getting together for fun times.
I disagree with an earlier post regarding Kissey's vocals. I will say that Kissey seems at her BEST with Chief Collabo, but this is a very solid effort that needs to be checked out! Do yourself a favor and cop this. Soulful and worth the cop!
There is honestly no question about the demanding comeback of Whitney Houston, and the feeling of her comeback with I Look To You. There has just been so much hype around the return, but also with the feeling in her mixes as well. When the original version for Million Dollar Bill was released as a track for the album, it definitely was very lively and uptempo with the rhythm. For her latest single, she also has a remixed version, and the remix for Million Dollar Bill actually sounds good. It just doesn't feel like it overpowers the original version of the song, as was the vase with It's Not Right But Its Okay had done from My Love Is Your Love back in the late 90's. While I honestly don't recommend dance mixes for songs, this is honestly one that works well for hard core Whitney fans.Song: B-
I ordered it because I heard it on the radio, I loved the violin sound, it was what I hoped and expected.  There's really no more to say, I summed it up in one word.  The music is good and I like it very much.
I think the title says it all. This version is really good, but not exactly the original if you're a purist.
I've loved this song since I was a child and heard it on a commercial.  I checked a few websites and chose Amazon.com because it provided me with a direct download of the MP3 without having to install an additional player.I put the song on my cell phone/mp3 player and it plays fine and the sound is crisp.  Although the song itself is old, there was no crackling or noticable distortion in the music.I would recommend this song for people who like a little pick-me-up ditty and The Foundations music-lovers!
I have been a big fan every since and I collect all the album from Incognito, Maysa and Bluey.The only one star I hold it here is because this album is only available in mp3 format.I am an old school listener and I prefer a CD quality on my music.
I really like the band, so naturally I love their live stuff.  A very good concert, but not the best.
I've heard of these guys but haven't heard any of their studio albums.  Of the two live sets they've recorded, this one is my favorite.  They really stretch out and flesh out the harmonies.  A great record to listen to from start to finish to fully appreciate their musicianship and showmanship.
Smile on my face, bobbing my head left, and right, can't stay in my seat, going crazy, I like it &lt;&lt;&lt;, >>>, &lt;*>, \|/|\/\, \\\ ...
The solo debut album by J-double-R, "Hip-Hop Rebirth," is one collection of genuine hip-hop tunes that exudes intelligence and current-day relevance. Powerful beats fused with poetic, politically potent lyrics provides a perfect platform for J-double-R's pure talent to manifest itself. Opening with the gripping title track, listeners are immediately introduced to J-double-R's raw and hard-hitting rap style. "Changes (feat. kissroyale)" is a lovely collaboration focusing on the remarkable change and progression symbolized by the election of Obama as president, and displays unforgettable musical hooks. The slower-paced tune dubbed "Inner Thoughts" stands out as an exceptionally well-written and representative of J-double-R's sheer creative intelligence. Topped off with seasoned production, fans of honest, genuine, and prudent hip-hop will thoroughly enjoy this CD. Xavier and the [...] Reviewer Team[...]
Inspiring modern French gospel music! Some songs will help you through tough times, some will inspire you to get closer to God and some songs will just get you going in the morning!
4 stars only because it wasn't long enough. I've been a fan of Wu since the 90's and enjoyed whenever Tekitha was featured on one of their songs. This e.p. is a brief glimpse into her diversity. Tekitha if you're reading this, we would like to hear more from you. A full length album would be nice! Wu Tang Forever...
If you're familiar with "Don't Disturb This Groove" and "The Pleasure Seekers", then you know The System.  The same group, with an updated sound, that still works. Check out "Strictly Bedroom" and "Grip".  "Deja Vu" and "Hole in My Love" are on the "ESP" Album, along with an updated version of their hit "You Are in My System"; definitely don't pass on the "ESP" album either.
It has been 15 years since Whitney Houston showed history all her own. At that moment in time, her song Exhale (Shoop Shoop) became the very first song from a movie to debut at #1 on the Billboard charts, and Waiting To Exhale became a classic in R&B; music soundtracks. For Whitney whom is continuing to celebrate her 25th anniversary this year of her landmark debut record, she also has re-released Exhale as a single EP that including the quiet storm smash, as well as a few tracks from Whitney's library that've been overlooked from past records like the simple Dancin' On The Smooth Edge and Moment Of Truth which feels like it has a bit of classic Houston from her 1st record and the 1987 Whitney era. The two other tracks are a bit lesser-known like her singing teaming up with her family member Aretha Franklin on the overlooked 1989 duet It Isn't, It Wasn't, It Ain't Ever Gonna Be, and her rendition of the holdiay classic Do You Hear What I Hear? It is a great set of songs to download for the die hard Whitney Houston fan in everyone of us.Exhale EP: B 1/2-
like everyone else, i heard about sean hayes through the subaru commercial..which btw, is extremely sweet due to the song 'Powerful Stuff'.prior to purchasing the album, i sampled a couple of the things and decided to give it a shot! i'm so glad i did because the songs are beautifully written and sound great. powerful stuff and when we fall in are my favorite songs off this album.it has a mellow, jazzy, blues feel to it and kinda just flows. def recommend it!
While it seems that there are a lot of singer-songwriters mining their inner folk-nerd these days, Sean Hayes has been tapping the folk vein for long enough that his music has a truth to it that's rarely heard in his genre. His previous albums had a mellower vibe, perhaps born of the deep deep bohemian roots of San Francisco, where he lives. I guess you could say he took Gary Snyder's path out of San Francisco's beat corridors, aiming his sights on the emptiness and quiet of the Northwest's natural environment, instead of the frenetic kinetic path of Kerouac. But his new album, Run Wolves Run, has an edge that I haven't heard before in his music. Maybe the cover photo of a woman wrestling a snarling wolf to the ground has influenced my listening, but the music here is harder, angrier, more serious than what I've heard from him. He's also joined by a full electrified band in this recording, a departure from his lo-fi roots.  Happily, his cracked voice has remained the same. It's the hallmark of his distinctive sound and a delicious pleasure to me.-Devon at Hearth Music[...]
Sean Hayes's latest, "Run Wolves, Run," features the holy trinity of drums, bass, and guitars but still sounds fresh and modern thanks to a nice infusion of jazz and reggae flavors that liven up this great sounding recording. Mr. Hayes soulful, raspy vocals hover over the instruments, his voice a siren call to the adventure of romance or maybe vice-versa, the romance of adventure. Mr. Hayes engages the world around him, more likely to scrape his knees or knuckles than become lost in the tepid introspective meanderings that prove the curse of too many songwriters these days.An array of percussion ranging from a disembodied triangle to a Brazilian drum corps spice up the arrangements, and the musical arrangements allow his guitar work to set the tone of the songs without overwhelming them.  Kudos to his band, Andrew Borger on drums and percussion and Devin Hoff on basses, who don't just play foils to Mr. Hayes but add a nice layer of bedrock that keep matters real.If a comparison helps other newcomers to Mr. Hayes' music here, the closest comparison I can think of might be the Jonathon Butler Trio's recordings.
MOST OF THE SONGS ON THIS CD/MP3 ARE FROM THE VERY 1st LP THAT RUFUS RELEASED (BEFORE IT WAS RUFUS FEATURING CHAKA KHAN,THAT CAME ON THE NEXT LP &#34;RAGS TO RUFUS&#34; WHICH PUT THEM ON THE ROAD TO SUPER STARDOM.) THE LP WAS SIMPLY TITLED &#34;RUFUS&#34; & HAD A GATEFOLD COVER WITH A B&W PICTURE ON THE FRONT. IF YOUR A RUFUS/CHAKA FAN (AS i) YOU WANT THIS TO MAKE YOUR COLLECTION COMPLETE,STEVIE WONDER'S &#34;MAYBE YOUR BABY (FROM HIS &#34;TALKING BOOK&#34; LP 1972) IS DEFINATLY MY FAVORITE.
I heard this on a British station while traveling.  Now I need a dollar to buy a copy!  Great song in the depression tradition of "Brother Can You Spare A Dime".
Heard them on &#34;Wait! Wait! Don't Tell Me&#34; and liked the sound.  I think they are worth the buy. Do it.
Soulful and raw! This band delivers. Don't miss this one if you can help it. If you've never heard of the band, now is the time to change all that.
I like it...but then I like most of anything that Mali Music does!  He's a great gift to the Kingdom!! Definitely not your average "gospel" album by far but a great versatile way of spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.  It will certainly reach many of the "untouched" and seemingly unreachable masses of this generation with great collaborations and introductions of new artists.  So enjoy and also check out his songMake Me New (feat. Mali Music & Together We Stand Community Choir)!  Another blessing of a song to me!!
I went to the CD release for this album in Brooklyn b/c a friend of mine was playing.  Man am I glad I went and got a copy of this!  I'm a big fan of J Dilla, and this CD has got some killin' grooves.  Check out Sundry, for sure!Siraj has a very unique singing style; her poetry is quite beautiful and she weaves it gracefully over that canvas of deep pocket.The only thing I could've used more of is sum booty (u know, those frequencies that get your subs humming).  But the playing and singing is great!  Definitely pick up a copy.
Big Sam's Funky Nation is not going to confuse you. On King of the Party, Sam Williams and company pick up the funk-rock blend that Trombone Shorty and Bonerama have been toying with and puts it in your face. Guitars on 10, arena rock drums and the horns blaring like they're in the phone booth with you. No idea is complicated; when Sam wants to get funky, the Nation goes into James Brown mode for the unfortunately-titled "Krunked Up" (When grandmothers spoke of "getting krunk" during the playoffs, "krunk" lost all hip cred--if it had any left). When Sam wants to party, he declares himself the king of the party in the title cut then backs it up.As you can imagine, we're not going to learn life lessons from Big Sam's lyrics, but this is visceral music. It's made to be felt, not thought about, and as long as nothing's off-puttingly dumb, it works. And nothing is; in fact, "See Me Dance" is a charming bit of self-mythologizing and one of the most compelling songs on the album.King of the Party works because Big Sam knows who he is as a musician and embraces it. His charisma, exuberance and sense of joy translate to the album, which is good because they keep you hooked despite frustratingly low vocal levels throughout. On one track, it sounds like he's singing through a CB radio, but the air of fun is such that even his dalliance with AutoTune is amusing.--OffBeat Magazine, May 2010 issue
I bought the alunm thinking it would be songs I all ready knew however, I was pleasantly surprised!  The alumn kicked
These are all classics, but two stand the test of time.&#34;Turn around, look at me&#34;&#34;You are my Special Angel&#34;Quality of sound is excellent.Not all tracks are by the original Vogues so its not collector quality.
If you grew up enjoying the Vogues and perhaps attending their concerts.....this album brings some of their best presentations back to you.  I enjoy listening to this when I need a trip down memory lane. Romantic memories abound.
Nice mixture of styles.  Quality of sound was very good.  Good mixture of a 50's sound as well as early 60's
Having recorded their debut album in the mid-70s for the Oklahoma-based Shelter Records (home to Leon Russell and Tom Petty's debut, among others), this Tulsa trio of brothers moved to Los Angeles and hooked-up with producer Lonnie Simmons. The result was decidedly funkier and turned out the 1979 breakthrough, "Shake." The band's sound evolved over several albums, from the horn-based influences of EW&T; and Tower of Power, to harder P-Funk arrangements, replete with voiceovers and fictional radio stations.Throughout the '80s the Gap Band minted a string of R&B; chart hits, including "Steppin' Out," "I Don't Believe You Want to Get Up and Dance (Oops, Up Side Your Head)" and "Burn Rubber (Why You Wanna Hurt Me)." Most commonly remembered today is  their pop-chart crossover, "You Dropped a Bomb on Me," a song that's become part of the '80s music lexicon. The band's catalog is filled with party-time classics, including the Soul Train dance-line favorite, "Party Train," and the P-Funk styled "Jam the Motha." Slow jams like "Season's No Reason to Change" and the surprisingly poppy "The Boys are Back in Town" showed the brothers could play the soul ballads, too.This double-CD is too rich for the casual fan who just wants a CD to get a party started (the "Ultimate" single disc collection will suffice for this), but for those wanting a generous helping of the band's lower charting singles, some album tracks and a few rare sides (including the title theme to the film "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka"), this is a good one-stop alternative to tracking down the original albums. (Collector's note: "Open Up Your Mind" and "I Don't Believe" are presented here in their edited single forms, rather than the original album-length tracks.) [2006 hyperbolium dot com]
Dayna Lynn has a light, airy vocal presence that dances across a range of lyrical material ranging from spiritual needs, to self-love to environmental concerns wrapped up in an jazzy, soulful package.  You need to take a listen and hear for yourself, then buy it.  It's well worth it to support fresh talent with a grasp on their purpose and contribution to the music scene.
I don't know who any of these artists are but think they are on a label called JazzmanIn any event, Hunk Of Heaven is an amazing comp. If this represents Jazzmqn, than the label releases music that is funk and jazz or somehow connected. "Baby True," by Gettysburg Address, for example, is Wes Montgomery style lounge. "Bobby's Tune," by the Soul Tornados could be a 1968 Booker T. and the MGs track. There is also vocal jazz, slick funk, smooth jazz, and disco.But all of this is so genuine, I went looking for a 1960S band Gettysburg Address: that is how true to form "Baby True" sounds. But am glad it took me some cyber legwork, because it led me to this diverse but fantastic comp.Hunk Of Heaven is well paced. Despite so many styles, they are sequenced in  a perfect flow.Get it.
This is the first recording for this artist and it is everyting I was expecting.  Now I am a fan!
Darren Criss entered the public eye with his performance in the YouTube recording of A Very Potter Musical.  His charisma and talent brought a whole new level to the character of Harry Potter that worked wonderfully.  He wrote many of the songs featured in that show and has since written many other delightful tunes for shows performed by Team Starkid, the geniuses behind A Very Potter Musical.His debut CD is an excellent first effort and just oozes with the charisma that we have come to expect from Darren.  Purely acoustic, with excellent vocals, piano, and guitar, all performed by Darren himself who demonstrates remarkable multi-instrumental ability.  This has a raw feel, reflecting where Darren came from.  He recorded the entire album in his room with the help of an audio engineer friend.  There was no professional studio recording, no multitracks, no voice correction in post production.  It really feels as if we are sitting in a room with him as he plays.All the songs are original compositions, some sound familiar and others do not.  Fans will recognize "Not Alone" and "Sami."  Both of these were used in A Very Potter Musical but were written by Darren before the show came into being, the love ballad "Sami" being altered slightly to become "Harry," the song sang by Ginny Weasley to express her unrequited love for Harry Potter.  The other three songs are all new and equally entertaining to listen to.Overall, Darren Criss demonstrates remarkable musical talent and I think that, like Harry Potter himself, we can expect great things from him in the future.  Can't wait for a full album!
Love Darren Criss and his singing.  When I learned he had an alburm out a couple of years ago I wanted to buy it but hesitated as I was accustomed to hearing him sing mainstream type of songs and not originals.  Regardless, he has an incredible voice and so I purchased this album anyway.  The album is good, and probably more in line with the type of music he would prefer to be singing but my preference is for him performing the mainstream songs I am familiar with.
I love Darren Criss' s singing. So naturally anything he sings is amazing. Wished the CD came with more songs and the lyrics. But all and all, I'm happy with it.
It was fantastic.  My only criticism is that there were only six songs and it left me wanting more. Can't wait for the next one.
Before his star making roll on Glee, there was the 'magic' that is A Very Potter Musical and A Very Potter Sequel. And amidst all that, there is this self written, self performed, and self produced little gem. It showcases the true Darren Criss, as opposed to Darren Criss, who plays Blaine on Glee. The songs are very personal, for better or worse. Some of them are diamonds in the rough, and those alone make this album worth owning. Not to mention, it shows support for one of the most promising singer/songwriters in the up and coming music business. And so without further ado, my review of Darren Criss: Human.1). C - Darren Criss - Human - This is my least favorite song on the album. Not because of his vocals, which are fantastic, and the song is beautifully written. I think, honestly, it's the guitar. It just takes something from what could otherwise have been a powerful ballad.2). A - Darren Criss - Sami - Those of us who are A Very Potter Musical fans will recognize the beat and tune to the song Harry (What You're Doin' To Me) Somewhere out there is a woman named Sami who is forever immortalized in song. And is there any bigger compliment? The song is packed with beautiful hooks and heartfelt emotion. Possibly some of Darren Criss' best work.3). B+ - Darren Criss - Jealousy - This is a very true and real song, showcasing the awful way that jealousy can rear it's ugly head. Again, the vocals are beautiful. I think it's the guitar that just holds it back from being perfection. I hope one day he can redo some of these songs with more complete arrangements. I can just imagine it.4). B - Darren Criss - Don't You - This is such a soft beautiful song. Even the guitar by itself can't steal the emotion and soft, pure vocals that Darren brings to the song.5). A+ - Darren Criss - Not Alone - The best song on the album, bar none. Those of us who were fans of Darren before Glee will recognize yet another song from A Very Potter Musical. (Seriously, look that up on YouTube.) It's not just the most beautiful song on the album, but overall one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. This is songwriter gold here, and it's destined to be one of Darren's classics ten and twenty years from now when Darren is an even bigger star.So okay, that's my two cents on Darren Criss' album Human. I give the overall album grade a solid A-. Not every song is perfect, but the ones that are, are so good that they elevate the rest of the album. If you're a Darren Criss fan, then this is a must have album for your collection. And if you're a Darren Criss lover but have never experienced Darren before Glee, then go look up A Very Potter Musical and A Very Potter Sequel on YouTube. Whether for the album or the YouTube works, I don't think you'll be disappointed.Thanks so much for your time folks.Sincerely, R.A. McDowell
I've become a Darren Criss fan since watching him on Glee, and I've got to admit this album was better than expected. A few guitar songs, a few piano songs, his voice sounds great, and the songs are relate-able. "Don't You" is a classic morning-after track and "Jealousy" is something we've all been through. If you're into Dashboard Confessional or early Jimmy Eat World, you might really like the musicality of Criss' songs.
Got this by mistake was not the artist I was thinking about BUT what a great mistake to make.I was very well surprised when I listened. Some Great Blues. Love those Big Easy Horns.Very Soulful.
I ordered Leave Your Hat On and received correctCD but when installed on computer, different menu of songs comes up..still usuable and amazon offered to resend or credit, but it is ok the way it is. Just found it a little strange.
I wanted to hear Michael's bluesy, soulful voice but felt there were too many additional voices in these songs. Maybe the next cd will be more of what I want to hear.
Love Michael Grimm's soulful sound, I'm very fond of theat raspy voice of his. The songs are just what I was looking for, it's also a pleasure to hear him singing with the women on this cd.
Congratulations Michael! Thanks for putting blues and soulmusic back on the map. Most of your material dates back toAl Green, Otis Redding, Ray Charles, Fleetwood Mac and someof the great blues guitarists from down here in the South.It's almost as if you can resurrect Motown, Stax andAtlantic record labels. I know you can do this.I am not a native of Mississippi..just a resident and Isurvived 'Katrina' too. I wish you every success with a newrecord deal?? New CD?? Also the AGT tour you will embarkon soon. Thanks Michael, you are a breath of fresh air inthe hustle and bustle of the music industry. Your voice andblues guitar playing, should take you places that were a dreamuntil yesterday. The reality today is stardom, and a chancefor you to purchase the home you no longer have to dreamabout. Good luck Michael. Hopefully I can watch you onstage soon, or even swing a backstage pass!After winning..Michael married his long term girlfiend..built a house [or two?], went on tour with Stevie Nicks.Also toured with the AGT roadshow, after he won. This yearhe was back on AGT, with his band..[9/6/11].
THANK YOU MICHAEL GRIMM! HE'S WORKED LONG & HARD & COME A LONG WAYS,AND I LOVE HIS MUSIC,AND LIKE THIS CD VERY MUCH.I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO HIS NEXT ONE,AND AM HOPING HE'LL DO A DOWN & DIRTY BLUES CD VERY SOON.HE HAS THE VOICE AND IS A GREAT MUSICIAN.THANK YOU! A+++++
I got this for my husband for Christmas, and we both love Michael's soulful voice. I remember him from America's Got Talent being very modest and REAL despite being very talented. Hopefully, he stays grounded.
Heard this guy on the final episodes of America's Got Talent and was pretty impressed by his great voice. Was eager to get this CD and purchased it with his earlier work "I am Michael Grimm". I was happy about the selection of songs on "Leave Your Hat On". Have to wonder though...What on earth were they thinking by making the first song on his first post-AGT commercial endeavor a duet??? I happen to love the song 'You Don't Know Me' and could not wait to hear Michael's amazing voice take on this classic. Instead it is recorded as a duet. Huh? "Leave Your Hat On" seems over produced, rushed through production in order to get it out in the wake of AGT. The CD seems to be trying to present Michael as a Ray Charles/Aaron Neville/Michael Bolton wannabe instead of allowing his unique and substantial vocal talants to find it's own stylistic niche.
Love the CD... Love Trey Songz!!  Only complaint... the songs are not in order of how they are listed on the case.  When you put the cd in your computer, the tracks are mislabeled.  Be careful to re-label the songs if you are ripping the cd to put on your ipod or mp3 players.
This was a great mixtape released right before READY.. it was free so i encourage those tight on money to google it ... But if u have the means its worth the purchase !!!![...]
I dig the production quality, especially the bass beats as with his album, "Ready". Typical R&B content, but with beautiful melodies which made it a nice listen overall. Thought it would be a little "hotter" thus four stars instead of five, but still a Trey fan. From an artist to an artist, "Nice look Trey."
This is a great CD any Trey Songz fan should have along with the Ready CD. Showerlude and Scratching Me Up are great to play for sexy time.
I appreciate the many facets of Kelly's music (Jazz, R&B, Funk....). He covers a lot of ground with his guitar and while professional in his play, it sounds like he is having a great time just jamming. I own both of his CD's and am pleased with both. Very entertaining music. A great artist.......
Generally when one purchases Vol. 1 of a cd you take it for granted that there's another volume on its way. That said, often times the company has used up its best music in order to get you to think the second version will be just as good and disappoint sets in when you purchase the 2nd volume only to find the leftovers! This is definitely not the case here! I opted for the MP3 download and wound up choosing the full disc because it was too difficult to choose which songs I preferred without listening to several over and over again. EXCELLENT selections!
He has a different sound...not bad though but it may take a little while for you to warm up to all the songs on this album.  Would I recommend it...yes!  Would I say it's awesome...no!
Like the good old days cruzing Central in Burque (Albuquerque) N.M.  Loved listening to the CD in the evening kicking back looking at the stars.
I went to see the movie La Mission because I'm a fan of actor Benjamin Bratt.  Not only did I enjoy the movie, but loved the sound track.  If you enjoy music by/similar to Santana with some soul and rhythm and blues, you will definitely like the sound track from La Mission.
Well, I love the CD I just wish it had more songs! But then again, imagining Benjamin Bratt is all one can ask!
The songs are good, just like in the movie.  Wish it had ALL the songs.  Good enough though.
I really enjoyed the remakes of &#34;Be Thankful&#34; as well as the original music from the soundtrack.  While watching the movie and hearing the soundtrack, I just had to have the soundtrack.  Well done.
Songs from La Mission - La MissionSaw the movie which inspired me to order the DVD. Music in movie was better than on DVD but still enjoy the music
I had never heard of Aloe Blacc until earlier this year when I was playing one of the free CDs that comes with MOJO magazine and on the CD of Rolling Stones covers tunes, one track, "I Got the Blues," was sung by Aloe Blacc. Wow! What a voice. He definitely has one of those powerful yet melodic voices that turns heads and commands your attention. It's got that old school 70s vibe to it, but yet with a modern sheen. I keep trying to think of someone else that he reminds me of, but nobody else really compares. It's not that Blaac's voice is that unusual or anything, but it is distinctive. As for this album, it's a very good one, mixing soulful originals with surprising effective covers such as the Velvet Underground's "Femme Fatale." This guy really digs deep into the emotional vault and pours out the soul. Fans of 70s and 80s soul should really dig this album. This guy is going places.
This music is fresh and original.  Her voice is beautiful and the production compliments her well.  Very good album , can't wait to hear more.
Old school Gospel, hubby and wife duo, Gospel music has changed now 2010, If your tired of hearing hip hop in today's Gospel music, back up a decade and throw down on this release, late 80's early 90's Gospel is much more down to earth. this takes me way back, I love this couple's work in gospel
Everyone once in a while (pretty often, actually), I just have a hankering for 70s-style action movie music, and Monophonic fill the bill nicely.  I saw them perform at a local blues festival last year and was fully entertained by the energy and the chops--I'm not quite sure how they got on the blues circuit, but there they were.  Some of the stuff gets &#34;out there&#34; harmonically sometimes, but the sheer sincerity of the delivery wins you over on nearly every track.  I've got 3 tracks in rotation on my MP3 player, so it's an excellent addition to anyone's music collection.
I've always loved this song. I mean, after all, why would I just randomly pick this guy to download this song, right? Well...after actually sitting and listening to it as an adult, this song is Super Duper Creepy! It sounds like the lady in the song really wants nothing to do with him. It seems as if she has been avoiding him and making excuses as to why she couldn't see him. He in turn, sings a song to her, telling her to NOT say no tonight and that he's pretty much not going to take no for an answer. Overall it's a good song that takes me back to the 80's but in this case, ignorance is bliss. I wish I would have never really listened to the words!!!
I ordered it because I heard it on the radio, I loved the violin sound, it was what I hoped and expected.
Wow and Double Wow! My expectations were exceeded greatly by this solo effort by former Temptation, Glen Edwards. Edwards who sang with the group in the 70's and 80's hits it out of the park with Then And Now. The album reprises some of the groups classic hits and I recommend this to fans of the Tempts.
This is a nice recording. It's got that late 60's to early 70's vibe. The black righteous lyrics are interesting but also questionable. Does Syl really believe owning a Cadillac will get him justice in society? Oh...well. It was a different time. The syrupy groove integrates(no pun intended) nicely with Syl's vocals. His quality of voice and style are similar to Al Green. This guy was obviously a great talent, but I only became familiar with him a few months ago. If you are a child of the Civil Rights era you might really get into this song. If you are not a child of this period, you can get a glimpse into early soul music, a lot which I feel is a higher quality than a lot of "neo-soul" stuff that's out there currently.
need the whole CD to give a really good critique, But I like this one song. Hope the rest is as good. Nominated for astellar so must be.
He was pretty good. The lyrics are about chemistry with that special someone. He got a good beat that I can boop my head too.
Chaz Shepherd has amazing vocal rage and his music is very fresh and positive. His album  was hard not to keep on repeat on my playlist.
This CD is awsome. My favorite songs so far is "I Can't Wait" & "By My Side". I really enjoy the old "swagness" I hear in his muusic. There is not a song on the CD I don't like. I think many people will never know or hear the talent this guy has because it is not played on the radio. Please check this CD out this is good music with a good message. I highly recommend this CD.
This artist is someone that came from no where and I really wish to hear more from him. I love his sound and enjoy him as an actor. Take a chance on this one.
I heard one if his songs on Jamie foxx sirux radio. I order the cd and I have not been disappoint. Love 6, 7, & 8. I can wait for another cd but I hope its ALL SLOW jams.
I ran across this one night while browsing on Amazon and it is a gem of a CD. I was curious because I had always enjoyed the old Honey Cone recordings.  This solo CD by Edna Wright is done in true Gamble-Huff/Philadelphia International style.  There isn't a bad track.  If you like the Jean Carne, Jones Girls, Dee Dee Sharp-Gamble recordings, I think you'll be very happy with Ms. Wright.  Her vocals are strong and sure and the production is excellent.  Great listening.
I like the album, but I wish the recordings were a little clearer. That being said, this is probably the height of quality given the time of recording.
A reasonably good compilation from a performer who I enjoyed in my youth.  Along  with Jimmy Smith, Dave &#34;Baby&#34; Cortez was one of my first introductions to the music of the organ, which was more exciting than the classical organ music and religious organ music that I had heard up until then and which turned me off.  Like most rock music from the period, it is more a collector's item than a classical must have part of a rock 'n roll collection; but - in my opinion - well worth having.
This song is one of my old school favorites! I love this version... her voiceis stunning...great collaboration, muscianship and arrangements.
This cat is a thrown down blues boogie man, always entertaining live and this record captures that feel inside a studio setting. Opening with "Blues Booty" this track sets the stage for a good ol' time. This feel continues thru the release featuring "Stimulus Man" a very smart twist on the old theme of double entrandre' set in a fabulous current theme. Not just a one-trick pony, Vasti can melt your heart with such slow tempo blues burners such as "I'll Dry Your Tears" and "No Pay Day" which captures the current work and economic situation.Vasti always has his hand on the pulse of real music for real people and you should check this cat out.While not seeing everything in the Blues we see a lot of what's good and current at blues411.com, see ya there.
If you like your blues outside of the 12 bar and 3 cord structure, on the R&B side with a healthy dose of horns and all original songs, this is the album, If you are not familiar with Vasti, do your research for Vasti and you'll discover he is a real gem ... way under-appreciated.
So heartfelt... that's the first thing I thought while listening.  You can tell these guys have such a heart for God!  I love "Patiently" and "Joubert's song," and "Made a Way" sounds very upbeat (so catchy and fun!).  Is this a debut?  Great debut!
Laure Milan can just flat out sing. No gimmicks here nor needed. She loves to sing and it comes through BIG TIME. Whether she's singing in English or French (she is French), it's just good music. Truly Refeshing!!!
This has the potential to be a good LP. Although, I really want to hear more songs. Half of the tracks aren't full songs.....Dang!..son what are you doing?
Frank is a musician's musician. He plays so well and sings like a bird. I do prefer DH over him but he is still such a joy to follow. He is what I call true modern soul and jazz. I have enjoyed everything I ever heard from him. Just cannot believe majors can't figure him out. Anyway, he has fans earned the old fashioned way.
Last Man Standing is definitely one of those albums you can out in and press "Play".STAND OUT tracks are: Prettiest GirlFlyMore than the WorldRepeatThose tracks will indeed be on REPEAT in my car. Fa'Darryl has a great voice, and the way she sings over those R&B; beats makes for a pleasing listening experience. GET your copy of this CD now!
Gladys Knight returns and demonstrates she has not lost a single step with "Settle"--a slickly produced, R&B number with a gospel message.  It's been a while since Knight gave us anything that makes you want to dance, but this one does the trick.  Her vocals are as rich as ever as she engages in some joyful call-and-response with choir-like background singers.
What a throwback! Clairy Browne and the Bangin Rackettes are a great sounding band. They have a little blues and a lot doowop. If you like songs with a strong rhythm, this should hit the spot. I love to dance and this album has several tracks on it that I've put on my dance and even yoga playlists.
Refreshing and energetic new twist on old blues/jazz/rock-n-roll.  Clairy Browne & the Bangin' Rackettes know how to make music worth listening to time and time again.
If you are tired of all the horrible new music coming out by all the uninspiring artists, then listen to this! It reminds me of the old soulful music of the late 50s & 60s. Lead vocals are amazing! Her back-up singers are fabulous! Can't wait for more from them.
Good sound on these available-everywhere-but-my-kitchen- sink tracks.READY = READY TEDDY, 1956KEEP KNOCKIN' BUT YOU CAN'T COME IN = KEEP KNOCKIN' = KEEP A-KNOCKIN', 1964 recutBack catalogue fellers: can you find a public domain list somewhere, with just ONE, just ONE uncommon Richard track?The "jacket" photo appears to be scanned from an insert in a Religious/Inspirational book that gives away at concerts.
saw her in the movie tou and mai and i became a fan.  she had a great voice yet i wish she had more hmong songs
Awesome artistry. Would buy anything that Mali comes out with. Can't wait to hear his next offering sure it will be a banger.
I LOVE THIS SONG - A feel good record where everybody have fun and do a group slide or just by yourself.
Just stumbled onto Mr. Geston's 2011 release, and man did I fall into a great place. He has the style and sound that my ears have been longing to hear. Smooth sound. And catchy, meaningful lyrics well delivered. I previewed it, and purchased his cd right away. I suggest that you do too! He'll definitely get airplay on my radio show.
Jackie the eldest of the Jackson brothers debuted with this album in 1973 at the height of the Jackson 5 era. The album consist of ten tracks mostly produced and written by the Motown hit making team The Corporation. Jackie's voice,trained under the Joe Jackson school of efficiency is more liken to a young 60's era Marvin Gaye as he gracefully follows thru with a stylish approach on all the well written tracks on this album. A little nostalgia is viewed within the album's liner sleeve where various fan items(photo's,cards etc..) are offered for mail order sale 70's style.Produced by the Corporation and executive produced by Motown boss Berry Gordy,this album emits  all the professional flair of the very successful Motown industry of the early 70's,great sound production combined with songwriting,great album cover photography and ideal marketing(although this album wasn't a smash hit I'm pretty sure many 1970's High School&College age girls around the country might still have a copy somewhere?),.This album also has the distinction of being one of the 1st albums produced for the new Hollywood Motown Records&Films upon leaving the original MotorCity,Detroit. A rare Soul gem.
Ever since I was young I've always instantly known when I loved, I mean genuinely loved a song, I get goosebumps and I smile.  This little combo has saved me from a lot of bad stuff but its also put me onto some amazing music and King is no different.  As soon as I heard "The Story" I got goosebumps and a huge smile crept across my face.  By the time I heard "Supernatural" and "Hey" I was trying to figure out how to thank the lovely ladies of King for making such beautiful music.  It really is beautiful music.  It's such a shame how starved we are for music of such talent, color and caliber.  Thanks King for being your majestic melodic selves and keep up the great work.  You're my new music crush.
I Love the tranquility of the music and vocals. . .Im a lover of all genres of music with a strong artistic foundation you can always tell artist that are raw in their vision and not yet tanted by the pressures of maintream. . .Look Forward to hearing more
I was introduced to these ladies through Robert Glasper on his Black Radio album (their collaboration is out now, in case you're wondering how I got that before the album came out!).I didn't pay them much attention, but I will say that track, Move Love, got me interested into Robert Glasper and his trio and the Robert Glasper Experiment as well. I never paid attention to the lovely voices on the track, but today I found out who those voices belonged to as I flipped through a free preview of Black Radio on NPR.Long story short, I (re)discovered KING, found out they are *brand new* group and stumbled upon their EP via soundcloud.One song later, I had a gut feeling that I had to add this group into my collection.After viewing their soundcloud showcase, I was right...and I quickly bought their EP, at a low $3, even for 3 songs, considering the creative and inspirational value - this price is a steal!I'm glad to finally discover the identity of these three ladies who led me to discover not one but many talented artists through their voices (and the production by them work is just as great!).It's good to see them being shared in the public, the popular crowd (or at least semi-underground if you will) where other people who I personally cannot see as artists somehow attract a massive fanbase with quick, put-together tracks with little substance.Enjoy this EP and join the line who are waiting to see what the future holds in store for the group with a fitting name, KING.EDIT: It's been a while since I made this review and I STILL play these 3 tracks over and over. I noticed I gave these women 4 stars, and for those who wonder why, it's probably because I want more tracks!
For some reason, Hank Ballard and the Midnighters have never received the recognition they were due.  Many of their songs in the earliest days of rock 'n' roll were off color and were covered by white artists in cleaned up versions, and later on they had many hits including "Finger Poppin' Time", "Deep Blue Sea", Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go".  If you like Hank Ballard, this is a good set and representative of his best efforts.Ballard recorded "The Twist" long before Chubby Checker.  Ballard wrote "The Twist" and released it in 1959.  It went nowhere, but Checker covered it sounding very much like Hank Ballard.  Checker hit with "The Twist in 1960.  In my opinion Ballard got robbed, and I think he probably felt the same.  People sometimes think white artists robbed black artists when covering their songs.  That is debatable, but here is an example of a black artist covering a black artist's work.
Popular Oldies by the original singers/ great fun.Just in time because my 45's were wearing out, I'd love to try Vol.1.
You'd be hard pressed to notice the difference on some of them, but Bobby V singing "Everybody" in place of Buddy Holly is a dead give away.  Having said that I do really like the album.
I accidentally downloaded this instead of Tamar Braxton, but was not disappointed. I don't know this artist at all, but very, VERY good music.
Nicole voice is amazing.. She is so underrated..  I enjoyed the album and I was a bit skeptical about buying it but it was worth it
Old songs that I haven't heard in a long time.  Good quality music.  I found this CD while searching for the Lamplighter song.
I was really enjoying the simplicity in the style and delivery until interrupted by the rap. This is one of those cases where it didn't enhance or compliment the artist at all, but actually hurt the mood of the song.  Took off one star because the rest of the song is superb...It'll be fantastic if he releases a no-rap version in the near future.
I'd been looking for the title song, "Flickorna I Smaland," since seeing the movieKitchen Storiesthat featured it. I had no idea it was recorded by a USA group. Such a catchy tune! No, I don't speak Swedish.Finally it appeared on amazon's MP3 downloads so I had to get it. What a weird album. All catchy tunes to one degree or another, but the highlight (or lowlight) has to be the cha-cha version of "Dem Bones." Bizarre! The original version of that song (a classic!) is also on the album. The cha-cha version . . . who thinks these things up??
With all of the singing competitions on TV right now trying to create artists out of people who like to sing, it amazes me there are voices like Eugene Wilde who go unheard by the masses. "The Voice" & "American Idol" haven't and probably won't ever find a voice like this, who can write there own heartfelt songs and sing them with perfect pitch...imho.I only give this album 4 stars because the production could be better, but Eugene gets 5 stars.
The music is great, but the sound quality of a few of the tracks is pretty poor.  Still probably worth the download.
I purchased Lee Fields new cd Treacherous and I Love It!!!He does all types of music on this album including soul, funk, retro soul and a little reggae as well. That's what make Lee Fields music great, its his ability to be versatile with that powerful and soulful voice.
i forgot how I came across this but anyway this was a dope purchase &#34;ishe&#34; is sexy as all get out and can  sang and Hezekiah make dope beats together they are a very dynamic duo..
This is Buddy all right. The two most interesting songs for me are CHANGES, and YOU'VE CHANGED. They are, of course, different versions, but yet- familiar. Not as &#34;far out&#34; as &#34;Food for the I&#34;.
I really really  like this song.  This young lady is talented and I can't wait to hear more from her.  I hope an album is on the way.
I purchased this only for the "4Evermore" songe with Algebra.  Her voice is just so outstanding, she sings the heck out of any song.
I like the message on this song as &#34;Motivation is the path I choose&#34; is a path I wish more people would walk. Even so, I felt like this song could have done more to build up its motivational message. It was just too repetitive for its own good. However, the refrain will be stuck in my head for days.I also liked the laid back pace of this song.It kind of reminded me of some early 90's Snoop not only it is rhythm, but in the synth tones running in the background.Overall, it was a pretty good song. I need to track down the original as I've only heard this remix.
If you like motown, this is a must have. You can hear the genius that will become many motown hits, and you can't deny the talent. You will also want to dance to these tunes - serious groove! My only complaint is that the songs are thrown together haphazardly - it jerks between tracks like a CD you burned yourself. I burned a copy for the car that skips a few of the shortest tracks (really just 30 second sound bites) and like it much better.
After a fight my bf sent magic moment to me.Asked me to listen to the entire cd.And of course love is strong.
Christon Gray is my favorite male singer so it's nice to hear this kind of chill, smooth gospel kind of music from him! Esp love the way he does Mender of Broken Hearts! And Isle of You is an awesome love song! :)
Even with Evil with me is a very powerful song and the album all together is a very good Christain R&B album.
I like to call this genre of music "Neo Psalms."  It has a very soulful sound, Christon's voice is great and the lyrics are uplifting. You can either groove in your car with this CD or you can get into worship.  You won't be disappointed.
This CD was a breath of fresh air!  The lyrics to each song was audible and they had meaning behind them.  I highly recommend to download this entire cd on your MP3 or simply purchase the cd.
Found her on satellite radio & had to have more.Awesome voice & the CDs great through & through.This won't dissappoint!!
Deborah Bond is a woman that has a great instrument her vocal. Take notice of this talent and discover what I and others have a voice that not heard simply because she not heard on mainstream radio. Good easy listening music.
what can i say compared to today's so called "music" this single reminds me of that old school sound that has that 70's vibe that's easy to groove too and reminisent of a young mj love to hear more gonna promote the hell out of it online and through email blast jackson family does it again
Ronnie still shows she has the pipes! Hope this makes a CD showing ,perhaps a complete album---CANNOT get MP3 download from Amazon (I live in Canada ,no MP3 download available)-----Thanks Ronnie , we still love you !!!!!!!!
When Garry &#34;Starrchild&#34; Shider adds his powerful vocals & rhythm guitar to Funkscribe's sizzling synth bass grooves & spacey keys, the result is uncompromising Funk! &#34;Caramel Queen&#34; brown skin tastes like cinnamon is my favorite track cuz it truly has that P-Funk sound I love so much! Starrchild's organic style pervades &#34;Booty for Days&#34; & Funkscribe's piano punches will have u  checking out a badonkadonk! &#34;I remember fifty thousand people standing strong&#34; proclaims Starrchild & I don't doubt it for a minute as he sings &#34;I Remember&#34; which has a Bootsy style bassline & a bevy of horns blasting! Bernie Worrell even shows up for this attack on your earholes! Be prepared for battle cuz this is Funk on the Frontlines!
Well done guys, i love track number1, forever, and many more but those two are my favorites. Try them i am sure you will love.
For adults in love who want to listen to some nice and soft love making music then this song has it; and you cannot help but love the addition of Charlie Wilson to take it to that next level. Nothing else needs to be said other than this song is definitely worth buying.
The album clearly communicates love moods with wholesome feelings unlike todays generation.  People can build lasting reinforcing lasting relationship.  Baby making music!
Everyone knows the original album now just imagine all the beats performed live.  Simply a master piece.  Cant give it a 5 only because the original came out in 1993.
I liked this album as well as his other two ( Back on the Grind and Just Kickin' It). You don't hear this style of music any more although he has a different style and flavor to his music. It's the type of music you would like to listen to after a hard day of work or just relaxing with a nice glass of wine. He has great potentials, can't wait to hear  what he has in store for his next album. Great piece of music.
I'm a gospel DJ for myNewLifeMusic.com and everytime I play Deborah's song called Soveriegn King, people want to know who she is!  It's a hit in St Louis! ~DJ G, NewLifeMusicNetwork.nign.com
Was in my brother's car when CD was playing, and ask who it was...He express that it was a local group from the Cleveland Cty., NC area...Indeed a blessing to hear new sounds of "Male Quartet Gospel" from this CD that was playing..."The Ponder's" definitely has there own sound...Keep the blessings coming...
The album was everything I expected it to be. A fine effort by the group from Rhode Island. Moving the mp3 purchase to my Windows Media Player proved to be tedius, cumbersome and quite difficult. Under an older version of the mp3 purchase system it took but one click to set up an automatic move from the cloud to my player. Not anymore, and it took an Amazon employee almost an hour to help me move the album. The help desk employee spoke broken unintelligible english making the process difficult at best. Until the system is made easier for me to use I won't be buying anymore music via the mp3 route from Amazon. Perhaps Amazon ought to consider staffing their help desk with people who speak the same dialect of english as I do. Hey, here's an idea - hire Americans!
I first met Dave at the 2011 Blues Music Awards in Memphis, a gentle spoken unassuming young man who is one hell of an R&B; Blues-man around today. To quote Mr. Mose Allison 'white boy sings the blues' - it isn't just that -  it's way better than that. So here's this guy who is up in Montpelier, VT., yeh the Blues Capital of...As the first strains of 'More Than I Can Stand'  hits our unexpected ears, we are thrust into a swirling world of horns, lap steel & percussion that makes one want to jump up and dance. It's like a Stax/Volt party for a new generation.  We get a little feel of Jackson Five on 'If I Ever Get You Back' with ringing guitar and a percussion of horns that creates a wall of funk about 6 inches deep.Mr. Keller is back by The Revelations an R&B; band that usually backs up soul singer Tre' Williams. It is Mr. Williams who shares vocals on 'The Things We have To Do' a soulful countdown of the these things we have to do in life. Both reaffirming and inspirational this cut reminds me of some of the old school duets from the late seventies that featured black and white soul singers working together.Mr. Keller's voice has a depth and soul to it that has to make him one of the most talented unsigned artists around. His guitar playing has the edge and grit to it that fits right in with the sound and landscape. His version of 'Pouring Water On A Drowning Man' recalls an early Van Morrison meets Otis Redding. Through out this release The Revelations along with a cast of horn players provide ample room for Mr. Keller to work his blue-eyed soul and address is funkiness at all the right levels, good job !With 'Where I'm Coming From' we are treated to the sound of Motown/Memphis soul stew and so tasty., folks  If you cut your R&B; teeth with these sounds you will slip this release on like a comfy pair of Cons, and sit back in your Member's Only jacket, and open up that 40 oz bottle of Olde English 8oo and  get the party started.Now wait,  if you didn't grow up with that sound, don't be dismayed or turned off here. These are not re-treads like K-Tel, but an artist with a deep love of and respect of this music taking it to the the next level, contemporizing it, yet paying serious homage to the roots and those who came before. This is a communal form of music, danceable, movin' to the groove and shake your hips and roll your ackie-dackie.For more exciting reviews and interviews check us out at blues411.com
THIS IS A GOOD CD I WOULD TO HAVE ALL OF HIS CD I HAVE SOME OF THEM SO IF YOU LIKE BLUES THIS IS A GOOD ONE
Releasing his 5th solo project Omar Cunningham is back with "Growing Pains"I want to personally thank Donnie King for introducing me to "Southern Soul Music" back when I was a DJ.Omar Cunningham was one of the first artists he introduced me to back when Omar had his first project called "Hell At The House" since then I've always kept up with Omar Cunningham because I like his style & flavor which is a smooth blend of Old School, R&B; & Blues but yet groovable & funky. What is "Southern Soul Music" you may ask? Just take a listen to "Growing Pains" and it will definitely answer your question.Omar sets it off with the first song "Let Me See Your Shake Your Jelly" which is an instant dance floor track and it continues with "Good Woman", "What You Want With My Moma" (My favorite), "Do Right", "Mr. Lowdown" and the stepper gospel-laced track "Gotta Keep (Do You Know Him?").The slow grooves are just as good with "Here I Am, If We Can't Get Along & That's A Lie and for the real blues lovers check out "I'm your Maintenance Man"I love almost every song on the disc and if you like what I call "Grown Folks Music" I'm sure you will also.4 1/2 Stars
This is the third Soul Cycle album that I have and I think it's the best one. From Basement Jam to Natural Light, Homebrew album is a really nice trip into all variations of jazz and soul. My fav is definitely 95 South, it brings sunshine to my days!
Awesome arrangements. Awesome musicianship from all involved. An all-around good album. Truly worth every dollar. Great for chillin in your house, driving in your car, sitting on the train, working out at the gym, sitting at your desk at work...wherever!A nice blend of instrumentals and vocal tracks.My favorite track so far is "a new beginning".ALSO - although i don't particularly care for the song in general, i must say that Jesse's take on "imagine" was phenomenal.
I read about Kenya and Nemor at Soultracks (review at [...])and decided to give them a listen. Nice modern take on old school R&B. Recommended.
great album
For a first Album by my friend Kenny I like it.Funk has long disppeared but we need it back .Don't let it
Masterful pedal steel from the sacred steel master Robert Randoph. Searing pedal steel backed by his cousins on bass and drums, a must have for blues lovers.
I used to listen to Mary Wells, when I was younger. Not so much now. Got this, because it has alot of her songs you do not find on your typical Mary Wells albums. I only gave it four stars though, because some of her same old hits are on this album. Still a pretty fare deal, for the price.
Prince's bassist, Ida Nielsen, sure knows her way around the funk.  If it's funk you want, you won't be disappointed!
Prince sure is an interesting bird. First he REVOLUTIONizes (pardon the pun) the Internet by launching the NPG Music Club and releasing a series of decent albums exclusively to his core audience. Then, he cries about lost revenues to piracy, but gives his stellar 20Ten album away for free to European newspapers - all but forcing fans to find less than honorable ways of getting it (I splurged for a CD at auction). His latest announcements were "The Internet Dead" and "I am retiring from making new music." So what does he do? He releases a new song, exclusively on the Internet.Well, at least he keep us on our toes.So, is this one worth your buck? Heck yes. This track was originally demoed in the 1999 sessions back in 1982 (eye no that sounds crazy, but its true). At the time the original Extra Loveable may or may not have been a 7-minute mad funk opus (the version I heard had some splices in it). Just like he did with Dream Factory (and/or Crystal Ball) outtake "In A Large Room With No Light" a few years ago, this version is crisp, fresh ear candy. On the downside, it has all the edge sanded off. On the plus side, there is no cassette hiss from years and years of online trading and circulation. The lyrics have been freshened and the latest in a long line of "why bother learning their names Prince ladies" makes an appearance with a rap. Thankfully, unlike Prince's 90's attempt to incorporate guest rappers, this one sounds pretty good.This track would have sounded fine on any of his past three albums: 20Ten, MPLSound or LotusFlower - while none of those albums match the highs of Prince's genius era (1999 thru Sign o The Times + Crystal Ball), they do near the greatness of his second "great era" (Lovesexy - The Gold Experience; the first, of course, being For You through Dirty Mind).So in a nutshell - if you're a core fan - buy this ASAP. If you're simply a fan of fresh pop and funk - give it a go as well. If you're new to Prince, don't start here - start with the genius era and work your way through one of the most incredible catalogs in all of music.
Most hardcore Prince fans will known that this "new" track EXTRALOVEABLE is actually a slowed down, slicked-up version of his "1999"-era 1982 session original demo of the same name.The pro?  It's nice to see Prince polish this "lost" nugget and make it "officially" commercially available after all these years.  The "I Wanna Be Your Lover"-cum-Zapp synth line is tasty, even if the female rap is gilding the lily.  Still, "new" Prince is better than no Prince at all.The con?  Prince has sucked 90% of the original demo's energy - by slowing down the groove and smoothing away the rough edges - and re-recording a more mellow vocal, he provides a more mainstream, "palatable" track while sacrificing the original's sass, energy, and dangerous edge, including the somewhat non-PC, rape-centric lyrics that appeared in the '82 version.Verdict: If you're a Prince fan, you still need this.
Out of the blue and with zero hype, Prince released this over Thanksgiving week. I certainly wasn't aware of it until yesterday. Despite no advertisement or pre-release notice, it's actually been a hit at digital stores. Currently as I'm writing this, it's #2 on the iTunes R&B; chart, and #111 on the iTunes Top 200. Not bad!My first impression of the song itself, this was yet another one of Prince's technically fine, if forgettable R&B;  tracks with a slicked-up production. You know, the sort he can produce in his sleep, which unfortunately he's done too many times in the past. But digesting this more, it plays better now as a solid R&B; track. Mr. P has done much better, but he's a whole lot worse than "Extralovable."(The original outtake from the 1999 sessions is still superior, but I'm generally biased towards that period.)
I didn't know she had an album out until I found it looking for someone else's cd. I listened to the samples on amazon and I CAN DIG IT!! The first couple of tracks has the new pop sound to it which works for her. Then she has some nice slow songs. I don't know why any of these songs aren't getting any radio play..at least I don't hear it on St. Louis' radio. This cd is def getting added to my cd rotation in the car!
Granted, when she first came out in the 90s, competition was stacked, but even now, I don't get it. Mya has a nice voice and she's definitely one of the better dancers out there. I bought this album on a whim about a month ago. Had no idea that it was out. I listened to it on the train on my way to work and played the album at least two more times that day. I love the R&B;/Dancehall/Pop mix here. 'Take Him Out" is a great anthem-like song w/o being over-the-top. I love the beat. The duet with Marques Houston takes me back to my childhood/pre-teen years, but they sound good together. I would say that I like 90% of the album.Artists like Mya, Monica, Brandy...whenever I hear them now, I am in awe of how they don't have bigger careers over clearly less talented (or untalented) artists.
This release is unavailable in the US on CD, unfortunately.  I purchased the MP3 download, but I still buy CDs to rip lossless.  I ordered this release on CD from Japan.  The Japanese CD actually excludes seven tracks availble on MP3.  Also, the CD contains four tracks not available on the download.  You get more music with the MP3 download, but you will be missing four songs from the CD.  I have both, so I'm good :-)
I was hesitant to purchase this album, but i wanted another female artist to add on to my iPod. I had loved Mya growing up, and had no idea that she even had a new album out. Anyways, i purchased this album, and to me its not bad. I did like it, however to me it sounded a bit young for my taste. She did have a few songs that i liked. My daughters loved it, and it was alright. It's still in rotation on my iPod.
Decided to download her album when I saw her perform at Pride in minneapolis. Had no idea she was even still making music. Her songs on this cd are fun and catchy. My favorite is 'Fugitive of Love" (8), "Problem & Solution" (12) and "Rearview Mirror"(2). There's a reminiscent of the early 90's song that could have easily been performed by J J Fad, "Somebody Come Get This Bitch"(16), but its funny and cute. And "Earthquake" (5) featuring Trina was slightly weak. It would have more popular in the early 00' when those type of songs were still popular. Overall it was a good mixture of R&B and pop. I liked it :)
I didn't even know she still made music.  I streamed it on Zune music pass and this is really a pretty nice release.  I hope people give it a chance or a listen on one of the streaming music sites, I think u may be pleasantly surprised.
This CD serves rockin' Blues and R&B. The dance groove is unmistakable and the snarling saxophone plays an important part.  Back-up vocals polish things up and provide some nice finishing touches. The stars of Gene&#8217;s Bar in Pittsburgh were Gary Belloma and The Blue Bombers who were the regular Saturday night house band at Gene's Blues Bar for ten years.  It's not difficult to see how this band could please a crowd. Since its cracking debut in 1986, the band's been laying down a unique blend of blues and R&B for almost a quarter century.  If you like to get off your chair and move, this is the disc for you.  It's simply a blast, all the way down the line.
Article first published as Music Review: Frank Gomez - Soul Resurrection on Blogcritics:Texas bluesman "Big Frank" Gomez has known heartache, trouble and a million tears in life, but he can also see a better day. While working on his current album in late 2009 (following the successful release of his band's 2007 debut project, "Under the Influence") , Gomez had to face the untimely and tragic death of his only daughter. However, the talented musician with over four decades of experience found the fortitude to deal with those "many moments that we don't want to talk about."  Finding new direction, renewal and not living life about what happened yesterday is the theme for his 2011 release, "Soul Resurrection" that demonstrates the exuberant power of Frank Gomez. From start to finish, Gomez presents assertive blues guitar lines on his red Gibson ES-335, and his sterling vocal delivery shows that he's equally conversant with blues, funk and soul idioms.As a purveyor of contemporary electric Texas blues, Gomez displays the needed musical diversity to make this nearly all-original set work. He has an innate ability to present various elements of his of musical personality and personal influences, while still soaring to new heights with a sense of discovery. Opening with "Since You've Been Gone," Frank's resonating guitar style is reminiscent of Albert Collins.  "Gift from Heaven" is a smooth instrumental, but the song's genesis includes some occasional raucous electric guitar interludes that caused me a little angst. In retro fashion, "Our Eyes Never Meet" has Gomez's soulful voice channeling someone like the 1960s great O.V. Wright, and the horn section accompaniment is pleasant. "Bumpin' and Thumpin'" has a soft rock blues sound that seems to indicate a Steve Miller Band influence in Frank's past.  "When I Wake Up in the Morning" should be a favorite among baby boomer soul fans (like me), and it might show inspiration from groups like The Fabulous Thunderbirds or Roomful of Blues. Frank's arrangement of the one cover on the album, "Gimme Little Sign," stays fairly close to that of the classic Brenton Wood soul hit from 1967. It's always been a favorite song as a pick-me-up: "And when I'm feeling down, wearing a frown. You be there when I look around."The Frank Gomez Band includes nine accomplished players on guitar, bass, drums, percussion, keyboards, piano, sax, trumpet and background vocals. Four additional guests also contribute on some of these same instruments. "Back Door Woman" has delightful soul funk touches, but would the song have been enhanced with a small horn section?  Some other cuts have saxophone and trumpet in the mix, but they're rather understated. And reminding me of the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, could "Mr. Right Now" have been embellished with some wailing blues harp as Gomez picks like guitarist Mike Bloomfield? I guess it's all a matter of opinion, and musicians do have to resist the temptation to over-arrange and over-produce their music. Frank's lead guitar work and vocalizing are sturdy, always front-and-center. The accompanists all play with confidence and drive too. Gomez closes the album with a genuinely smokin' "Funky Beat." His music covers a broad emotional range from somber to lilting to lively. The wide sonic palette infused with blues, rock and R&B; styles results in a wholly contemporary Texas blues amalgam of its own.  (Joe Ross, Roseburg, OR.)
I love the album this lady has a lot of talent. I wish that she would have been publicized more. This album puts together hip-hop and R&B.
This song is slow and sexy. I gently tap my fingers and nod my head while Mya delicately croons her love for her "Mr. Incredible". She proudly tells everyone that her Mr. Incredible doesn't have to be perfect for everyone to accept him. As long as he continues to love and please her, that's all that matters. Ladies, if you're in a relationship and others are questioning why you're with him, play this song for those haters (and tell them to get their own man--lol!) so they'll know what's up! Maybe someday I'll actually be able to relate to this song. Oh my! Did I just say that? Lol!
Michael's voice is amazing. It's singular in it's delivery. But, somehow touches multiple points in me. Home Again sounds joyful, grateful, slightly sad and so soulful. It made me want to know more about the artist. I can't wait for his full album to hit! I've told at least 20 people about this song and this artist!
This CD is pretty upbeat and I would definitely purchase it for someone I know that enjoys good Jazz. This could be some good riding music, or just laid back enjoying some good wine.
I am a fan of listening to artists that are not well known yet, and I must say I am excited for the day when K.J. Scriven is well known in the industry. I just think he is unlike the gospel artists that are mainstream right now. I have been a fan since I first heard &#34;Gotta Tell You&#34; from his first album and I love this album as well. Great choice glad I bought this album.
I never heard of him and just listened to this cd for the first time and I love it!! It's very nice and relaxing.
How'd I miss this one.  Just happened to be searching for some sweet sounding sax and found just the thing! Hard to pick a favorite but if I was forced to do so...Is It A Crime?! The sound is so crisp and clear just perfect for a special evening!
There are a handful of gems on this album but also some random filler. How many times do we need to hear answering machine/voicemail messages as a track? There is also the random movie quote that many musicians feel are essential.Besides that, his tracks are full and emotional and beats that make me move. My favorites: Alone, Girl I Used to Know, Something, Love & Pain. I saw them live twice this year, in DC and in Philly and the live shows have a more hard rock and jam band quality. JMSN hung out by the merch table and signed autographs and talked to fans for hours. Super nice group of guys.
I like the style of this album very much. It remind's me of POE's first album, but it is different enough to stand on it's own.
If you are a Eric Roberson fan and have bought all of his other CDs. This purchase is a waste. But if you just want to introduce Eric Roberson to someone new. It's not a bad buy. I was just so excited to see a title I never seen. So I bought it without reviewing it. Oh well my fault. But now I can still say I have everything that Eric Roberson has released.
This disc didn't hit me like MR. NICE GUY, but it still had enough to keep me interested for 3 spins around the player.  This guy is mucho talented and his lyrics are so romantic, it keeps the mood going.  Dude is definitely about his musical business and I enjoyed it a lot.  THANKS ERIC!!
For a young, new, gospel indie artist this song is lyrically awesome and very encouraging. Its a mellow tune reminding me that my money will leave me, my friends may leave me, my 'things' will eventually go, but God never leaves for forsakes so i should, will and do continually trust Him.
Just wanted some historic music. And Chess is very historic. My parents and older family members talked about Little Walter.
If you like Oldies/Doo-Wop music, these songs in the form of MP3s for download are definitely for you! I love these tunes.  You can have a lot of fun dancing to this music even today; and the quality of the sound is very good. I think one or two of these MP3s might not be the original recordings of these tunes (for which I took off one star to make this a four star review); if that bothers you, continue looking elsewhere for the songs.The Coasters' "Searchin'" starts the track set off well and I like it even though I wonder if this is the original recording. They also do "Yakety Yak;" this does sound like the original recording in excellent sound. Bobby Day's "Rock-in Robin" is a great tune I always enjoy; and listen for The Rays to do a sublime job on "Silhouettes." The Bobbettes do "Mr. Lee" really well; this is a fun little number that is full of positive, upbeat vitality.Ivory Joe Hunter's "Since I Met You Baby" is very well done; he sings this straight from the heart with a lot of passion and that's grand. Bobby Darin's "Queen of the Hop" shines as Bobby infuses this with lots of energy and Chuck Willis' "What Am I Living For" is most poignant. The Coasters return to do "Young Blood" and the last track is by The Chantels, "Maybe." "Maybe" is beautifully performed; it proves that The Chantels had a lot of talent.Overall, this is a solid set of tracks from an era when Cadillacs had fins, milk came in bottles and phones had dials--in other words, the good old days! There's another volume of "Oldies/Doo-Wops" as well as similar CDs and collections of tracks; get the rest of them when you can! I highly recommend this for fans of this style of music.
Great album, one of my prideful though sinful (due to amazon) finds on Ramazon (ha ha).  Anyways, the Good Sin is not only introspective but also creative Hip Hop.  It is too bad that the airwaves are congested with utter crap, that all looks and smells the same
Loved the cover of the album. Also felt the songs held a lot of emotion and many told a story. Lots of mixing of styles. Overall I'd give this album an "A" !
I like this song. I wish it had more lyrics to explaining why he needs to worship. Either way its a great start to get young people moving for God.
We buy these every year and always enjoy them.  A wonderful way to showcase very talented college students. I look for what schools are featured as I know many students in a cappella groups
I saw Lalana at Joe's Pub on Valentine's Day with 8 of 9 friends, we all loved her. We had such a great time too. She's a fantastic singer, effective vocal teacher and gracious human being and she gives great show. Give her some ear time people!
I also loved to listen to this cd it was nice and very sweet, I played it for my kids party they all sang
good music...
Toni braxton with a full blown dance/techno song is actually very good. I enjoyed this song even though i am not into that type of genre. the beats are active and very dance and not her typical ballad or pop. over all its a great song.
this song marks Toni Braxton's reappearance on the music charts since her 2010 album, Pulse. this song has reached number one on the Billboard dance charts but failed to chart on the Hot 100. this song plays it safe. it has the all so familiar dance tune as with most songs right now. the start of the songs features Toni's vocals over a set of piano (i think it is a piano haha) but her voice almost sounds strained. but it is still nice. the chorus has a nice catch to it, making it easy to remember and in the middle of the song, the album features a bit of techno music. however, ONLY in the middle of the song. unlike songs like Starships (Nicki Minaj), Pound The Alarm (Nicki Minaj), Lolita (The Veronicas) which has these techo/dance beats after each chorus. I Heart You is completely different from Toni's past efforts. it is no Unbreak My Heart or Yesterday. i think Toni played it safe with this song (by using dance beats) because she wants to be back on top. i would much rather her new songs/album be similar to her debut release and Secrets, which honestly, imo, was Toni at her best. this song, nonetheless, is enjoyable
Lovin This CD! Sir Jonathan Burton has a great sound with a lot of energy. Nice guy to I met him at a show in MS.
I had originally planned to just buy the single "My Eyes" but the samples pulled me in.  Everyone that I share the album with are equally impressed with it.
I couldn't wait to get this CD because I wanted to hear what it was about. It is very soothing and a good CD to put in when your with someone special. I did think it was pretty long and some songs repeated and I thought it had started over again. I brought a copy for a friend because when they heard it they really liked it also.
Did you like "Deeper"? Well then you are going to love this CD. When I first heard Belasco I thought it was a Marvin Gaye that I did not know. Rather it was a white singer! Prejudiced? Well just close your eyes because your mind will see a singer of a different color. Nonetheless, Belasco may well be the most satisfying soul singer out there. Just like Deeper, every song knocks it out of the park. And you certainly get your money's worth with 14 tracks. The only reason for 4 stars is that most of the tracks are in the same groove. But if you are this good at this one thing, then why change? Highly recommended.
A smooth album to play from start to finish even if it is somewhat one dimensional at least its a great dimension.
This is Southern Soul at it's best. Mel Waiters, and the rest put it down in the Juke Joint.  I put this one on in the car and just ride it out. Beware if you ain't ready to party don't buy this one.
I stumble upon Dorothy Moore to find more underrated Blues singers who need to be heard compare to the terrible radio of today and she's not bad at all. I can comprehend with her lyrics cause hell, I been through some relationship problems myself to find happiness in the end.Keep on rocking Dorothy!
Music goes thru it's transitions and interpretations but it is really refreshing when you hear music that not only makes you feel good but inspires.Alot of what is out here today lacks inspiration. All music has it's phases , what will never go out of style is music that transcends time goes for heart.That is SOUL Musik, that is what this songtress  (Vula)and musician (Ben) music reflects is Heart & soul.Soul satisfying, Check dem out!
ITS A GREAT CD TO LISTEN TO AND IF I WAS ONE TO DOWNLOAD IT WOULD BE IN MY CAR BLASTING EVERY MORNING.  ITS GREAT UPBEAT MUSIC.
This is true R&B.  Eddie's voice is as soulful as ever.  If you need something to add to your mix, this is definitely the cd to put in rotation.
Hello, I had bought this CD as a gift to my father, who loves the O'Jays and after watching a documentary on TV1 or Centric, he said he had to have the CD, which he loves and plays often, so I think its a great product, but I'd get it at a lower price.
I really liked this CD! It took me back to another place and time when I use to Groove to the O Jays. Yea, Eddie still has it. Buy it you will like it.
Great album, he's local in the town where I live.  His mother is my nail tech.  Would recommend to buy, you would not be disappointed.Would recommend to buy, you would not be disappointed.
I like it she almost reminds me of Brandy. I'm glad dirty money is over and she is doing her thing.
HER MUSIC IS SMOOTH  AND FRESH LIKE A COOL BREEZE ON YOUR FACE. LAY BACK MUSIC REMIND ME OF LALAH HATHAWAYOut of Obscurity, Pt. 1: From the Darkness...
The track was good and the lyrics were nice.  It has made it into one of my playlists.  Very poetic interpretations.
I discovered this release in a bin of Cd's at a radio station where I do some work and gave it a listen, I then sought out a copy for myself. Being a long time blues fan I can say I was intrigued by the cover, listing Cassie Taylor, Hubert Sumlin, Pinetop Perkins and others along with a dedication to Sumlin and Perkins on the front as well. I know that these types of recordings; bringing together older legends and younger blues 'upstarts' can be a mixed bag, but this one seems to work on most levels. With the core band comprising Tim Tucker and Hubert Sumlin - Guitars, Doug Lynn - Harmonica, Aynsley Dunbar - Drums, Pinetop Perkins - Piano and Cassie Taylor Bass and Vocals. They are augmented by Eric Giles Guitar and Vocals on one track, Larry Thompson Drums on 5 (of the 12) tracks, Hazel Miller vocals on 2 tracks and Mickey Thomas vocals 3 tracks including a duet with Cassie.All in all the production seems clean and crisp and the band works well together. However, the piano seems lost in the mix somewhere throughout most of the disc, aside from that issue I like it. It is in some ways a Cassie Taylor record with her vocals featuring on the majority of tunes here (8 of 12), and for me at least that is a good thing. I am a Cassie Taylor fan, both for her bass playing and her vocals which in the blues world might be an acquired taste. She is not grit and shout like Koko or Etta nor is she wide ranging like say Aretha or Renee Austin (does any one remember her) she is silky, sultry and a little bit child like in tone and delivery which to my ear adds to the allure and sex appeal of her singing, think Sue Foley with what I think is better tone.This is a really good record with a number of twists and turns. I should also mention that it is all covers - old school covers and though it does Rock out a bit in parts it is true blues top to bottom. the only thing that kept it from 5 stars is the fact that like I mentioned before Pinetop's piano though credited is very hard to hear at best and impossible to hear at worst, unfortunately it's more of the later throughout. Otherwise I would highly recommend this record.
This is a very solid CD, dedicated to Hubert Sumlin and Pinetop Perkins who died in 2011, and who played on all of these songs. However, the songs do not specifically spotlight Sumlineor Perkins, and on most of the numbers it is hard to hear the piano at all. That is my only quibble with the CD.Nevertheless, the CD is very enjoyable, with Cassie Taylor, Hazel Miller, Eric Cales, and Mickey Thomas doing a great job on vocals. Among the classics covered here are standout versions of "Tangoray," "I Just Want To Make Love to You," "Fine Cadillac," "Little Red Rooster," and "Honest I Do." And I prefer Hazel Miller's vocal on "Big Boss Man" to that of even the King himself, Elvis Presley.The band is tight and it does give the listener a chance to hear the great Sumlin and Perkins, even if not quite as well as one might like. For that, you will have to go to their own recordings. Nevertheless, you will definitely not be disappointed in "Bluesmasters" if you are a fan of the blues.
Really nice songwriting. Some of the performances were a little sloppy for my taste, the drums and some of the vocals in particular. The songs are memorable and are worth multiple listens. I only wish the whole record was more like the first track...
Received his CD as a gift and it was wonderfully something different. His voice is memorably good. I liked more songs on this CD than I've been getting on more well known artists. Thumbs up for Michael. I would love to hear him live.
This guy was hyped so much before the album came out that I had very high expectations. Plus, I heard his song "Tell Me a Tale" on a Mojo Magazine sampler CD and was really blown away by it. It wasn't terribly original, but the sound was a refreshing one, harkening back to those glory days of 1970s singer-songwriters. Anyway, I finally got this CD and heard ALL the songs ... and felt bit of a let down. In addition to "Tell Me a Tale" (which opens the album), there were a few other head-turning tracks, but most of the songs sounded too languid and mellow. Not much jumped out and grabbed me. After many more listenings, I've come to like the album a lot more, but I still feel it's far from a classic. But there are flashes of brilliance on here, and I'm excited about what this very young musician might have in store for us in the years ahead. A very promising debut.
His range is on display here and he is really good at many things. He has the whole package melody and lyrics.  Great freshman effort. If you get a chance go see him in concert this summer.
I saw Michael Kiwanuka perform on Jimmy Fallon, where he played Tell Me A Tale; definitely my favorite track. After listening to the snippets here, I decided everything sounded good enough to want to buy the whole album. Very different style of music than I usually listen to, but it's extremely pleasant. I wish more of the tracks were as upbeat as Tell Me a Tale; some of them are a little slow for my taste, but at the same time, the whole album presents a very nice mix.
mature, mellow interpretations; soothing, laid back, style...it grows on you with each listening. It has a likeable quality to it
Michael Kiwanuka ia a young man whose music has the ability to reach many generations of music lovers.I look forward to hearing more from him.
When you want a quiet, personal sound to your music, this is the right voice. A peaceful, lovely, authentic sound.
Slower songs are very good. Others are a great mix. Nice album but I really bought if for the quieter songs, which are great.
Micheal has a wonderful soothing voice and all of the selections on this cd were extraordinary. Would highly recommend and will follow his career in the future.
...KINDA STANDS ALONE FROM THE REST...THIS IS ONE OF THEM! Regular readers of this spot will know I can be very harse (And even sometimes cruel) when it concerns todays R&B, Soul & Deep Soul (I refuse to call it Southern Soul because this Genre of music goes far beyond the South!). With the R&B & Soul albums they've been putting out in the last 3 or 4 years it's gonna be pretty good or just damn awful! The main reason is that they are not making Songs/Music that 'Sticks' to you like: Z.Z. Hill "Down Home Blues, Willie Clayton "Three People", Mel Waiters "Got My Whiskey" just to a few. In the case of this release by Tommie Leveal, It's a pretty good album! (This is his 2nd release). There are 3 (Three) standout tracks: "Let Me Do" which is a lighter upbeat romantic take on James Brown's "I Don't Want Nobody To Give Me Nothing". One word to discribe this track...Cute! "Here We Go" is the strongest of all of the tracks with it's simple Sing-Along-Hook! This track will work for the dancers as well as the non-dancers and will work at any party and/or gathering. This track should be released as a Single (With a nice Remix and Extended Version) this will get more people interested in this cut. And the final winner is "Baby, Baby, Please". This is a real nice R&B Groover that should generate plenty of Radio Airplay. All of the tracks are Arranged by Felton Pilate who's work includes: Con Funk Shun, Jesse James, Lenny Williams, Dorothy Moore just to name a few. Background Vocals are handled by Val Kasamuri & Freddie Young who are the Rhodes-Chalmers-Rhodes of Mississippi! They're Background Vocals have been heard on countless recordings by Z.Z. Hill, Johnnie Taylor, Denise LaSalle, Dorothy Moore, Willie Clayton, Wilson Meadows just to name a few, so I don't think I need to tell you anymore about the Background Vocals??? Overall this album (And Tommie's vocals) kinda puts you in mind of a Freddie Jackson album of the early 80's. It would be nice to hear him recorded with Real Instruments as well as tackling some Re-Makes...At the rate he's going The World Will Be Listening!!!
One of Kansas City's brightest up and coming artists. Great music, great beats! Learn who Irv Da Phenom is now cause he going to blow it up
Whoever coiled the album did not do their research. "Little Red Riding Hood" is by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs, *not* The Coasters.
This is one of those cds that lets you think she has that Erykah Badu feel and I like that "keep it real young lady"
EA Floe is one of those southern rappers that you just don't see much of nowadays. His lyric and delivery is a real throwback to the golden era  before it became all about what you own and what you would do to get it or keep it, anyhow if you like good hip-hop music(yes music) cop this joint  and pick up some of his earlier stuff with the Justice League aka the HOJ.
This is what soul music should be all about, it reminds me of the 60's throwback and nice clean smiple & refreshing sound.
Very common tracks, though some in stereo (Going Home Tomorrow, Lawdy, Miss Clawdy, Belle Stars [aka Settin' the Woods on Fire], Funky Dish Rag [aka Mississippi].One gospel track from 1959, I'm trampin [actually a medley of I'm trampin' and Amazing grace].Rest 50's originals and 1976 recuts.RARITY: Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On [long version of hit single from 1964]LIVE TRACK: August, 1972 [Tutti Frutti, not his best effort: badly mixed but featuring Lee Allen on saxophone].
For those of you that just thawed out from the ice age and never heard of Valerie Simpson she is the prettier half of the singer-songwriting duo Ashford & Simpson.That wrote Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing,Remember me, The Boss, you get the drift. Don't expect anything like that here. The one bow to her past is a pianoinstrumental,"Ain't No Mountain High Enough" which has no musical connection tothe song they wrote in the 1960's. But it lets her showcase her piano prowesslike I nave never heard before. Another treat for Jazz lovers is the not to becompared with Nina Simone,it was most likely the last song she recorded beforeher death, "Make it Up As You Go". The legendary Roberta Flack also appears ona song entitled "Turn Around the Square". This was always intended as a 3rd Valerie Simpson recording 11 years in the culling together of the songs andby ironic and sad coincidence a tribute to writing and producing of Nick'slove for Valerie.
Simply love this recording by Val, even though I as everyone would have preferred Nick to be somewhere in the mix.  Particularly  pleasing  is the song that features the great late Nina SImone, Val's updated version of &#34; Ain't No Mountain High Enough&#34;, the cut featuring Roberta Flack, &#34;Turn Around The Square&#34; and the last song, Count Your Losses&#34;.  Hope there will be more coming from this legendary artist in the future as I am always lifted when I her her sing or play that piano!
Not her best work. However I loved Count Your Losses. This song is reminiscent of their Come as you are album. Her rendition ofAint No Mountain High is outstanding and really highlights her ivory tickling skills. Still love this woman.
ON THIS NEW CD, WE ARE GRACED AGAIN BY ONE OF THE SWEETEST VOICES IN THE INDUSTRY. MS. SIMPSON, ONE HALF OF THE MONSTER SONGWRITING/ RECORDING/ PRODUCING/ PERFORMING DUO, ASHFORD & SIMPSON; BRINGS US A CD THAT IS CHOCKED FULL OF GEMS THAT ARE SURE TO PLEASE HER OLD & NEW FANS. ITS A GIFT OF LOVE FOR THOSE OF US WHO REMEMBER HOW MUCH NICK LOVED VALERIE, IT SPEAKS LYRICS TO THE HEART AS WELL AS THE SOUL. A CD 2 PUT IN YOUR COLLECTION.
I really like her cd it was a little different not hearing her with Nick but she sounds good! There are a couple of tracks that I have to play everyday to get me going! Thumbs Up!!
In an era where mudslinging is commonplace and politicians are endlessly chastised on various talk radio and television shows, it is nice to hear a positive message regarding the state of our country in an election year.  Tenor Phil O'Neal along with Roderick Goodson have composed a well structured song with intelligent lyrics in "Change (We Must Go!)".  Rather than lashing out and venting about society, this smooth R&B; number is a prayer asking for help and unity to fix the nation's problems.The musical introduction sets the mood as a relaxed calm sway with the synthesized strings and brass harkening back to a theme song from a 1970s sitcom.  Despite its slightly retro feel, the string motif adds a nice texture to the chorus as it flows in and out of the lyrical line.  A soft Fender Rhodes patch is the main instrument accompanying the verses adding to the easy listening vibe of the piece.  The vocals however have a lot of echo and O'Neal sounds like he is singing through a can.  This unfortunate detraction from the overall sound could lend itself to better mastering since O'Neal has a strong, soulful voice with a nice dynamic range.The vocal blend or lack thereof is not as noticeable in the chorus.  The songwriters have done an excellent job incorporating the background vocalists to add tasteful call and response and harmonization.  O'Neal's falsetto in the second verse is a bit thin, but is much improved in the bridge and into the last chorus where there is a distinct air of excitement.  At this point the song abruptly begins to fade out when instead it should be extended into a coda with O'Neal soaring overtop a repeat of the chorus and the cool swaying motion of the song climaxes with motivating the people to starting clapping and jumping into action, as the lyrics suggest.  "Change (We Must Go!)" is at an excellent starting point as a song and a message and can only get better as more people get involved.
Great dancing song ! Awesome lyrics! This is what more ladies need to be thinking! Because I have all of these qualities, so that makes me a Boss!
If you like Berkley blues/funk then this is the band for you. I bought this CD after seeing them at Smith's Olde Bar in Atanta and hey rocked the house down. In fact, true story, I was standing too close to the mains and blew my right ear drum out. Couldn't hear for 2 weeks out of it. As is the case most of the time what happens live does not always translate to a recording. I give their performance 5 stars and their CD 4 stars. If you like good music then by this CD...if you like a great live show that blows your mind then go see them in concert.....and you're welcome.
I fell in love with this song when I 1st heard Stevie J and the 757's sing it at Park Tavern in Piedmont Park during ATL Live on the reality show, "Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta."  I was disappointed after purchasing it because the fantastic background singers who harmonized so angelically with him on stage are not on the track with him!  He's singing alone and he's using auto-tune which is irritating because his voice is amazing and he does not need that.  I want the version I originally heard on the show.
Pick this up... great from start to finish...sounds awesome in my car... something for chilling at home or riding to the club...
Featuring Bea Bahr & Matt MacDermaid, with supporting band, we are treated to a deep soulful release that features Ms. Bahrs' wonderfully colored vocals. With "Hush Y'all" she comforts and settles us down advising us to hush y'all and hear the wind blow and thunder roll. There are hints of Mavis Staples deep down in her voice as she brings the blues church front and center. Mr. MacDermaid shows a tasteful land educated approach to both rhythm and lead work as he complements Ms. Bahrs' soulful singing with his own brand of guitar soul.Giving us a taste of swing, "I Will Always Love You' features nice sax work by Eric Kot. It is nice to hear some updated swing feel out there for us to enjoy and by doing this they show their versatility and musical abilities."Hole in The Floor" gives us a slow blues burner that expresses the hurt and pain that we experience at the hands of a not so true lover. Brilliant lyrics accompanied by a soul touching guitar solo we fully understand the depths of despair as Ms. Bahr sings the final installment and realization that the dead end of the road in now final and right in front of her. Great track.Mr. MacDermaid has strong ties to the rock side of the blues but is not slave to the `overplaying guitar masturbation syndrome'. He knows that the space between the notes and less is more is as important as any other aspect (if not more so) of his playing. By this understanding he fits perfectly with Ms. Bahr and her deep soulful vocals and together they have made a wonderfully enjoyable release of eight tracks.We are all born with the Blues, but for the lucky the blues stays with us for a lifetime. We are such at blues411.com.
Once again Masspike Miles shows that even if the industry is not promoting him the way that they should he is still going to win.A few of my favorite gems are Skyy Miles, Destination, Paris and he does a great justice and honor to Jon B's "THEY DON'T KNOW".They don't know happens to be one of my favorite songs and Miles makes this 90's jam sound refreshed and beautiful but still keeping it melodic and not so far from the original. He wins again.
it was pretty good for a group i had never heard of
I liked Megan's renditions of several songs while she was on American Idol and was sad to see her go when she did.  A couple years later I saw she had initiated a Kickstarter project to independently produce an EP after difficulty dealing with record companies.  I gladly contributed to her project and was extremely happy with the result.  She and her crew did a great job putting together this EP.  Her voice really comes through on many of the songs included on this record.  Check it out, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
I've been wondering what happened to Megan Joy after American Idol a few years ago.  I then saw last year that she had a kickstarter.com project to produce an EP- this album.  For a self produced album it is really well put together, arranged, and soulful.  Megan's voice really shines on tracks like "When It Turns", "Longing", and "Rainclouds".Buy this album and put it on repeat!
Sometimes I am looking for something mellow to listen to, and I usually find I have to go back to my 90's collection if I want smooth sounds that include vocals. That doesn't always hit the spot when I don't feel like listening to a song I have heard a million times over the past 15 years. In a new world of auto tune and cheap lyrics, &#34;Love's Language (Da)&#34; satisfies a craving for relate-able themes, discrete wording (nothing to make you cringe around kids or parents!!!), and real instrumentals. I have owned this song for several months now ---- yes, I have had it on repeat more than once ----- and I still thoroughly enjoy it. I look forward to hearing more from Shaun Williams, and it would be great if other artists would follow suit with ballads (or music in general) of similar integrity.
This is a great song, nice beat and good lyrics. I believe you will enjoy it just as I have, he's a great up & coming independent artist from Fayetteville NC. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I WAS SURPRISED THE FINISHING TOUCH ON THIS SONG AFTER HEARING THE PREVIEW ON LOVE AND HIP HOP ATLANTA... STRONG PASSION OF WORDS IN HER SONGS... SHE IS BY FAR ONE OF MY FAVORITE ARTIST THAT DOESNT GET ENOUGH CREDIT.
At least buying the entire album was worth it, there's not one song that i can't stand in the album or only one song i like. Good music from a turely individual artist, unlike the majority of the force fed music we hear on the radio every day.
Refreshing to hear a throwback to a real N.Y. combo of jazz, funk & R&B. 3 Cheers to real music.
Smart lyrics and a powerful yet sexy voice.  I really hope this duo puts out more work, sooner the better!
It has honestly been a very long time since we've heard anything from Atlantic Starr. Ever since they broke up over a decade ago, many people had wondered if they would make new music again. We'll, all that we did get is re-recordings of their classic songs from the past several years on compilations. But we really have yet to hear a new songs from Atlantic Starr. They did release a re-recording of their song My Best Friend. The song is classic and not bad. Yet, I do wish they could've recorded a new version of one of their more classic songs like Always. But nevertheless, it is a simple and elequent song. I do wish that there is more from Atlantic Starr soon. The world and for those die hard fans whom grew up with those songs back in the 80's and early 90's can't wait for another decade without that pure harmony.Song: B 1/2-
What a voice. She rips it up like she is in a juke joint somewhere south of the Mason Dixon Line. The band is a little on the perfunctory side of playing...or maybe they are just in awe of her singing, however I would love to see them live.
Scott was the guitarist with the young band the Chesterfields playing a mixture of rock, blues and soul in the New York area and he is now lead guitarist with the Gregg Allman Band. He's also played with the Allman Brothers, Levon Helm, Amy Helm and Marshall Crenshaw. As well as being an exceptional guitarist Scott is also an excellent, soulfull singer and also a very good songwriter. He's backed up here by the Brickyard Band (named after the Allen Toussaint song "Brickyard Blues") and they provide the perfect driving sound for Scott's soul blues inspired by Stax records and also 60's/70's acts like Joe Cocker, Traffic, the Meters and Little Feat. The majority of the songs here are funky soul blues but there is also variety in the shape of the slower soulful ballad "Save me", the hard rocking "Endless road", the reggae-like "One little song" and the jazzy ballad "Solitude". Scott's guitar playing is wonderful throughout, he has obviously listened to all the greats but definitely has his own sound incorporating blues, rock and soul.
Scott Sharrard is one talented individual...not only amazing comand of his guitar, has an soulful voice, but he also has a distinct presence musically that sets him apart from others.  Great band as well and if you like this one download his "Ante Up".
Slap'd It As Soon As I Got It... And Ain't Stopped Listenin To It Since Real Spit My Type Of Rap No Sugar Bars Or Skinny Jeans Just Pure WestCoast Gangsta Pimpin... You Hear Me Lookin At You !!!
I like this cd, but  I know t k soul sings better then this, because I have every cd he has put out.
Good soulful music brought to us only the way TK can bring it. I enjoy soulful music and this was exactly that.
Definitely worth 3.99!!  Watch out for great album deals for under 5.00.  I have replaced a lot of classics this way.
Love her voice.  Can not wait until she drops her first CD.  I would recommend this single to anyone who loves Love.
Wenso can tickle the ivories and offers a smooth jazz sound that captivates you.  I really enjoyed Signature and the mellow vibe it provides.  I preferred the slower tracks but the faster ones were pretty good as well.  If you are a smooth jazz enthusiast, this is a must have.
Mostly acoustic. His voice is amazing and I love the fact that this album relies mainly on his talent and not fancy production.
The only reason why this album doesn't get 5 stars is because there are a few songs listed here that are rehashed from some of his older work.  Tracks 7-9 I have previously purchased on some of his previous work.  But the rest of the album is so good that I don't mind.  Track 10 is also a re-release, but he has a female singer on the track this time so it sounds like a totally new song.  Her name is LaChardon and she definitely does this track justice.  My favorite track is #4-Baby, You can get it.  I like this song better than Dance for you by Beyonce.  Awesome track and he's singing his face off!  The entire album is a baby making album, with the exception of track #2-It's a Boy.  That song is about having the baby already so I don't think it belongs here.  But it's a very beautiful song...it just doesn't go with the vibe of the album as a whole.  But overall this album is worth the purchase especially if you don't have the Diesel album.  Candles, strawberries, whipped cream, and this album will definitely set the mood. Purchase, enjoy, and see you in 9 months.  LOL
Would've given it 5 stars but it's only EP... We need more Choklate!!! The track with Musiq Soulchild is nice!
Very mellow and well put together for a Smooth Jazz fan!!!  Nothing screaming at you.  Perfect for listening to with a nice glass of wine.
Tori Quinn is a slept on gem.  There are some songs on this CD that hit you right where you are at the moment and others that just make you dance.  Act Up will get you on the Dance Floor and can easily be the song that you play all summer at parties or you put in your running playlist.  Lucky and New Day...well you just need to listen to them.  You won't be dissappointed.
Great music. A little different but good. If you love good strong horns with your jazz, you will enjoy this music.
In recent years, I've been drawn into the chasm, velocity and tone of trumpet players old and new. Back in 2008, I was introduced to Brownswood Recording artist named Jos&eacute; James debut (Dreamer). Soon thereafter, a young Japanese trumpet sensation named Takuya Kuroda caught my attention because of his association with James. Within a short span of time without notice Takuya's second album appeared aptly titled "Six Aces" landed firmly into my music collection. Out of the box, Kuroda comes out swinging with the street wise vibe "Grappa." Next up he brilliantly switches gears with the blistering horn popping "Jafro" which showcases his versatility, strength and cohesiveness as a player and composer. Currenting residing in New York, Takuya continues shine as he sways back and forth with his rhythmic phrasing, style and colorful tonality that represents the essence of jazz flawlessly. Therefore, as this gifted player/composer's versatile voice emerges he will certainly attract a new legend of music lovers. In the meantime, his vibrant, detailed and intimate sound travels seamlessly throughout this engagement of these seven pulsating tunes. He concludes the set with hip hop influenced "Six Aces," this piece will certainly generate serious head bopping and conversation about this dynamic new voice in the contemporary/modern jazz idiom. Finally, Kuroda also has a debut (state side) titled "Edge" which is as fundamentally sound as "Six Aces."
This young man is an excellent singer, he is going to go far.  His music is for the older and younger generation.  He knows how to make music his own.
Again, another good set of music that is upbeat, relaxing and nondemanding of critical thinking skills.  Just to enjoy and relax.
I love itit mellows me out ,also nice driving music.I liked so much I purchased the pt 1
Angela has over twenty years of developing her craft and it shows. The production is well crafted, and the content is fresh, contemporary, and pleasing to the ear. I give it four out of five stars lyrical content, catchyness, and relivance. The Album cover could have used some fine tuning, however the setting was a good choice. I'm artsy, so I would like to see more on the cover to catch my eye. Cheers!
I like the tone & quality of his voice................Sounds good..........Wanna hear more.  Remind me of someone........Ihave always like acoustic instrumentation with vocals
Nice, soulfully executed.Some of the material kind of remind you of ''India Arie'' Neo Soul kind if vibe.Kelly's voice is smooth and jazzy with a gospel R&B; type of feel.The instrumentation, bass tracks, drums and the mix is well done, and is a much invited need to gospel music. This CD would make a great gift to anyone who appreciates real good music back to the roots like it use to be.I will be looking forward to the next CD.
What I hear sounds very nice but the total time of the 7 tracks is barely 25 minutes. $10.25 is a little steep for a CD with such a small amount of music.
Not bad for a startup artist..i like the beats of the songs.  definitely can relate.... so two thumbs up for this guy!  Definitely worth the purchase!!
Everything this man sings is just wonderful. This is not favorite album but this comes close. Gems on this one Silhouette featuring Havoc (ULTIMATE BANGER), Mayan Temple with his father is just pure classic R & B (I wish he would do a remix with Nas and his father). Revival has a beat that makes you feel like you are about to hear a church choir. Once again Masspike melts my heart and gives the listener some good for the soul music.
Sorry, it bugs me to see a decent compilation get tanked because the reviewer thought he was buying a CD.Anyway, listen to Stuart Jefferson's review.  This is a spirited compilation of obscure soul and funk.  These days we're blessed/cursed with waves of compilations and reissues.  Some good, some...less so.  I wouldn't call this "essential," but I enjoyed it.  If you like obscure soul and funk, you'll probably like it just fine.
I caught Suite 709 live recently and they are monster pros.  This live album shows it.  They have catchy pop / rock / mildly funky songs.  They work the audience.  Great image and musicianship.  Should be working festival crowds soon - and they know how.
Before purchasing this "Ultimate Collection", may I suggest you do a little research and verify that the versions of the songs are "full-length" (if it matters to you)!Two examples:1. Hold Me Tighter In The Rain (from the album: Be with me - 1982) [Album version: 5:21, This collection: 4:20]2. Love Machine (from the album: City of Angels - 1976) [Album version: 6:54, This collection: 4:20]Personally, I want MAX VERSIONS if I'm going to spend my money.Overall, an excellent collection...I rate "Ultimate Collection: Billy Griffin"...Four stars (minus 1 star for shortened versions of my favorites!)
I was never familiar with Andre until I heard this album. WOW! Smooth, sexy, and reminds me of driving in the city on a warm night. Not the best vocal songs, but his horn is what shines on this album. Definitely worth the buy - you will not be disappointed!
excellent contemporary jazz album.  I have all of his music.  A must have to add to your collection.  Great purchase.
I had not heard of Andre Ward, the musician until I purchased the album Caution.I liked whole album but really liked Marvin's Medley & the Wedding. I'm looking forward to his next release.
You can't lose listening to an Andre Ward album!  Of special note is Marvin's Medley of Marvin Gaye songs.  It will make you want to get up and dance!
Love her from listening to Fertile Ground on WCLK in Atlanta.  Voice is so soothing and comforting. Looking forward to the full LP.
I recently purchased The Book of Emotion. I had been stuck on one song that I loved and finally bought the album. I must say I'm glad I did. Each song has a message. It's not your typical jibber jabbish where you are just bumping your head to the beat. The music has substance.
This is a cute song! The beat is nice. I look forward to hearing more music from X-kayya! Keep up the good work and keep your head to the sky!
This project is soothing and honest.  It's filled with inspiration, spirit, and passion.  This is a great example of the saying &#34;what comes from the heart, reaches the heart&#34;' this music and message reaches the heart.  I'm impressed.
All the old songs I grew up listening too. Songs myself and my hubby hadn't heard in many years.  If you someone growing up in the late seventies and eighties, get it.
We heard these guys at a beach bar in Anguilla.  They are very talented musicians that put their hearts into their music and clearly enjoy playing together.  Hope to see more of them on Amazon soon.
enjoy listening to Wendell B music very smoothing - his sound is different and amazing keep up the good work.
i only received 7 songs out of 13 tracks. WHEN CAN I GET THE REST OF THE ALBUM? HELP ME WITH THIS PROBLEM
This is a nice album
I first heard Porsche Smith a few years back when I ran across her &#34;About Life&#34; album.  I was immediately transfixed by her voice, which to this day I consider to be one of the most organically soulful and rich voices I've ever heard.  What I particularly loved about Ms. Smith was her often understated approach to vocal production.  Rather than try to vow you with a ton of fancy runs or riffs, she understood that less is often more and thereby took a more slow-cooker approach to really let all flavors seep in and marinate her music.After her subsequently released Loveland EP I hadn't heard much of her so it was a delight when I found out about Superhuman having been released!  And I must say the album doesn't disappoint.  Porsche really stretches herself musically with this one, covering a wealth of different genres and musical influences.  It's one of those albums that when I listen to it I feel like I have my whole music collection with me because of the diversity (sort of the same way I feel when I listen to Janelle Monae's The Archandroid).  The album includes acoustic soul, neo soul, jazz of a variety of styles, reggae and more.  And most importantly, all of it is good!  I never would have thought of Porsche singing Rock but when she does, it works and she's damn good at it.The only reason I deducted a star was because the respective bossa nova and big jazzband influenced tracks, &#34;Soon and Very Soon&#34; and &#34;Birds&#34; are so ridiculously stellar that I felt she should have stayed in those musical flavors for a bit longer.  To give more perspective, &#34;Birds&#34; has not left my head since I've first heard it and it's a delight every time my mental jukebox plays it for another spin.With music now so readily available at everyone's fingertips, finding out who to listen to can be an overwhelming experience.  So let me ease the burden a bit: LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM AND THANK ME LATER!
Kalani Pe'a is a gifted Hawaiian singer. His voice is rich and tender. A lovely song. Kalani has always been a fantastic entertainer. He was a child star that I enjoyed listening to and watching take the stage!
Well yet again I discover a wonderful album.  A friend had this on while I was visiting.  I was captivated by the tone of her voice.  I was trying to figure out the voice but I couldn't.  You just cant compare her to anyone.  She has a rich raspy, husky at times, raw voice.  Flexible like caramel.  LOVE IT.  I had to find out who was singing.  Not just singing, but singing the bleep out of these songs. I mean instant connection, captivated, sold.The CD starts off with her in an upbeat step type beat. Nice vocals throughout. This album has a pot luck of styles, from step beats, songs featuring a rapper (this explains the 4 stars), funk (nice bass), and a bit sensual at times.  Real r&b; music, some would call it soul, but it is reminiscent of how radio used to be.  A variety of styles and artists who had their own style.My favorites so far:Round and RoundShe Aint You - He Aint YouVacation (love this one)Diggin' UAnd she does a remake of Phyllis Hyman's Living All Alone.She does a good job on this song, a different type of delivery, which is great, because no one will be able to outdo the original.  You can listen to the entire CD without skipping.  Well done.
I love listening to new artists that I've never heard before so I was looking forward to hearing Nicole Berke: This Bright Before. Her voice is so rich and powerful that I thought she was much older than she is.Nicole's music has a jazzy sound to it but is also soulful with a bit of an R&B; influence. I love the combination for a sound that is uniquely all her own. She also plays the keyboard and writes her own music making her even more of a multi talented artist. Putting her gifts together gives her the ability to focus on her strengths.Nicole's voice is deep and powerful and I love the fluctuations she has. She has an infectious energy that comes through and her passion for her music is obvious.In reading about her I liked this statement: "When writing a song, my main goal is to genuinely express a thought, experience or emotion on a scale that is universal enough for people to relate to but personal enough to sing with real passion and honesty," Berke said. This is truly reflected in her lyrics and that makes her relatable but without sacrificing any genuineness. People pick up on things that are written for general popularity and that are not one person's truth.I loved the sound of Nicole's smooth voice and really enjoyed This Bright Before. I look forward to hearing more from this rising star.
First a couple of disclaimers; 1.) I'm not a big fan of the alto sax, never have been, and 2.) I'm not very familiar with the local jazz scene in Cleveland, so if I hadn't heard Dee Perry's interview (WCPN 90.3) with Mr.Selvaggio, I might never have heard this wonderful disc......THANK YOU DEE!!!  Now about the music; great group interplay, everybody is strong and deliciously creative. Bobby is definitely the leader and his original compositions are interesting and compelling.  There is something that reminds me of old 1960's cutting edge jazz recordings (John Handy, Charles Lloyd?) and yet it is all quite contemporary and approachable.  Part of the music is played by a trio, the rest by a quartet, so it's like you get "two discs in one".  By the way, who is this guitarist Chris Parker?  Never heard of him before, but I look forward to hearing more - he has a unique voice.  Last but not least, they do a great bouncy-funk version of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground", a favorite of mine.  Buy this disc to support creative artists in North-East Ohio and enjoy it for its sheer musicality....you won't be disappointed!
Many longtime Isley Brothers fans may know Chris Jasper as the brother-in law and Keyboardist/Arranger for The Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame's, The legendary Isley Brothers Band. Chris was also 1/3 of 80's chart toppers Isley side project "Isley-Jasper-Isley" (featuring brothers in-law guitarist Ernie & the late bassist Marvin Isley...A Caravan of Love!)This project is funky,soulful and uplifting,with Jasper producing music with lyrics that direct towards faith,spirituality and hope.The music is pure classic Chris Jasper and has that patened Chris Jasper sound. (of all the great 70's Funk-Organ/Keyboard players Jasper is perhaps the most underrated or non mentioned...Billy Preston,Bernie Worrell,Booker T Jones,Sly Stone,even Herbie Hancock during his Headhunters period are spoken of in reference to their distinct keyboard sounds more than Jasper...interesting.) An inspiring and uplifting groove from an Isley Brother(In-Law).
This CD was fantastic from start to finish!!  Rarely do I purchase a CD and enjoy every song on it.  I guess there really is a first time for everything!!
A Good Cd and also glad to hear new music from the Braxton Brothers because it has been awhile. This cd is good just a little to much vocals for my Jazz taste.
Where have these guys been?  I have all the past cd's,but its been some time since they put something out. I am a big smooth jazz fan,and this is a good cd. A lot more singing,but it works.
I like this guy! He was on the voice and I thought he could have kept going. What ever happened to recruiters finding people and signing the for a contract?
Sean-Toure has always made quality music and this release is no exception. Excellent production and excellent lyrical flow. This is what Hip-Hop should be about.
To anyone who likes jazz music , I would recommend this CD . It is refreshing to hear new talent play so well .
At 4 songs I was blown away, but I would love a longer album in the near future.  Great vocals, production, and LYRICS.
I can relate to the words of this song, it speaks to some of the places i have beenin my life
These guys aren't reinventing the wheel but if you're are into some solid positive hip hop then you are going to love this. I definitely recommend this to any conscious hip hop aficionado.
Happy to see these talented musicians have finally produced another cd and that it is readily available in the US.  Disappointed that most of the songs are repeats to those found on another album that I already own, but still happy with my purchase.
&#34;I-69&#34; has a very Shuggie Otis &#34;Strawberry Letter 23&#34; feel to me. Roman has a better voice than Shuggie though. Fun, chill music to hang out in the backyard.
This is what the good music all about!  Love it! Love it! Love it! Love it! Love it!Happy Listening!!
This is a very good album.  These are mostly 3-star songs, but the playing, singing, arrangements, and production elevate things to something much stronger.Mainly, the Soul Investigators sound looser than most other recent soul/funk releases, and this live vibe translates particularly well when they start to stretch out on some (almost) jazzy vamps.  However, they never get too funky by getting carried away with the groove; the band sounds best working within the framework of the songs.In addition to the not-too-perfect feel of the recording, all the instruments sound absolutely fantastic.  You can hear each instrument in isolation, and this recording definitely gives one the sense that these guys listen to each other while playing.  Everybody knows when to come in and when to lay back.  In particular, I'm not sure I've ever heard a better sounding organ and the drummer keeps things simultaneously loose and tight (in a word, the guy's playing is perfect).As a vocalist, Willis' voice and phrasing are both unique (I can't really think of anybody past or present as a comparison), and her willingness to not over-sing adds to the feeling of this being a band that's working in service of the songs.Top tracks: It's All Because of You, Delete My Number, Best Days of Our LIves.
An amazing debut album from an up and coming artist! Showcasing heart and talent while adding her own elegance to the respective styles of 90's R&B , POP, and soul. This album is definitely worth owning as the first to a collection of what is sure to be a long and very prominent career in mainstream as well as the indie music scene. Great job and looking forward to more!
A group who in their era has attempted to help build up our spirit when life's turmoils and/or tribulations has turned our lives upside down.
Been a fan since Mamacita. Their routines from Spread My Wings video still the best by a group 25 years later. Will always support.
Liv sounded great as usual .... nice song... it helps R&B.  Waiting  on  the LP... some back story  would  be nice  still  feels un- relatable...
I enjoyed the sleepy raspy sound. I look forward to hearing more from this artist. I will definitely recommend it to friends.
Great singer & thoughtful lyrics. Heard it once and bought the song immediately! Go out and support this emerging artist.
I'm a bass player and I have to admit Robin has skills.  Nice CD to listen to while relaxing after a long days work.
This is the first cd from this young lady and I must say that I enjoyed the whole thing. From the tina Marie opening cover the whole cd is fresh with some new I deas. This young lady also plays with a group called pretty in pink, which is also very nice....give a listen...
Great debut album, liked the interpretation of Teena Marie's Square Biz and the nods to some of my favorite bassists Mark 'The Hanselor' Adams of Slave and Wayman Tisdale amongst others.
I have followed Rockapella since &#34;Don't tell me you do&#34; was their latest CD.  I've seen them in concert a dozen or so times, and I've seen 3 member changes.  I have almost all of their songs memorized, own all but one CD (devil baby), and Scott and Jeff remember me at the meet-and-greet table.  I once considered Scott to have the best male voice of all time, and my first dance with my wife was &#34;My home.&#34;  I'm familiar with them, to say the very least.I have watched the group decline over the years, much to my dismay.  I have been hoping for the magic they once had, but I just haven't heard anything of redeeming quality since around 2003.  Bang! was just a let down.  I listened to it once before I put it away.  I thought the old Rockapella, the good Rockapella, was long gone, and I accepted that fact.They redeemed themselves a little with Rockapella Holiday, but most of the tracks were either remakes from previous CDs or just so-so.  I did listen to it more than once, so it was better than Bang.Enter Motown & More.  The first whiff I got of this CD was a promo on their website.  They sang &#34;Blame it on the boogie&#34; live, and I thought &#34;Are they back?&#34;.  I was excited when this was their first track.  It brings the old harmony feel to the current disjointed group.  Sure, some of the songs are remakes from earlier CDs, but most of the tracks are songs I haven't heard them do before.  And, I'm happy to say, most of this CD is good!  I even find myself listening to one of John's solos!The bottom line: This is not the quality of Rockapella 1994-2003, but it's not bad.  I actually like it.  It is a marked improvement over recent projects anyways.
While I'm not the biggest Motown fan, I like their take on it, it feels very fresh.  Their one original track is awesome, I'd really like to see (well, hear) more originals.
Love the cd and the downlad option, it was quick and easy. Music whent to my phone and lap top via the cloud.
Jeanette, you are the BOMB. your style of sax playing get's me up and running. Keep on doing what you are doing.
Didn't know much about her before, listern to a couple of previews and decided to buy. I was not disappointed great sound.
Summer has a very good sound and shows total command of the sax. This was my first CD of hers but will not be my last. She is very smooth.
When I first saw the picture (without words) of this woman holding an alto, I just thought she was cute (she's bad); but I thought it was generic of something (?).  Then, much later, when I saw the same picture WITH the words, I decided to see (or hear) "what this 'chick' was blowin'".I don't mind saying that I was very pleasantly surprized.  NOT because she's a woman.  Hell, Candy Dulfer, Grace Kelly, and Ingrid Jensen are women (to name a few).  I was suprized by her deep, rich tone (use of the lower octave, as it were).  Also, the high-spirited, upbeat mood that she maintained throughout.  It wasn't whiney, like most "Kool-Ade" (Smooth Jazz).While I didn't know what to expect, I certainly wasn't expecting Cannonball Adderley or Jackie McLean to come blastin' out of her horn (and they didn't) but Jeanette brought a newer, higher energy, that, to me, sounded better than the last stuff I heard from either Dave Koz, Kenny G, or Candy Dulfer (where is she, anyway?).  Of course, Grace Kelly and Ingrid Jensen are "Beboppers", but even so,Jeanette Harris brings a more "mellow" attitude to this type of music, such as it is.  (Check out Phil Woods on YouTube, bringing out Grace Kelly, at 14).  Compared to Ingrid Jensen (trumpet/flugelhorn).....well let's just stay in the REAL world.Would I, personally, collect this CD? No. I don't collect Kool-Ade.  But if I did, and for the millions that do, Summer Rain is a MUST-HAVE, from a lady who's quickly climbing to the top, and the best is yet to come.  Jeanette Harris is a lady you NEED TO KNOW.
I enjoyed this cd enough to order another. The only thing keeping this cd from a 5 star rating is the lack of uptempo songs for my taste. Don't let &#34;my taste for more upbeat keep you from purchasing this cd;it is quite good!
whats not to like about miss Harris work on the sax. Makes a man feel good listening to her play!
This release, in my opinion, displays more of Ms Harris' classical training side. It is more mellow than her earlier release &#34;Saxified&#34;. Overall, it is a very relaxing after a hard work day.
What a very nice saxophonist.  I have totally enjoyed listening to Ms. Harris and I will continue to do so.
i am still enjoying this lady's work. she puts her heart into this release. i would recommend this to my friends with doubt
I was happy with this album but there is no stand out jam. It is a very good CD and I would buy it again if I had to but everything on the CD is just very good.Wouldn't want to discourage anyone from buy it though.
I never heard of her but shes doin B.C. nice things. I brought two cd. This and Saxified. This cd is a better production. Smooth jazz done right.
Not bad but I like the &#34;Blues Boy's&#34; originals better.  This guy is good.  Try listening to his Root Doctor or Chocking Kind among others.  Again, he is good and I recommend him to all blues fans; but, I recommend his stuff not Bobby's.
"Take Time" is a great recording, representing a diverse mixed-bag of superbly-performed fusion jazz.  This feels & sounds like the child that would result from the Brown/Roach Quintet ("Bobblehead") coupling with Weather Report or Chick Corea ("Truth").  The heavy reliance on guitar seems to channel the best of Zappa or Mahavishnu, and the inclusion of vocals on some tunes runs the gamut from old-skool R&B ("Can't Get Enough") to down-&-dirty blues ("Interlude 2").  I even hear some later-era Randy Brecker in a tune like "Get Up 2 Get Down."  Whatever the members of Splice would admit to in terms of influence, they have combined their sensibilities here into a recording that might *remind* you of lots of stuff, but ultimately is their own unique take on the genre.  Super-clean playing and production, from the sax/trumpet heads to the guitar to the ultra-crsip snare drum sound.  All in all, a very pleasant listening experience!
2 songs really bless me so much on this album: I worship you great I AM and You are a Wonder. Great worship songs. Good work
Saw this band on Craig Ferguson. Bought the CD the next day. Good CD with several nice tracks. Hope they got more radio time from that appearance.
Saw them during the Vans tour right after they released their first EP 'Stick up Kids', and they were easily the highlight of the festival. This first full length rehearse does not disappoint,  and is a quintessential summer party album.  Only minor complaint is that like 'Stick up Kids' by the end  sounds kind of &#34;same- ish&#34;; I think that a lot of the songs are in the same key. Having said that,  their music is fresh,  exciting, and better than anything you can find on the radio today.Looking forward to another album from then that is rumored to be released this year.
It's has a lot of elements of some old school R&B with some back beats that would classify as break downs had they not put keyboard over it!
Very good album coming from a very good band. They definitely bring something different to the table from themanufactured fluff you get from today's music. Album highlights include the banging opening party starter We Can Roll, Can't Fool Me, Let's Fall In Love, and Doin It For Love. The only reason this album didn't get 5 stars is because the entire cd is just barely over 30 minutes long with each song averaging just over 3 minutes. It's highway robbery thatWe Can Roll is barely 3 minutes long.
Killer groove,funk,soul hop! I have been following these guys a while since I saw a couple covers they did online.
Good Soul Music does anything else need to be said?  This sounds like the great soul recordings of the 70s.
A lot of what was wrong with music in the first decade of the 21st century was that everyone was adhering to a formula for commercial popularity.  Singers with marketable images and subpar voices would be given great material by songwriters who were looking to break the performace side but were seen as unmarketable.  Now, with the rise independent publishing, the people in the background are coming out of the shadows and wowwing everybody.  Eric Bellinger is one of those people.Born II Sing 3 is total R&B; with great features and few downspots.  Bellinger knows what his stregnths are as a singer and doesn't stray from them, letting his writing do the hard work that his voice may not be up to.  My least favorite song is "Bed Medicine" (because it's a little heavy on the falsetto), but it's still a solid babymaker.  In fact, the album is a bedroom banger from beginning to end with something for every shade of relationship, from the casual to the serious.This is what R&B; has been missing!
I also get the chance to see him live locally and marvel at the breadth of his musicianship; drums, guitar, keyboard he can manage them all well, but his soulful R & B singing is what will get your attention. The track Lady J is the best cut on the album with solid horn arrangements by the Jazz Mafia horns I suspect. This is Bagale's second album and you need to check out his first self titled solo album too.
Got a copy of this in Vegas, pretty sick beats. Wishing these guys the best. Lyrics are explicit, so if that's a concern this may not be for you.
Good, positive, uplifting music and cant help but to listen to it over and over again. Feeling the God thru these songs!
I didn't know how I was going to feel about this album, but I ended up enjoying every one of his songs. Worth the buy!!
The soulful debut of Birmingham, Alabama's own Gabriel Tajeu is cool as a summer breeze! Great old school soul/pop vibe. The album highlights Gabriel's fine voice and catchy songwriting. Great debut! Look for this guy to break out and go places!
Great soulful beats.  Brings you back to the classic R&B hits with amazing vocals.  Lyrics are deep and so well thought out.  Perfect for just kicking back and relaxing away.
Bigg Robb better known as the "fliest & sexiest "FATMAN" in show business" has released his 8th full length project "Think Bigg".A protege and former member of the "Late" Roger Troutman and Zapp Band. Bigg Robb have been a major marquee on the "Southern Soul" market for over 10 yrs now and still continues his trademark charisma and funny antics as you will hear on this project."Think Bigg" an 18 song project is a lil' different in style and flavor compared to his previous projects. Bigg Robb seems to be more geared with playing more of the older style of Southern Soul blues and experimenting with different grooves like Go-Go and Zydeco which lacks that Southern Soul/Funk and that Roger "Talkbox" you've heard throughout in so many past projects although Bigg Robb still uses the "HELL" out of Auto-tune and in my opinion Auto-tune is played out.Don't get it twisted Bigg Robb have some good songs like the rendition of Lattimore "Let's Straighten it out", "Thirsty / I Cant Wait (Medley)", "Partytime", "Slow Motion"," Not Ashamed", "Looking For A Country Girl", "Swing It For Me" (Swingout 2step Mix) & "Carla's Song (Bigg Robb's Love Theme II)" which is a jazz version twist of Michael Jackson "The Lady In My Life"."Think Bigg" is a good project. I will admit that some songs had to grow on me and it falls short compared to past projects like "Grown Folks Muzic", "8 Tracks N 45's", "Jerri Curl Muzic", & "Soul Prescription" but if you ever get a chance to see Bigg Robb in concert like I have you certainly WILL NOT be disappointed!They don't call him the "Fliest & Sexiest "FATMAN" in show business" for nothing...That's for sure! :)
Not all the songs are instant hits, but the whole album is incredibly enjoyable to listen to. They capture a real nice sound with these tracks and their harmonies are killer.
Great songs for inspiring young people. Positive messages.Recommended for groups working in disadvantaged communities and people with special disabilities.
Though is was not brand new, he sound quality of this CD is good. I would recommend it to a friend.
you know when i heard this guy on the radio a week ago i was blown away by his vocals kind of like R.kelly inspired vocals in him but he has his own style also and his other songs are really great as well, im going to watch this guy i have a feeling he's going to have an overnight success and a lot more artist are going to collaborate with him on hooks for their songs and blow this guy up he's really a great singer! im in for another album from this guy!now let's see what he has on the youtube circuit.bottom line: WORTH THE MONEY!
With her smooth and controlling vocals, Shelea is a breath of fresh air. After hearing the track Love Fell On Me, from the movie Jumping the Broom, I hoped and anticipated a forth coming album. Shelea is very talented. I hope she continues strong in &#34;overrated&#34; industry. Check out her tribute to the late great Whitney Houston on YouTube.
Very sweet songs that Bring back memories of his amazing talent.
Teisha Marie is a very talented vocalist and songwriter. I bought her LP after a friend recommended the song,"Strive (Feat. Kenny Wilson)" from that song I listened to most the LP and was hooked. The songs are very good and she does a great job with the entire album..
Over 20 years into his career, Don-E continues to deliver solid melodies, relevant lyrics, and authentic and satisfying productions. There may not be anything groundbreaking at this point; but he knows the meaning of a good song. Recommended listening for any fan of this talented Brit-soul singer-songwriter-producer.
A very nice album! Cool and soulful vocals. A nice mix of uptempo and laid back soul music. This is a winner from the musician/vocalist!
This is my 1st time hearing Timotha and I like her, I'm going to buy her CD. Keep on pushing through.
Listen to it at the gym. Like all the songs in it. Would definitely recommend to a friend . Good Job.
This was a Pretty good CD. I actually liked a good majority of his songs--which is pretty rare for me.
L. Young has a gift that is reminiscent of Peobo Bryson. He is an artist who knows how to work with a song to get the listener to feel his message. R&B is alive!
I bought this because of the song &#34;Suit,&#34; which has to be one of the funnest and catchiest songs I've heard in a long time. I was happy to find out that the entire album is solid. A fun and enjoyable listen!
If you love Beastie Boys instrumentals and 70s/80s soft soul jams, and you get an occasional jones for more, this is the album for you.  They songs are mostly mellow. They're often jazzy. And some tracks are more lively and mod-ish. My four-star review is qualified; I'm totally satisfied with the music, but some reviewers, doubtless, will feel the need to say the cuts aren't as strong as the Beasties, etc. This is lite, fun funk.
Beautiful, artful and joyous download. This is my second album from this group. I am absolutely happy with this new release from Ashmont Hill. My favorite song is Gaby's Song (I Love the LORD) and the opening song Heaven's Sound. If you are an Ashmont Hill fan,  you will not be disappointed.
After a 28 year hiatus JAK finally released his second solo project "Electric Noize".I had the pleasure to do a phone interview with Jak Bailey back in April 2013 for an article called "Where Are They Now". He told me he was putting the finishing touch on his upcoming new project. His last solo project was back in 1985 "I Go Wild" although he was in a group called "Soul Divine" that released an album in 2003.Well "Electric Noize" has dropped and I must say that I'm highly impressed simply because JAK didn't try to come back sounding all new school but instead he stayed true to himself. Back in the day JAK's style was similar to Prince and that whole Minneapolis sound which you will hear on "Electric Noise" but not as heavy as "I Go Wild"."Electric Noise" is very musically diverse with 13 tracks of R&B;, Rock & Funk. My favorites are "Dirty", Amber Baby", "Last Days" and "The Player N You" other notable mentions are "Long Live The Funk" featuring Ryan Montano, "Saturday Nite", Slo Joint", "Get With You" & "A Girl Like You" featuring Eddie Garcia.Unfortunately after 28 years the marketing on radio stations have significantly changed due to corporate domination therefore I don't foresee "Electric Noize" getting much buzz over the airwaves but I can foresee "Electric Noize" being played on internet stations around the world who have a true appreciation for "REAL" music."Electric Noise" may not be for everyone but after talking to JAK it's NOT suppose to be for everyone who's musically IMMATURE just those who are musically MATURE and I couldn't agree more.Nice comeback JAK :)If you like to read the the article I did with Jak Bailey go to this link [...]
Take two great artists & combine them & u get funk on its highest level. "For the homies" has a great synth bassline that reminds me of (Not just) Knee Deep & Steve Arrington isn't holding back his unique vocals! Its getting "Crazy in here" & Dam-Funk's keyboards is getting nonstop stupid in here! "I be trippin" drops the funk hard & shows these two compliment each other perfectly! I took away one star cuz there are no guitars or horns but other than that, this is a landmark album of true funk that will definitely take u Higher!
It definitely keeps you on your toes. A huge variety of influences, lots of variations and changes keep you engaged and waiting for the next surprise.  Great work, I recommend it!
Really appreciated the diversity and non-typical sounds of this album.  Just when you think you know what their sound is like they hit you with something like the "watermelon romp" which has a real bluegrass feel to it.  Not your typical junk that people are putting out these days.  Liked it a lot.
Ive been a fan of jonny craig since the beginning. Vocally in the modern rock day hes by far the most talented for his runs and riffs derived from rnb and soul. His previous album before this was by far the best album of the year when released so I had much expectations from this album.This album is very alternative from his works before. Listening to the tracks you can tell hes more exploring his vocals with a new sound much sounding like weeknds talented tracks(except jonnys better vocally and lyrically). I definitely recommend you listen to his album with an open mind and you wont be dissapointed. Im also glad hes working with kyle lucas(underground rapper). His best song ever made in history that really blew me away is on this album(the lives we live). enjoy it!
This collection is well-written and heartfelt.  The lyrics to these songs are strong and actually have meaning, unlike many of the other songs being played these days!
This is a really nice tune. I've listen to it more than once and have included it on my play list. I do wish I had the lyrics because at times I could not understand the words but I do get the story line. Looking to hear more from these artists in the near future.I highly recommend this to music lovers interested in easy listening with a soulful beat.
Excellent music, great grooves, and like the traditional and the updated more contemporary music presented on this latest project from Hiroshima. This is a must have if you are a fan of this group.
Huge fan been following this group of years a bit different from the nomal stuff stilll listerning to form a opinon.
2014 will mark the 40th anniversary of the pioneer Asian American jazz band Hiroshima. That said, while I've been listening to them for over a decade, I found their music to be a mixed bag, ranging from excellent (Obon & Little Tokyo) to just over average.J-Town Beat, the band's latest release is a throwback of such; it sounds a lot like the jazz-fusion releases of the late 1970s (largely due to the present of the electric piano in nearly every song). Despite that, the band manage to keep their trademark sound present for the most part thought out. The 1st tune, "Red Buddha" is the most Asian sounding track on the CD. It opens up with kotoist June Kuramoto singing & playing the shamisen before the rest of the band comes in. The sounds of the taiko & flutes gives one the feeling they're at a Japanese festival. Other songs with a noticeable Asian favor include "Kimochi" (Japanese for "feeling"), "Afternoon Koto" & the closer.Beside Japanese music, one can hear other genres in this album. For R&B; there's "State of Mind" (which the band dedicated to the late George Duke), "Lady of Mystery" (Vinx De'Jon Parrette, who provides the vocal hooks sounds a lot like Will Downing), & the lone full vocal "Days Gone Bye." Not a big fan of Hiroshima's vocal songs, for me this is the weakest song here-though not a bad one in itself. For Latin music, there's the bossa nova "Lost in Provence" & the remake of "Crusin' J-Town" (which originally appeared in the band's 2nd LP in 1980.) & for jazz fusion there's "Da Kitchen" (named after an eatery in Hawaii.) & "Meiji Mambo"-which despite the title there's nothing mambo or Latin jazz about it. Rather it pays triune to the founding band members' grandparents, who migrated to the US during Japan's Meiji Era (1968-1912) as well the band's 1st visit to that country over 30 years ago.Overall, I enjoyed this album. While not one of Hiroshima's best recordings, it's still a good CD & should please fans of the group.
Good Album. Some nice songs with the koto. June Kuramoto does a good job. Some of the songs sound like othe Hiroshima songs.