kashif is some good old school music glad to be able to find this cd good music good cd satisfied
I grew up listening to Kashif my husband and I sing along and it just brings back so many wonderful memories.
Kashif was one of my favorite artists from the 80's. I was looking for anything that he made in the recent years and I found this cd and another. This is a good cd of good music which is hard to find these days when the whole album is good. I would recommend this cd and the &#34;Who loves you&#34; cd for people who likes to hear good real music.
This is one of the best!  I'd never heard of this artist yet after playing a preview of "Jealousy" I was hooked!!  This is a cd you drop in and play from beginning to end.
The only reason I know about this group is because of DJ Tabone from WRFG 89.3 (Atlanta). He played "Space" from this CD and I just fell in love with this group.  He also interviewed October(Sabrina) Rose and just listening to her talk about how they come up with their lyrics only made me want the CD even more.  I have downloaded the MP3 verision and will patiently await the CD to arrive in the mail.
POCKET CHANGE ARE NOT TO BE OVERLOOKED! I love this group.  They are solid, tight, funky, upbeat jazz.  It's hard to find this type of jazz these days and it's a shame these guys are not nationally popular.  They are surely a breath of fresh air and you'll love the free flowing solos and liveliness incorporated into this disc.  Buy and enjoy!
I downloaded this album on a recommendation from a friend about 3 years ago.  I listen to it all the time.  I love the mixture of neo-soul, french, morrocan, middle-east, hip-hop, flowing sound Ahmed is putting out.  I think Brother and Sister is my favorite but I really like them all.  I give this two thumbs up.
Fools of the music media who have basically kept their heads underground... SHT and the Fuze, for the love of all that is holy and great on this Earth... put this band on some festival line-ups and they will take us all by storm.  I bought the debut in Best Buy back in the past, 1995?  And to think that I just had the presence of mind to look deeper (so effortlessly) and realize there was another release from this band, 2005, good lord and a new studio album coming in Summer of 2013?  Coachella, Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, any of these corporate BS festivals should book these guys and spread the brilliance that is the Screaming Headless Torsos.  Oh the music is too heavy?  Then you're too old.  Red Hot Chili Peppers wish they had 1/8th of the talent of this band and that's not a comparison.  Yes there is ska here,  I would curate a tour with this band and Fishbone, some of the most amazing musicians and songwriters that has been ignored by the mainstream, probably because they are just too good.Personally, I can go from death metal to Stevie Wonder to ambient trance; Screaming Headless Torsos is another flavor to the mix.  Oh, and go listen to Hiromi too, Fuze is a king among men.
This guy is amazing "Dying Of Old Age" listen closely he sounds like Eric Benet on that song, everysong is amazing if i was in the music industry on a professional level i would find this guy and introduce him to the mainstream he's that GOOOOOD !!!!!!!!!!!! The Boy Can SANG!!!! and PLAY.
I don't love all the tracks but The Cabin of Uncle Jam (76 funkadelic), Love Is something (78 Brides), and Every booty (79 parliament) make this a reocrd to remember.
very dope cd it's good to hear some of the lost p funk tracks some of these would have been sampled to death if they were released back in the day love is something is funky the brides plus eddie on vocals and a added bonus billy bass tiki and the wizard of woo bernie the best on there think right should have came out in 1980 parlet shines not bad could have been better
The first song on the album &#34;Like a Bird&#34;. You might ask yourself where this song has been all your life.
JustABand are artists from Washington D.C. who are bringing back REAL music.  Currently touring with Raheem DeVaughn, these guys are true musicians with a classic sound.
Teish O'Day has a album out under the name of this cut and a short CD with two takes on 'Commitment'. Haven't heard her other work, but this song has got it. An easier format is MP3, Amazon says MP3, but you can get the real thing at eMusic.com AND you can burn that one onto a CD, not Amazon's copy, which is through their player only.Listen to the way she enunciates her words. She massages them with her mouth -- sensuously. A delightful stretch to the sound of language. She's in no rush. Beautiful!
For the most part, this is a great album. Mr. Krown can REALLY hit that B3 the way it's meant to be! Good stuff. Buy it. Did you buy it? Then buy it.
I chose this ranking because this album is so unknown, and I want to change that! This is a great album with great flow, BUY IT!
Excellent quality and sound&#62; The album takes me back to my college days  liked it then love it now.. it give my music son something to judge yesterday with thee no sound of today
I heard Madia sing online for the first time when I visited her website [...] and was blown away by her cover of Jill Scott's 'The Way." I then googled her to see what work she had done of her own and came across "The Limit Is The Sky" which I instantly fell in love with! This is definitely worth purchasing. It's laidback, chill, mellow with soft intricate harmonies and of course very interesting stories about love that will definitely get you in a chill mood. I give this album a solid five stars and can't wait for Madia to drop her next project. This was recorded back in 2003 and still sounds good today! Check it out ...... you definitely won't be disappointed! My favorite song is "Next Time." I can so relate to the lyrics!!!!
The real hip hop is over here! Great album worth the doe! All these classics from the 90s rock! Hip hop lives forever in this music!
This is a nice change of pace for military music. I love the music of the military bands, but I also like more modern music. This has the flavor ofboth. With Hits like Carry on Wayward Son and Great Balls of Fire it's hard to believe your listening to US Service Men and Women. The Blue Aces are a part of the US Air Force Band and they have done shows for many important figures including the president. You can understand why they have such prestige when you listen to this album. This is a military album that even your grandkids will love. My nephew even told me he has Wayward on his Guitar Hero game. Wow! I didn't realize military band music could be hip.
I've had this album for a while now.  I'm actually searching for second album, but alas, none to be found.  LYMAN, WHERE DID YOU GO?Would love if anyone could give me a comparable artist/band to expand this genre.  It's under R&B;/Soul on iTunes, I thought it would be under a Funk/Jazz sort of thing.  I'm at a loss... any direction would help!
This is, hands down, one of the best undiscovered musical groups in the country. Very few people outside of Portland, Oregon have ever heard or seen them in action, and very few ever will, as Dr. Theopolis was started more or less as a joke. Ladies and Gentlemen, it has turned into a joke of stellar proportions. Most of the eight band members are with other local bands, so Dr. Theopolis is restricted to playing only one or two shows a year due to scheduling difficulties. They've put out only two albums, so they're not exactly prolific, and 'The Voice of the Future' is the better of the two by far.But... 'The Voice of the Future' is one of the hippest, grooviest, funniest albums I've ever heard. It is an EPIC dance album, the lyrics are sharp and the rhythm keeps you moving. Sheer awesome on steroids. With a wafro.Listen to it, love it. Simple as that.
Wish this band were still kicking, their music makes for great listening. Nice grooves, GREAT voice, one of ny favorite albums.
I love this woman's voice. Her choice of numbers of this disc is great! Give us another one soon, Toni Lynn!
Love Van McCoy's music;  thought this album had the best songs; need to figure now; how to download from my iPhone to my apple computer..........love it.  I do business with Amazon first and love Amazon, very accommodating to their customers.....THE BEST to do business with.....
NOW THIS IS THE ORIIIIIGINAL "O" G'S.  THIS IS WHERE IT ALL STARTED, AND EVERYTHING ELSE  GREW FROM THIS ERA. REAL COLLECTOR'S LOOKOUT --YOU'RE NOTSCHOOLED UNTIL YOU GET THIS ONE!!
A few years back, I got an email from Bai Kamara Jr. to be a friend on Myspace.  I was about to "blow it off", but once I listened to his music, I was blown away. Bai Kamara is the real deal.  Now I own all his albums.  Excellent!
this CD is surprisingly beautifully wrought. The the lyrics and message of self awareness coupled with peace and unity of Inner strength make this CD 1 of the best purchases I have ever made. Ayanna's voice is so mesmerizing and her talent clear when you hear the vocal range that she has. the daughter of Dick Gregory 1 would think that she would be at the forefront in the music industry.
There has not been another CD that I have been able to play at the office non-stop in the background without having to change the CD that I never tire of, and that everyone has always seemed to enjoy; no matter who they are. Buy this CD! They need to come out with others!
This is a hot album with a lot nice tracks. It's good enough to let it play straight from start to finish. Promotion, Baby Ez Up and It's Just Game are probably my favorites. I had to purchase this album a second time after my PC died and it was worth it.
I stumbled upon Nate James accidently, and now I can't get enough.  Soulful, groove type music.  In the same spirit of Stevie Wonder, but more modern like Musiq Soulchild.  He has beats that makes you want to bob your head too and lyrics that transend.  I can't recommend this album and artist enough!!!
Soulful, honest, inspirational...Why he hasn't caught on in the US is one of life's great mysteries!
This album is loaded with fantastic tracks.  I would say 75% of the songs are top notch, with only 25% being just good.
If you're into Rockabilly I'd recommend checking Big Sandy and his Fly Rite boys out. This is by far one of my favorite albums in my whole collection.
I recommend this romantic album to allow yourself to be soothed by easy sounds, riveting stories through music, and great vocals by Joseph Washington.  Music never gets old, and given the day it make speak directly to what you're going through.  I HIGHLY recommend &#34;We Thank You&#34;; it will motivate you to go thank a veteran.
Although this album is in Portuguese, and i don't understand anything (google translate has been my friend), i feel the music, the stories behind the lyrics and the overall essence of Anselmo Ralph! I can't get enough! Keep the good music coming! I'll be awaiting your English, US debut! GOOD LUCK!
I soon as I heard "Nobody Else" I had to have the entire CD! Wonderful, soulful sound, reminiscent of Bilal, Musiq and D'Angelo.
A holiday re-working of the Laura Nyro penned / 5th Dimension hit "Stoned Soul Picnic", "Stoned Soul Christmas" is a refreshing spin for the Christmas holidays.  There are many Christmas tunes that are just too somber or maudlin.  This is not one of those - it's a party in itself!  It's Great for your holiday get togethers, mixed in with the classics.  I guarantee that you'll be humming this one for days!
This is amazing, tight and varied. An excellent mix and great musicianship!! Just were are this band? They are so good and should be way up there. Have they reformed?? You have to give this a try. well worth a listen.Hermosaman
LOVE this guy! This is a great album with lots of great stuff. It won't disappoint. '60s soul is alive and well!
Not certain of the year but this collection of songs probably precedes &#34;Yellow Moon&#34; by ~25 years. Classic early 60's sound. A joy to listen to. A great reminder of just how long these guys have been around.....and deservedly so!
This is actually a 3 disc set, but the best songs have been put on disc 1 and 2. This is some very rare and old Clapton/Page. They even have Claptons' rare Bluesbreakers band. Some tracks are a bit rough sounding, but this is a set to have.
The man is a genius and pure gold in my book, from the delta all the way to Chicago, he will never be equaled. You can't go wrong with this guy. I saw him three times and it was always a massive wall of sound. Amazing!
What happened to the days where musicians could go in the studio and produce a masterpiece just by having fun
One of the premier Funk groups of the 70s & 80s.  Along with Parliament, Bootsy Collins, War, Confunk Shun, Rufus & Chaka Kahn, EWF, Prince, James Brown, Sly & The Family Stone, etc.
This 1991 release is as good as Texas blues can get. Darrell Nulisch proves to be an excellent singer and a fantastic Harp player. The band is also in good shape. A young Joe Moeller(saw him this year as a member of the Fabulous Thunderbirds) ,only 20 years old at the time of this recording plays like an old pro. Moeller not only shines when he solos but he also has the art of backing Nulisch's harp playing down pat. Steve Gomes a veteran bass player and drummer David Olson play together in a tight knit style that is right on time. This was Nulisch's first disc as a band leader but he was not a newcomer to the blues scene having had a long relationship playing with Anson Funderburg, and a short stint with Ronnie Earl. The songs are mostly originals and are very well crafted and soulful. One track in particular,Orange Soda  really showcases Nulisch's Harp chops and is in the Little Walter Jacobs style. I have always felt that Nulisch has been a bit short changed by the blues press on how great of a harmonica player he is and this recording shows just how good he is on his instrument.  I really feel that all lovers of blues music should have this record in their collection. This is a testament to how good modern blues can be. great vocals, a tight band ,and soulful songs. what more could you ask for! I actually wore out my first disc of this fine music and was grateful that Amazon had this recording in stock. If you don't have it buy it. You won't be sorry.
Anyone familiar with John Mayall knows the story. He's the "Godfather of the British Blues," the man who offered a "finishing school" in Traditional Blues 101 to the likes of Eric Clapton, Peter Green, and Mick Taylor.After "the big three" passed through his gates, Mayall explored a number of different directions, including his "band without a drummer" onUSA Union, and explorations into a blues-jazz fusion. Along the way he did a reunion concert with Taylor and then the inevitable happened. Mayall formed a new "Bluesbreakers" unit with the emphasis on heavy, structured guitar solos. Initially it featured the twin lead guitars of Coco Montoya and Walter Trout on albums likeChicago Line. By 1993 andWake Up Call, Trout had left to form his own band, leaving Montoya as the single axeman (Mayall plays guitar as well, but it's never been his strong suit). OnSpinning Coin, released in 1995, Montoya had left as well and Buddy Whittington...still with Mayall in the present day...took over guitar duties.The sound on "Power of the Blues 2" is atypical Mayall...fat, loud, ruthless, assertive. After years of living in the shadow of a world he helped create, Mayall was front and center once again with a BLUES band, a BLUES GUITAR band, and he (as well as the other players) was clearly loving every minute of it. Good luck finding any liner notes or track data, but rest assured...it's prime Montoya-era Mayall.Many of the tracks stretch out to six minutes and beyond. No one's in a hurry...everyone gets a turn, and the transitions are seamless. This is killer stuff, and it's an album that you need t own. Right now.
This is not live - It's the studio recording of John Mayall & The Bluesbreakers titled "Chicago Line (1990). It has a young Coco Montoya and Walter Trout on guitars. And it is simply a fantastic Mayall recording; certainly for it's raw, bold sound and its level of execution. One Of Mayall's finest efforts and a "must have" blues recording!! RH
Great music from the legendary Three Degrees.  Val, Helen and Viki did a great job with the vocals and they look late80's cool.  They were and are all beautiful women.  Viki Wallace still records did a great track just this year.  Val and Helen still pleasing audiences with their beautiful and mature vocals today.  Great buy for any 3D fan.
An underestimated album, released in 1986. Huge bass-lines with an electro touch, which sounds great today. Listen to it and ask for a CD release !
Listening to the samples. I; realized this is" Bad Enuff"; released. That; I used to have the vinyl, too. It's missing the metal funk cut; only. That I re-mixed the guitar and bass solo; to 20 mins. Back in 1983. I plan on gettin; this cut cause, this is the only version of " Bad Enuff" I plan on on getting all the Slave, I can get my hands on. My little daughter; even knows about Slave. Well, I have to thump my bass,pull the strings,pop the strings, tear the strings off my bass, for Mark Adams and Mark Hicks=R.I.P.; Now that I know it's on cd-r. That's cool.
I don't get rap. I don't get the simple minded crap from people like Bieber either. I'm an old guy./  Songs like First Cut say something beautiful perfectly.  Her voice can't be compared to anything in current music.
A MUST for any hard core Sweet fan. Been a fan for 40 years and this CD had versions of all Sweet's hits that I never heard before.
Like every bit of her music.  Brings back memories of some of the Betty Wrights and others.  Recommend to anybody who loves soul.
This artist is an awesome singer, I was totally surprised by the number of really nice  tracks on each album. I ended up purchasing all albums by this artist.
His words in song strike deep and the truth flows through out each song.Thought provoking with sense of get and have yourself together  for the days ahead!
This is a Great album with a mix of genres.The menu of selections provides great food for listening.Fine Dining for the soul!
This is my first time downloading music. I could not find this cd anywhere but online. This is a great cd and the artist is old school.
any  escort real fans this is the one smooth lot of memories can play all night long love it really
YES I LOVE IT, GREW UP TO THIS ONE & SANG IT OFTEN. WHO KNEW I'D BE SO HAPPY. BIG SMILES.
I looked for years for a compilation on cd to replace the albums that I had to relinquish due to the wife (lack of space}. I gave up years ago. I stumbled on this by accident and man am I glad I did.. Took me right back to my youth and it introduced my friends to a group that stood that stood alongside the best in this genre (Stylistics, Chi Lites, Blue Magic). CLASSIC
We listen to this and relive another time in real time! Growing up with this music was truly a unique experience.
This is one of the best cds I've bought. I didnt realize how much I liked Barbara Mason until I heard this cd
Loved her when I was much younger and love enjoying the ballards today. Anyone who is from the baby-boomer generation can appreciate this album.
Old but goodie she's the best this album is still selling but it.
The CD was simply awesome from track 1 to track 20.Some songs were unfamiliar but they still were thetypical songs one would expect from Barbara Mason.I highly recommend this CD for purchase by anyone wholike to listen to good soulful music.
Used a couple of the songs on this album in my wedding reception music. Her music really fit for us.
For anyone that follows Southern 60's music this is a must have album. Thoroughly enjoyed it from the first to last song.
I used to steal my father's copy of the record when I was a kid.  I love Bobbie Gentry's gritty, raw country voice on this disc.  It includes 'Ode to Billie Joe' one of her best known songs but my favorites are the fun titles 'Lazy Willy', "Bugs" and 'Nicky Hoekey', with my aboslute favorite being 'Hurry Tuesday's Child'.  I adore the tone of 'Poppa, Won't You (Let Me Go Town with You' and 'Sunday best'.  I don't think there's a bad song in the mix. I am biased, I still have dad's LP and now the MP3!
My father bough this album "Ode to Billy Joe Old to Billy Joe back in 1967 and this album is one that I was always looking for which I just purchased from Amazon. There is a certain smoky quality that certainly personifies Bobby Gentry. One particular song really tugs at my heartstrings and that "Hurry Tuesday Child". Which the vibes, Harmonica, brass and orchestration, this is my favorite cut in this debut album. Too bad it didn't receive the airplay it deserved because "Hurry Tuesday Child" is an incredibly beautiful song.
Rachel Brown's "Love, Life and Relationships" is a songstress delight, her vocal styles echo Mariah Carey and Heather Headley, and yet she has her own way of blasting out her melodies! I started my listening with her cover of "Don't Ask My Neighbor" She does a great job, adding her own twist and lyrics, a haunting reminder of The Emotions, but smooth and funky enough for me to put it on repeat! This fourteen track Cd has enough great music for those who are in love, want to be in love, and have fallen out of love. Her voice is good, the songs are great! My picks are tracks "2. Rise Again, 12. Promise of Love, 4. Don't Ask My Neighbor, and track 15. Let's Fall in Love again" [...]Enjoy, you'll like what you hear!Iris Smith- Media Consultant, Reviewer for Soul-Patrol and COPE
At last my search was over.  When I heard Promise of Love, I couldn't have been a happier bride.  The music and the words were just perfect.  It really expressed our true feelings toward each other. I highly recommend Promise of Love as a must have for one of your musical selections. I have received so many compliments from my guest about the song.  The only thing that could have been better, is if I had Rachel and Reno there to sing live.  Rachel, I love your CD and as you sing about on Track 11-we Made it Official.  I PRAY you have much Success!
Rachel Brown's first CD is truly worth the wait.  After buying her single a couple of months ago, my anticipations has been building.  Every song brings a message, which is rare in this day and age of sex and the bump and grind.  "Learn To Love Me" is my new anthem.  "Just A Girl" is smooth and funny...the whole album flows excellent from the first song to the last.  Buy it immediately!  You won't regret it.
I have had the honor of having Susaye on our [...] show and was taken by her career and all that she is doing now. I had heard "Free" song at my home country in Brazil and had of course heard of Ray Charles' Raelettes, Michael Jackson's "I can't help it" song... but had no idea Susaye Greene was involved in all these projects. Her talent is something to be reckoned with and there is so much more to come from this beautiful voice. Looking forward to her new CD, and her collaborations as a graphic artist with James Bartling and Kim Carlsberg and to continue following her career. I am very proud of her accomplishments!
Funkiest song of all time-Escapisim.Improvised groove that goes for 20 minutes. You can't help but Bob your head and make the funk face!
this is a great album but I have come to expect nothing less from Big Mama Thornton every album I have heard from here is awesome and this is no exception do yourself a favor and go get this album you will not be dissapointed
I had this Album once before and being able to get the digital version was the best. This is a hard to find album, but was easy to get from Amazon.
True musicianship at its best.  On many of the gospel cuts Preston is playing piano, drums and organ talent at its best for the time period.  Where are the true keyboardist, musicians without all the flash.
Recorded early in his career (1965) after he had already worked with Little Richard and Sam Cooke as a teenager, but before joining Ray Charles band and going on to a significant role with the Beatles and just about every successful pop/rock/gospel group/artist you can think of, Billy Preston signed with VJ Records and made this astounding all instrumental group of recordings (including the album The Most Exciting Organ Ever that reached #5 on the R&B Charts). It's some of the very best and most creative funk and gospel organ playing i have ever heard.
Lola is phenomenal!!  I stumbled on her way back in 2003 and have been hooked ever since!  Lola takes a song and OWNS it! This CD is fabulous, I love every single cut, haven't determined a favorite quite yet, though I'm partial to Ties that Bind.  If you go to Atlanta or she's touring in a city near you, do yourself a favor, and see her live it will be an experience you will never forget!! Lola is a real diamond that just get brighter & brighter!  Gift yourself and a friend this CD, you won't be disappointed.
You may not know this lady but you should. This is one of the best soul/blues cds of 2007. Her voice is strong, clear, defiant, soulful, bluesy, sweet as honey,  and always gets to the meat of a song. There are hints of Etta James and Whitney Houston, but then again she is uniquely Lola. This is a strong collection of soul, southern soul and blues. Some highlight are The Blues Chose Me, I've Got Feet, Let's Call it a Night, Wash Hands, and more. I have to say I have a weakness for her ballsy, defiant songs, but she croons a few romantic tunes that will make you feel like a hot buttered biscuit. Take note, Lola has arrived, and if there is any justice in this music business she will have staying power. The legendary William Bell produced this CD and does a very nice duet with Lola. I had to order another CD for one lucky friend of mine.
If you're looking for a soulful sound from a great blues singer, this is the CD!  I've had the fortune of seeing Lola perform live and can attest to the fact that the CD and her live performance are both quite enjoyable.  She's a rare new artist who's live sound equals that on the CD which means the girl can "saaaanng!".  Some of my favorites include I Got Feet, I Can't See Myself and Wash Your Hands - - but the entire CD is awesome!
Kate's voice is very pure and soft. The music that she play is slow and beautiful. It's just that great. The entire album is enjoyable. A couple highlight songs that I like are 'It's never over', 'June Bug', 'Holes in my Jacket'.I highly recommend this album to those who like Tori Amos.
It's amazing the Kate could create an album of this maturity and beauty in her early 20s. Although Tim's House and Light & Dark are wonderful, this is my favorite of her albums to date.
This album is an old school funk party with some of the masters of this game at work.  The band is tight and the Detroit crowd is live, live, live.  Includes favorites from the BarKays, the SOS band, a tribute to Roger and the incomparable Charlie Wilson who by far steals the show with the GAP band.  Once you put this in, make sure you have a nice long drive to take because you won't want to get out of the car.  Turn it up loud and show you are a true Old School Funkadeer!
Some of the best voices around!  This CD surprised me:  Eclectic indeed, yet connected by the singular positive vibe and intelligence of the lyrics, and most especially by the superb vocals delivered from some of the most preeminent and talented women around.  You will listen to these songs and think, be inspired, make great memories and feel uplifted immediately.  I like the contemporary and calm style of the whole collection.  From Dianne Reeves' &#34;Tesify&#34; and Fertile Ground's &#34;Broken Branches,&#34; which made me think deeply, all the way to old favorites, including Angela Bofill's &#34;Under the Moon and Over the Sky&#34; and India.Arie's &#34;Strength Courage and Wisdom,&#34; I found myself smiling to the beat and singing along.  I haven't found another collection like this; it is special and precious.  Enjoy!
I must say you don't find this type of cd by a a young male urban artist today. The cd tell the story of a relationship from beginning to end and all in between. Very good writing and production and Jua deserves to be up there with all the other great indie artist out there because the boy has talent. Higher, Free Fall, Dream, I need you will have you in a daze.
That old school sound that keeps me coming back.plus the download was quick and easy.clarity was excellent.clear and crisp.thank you.
I love this album. I wish he would do more live albums or dvds. He gives a great performance.  I have all his albums
I love this song "A Million Fish"!!This is a must have!!! It's a hit!!!
If nothing else, check out "I've got a feelin"You won't be disapointed
I love the Platters. They were popular when I was young!I would recommend it to anyone!It is great!
Every track on this album is a masterpiece. With the only one album, this band is Zeppelin-esque in that regard.
These guys have some sweet grooves. I listened to this album 10 times through on the first day. Nice work!
"Soul Dredging" is a number that will make you jack the volume and look into your soul. It's down tempo funky, uniquely crafted with appealing sounds that contrast with an underlying sense of dread due to the minor key. Somehow cosmic, a very cool tune, never get tired of this one!
I'm frankly perplexed that this guy hasn't taken off in the U.S. This album is excellent. If you like old Usher, Craig David, R.Kelly and all that, you probably won't have any complaints about this guy.
Wyclef put a lot of thought and love into this album. I love it!
I have loved his voice for years. The remake of this Dionne Warwick classic is so smooth and updated with a melodic bass in the backdrop. The back up singers are on it! WOW!!  He should do this more often, I would love to see what he does with some Marvin Gaye classics.  Anything nice and slow from Michael is AWESOME!  I love it!  For 99 cents, this is a steal!
A true pioneer in the European soul /RnB music scene. Brooke Russell sang many features, and collaborations with top international artists including Wyclef Jean (Fugees), Falco, Samy Deluxe, Stefan Raab, Walking Large, DCS, Eric D. Clark, Sharam Jey, Oleta Adams, Freundeskreis, Gentleman, Joy Denalane, George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic,she was also featured on the legendary  Ministry of Sound House compilation for her hit with the house duo Knee Deep with the single 'I won't let you down' and many many more. Check out her album debut from the year 2000' The Life I've been Looking for'. Hits such as Hotel California, No More, and her international top100 Billboard USA RnB chart hit, Spain top 40 smash single 'So Sweet'( still a hit in Japan)! Take a listen....
Listening to these records in the late 80's and early 90's, the songs were a household phenomenon. Unfortunately, this two volume set via mp3 download is missing one song to my knowledge, "Al Shlosha Devarim."Still, these classic songs still hold up quite well and I'd love to see them be re-mastered and remixed! :)
Benjamin Earl King "(born September 28, 1938), better known as Ben E. King, is an American soul singer. He is perhaps best known as the singer and co-composer of `Stand by Me,' a U.S. Top 10 hit in both 1961 and 1986 and a #1 hit in the UK in 1987, and as one of the principal lead singers of the R&B; vocal group The Drifters."These five songs performed by Ben E. King showcase his talent nicely. "Save the Last Dance for Me" was recorded when Ben E. King was working with The Drifters; Ben's voice is clearly in the spotlight but the other singers do a great job, too. "This Magic Moment" was very popular when it was first released; it remains a fine ballad to this day and just one listen will tell you why! "Don't Play That Song (You Lied)" is poignant; this gets the royal treatment from Ben E. King. "Stand By Me" was a huge success for Ben E. King; it was reissued in 1986 as the theme song to the movie of the same name--and thus a whole new generation was instantly introduced to the remarkable talent of Ben E. King! "Seven Letters" is both very well done and easy on the ear even if the lyrics aren't all that happy--and actually it leaves me wanting more!Ben E. King shared so much of his talent with us; and that's grand. Hopefully he will go on tour again; try to catch him in concert! I highly recommend his music.
This Duo have a great sound with smooth and pleasing music. I have enjoyed Womack and Womack for many years. This is a collection of songs that I can just sit back and enjoy listening to.
i'm not sure that this is dionne warwick's debut album but what a place to start a great career!the songs, highlighed by 'anyone who had a heart' and 'don't make me over' are some of the finest written in the 1960s.  the arrangements are tasteful and restrained yet full of the hanky-wringing emotion that made 1960s girl singer music so uniquely visceral.usually, after hearing the most famous songs on this album, a person may be through with it.  he or she is depriving themselves of some great listening and living through warwick's subdued yet emotionally vibrant interpretations of these songs.  'any old time of day' and 'mr. heartbreak' are wonderful and 'shall i tell her' has a sassy ann marie flip tossing beat, but the very best are 'oh lord, what are you doing to me?' and 'please make him love me'.  they may have unwieldy titles but they're great songs.  and warwick's smoky restraint on the first is a compliment to her unbridled cry of the heart on the latter.this is great music and a real gift to anyone that enjoys this particular style of 1960s pop!
Dionne Warwick Promises, Promises, Scepter label originally released December 1968.10 TRACKS5 TRACKS COMPOSED BY BURT BACHARACH & HAL DAVID(In alphabetical order)TRK# TITLE01 PROMISES. PROMISES02 THIS GIRL'S IN LOVE WITH YOU08 WANTING THINGS06 WHOEVER YOU ARE I LOVE YOU05 WHO IS GONNA LOVE ME5 TRACKS BY VARIOUS COMPOSERS(In alphabetical order)TRK# TITLE/COMPOSER03 LITTLE GREEN APPLES(Russell)09 LONELY IN MY HEART(Matz/Williams)07 WHERE AM I GOING(Fields/Coleman)04 WHERE IS LOVE(Fields/Coleman)10 YESTERDAY I HEARD THE RAIN(Manzanero/Lyes)TWO 45 SINGLESScepter 12231 PROMISES, PROMISES/WHOEVER I LOVE YOUReleased Oct. '68.Scepter 12241 THIS GIRL'S IN LOVE WITH YOU/DREAM SWEET DREAMERReleased Jan. '69.
Little Anthony and the Imperials were a doo-wop and soul group from the 50's and 60's and made their mark on RnB with trademark jams like "Tears On My Pillow."  That jam is one of my favorite soul jams of all time.  I love the true depth and emotion behind the tenor vocals.  It is also the perfect slower jam to cruise to in an old-school whip.  The harmony is awesome; what an alternative to the shallow club, "shake it girl, bump n grind" type of stuff on the radio today.  "Two People In The World" does the same thing for me.  The 2 jams were released around 1958-59, when doo-wop was at the peak of popularity.  A couple other jams here have a more upbeat vibe like the rock infused "I'm Alright" and the pop inflected "Shimmy Shimmy Ko-Ko-Bop," but for the most part, this collection shows their soulful side with emotionally drenched doo-wop jams perfect for complementing your love life, either the happy or heartbroken side of it.  I have an interesting side note, as a big fan of the Delfonics, a Philly Soul group from the late 60's thru the mid-70's,  the lead tenor and song writer William Hart was heavily influenced by and grew up listening to Little Anthony and the Imperials.  That is probably why there is the influence of doo-wop harmony in the Delfonics' early songs.  You can access that info on any reliable website or getting a greatest hits of the Delfonics with liner notes.
I have to be honest in admitting that I never gave Filipino artists much thought. But when I listened to Episode III, I started to wonder... "Why haven't these guys made it StateSide?" This album is packed with the kind of Soul that gives me goosebumps.
The first song I recall by the Spinners was &#34;It's A Shame&#34;. I was an adolescent at the time. In my teen years, that's when the Spinners released those timeless ballads. The one song I didn't have by the group was &#34;Easy Come, Easy Go&#34;. This completes my collection of Spinners music. This is a great CD by a great group.
I had this album when I was a teenager and still get goose bumps when I hear it. Ben E. King has a voice that just melts your heart. He doesn't get any better than Moon River and At Last. I can't find Moon River on any of his other albums. What a treasure.
Had this album years ago and recently heard her on the radio. It brought back memories of days gone by.
A long time ago when I was an undergraduate I heard a cut from this album, the Beatles song "And I Love Him," that had an amazing R&B voice singing.  In one section the the flute was imitating her voice.  She would sing or hum a wordless phrase then the flute would copy her.  I was blown away. I heard it late at night on a distant radio station that I could barely pick up on my radio from the top floor of my dorm. I was a man on a mission but it nevertheless took me several months to identify the singer and the album (there was no internet in those days.) I eventually added the record (yes it was that long ago) to my collection. The album did not disappoint and promptly became one of my favorites. It is a throwback to the times of distinctive voices singing with real emotion on tuneful songs. Like a time capsule it includes some of the hits of its day including the Beatles song and the country hit "Release me," but it also adds old chestnuts like "Cry Me a River" (as an uptempo blues burner,) "Making Whoopie", the R&B hit "Please Send Me Someone to Love" and a couple of others. All of them are done with a small, tight R&B group before an audience that remembers when the R&B legend Ms. Phillips was called "Little Esther." Its many jazz moments, Esther's voice and style make these one-of-a-kind versions of these songs no matter how many times you've heard them before. She put out a few records later (the Alone Again Naturally album is pretty good) though they tended to be over-produced with background singers and strings. She was eventually caught up in the disco phenomenon hoping her records would sell for this new audience (you can check out "What a Difference A Day Makes" if you are interested.)  They didn't.  In my many moves since then the record was eventually lost and other matters made me forget it. Then a few nights ago as I was thinking about what music I enjoyed at that time in my life I remembered this record.  Now with the internet and Amazon's huge catalog it has only taken me a few minutes to find it.  Even better it was also available as MP3's for about the same the price I paid for it as an LP. Listening to it again has been a pleasure.  It presents Esther Phillips' talents in an uncluttered setting and they were immense. This is a classic live album and one I would put among my all time favorites.
You will probably think the title of this review is an overstatement,  but once you hear the music you'll change your mind.  BB King said "Little Buster is the only one who can fill my shoes."  Buster does things with his voice that most recognized greats only wish they could do, and his guitar playing is at once biting and subtle.  I've seen Buster live and this recording captures the excitement that he generated every time.  There are shades of BB King's classic "Live At The Regal".  Do yourself a favor.  Download this music and get Busterized!
I had the opportunity to see LaSonya Gunter perform at 1515 Broadway in Detroit. She has a great voice and an uncanning stage presence. I loved this entire album but if I had to choose two favorites they would be "This is How We Livin" and "Endlessly".  I recommend this album to anyone who loves good music. I promise, you will not be disappointed.
great way to find those hard to find songs without having to buy a bunch of albums with songs you dont want.
Ms. Alther Rene plays the flute very good. The CD is put together great.
Nice to know Artist are not afraid to tell it like it is....as with Nadirah's song "Break Away".
Was at the original recording for this project and words cant even explain the atmosphere and the spirit of everyone that attended the recording..the cd is awesome and i know it wont stay local.."Wonderful" is my favorite, the words are simple, yet strong and is perfect for praise and worship or someone going through a season change..that track has been a blessing to my spirit.
Was surprised at how good this album is. Saw this guy with the Mississippi Mass Choir & on Sunday Best. Favorite tracks are &#34;Welcome&#34; & &#34;Praying in the Spirit&#34;. You will not be disappointed if you buy. Nice mix of praise & worship music. This guy is the real deal
Mostly lesser known artists on this compilation. HOWEVER, these artists are better than most well known artists. Good blend of R&B and Rock tunes. If you are into what South Carolinians call "Beach Music" you will also enjoy this. Afterall, it does have Virginia Beach's Bill Deal and the Rhondells on here. Great feel good music for folks that don't like listening to cruddy music much like what is dominating today's airwaves.
Too bad these cats never made it big; one of the best groups ever but there was a time when east and west, especially east hated on southern music explicitly and look what it got them, a bunch of Lil' Wayne's. Street Military give them just one more hit. Ya'll don't know what you are missing. A necessary cog missing in the failing rap game
I grew up on listining to Street Military.Very hard to find album . Classic music  . Free Pharoah of Street Military
This entire CD is awesome! even the ones that don't get airplay; I don't know why? "You Ring My Bell"!
Brought this because it was a good price and it brought back memories. So i would recommend it it you wish the same. I sure you will be glad if you did.
Barbara Lewis (born February 9, 1943) is an American singer and songwriter;" she sounds just great on these tracks. Indeed, there isn't a bad song in the lot here; this music is all THAT good and Barbara's songs are still played on the radio.Barbara really had a hit with "Hello, Stranger," a tune she wrote herself for her first record album. "Hello, Stranger" was a huge hit for Barbara both on the R&B; and pop charts; just one listen will tell you why! The organ is nicely used in the musical arrangement which fits in perfectly with Barbara's vocals--terrific! "Puppy Love" is catchy and Barbara performs this as effortlessly as if it were mere breathing; this nicely showcases her natural talent and I'm very impressed. "Snap Your Fingers" is one of the best tunes I've ever heard; and "Baby, I'm Yours" written by Van McCoy couldn't have been done any better than the way Barbara Lewis does it here! The fine albeit brief track set ends with Barbara performing "Make Me Your Baby." "Make Me Your Baby" by Helen Miller and Roger Atkins gets a fine treatment by Barbara who makes this her own using her excellent diction, keen sense of timing and sophisticated phrasing.Anyone who is a fan of Barbara's will want to make sure they have all of these songs already in their collection; if not, they can just download them here! This track set also makes a fine introduction for newcomers just discovering the magical artistry of Barbara Lewis.
Terrific distillation of some of Barbara Lewis' best-loved songs from the 60's. As good now as they were when issued, very listenable and nostalgic grouping.
Roberta Flack (born on February 10, 1939) "is an American singer, songwriter, and musician who is notable for jazz, soul, R&B;, and folk music. Roberta Flack is best known for her Hot 100 #1 singles `The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face,' `Killing Me Softly with His Song' and `Feel Like Makin' Love,' as well as `Where Is the Love,' (one of her duets) with Donny Hathaway. `The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face' won the 1973 Grammy Record of the Year and `Killing Me Softly with His Song' won the same award at the Grammy Awards of 1974. She and U2 are the only artists to win the award in consecutive years."These tracks display Roberta's talent very nicely. "Feel Like Makin' Love" is so easy on the ear; Roberta's voice is as smooth as silk and she was born to sing songs like this! The musical arrangement fits in perfectly with her vocals and it all holds its own very well for this memorable love song. "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" is hauntingly beautiful; Roberta Flack performs this with great sensitivity and no one will ever make this sound as beautiful as Roberta does! "Killing Me Softly with His Song" is another stunning number I could never forget; Roberta never lets go of a single superfluous note. Indeed, "The First Time Ever I saw Your Face" and "Killing Me Softly with His Song" are little masterpieces."I'm The One" has a fine melody and Roberta performs this with panache! "Where Is the Love" features Roberta Flack doing one of her excellent duets with Donny Hathaway; she sings so beautifully and together with Donny they make this quite a number.Fans of Roberta probably have these songs already; I think these songs are best suited toward a casual fan or a newcomer just discovering her artistry. I highly recommend this music.
Absolutely Inspirational! Love listening to EVERY SONG!!!  I love everything about it, the lyrics, the beats, my only complaint is there isn't another album by this group for me to purchase!!
Every song on this CD is very unique.  John has a great sound, and the lyrics are easy to relate too.  Hoping for a new CD soon!!!!
I love contemporary gospel music so when I heard a cut from this cd and after listening to the samples, I knew I must buy it!
Before she "made the band," she released this album. It's a great CD for any real fan. Even if you're not a fan now, you will be!Dawn, I'm SO proud of how far you've come! Much love from Philly!
I bought this album for my wife as a gift and we both can't stop listening to it.  Incredible music, singing and lyrics.
In book #1, Haylee's Treasure, there's a page called "Seney Stretch Symphonies" that gives the young reader (yes, that's you,) a few tunes to accompany "The Drive" on M-28; since it can be dragging, especially, without good music (at least from the Bridge to Munising).The song "Shoreline" by (Daisy) May Erlewine Bernard is perfectly and uniquely, Pictured Rocks (National) Lake Shore.Who, besides me, has danced there i.e. on the shores of Pictured Rocks, or anywhere along the edges of Superior for that matter? Have you seen her dressed in red and gold? One minute, the shoreline is a woman, the next, a dance hall, then a play. This song etches your soul.  It is communal evolution; a child one minute and a lady the next. In Shoreline, Daisy May reminds us: everything will be okay, we can fail, we aren't alone, and things do workout.27 days to go...See link below:[...]Reference Links:[...]
it is so easy to listen too, every time I hear it I hear something new. never can say goodbye is he story of my life..
This one of the best products of the year.  The tunes are very diverse, and there is not a single &quot;throw away cut&quot; on the CD. If you like nice melodic arrangements and a perfect scycopation of horns, guitars and keyboards, don't miss out on this one.
Solid performances of songs that I love.Probobly my favorite cd by Bob. Could'nt find the cd so I got the download.  Highy recommended
I bought this Jazz CD as a gift to my Son. Bob Baldwin.comis really good stuff.&#34;  the music just soars. Featuring Chuck Loeb,Gerald Albright .This Jazz CD is a positive energy, spread joyAll track is tribute to Grover Washington JR.
This may be Baldwins most expansive work.  I enjoyed this CD very much.  Guest that hear this CD inquire as to the artist and are impressed with the style and power.  Looking forward to his follow up.
I got this album on its initial release in 2000 and still say its his best release to date , not only does bob play flawlessly the album also features guest artists gerald albright , tom browne , dean james and the Magnificent Marion Meadows.Still sounds as tough today as it did 7 years ago and not surprisinly reissued in 2006.
I love this CD! I have been listening to it for the last 48-72 hours. In my opinion, the overall tone of this CD is close to a &quot;smooth-groovin'-funk&quot;. Hopefully this makes sense to someone else besides me. But seriously, this is a &quot;must have&quot; for any jazz lovers collection. Enjoy!
I have been a Bob Baldwin fan since his release &quot;Reflections of Love.&quot; I borrowed this cd from someone and they'll be extremely fortunate if they actually get it back. I was intrigued that someone actually took a chance and did a remake of &quot;Jamaica Funk&quot;, by and featuring, yes, Tom Browne.  It is definitely on point!  It also features one of my personal favorites, Gerald Albright, and Marion Meadows.  I am one who is usually of the opinion that people should leave well enough alone.  But not in this instance! His remakes of &quot;Never Can Say Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Back at One&quot; and &quot;I Wish&quot; by Carl Thomas are equally as beautiful. The cd has a virtual who's who of today's best smooth jazz artists including the people mentioned above, Chuck Loeb and Dean James.  Armstead Christian a very talented vocalist in his own right does an extraordinary job on a piece titled, &quot;Being With You.&quot;  I really hope people will get behind this project and support it.  It is an excellent cd and most definitely worth the extra effort that may be involved in trying to locate it.  Also recommended are the cd mentioned above and &quot;Cool Breeze.&quot; This is an excellent addition to your smooth jazz collection.  Enjoy!
Bob Baldwin is not one of the well known artist but he is one of the best. I purchased this CD previously and wore it out. I had to get the MP3 so I wouldn't wear this one out too. I loved it from the first track. The entire CD is awesome. This led me to check out his other music and now I am his #1 fan. He is great.!!! I now own everything he has made.
Bob Baldwin does it again as he have for years.By the end of next week I will have all of his CD's.I love his music especially when he adds "Will Downing" to add flavor!Thank you!Ms. Wanda
if you are a fan of 70's soul,then you cannot let this one slip by! I've known about The Delfonics for years! But i didn't really get into them until the Quentin Tarantino film &#34;Jackie Brown&#34; came out! This band really jams! And with this particular CD,I have to assume it's been re-mastered,because it sounds awesome in my car!! Which shouldn't be taken for granted! i have bought CDs in the past from the 70's and they still sound like I'm using 70's speakers! But not this one! All of the bass comes through,as well as their harmony. i don't know why I chose this particular CD,but this is it!! And for this price,you can't go wrong! Buy it today!!
Enjoyed this CD from start to finish. Memories of the late 60s, early 70s sounds the soothe the soul and made you want to be in love, if not already in LOVE with someone. It was a shame that the two brothers could not get along long enough to write more classic hits.
Great great memories!I saw these guys at Gaslight Square  in St Louis ( really) in 1968. They were Platinum and Golden even then!!!
this is a bit before my time, growing up my parents played a lot of rock & pop. as a teen aerosmith and van halen were big, then came the heavy metal phase of guns n roses and metallica. (yes, my hair was BIG) Despite that being the "cool" music of the time that my friends were into, I had always secretly listened to a variety of different music (rock, pop, punk, blues, motown, you name it)  But for some reason i was relatively unexposed to the delfonics music prior to the movie jackie brown coming out. I'm so glad that it featured the delfonics music and exposed me to more of their wonderful melodies. It sparked an immediate interest in them, i went to the store & bought up what i could find.  i have since been a big fan and get excited whenever i hear one of their songs playing.  their sound is smooth and mellow yet stirring at the same time.  it settles deep into to your mind & ferments, getting better & better each year  :)
I  thought I ordered the platinum collection and I never received it, I guess it was a hot item and every one like it as well as me.
I've been a follower of Tower of power since they were called East Bay Grease. This is one of my favorite albums where the lead singers was McGee. I wish he could have lasted longer. Good stuff!
Also had this when I was in the military and it got misplaced.  It a great CD and the Jones Girls are really great.  I have always loved three part harmonies and this group delivers.
I Have this music on wax. But had to get it in the digital format. This music brings me so many memories I can't even discribe. First of all The music came out the summer I was entering college. I bought my first stereo receiver, turntable and speakers that summer. And the first record I played on that stereo was this album. I wanted to here this great music playing and testing the fidelity of that new stereo. And I must say I was blown away. This is a Philly International joint so yall know you got MSFB backing this great group up. Check it out yall. You will not be sorry.
I am so glad I found this album, I grew up listening to album. Once again a great purchase I dont regret buying.
Identify Yourself is one of those albums you could play just one side, sigh with satisfaction, and then play the other side.  That was back in the vinyl days.  Now you can just run it through, again and again, and be thrilled that someone cared so much for their craft that they produced this album.
Although the format didnt work with my pc very well the songs are amazing and a joy for anyone to have in their listening collection.
This collection of B-Sides is truly necessary to get a completist mindset of the talents and versatility of Amy Winehouse.  Tha album BACK TO BLACK was definitely a concept album about love and relationships and these cuts didn't blend in well or truly fit the concept of what did make the album.  But it in no way means these songs aren't superb and worthy.  Most importantly we have VALERIE which was a huge hit in the UK.  Producer Mark Ronson asked Amy to collaborate with him on it and it appears on his cd but no other Winehouse cd.  A true find.  CUPID is a great soulful version of a classic song.  With MONKEY MAN and HEY LITTLE RICH GIRL Amy has great fun with her band and backup singers to great results.  They are fun, uptempo tracks.  The Cuban styled YOU'RE WONDERING NOW shows yet another side of the versatility Amy possessed.The true standouts are the final 2 tracks.  Her rendering of TO KNOW HIM IS TO LOVE HIM will break your heart with its honesty.  And the final demo acoustic version of LOVE IS A LOSING GAME shows Amy's raw and strong talent without the production of a studio.  Instead you get her vocal talent, emotive ability and are left with a strong message of the true talent she possessed.  All these songs are in no way tracks left off for being sub-par but rather songs that just didn't quite fit.  Any Amy Winehouse fan will find them a definite necessity.  Highly recommend.
This collection really shows off Amy's stuff.  She's got the chops and is a pleasure to listen to.  She's got a musical sensitivity missing in so many of today's contemporary artists that makes listening to Amy feel like a breath of fresh air.I'm glad these B-Sides were released in this format and not buried.  Fans of Ms. Winehouse will appreciate this.
I absolutely love this CD.  I would say one of the top 10 Albums ever made.  Stunning. Epic. I cant think of more to say.
Amy sounds more alive on this cd. I would have skipped buying the original CD had I known about this B-Sides version. I never play the original anymore.
I was so glad to find this online--I finally got to hear Valerie, which I heard about but never got to hear her sing.  And on the other songs that were included, she sounded so wonderful.  I'm one fan who truly misses her.
I wish I could get it on CD Also!!! I would Hate to be with out my daily fix!!! Fabulous!!
I purchased "The B-sides" well over a year ago via amazon when Amy was very alive and well.I listened to it as much as I listened to Frank and Back to Black and it brought me just as much pleasure.To me, every song Amy has sung is worth being heard. Maybe you have to be the die hard fan to enjoy this or just good taste in music. That voice, that husky, raw, unearthly voice.It's hard to say what my favorite song was... the down tempo version of "Some Unholy War"... the funny but heartbreaking cover "Hey Little Rich Girl"... maybe her sweet, heartfelt cover of "Cupid"... or is it "Valerie" -the most popular of this disc, so no explanation necessary?  I always pictured her thinking of her Blake as she recorded "To Know Him is to Love Him".  Like him or not, you can here her love for her man in that song.I just know I enjoyed them all. If you love Amy's voice, you will too.There's lots and lots here to appreciate in these songs.
I was wow by Amy singing, she was so good and bad,but so good again. Love R&B and soul here on Back To Black B-Sides.Angel voice. 5 stars.I'am going to miss her so much. All the music is more than great sound that move you so, "Back To Black B-Sides.
This is the only Winehouse work that I've purchased.  Really haven't heard much of her until I checked out a video performance of &#34;Monkey Man&#34; which blew me away.  She knew her way around ska.  And soul too.  She does an excellent take on Sam Cooke's &#34;Cupid&#34;.  &#34;Valerie&#34; is great, as is the entire EP.  Now I have to check out some of her other recordings.
wow.  boy do i miss amy winehouse's voice and songwriting.  i feel like everything she touches is gold.  her voice shows so much emotion and character.  and her songwriting skills are great.  her songs are always catchy (although the lyrics... lol!!).  if you don't already have this bonus cd with the additional songs, you should seriously consider getting it because she's obviously never going to put out any more music.  and well... the songs are good.  there's nothing to complain about here!  yes, i'm a crazy amy winehouse fan, but if the songs were truly awful, i'd still admit to disliking it.
some great stuff here. it's more in the vein of "frank", and less in the "back in black" vein. amy is younger, and in some songs she sounds like she is "trying" to be a jazz singer. this is still good stuff, but some of the performances of the songs are not as deeply individual as the "b to b" era. her phrasing in the "b-sides" is mostly wonderful, if a bit more derivative of jazz singers and scat singers she heard from records. don't let that stop you from getting these songs.....they belong in your amy winehouse collection, by all means.there are some videos of amy performing this material, and they are worth seeking out. i find it always interesting to hear a variation of a hit, as in her different than the one we know take of "love is a losing game", one of amy's greatest songs. and the alternate take on "valerie" is not my very favorite, but it's still wonderful. her singing and the orchestration on "monkey man" makes me wish she had recorded more reggae....this genre fits her so well.with amy gone, there are not that many options to get fresh material, until a new compilation is released, as i hope it will, someday soon. i recommend "lioness" if you don't already have it. it's wonderful.
I first heard this CD a few years ago but never thought I would find it again.  Juice is very talented and I would recommend this CD to everyone.  It's REAL MUSIC and not this crap they play today!!
Craig T. Cooper is a master at music production. This album is by far universal and is listened to and played at every occasion...thank you for this masterpiece!
i am glad there are artists out there that still believe in REAL MUSIC.......love this chick...wish i could find the cd to buy instead of just the mp3 downloads, but its worth it.....
This artist, this CD, the whole concept is off the hook! I love each of the stylistic influences that go into the making of this music individually, but never did I ever think that I would get to hear them so flawlessly united as a cohesive whole! A strong point could be made that most popular American music has the same roots and that despite how divergent they may seem. With that being the fact we should have been hearing music like this a long time ago. Until now I hadn't. I'll continue to support this artist and if anyone knows of any similar artists/music please let me know!
Although some of these songs are covers, The Firebirds put velocity and high energy into every single track. What great rhythm and sound these guys have. If you like Doo Wop, check out these songs, people! You will not be disappointed. The clarity is incredible, even in an MP3 format.ENJOY!!!
Great originals and right on covers! If we ever decided to visit the UK, we will book our trip around thier gigs!
MUlti-Instramentalis, vocalist..Sexy Sax. Smooth vocals..Great SongsFrom an extremely talented artist & producer..This is one for your collection
nice deal will do more 24/7
Best CD in this genre I've heard in quite a while.It deserves a listen.
This band is an old style funk band. I love listening to these guys and you get a lot of great music for a little money. If you like funk, buy this!!!
I've been looking for something like this for a long time.  This is an awesome album!
If you have ever been a Parliament Funkadelic fan, this offering is the one for you. This is Funkadelic guitarest Eddie Hazel's cousin. He sounds a whole lot like Eddie and the music is quite funky. 5 Stars !!!!!
This one Helluva Tribute to Eddie Hazel. Daryll Bell happen to be Eddie Hazel's cousin and ain't nothin' like family. He brings it on every track and he flat out can play. Reminded me so much of Eddie Hazel.Some of The best tracks are Children of The Night, D.B. Travel, Head To Toe Rock and Roll, Tribute to Eddie Hazel and Six Strings. If you remember the days of Red Hot Momma, this is a must for your collection.
With a voice as sultry and sensuous as any truly great R&B artist out there, I would like to introduce you to Sakai.  While searching for a different voice in the vast sea of vocal pretenders, I came upon this unique and refreshing voice and album.  I am also purchasing her second album  &#34;Dream Big&#34;  , simply because she truly has The Voice.  Check her out!  She is the real deal!
Excellent!  Powerful and moving.  I listen to it over and over.  It always brings a calm, quiet peace to my soul.
Here's another one that I just stumbled across while looking for something else on Amazon.  This is a very smooth jazz album that you can put on and listen to from beginning to end while you're relaxing, house-cleaning or whatever.  Very nice.
"On today's menu we will be serving you up some FUNK!" I love the delicious variety of r&b, soul and funk.
This Cd is a real mixture of reggae,,R&B;,pop and jazz a perfect recipe for a timeless album.Open Your Heart is my favourite song,it shows her range and vocals skills  that will blow you out of your mindThe second favourite is Love Me no More featuring Moese Angel her brother(R.I.P). A Sade-esque track, that has eventually burst out into a hardcore bridge.Take my word for it , this a great buy that allows you to take a break from mainstream reggae.Luv YA Luna!
Demien is one of the most innovative and talented artists to emerge on the music scene. He incorporates genius, creativity and quality from beginning to end that is second to none other than the musical genius which is Prince. Each song is a new and melodic adventure that satisfies the listener's musical appetite and leaves you wanting more. This is definitely a must have for all musical afficionados. I have been searching for this cd since purchasing DJ Jazzy Jeff's The Soul Mixtape experience and it has been out of stock or currently unavailable ever since! Thank God it is available through Amazon in the MP3 format. It is hard to choose a favorite song as they are all excellent. The lyrical content is perfectly intertwined with the music and it flows consistently from start to finish. I am certainly looking forward to any and all future projects as soon as they are released.
definitely god sent this talent..ive followed demien for years and was happy to find at least this one gem available..true artistry!
What can I say, it's Klashtorni. It is amazing that this artist is not as well known as I would have expected. Konstatin is great and I have bought all his cd's............I think! Anyway those available. I will be a fan from now on.
How can I describe this project from Zo!? In one word...Perfect. He takes all of the elements of Jazz and fuses them with the basslines that one would find on your personal favorite Hip Hop album. They come together so perfectly and blend to make a CD that can be put on repeat and listened to for days at a time. Good music never gets old and this is a album that will become more relevant as time goes forward. We will hear a lot more from Zo! in years to come on different major projects that will be sure to please the masses.
Love this band and love this album.  That said, they are better live and if they could capture that on a CD I'd give it 10 stars.
Salah has not only brought Gospel and G-Funk together into a annoited amalgamation of song, but has also put his heart and soul into the lyrics and vocals on this album.  This is a must have for anyone who loves Gospel music.
Don't let the previews fool you.  Go on youtube and check these dudes drop some of the dopest freestyles you will ever hear.  then you will come back and say why did they drop an album like this?  This album is tooooo exprimental for my taste- which can vary.  I actually bought 3 tracks but the whole album just didn't come together like Siamese twins.  I know for a fact that Wax and Herbal T (they are actually twin brothers!)  can drop a BETTER album than this.  They need to get together with EOM or another great producer and drop a REAL hip hop album and watch them take off.  Don't let their somewhat funny names fool you.... WAX and HERBAL T can probably out-rap and out-flow your favorite rapper.  I collect both mainstream and underground hip hop...these dudes are some really talented emcees.  Wax and Herbal T....  what is it gonna take for you guys to drop a 100% all hiphop album?
love his music smooth jazz is no#1 in my book of jazz looking forward to his next cd.will buy it.
Reminiscent of the sample-driven beats &agrave; la J Dilla and Madlib, Parisian beatmaker, Onra (Arnaud Bernard), explores the sounds of the Orient in his third full-length entitled Chinoiseries. Bernard traveled to Vietnam (his father's country of origin) a year prior to the release of the album where he collected old Chinese and Vietnamese vinyl records. Bringing the records back to France, he then fused the sampled sounds with Dilla-esque hip-hop beats, creating a tapestry of innovative sounds that encapsulates both Western and Eastern cultures. Inspired by the desire to create a meaningful soundtrack to his trip, Bernard states that he felt the urge to "do something" after meeting with a Vietnamese orphanage director . Since he felt most comfortable with the medium of music, he created Chinoiseries as a tribute to the children in the orphanage as well as his own heritage.The album starts off rather simple with a playful piano riff that eventually builds momentum and gets coupled with lush hip-hop beats and signatures. Entitled "Introduction," the opening track really eases us into the dusty world of an eclectic vinyl collection. The omnipresent dust crackle establishes the record's "found" aesthetic, which really brings to mind Madlib's Beat Konducta series and J Dilla's Donuts (2006), seminal records that epitomize the innovative pastiche genre of collected vintage vinyl samples. Onra creates a definite sense of collage and pastiche within Chinoisieries with 32 tracks that last for approximately one to two minutes. Although I really enjoy the music, I might have to say that the track titles are my favorite aspect of the record because they are incredibly witty and simply hilarious (e.g. "Phuoc Dat" and "Where's my Longan"). The tracks provide glimpses into a bygone era of Chinese and Vietnamese music that Bernard rediscovers whilst rummaging through old vinyl crates. There is a certain intricateness that pervades the album that is fabricated by the m&eacute;lange of old and new sounds, which proves to be a very pleasurable and rewarding listening experience. The concluding track "Hope" is the most saccharine of them all, evoking a sentiment of mawkish nostalgia that reminds us that we can only hope to "relive" Onra's trip by listening to the record once again."The Anthem" was used in a Coca-Cola commercial to promote the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Although there were some legal issues involved with the original 1970s Chinese sample, Coca-Cola hired a musicologist to "recreate" the original track in order to get it cleared for commercial use. Nevertheless, the use of "The Anthem" in the Coca-Cola adverts (albeit in an exploitive manner...Onra claims that he was only credited as a "co-writer" ) really reflects the hybrid nature of Chinoiseries as a record that effortlessly blends contrasting cultures and sounds. Chinoiseries presents a refreshing Eastern twist to hip-hop, manifesting the genre's flexible ability to continually reinvent itself. In this sense, Chinoiseries follows the Dada principle of "ready-made," creating something entirely new out of preexisting sounds and objects.
I own both Zen Blues Quartet CD's, and had to post a review. These guys deserve to be heard !! Guys that play with this much old-school passion and feeling are few in today's world of blues. John March has a unique guitar style that is truly his own. Carefully chosen notes, beautiful chord voicings, and never overplaying. He has surrounded himself with outstanding sidemen. Guys like Mike Finnegan and Steve Ferrone need no additional praise from me, they've established themselves as top guys for a reason, and they continue to prove it here. If you are a fan of "true blues" played with feeling, heart and soul, do yourself a favor: buy both of the ZBQ CD's. You won't be sorry ! I'm sure we'll hear plenty from these guys in the future.
It's so rare to hear a CD that FEELS as good as this does. This has that big, live, large studio production vibe that is so often missing today with the proliferation of home recording.  All the playing and vocals are top notch and the sound and songs compels you to listen all the way through. Just a great ride all the way and that's why I leave it in my car. "Again and Yet Again" is how I play it, over and over. I rotate it between the Electric Flag, Amy Winehouse,and BS&T.; It's my preventative/cure  for "road rage".I would actually pay to see this band! Maybe I'll get my chance at the Grammy Awards next year? Oh Yeah!
This CD is just chock-full of incredible performances...Especially John March who is in my opinion, an underrated guitar HERO!Oh, and one other thing...this CD SOUNDS awesome! BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT!
In an age where "downloading a song/single" has overtaken "listening to albums," along comes a CD that reminds us why albums are so great.  The 11 tracks on "Again and Yet Again" showcase fine musicianship and vocals, strong songwriting and arranging and great flow. Smokin' good horns lend some driving funk to this collection too.  The treatment of Steely Dan's "Reeling in the Years" is a revelation (and the subtle modulations in the vocal harmonies are quite tasty).  This is a band of monster players, stretching out and letting go.Plus, this an independent project.  Support Musicians, Buy Their Music!!  And when they come to your town, go see them live...Again and (yet) again...
Admittedly not a jazz connoisseur, I have just become enthralled with the music performed by the Zen Blues Quartet.  For me, it is a perfect combination of relaxation with tempo that helps me survive the morning commute!  I can't recommend this album enough.  - Dave D.
A big tight sound in infinite space poised on the precipice of the groove. Fat harmonic brass with hints of of the old school, intriguingly original blues and elemental vocals. I was taken with the first CD, and this second, new effort moves in new blues polarities. A compassionate universe.
You've got to do yourselves a favor and listen to this band!  They really groove!
This CD is a must buy. Great blues, grease, and MORE. fine musicianship and some very hip workups of some classics.
There's some good modern blues out there that I hear on satellite radio; it's not as wonderfully rough as the older stuff but often enough it's tough enough and then there's these guys. Where the hell did this stuff come from? I'm told that Mike Finnegan's been around a while, and he may be the greatest soul singer alive, and that's reason enough for anyone to buy this indie CD, but that's just the start. The songs are great, originals or oldies, not a boring word on there coming from young Mike's throat. And the guitar work is barely controlled fury and the organ solos are sublime, and then there's a world class rhythm section, and then some horn section, and chicks, and, what else do you want? The new version of Steely Dan's Reelin' in the Years is a stroke of gospelized genius.This is real hard core music for whatever party you want to live in. If you have the blues, this record will tickle them while slitting their throat.
This is a really great cd; lots of nice tunes here, good guitar work. I highly recommend it if you like the blues...
This was a CD that I had before it was destroyed in a fire.  One source wanted way too much for me to buy it again.  Thank goodness that I found it through you and it's back among my possessions.  I love the video segment.  This is my FAVORITE John Legend song. Thanks again.
These guys are great!  Kings of Doo Wapp- Bobby Z is KIller! Hope they get back out on the road for Summer 2014 Tour!
Kim is fresh, sings with her passions worn proudly. I enjoy Kim's music anytime. This and all Kim's music runs through my sole. I always feel great when hearing her sing.
His second solo outing, St. Paul, aka Paul Peterson, is a quantum shift from his debut self-titled album, but no less powerful.  The former keyboardist for The Time, and frontman for the group the Family, has kept himself busy since then with music, whether it be producing, engineering, or bolstering the budding music careers of his daughters, The Peterson Girls.In this album, more guitars and decidedly awesome vocals permeate throughout each track.  This is a must-buy, whether you're into the Minneapolis sound or just like great music, you won't be disappointed by this second outing.
I've been a fan of Mike Barfield and The Hollisters since 1995 and I showed up at every show with skeptics who turned into rabid fans. The first question out of everyone's mouth was always, "Why isn't this guy famous?". I'm still wondering that today. Mike has a great voice and is a supreme showman. Not only are the songs chock full of infectious hooks but they are burned on your brain after one listen. I feel like this is my little secret and I'm being selfish not telling the world how great a musician Barfield is and how much fun it is to watch him perform. This album is funky and fantastic and I was pleasantly surprised the first time I gave it a listen. His other bands are traditional country, retro country and americana but different than what you expect. Different in a good way. If you greet him after a show he is gracious and unassuming and thanks you for coming to his show.I recommend buying all the Hollisters CD's and if you want to see him live Mike is in a band called The Stone River Boys. I'm not much of a fan of the other guy that sings but I LOVE all the songs performed by Mike. Check out Mike Barfield, The Hollisters, The Stone River Boys all on Facebook, MySpace and all have their own websites. Please ask him to make more CD's and make more songs available on here and iTunes in mp3 format.Mike, put some more CD's on here for sale!! Every time I buy some I wind up giving them away to your new fans.
A GORGEOUS SOUND ESPECIALLY BERMUDA WATERS, HOPE SHE MAKES MORE SMOOTH JAZZ, I LOVE THE BACKGROUND JAZZ ON HER CD
While there is some singing on this album, this is a spoken word CD.  Shanelle is a poet from New York, and a great poet at that.  I thoroughly enjoyed the CD.  This CD is not for little kids.  I'd say most of the CD is appropriate for college aged people and older.The CD opens with "A Message to My Girls" which charges young girls to "keep your head up and your skirts down."  "She Had Everything" is about a girl Shanelle went to high school with who she wanted to be so badly because of her popularity, the guys, etc.  However this girl had her own set of issues.  The grass always seems greener on the other side of the fence.In the title track, "Start Something," she's bragging on herself a bit.  Also she tells us why she writes poetry.  She even touches on issues in society and things she doesn't like about some people who take up spoken word (no name dropping, she's being general.  That one part about the stuff she doesn't like in the world of poets and poetry kinda reminds me of a spoken word version of "Superstar" by Lauryn Hill).She her poems about relationships range from legit relationships to being the other woman.  "The Reasons I Love You" is one of my favorite poems on the CD.  It's her telling her boyfriend that they're total opposites, she can't stand him, but she loves him.  It's quite funny.  ^_^  Conversely "The Other Woman" is one of my least favorite poems on the CD because it actually make me mad.  If anything that shows that the poetry is doing what it's supposed to do; it's supposed to make you feel something.  "Permanent Imprint" is about a man who was spoiled by his mother and by his girlfriends, "...so the seeds of responsibility and maturity were never sown".  The poem shows how this had affected his life."Games" is based on a true story about lust and STDs.  A young man cheats on his girlfriend with a young woman, loses the condom, contracts an STD and thinks he unwittingly gave it to his girlfriend.  However he confesses, makes it seems like her fault and then she confesses to cheating.  At the end she asks the audience what if the disease was AIDS?  She also asks the audience to choose monogamy or celibacy.Another one of my favorite poems is "I Feel Like Going On".  It starts out with Shanelle singing the old song "I Feel Like Going On".  The poem's about being the person God called her and us to be.  She's also promotes God through out this poem.Shanelle also sings on "Open Like That", "Start Something", and "Possibilities" but all of these tracks are mostly spoken word.If you like spoken words, but you pass up the opportunity to get this CD, then you're truly missing out.  Even though I didn't write about every track on this CD every track is very well written and very well performed.  You could sit back, put your headphones on, close your eyes, and imagine the story unfolding as she recites her poetry. I can't wait until I get the chance to see her live.  The whole CD is powerful, so seeing her live is probably awe inspiring!
I had the opportunity to see Lucky perform in Cincinnati and he straight put it down on the stage!! Lucky not only has a spectacular voice, but he plays guitar, bass, keys, AND best of all, the drums.  He plays the drums and sings lead at the same time!!! Upon further investigation, I found he had this CD on Amazon and bought it immediately.  This CD is EXCELLENT!!!!  You can put it in and just let it play from start to finish.  Don't Cry and Rain Drops are by far my favorite!  If you are looking for real artist playing real music this is the CD for you.  Tell your friends!!  I hear that he and his brother 7 are releasing another album soon under the name Lucky-7, so if you love this, be on the look out for that!  I know I am!!!!!
Jon Williams continues to evolve as an artist.  His first full-length solo effort shows a maturing of his vision as he morphs from his earlier angst-filled emo thrasher days into a soul-searching songster with something to say.This music gets me feeling UP!  Highly recommended.BW
Great album and I am glad that I purchased.  I listen to this once a week. Great artist and should be well known.
Debuted on Luke Skywalker records in 1994, Uncle Luke took these kids in and made them underground sensations in Miami.  This was the first song I ever went to the music store to buy and it was sold out.  But at that time Miami was being swapped with booty music so this group did not get its just due.  They have a cameo from Professor Griff (from Public Enemy). If you like Onyx, the Lost Boys, or Wu Tang listen to these guys.
I love, love, love this CD; Frank Senior is one of my two favorite living male jazz vocalists (Mark Murphy being the other), and one of my favorite jazz vocalists, period.  His voice is warm, rich and textured, and he has a great sense of time and swing.  This CD offers some great standards, tastefully arranged and skillfully played by a tight ensemble of fine instrumentalists.  But I mean, who cares what I think?  Just listen to the samples and judge for yourself.  Frank Senior deserves to be much, much more widely known.
rewelacja!!!author: dj aphremeplytka jest super,utwory bardzo zroznicowane,kazdy sobie cos z niej wysnuje,swietne wykonania od house'u po latino czy r&b;,przyprawione rewelacyjnym barytonem Robert'a,sluchacz nie bedzie zawiedziony,goraco polecam!awesome albumauthor: dj aphremeThis album is a delicious mixture of many styles,You'll found house,r&b;,a lil bit of latin flavaz or even electro sound and all of that tracks are unique because of great Robert's baritone on it,his voice got that real house feeling,lovin this cd!!!Good music. Independent music is running the world.author: SkizzyskezelUpbeat and true to what it is: music. I have been listening to his music since his last release. This is a change from his last cd and it shows he is exploring other roads in his music and in life.This CD is the bomb! Robert croons like no one can!author: Reginald Naji-AllahThis Cd is the bomb! Robert croons like no one can! He makes me want to fall in love with "INSANE" and then reminds me of the good ole disco dancing days with "All night" and "HeY". With Hip Hop finally coming under attack for being shallow and crass, this CD brings R&B; back in a big way. Cop It, Enjoy It, Share It with everyone you know loves real music. Wow!author: Thierry LaurenceRobert Anton is back to introduce is third album, INSANE. On INSANE, Robert pulled out all the stops to give you an album with something for everyone. My personal favorites are INSANE and DANCIN ALL NIGHT, but HEY (The Diamond Dance) and COMO SE DICE will have you stumping your feet, grooving to the beat and even singing the chorus. DIRTY BLUES is an interesting and welcome suprise along with the Euro-German influence of LIEBLINGS HERR. INSANE, from playAnton Productions, has a lot going for it and definitely worthy of strong radio play. So, download INSANE and enjoy it for yourself. You will be so glad you did.
I actually stumbled upon this CD looking for info on the original members of a group called "The Braids."  Anywho...I wanted to know who the girls were from the group and low and behold Zoe Ellis was one of them.  I was floored when I heard the snippets from this CD;I actually purchased it immediately.  I am so in love with this CD.  It was a pleasant surprise.  I drove from PA to VA listening to just this CD. My favorite song is Still.  Sometimes I just put it on repeat and just let it move me.  This CD reminds me of the seasons changing from spring to summer.  It just has this overall feel good vibe to it. The intro, outro and Lemon Yogurt are really amusing.  When I need a laugh I play them.  I listen to this CD and just smile from within.  The songs on this CD I will never be tired of hearing.  One needs not be an avid jazz listner/lover to enjoy this CD.  Anyone else who purchases this CD I hope they enjoy it as much as I do!
This is one of THE BEST altenative rock albuns around.Shawn Smith is a great singer/songwriter, and a very good piano/guitar player.Not a bad song here.Buy confident.
I saw Shawn Smith in Seattle a few years back and was blown away - great talent.  This would have been all over radio prior to the mp3 revolution - the Congregation and The Holy Rollers are great.  I highly recommend the Diamond Hand - very happy to finally find it on amazon.
This is a great film by a great filmmaker about a great person. I know this as I have had the pleasure of his friendship for a long time. That does not change my view about the film. Well, I suppose it does. But if you want to see one man who makes difference in our lifetime, see Ayanna's Gregory's film, &#34;Ballad for My Father.&#34; It should be nominated for an Oscar in a new category (plus the real ones). It should be the best film about love. Dick Gregory and Lillian Gregory are two of the best and most devoted parents on the planet. And, as President Clinton told me, &#34;Dick Gregory is one of the funniest people on the planet.&#34;
I cannot believe I just discovered Ms. Ayanna, I am a music lover all kinds of music reaches my "SOUL" and allows me to be all that I can be.  Never new Dick Gregory hada daughter who had this talent.  All I can say is buy it, buy it.  She will touch you with her ever so lovely reach vocals I have purchased all her music and will share itat my next fish fry, thanksgiving dinner, or just at home entertaining family and friends.  Thank You Ayanna, I will ensure that more people in my town of Tracy, Californiaget to know you.
If you do not have this in your collection, you are missing the boat. Put this album on, Close your eyes and drift off to the land of soft lights,a good wine and the one you want to be with....... great voice and cute on top off it all.
I met Regina in summer 2012 and have been a fan of her since.  She is a beautiful person inside and out and her music is awesome!
One of my favorite CD's in my large selection. Goes good with a Cold beer and Bar B Q anytime,anywhere. Frankie C. is the real deal!
If anyone bought Dwele's "W.ants W.orld W.omen" as well as Black Milk's "Album Of The Year", there is a good chance one may have heard of Monica Blaire. The Detroit, Michigan made her appearances on the Dwele song "Detroit Sunrise" as well as Black Milk's "Over Again". Although those guest appearances were high profile, she actually has been around a little longer than that. She originally got her start behind the scenes as a hired songwriter for Contemporary Gospel acts like J. Moss and Ramiyah, to name a few. She then went on to make the rounds as a session singer until she got her chance to record her own music. In 2006, she signed with the independent label Silent Riot Entertainment to issue her electic debut "Portraits Of Me". Her album is an amalgamation of neo-soul, contemporary R&B; and underground hip hop with production from the likes of Maestro, D12's Mr. Porter and Platinum Pied Pipers member Waajeed. As both an emcee and a singer, she navigates these worlds quite effortlessly.Monica's debut is one that is one that toes the line between being sensual as well as thought provoking. Despite the album's lengthy running time of 73 minutes, it's surprisingly devoid of filler. She starts the album with the song "What I Want", where she takes a noticeably optimistic look at the touchy subject of breakups. She gets aggressive on the sexually charged "Obsessed" as well as on the profane "Work That". She explores Middle Eastern sounds on "Around The World" and channels the neo-soul vibe on "Breathe". Towards the middle of the album, she moves things more into social commentary. She links up with fellow Detroit native Guilty Simpson on "Hey Hoe", a song in which she rants on those who choose to get ahead in life by using their body and sex appeal. She also gets assistance from female rappers Invincible and Miz Korona on "Confused" where they critique the music industry on its desire for female artists to focus on their image. She sings of being faithful on the acoustic "One And Only" and insists on wanting to end a relationship on "Set Me Free". She digs into her gospel background for the song about keeping in touch with friends and family members on "Call". Overall, Monica Blaire's "Portraits Of Me" is an excellent debut from the young songstress. Though she straddles the fence of R&B; as well as hip hop, she's great at both and is an artist worth listening to.
This album is so great that every song has a way of touching your heart and spirit.  Everyone should have this album even if gospel music is not really your preference, because this album has positively changed my life in so many ways and is something anyone can relate to!
Forgive me - - I want to review all three of the BLACK HEAT re-issues at once, and I REALLY hope that readers of my reviews will catch this and get the albums, so I'm going to post the same review for all three of their albums: BLACK HEAT, NO TIME TO BURN and KEEP ON RUNNING as ALL three are strong and worth getting... (Keep On Runnin' in this weakest, actually, but still worth getting to complete your collection.)Alert - - Fans of hard edged funk meets rock MANDRIL, WAR, fired up BRASS ROCK and SF EAST BAY ROCK and SOUL... get ready...!Funky rhythm section, screaming Hammond and Hohner D-6, congas, psychadelic wa wa guitars, great horns, funky bass lines and cool vocals !Black Heat were an early 70's FUNK / Black Rock group produced by the legendary Joel Dorn and who recorded on the Atlantic Label.  Their sound - - both musically and production wise was BIG and FAT... kinda like WAR... the main catch being that WAR was able to pen a lot of memorable hits... I think BLACK HEAT'S albums were stronger OVERALL, but for some reason, they be it promotion or whatever, they simply never had a "big hit".  - - Some tunes charted and years later Zimba Ku would be sampled like mad by DJs (as well as other tunes), but I guess they were better at the hard *ss jamming  than the "hooks"... You can almost imagine them playing at college campuses for a mix of long haired hippie kids and black duded with big afros... -- You may or may not agree with me, but I really think they should have gotten War/Mandril cult status too and should have been rediscovered by the same generation that's digging all that music once again... sadly, they simply didn't have the hits, hence don't have the "oldies" appeal necessary to fund adequate promotion.  HOW AWFUL!Whatever, get this album, BURN SOMETHING and PLAY IT LOUD... you won't regret it !  - - I've been through multiple copies of their vinyl and am really happy to have it in the convenient form of MP3 to carry with me wherever I go... First heard their albums about 20 years ago...know they'll be just as good in 20 to come... That's unless something happens causing me to Defunkify and I go on a Carpenter's kick...
I cannot believe I found a copy of this cd. I had the Lp which I transferred to a blank disc, but I had worn it out. There were ticks & pops inherent in a record played so much- showing how much you liked it. This is to my knowledge their first Lp. It is a cross of Jazz-Funk, similar to the Blackbyrds with some great vocal cuts, & instrumentals. For me, this was a rare find & I ordered it without hesitation knowing what it is. I don't think Amazon may have mp3 samples to hear. I ordered the 3 CDs they did. If I am in error, & their was a Lp before this one, I apologize. If you like The Blackbyrds & other Funk from this time get it. I would be surprised if one did not like this if they like Funk, R&B. There is some nice Trumpet work on some songs. Street of Tears is just a great vocal. How this group never made it bigger than they did has me perplexed. I guess without AirPlay, back then, you could fail-Basically so much good music & not enough time. I was ordering The Blackbyrds Greates hits( The First one with Black cover) & took a guess to see if they had this. For me, a rare find, that I purchased from Amazon along with their 2 other discs. The vocalist has a nice deep soulful voice-I hope this helps, I try to read other reviews & they help with my decision at times. Thank You for reading
This album has bass and funk for days.  It is one of the most sampled albums in the history of music.  I love to listen to it loud at parties or before concerts.  It really gets me pumped for a good time.
I liked this CD when I first heard it. But the more I listen to it the more I love it. I hear a little more, something new, something deeper every time I listen to it.  It's fabulous!
I was introduced to Lori's music a while back as she's a local artist here in Boston and was instantly blown away by the power and beauty of her voice. This is an artist who needs to be heard. Forget American Idol, THIS is singing!
Curtis V. is an original, man. Nobody puts words together in the spoken word like he does, and nobody as smooth. And with Ron Smith, former guitarist for Maze featuring Frankie Beverly, they both bring a sound unheard of. A cool collaboration. This cd deserved more attention when it was released . . . I suppose it's not too late, that's where I come in.
I Like It, Clean Cutt!...and I like it....and I like it.Um, Um good, Pietistic!Um, Um good, Pietistic!Well, of course, I Like It!Yea, Clean Cutt, I said, I Like It!Will you be coming up Tucker Road?I'll be waiting, anticipating....and I like it....and I like it.U Look Good? `Say What?'  `Huh?'`What's your name?'  `Your name is Deon'.`Oh, I look good, like I should.'You sure make that sound quite delicious to my eardrum....and I like it....and I like it.`It's all good', cause now, You're Mine.You've found me and I've learned that You're Mine.When you uttered, "Pharmacon" -...You breathing life into meThen you said, "Phamacon" -.. and me injecting life into you....and I like it...and I like it.Hey, My Love, Who's that calling? Who?My Love, Who cares?  Your chorus is so sweet.Are you, are you at Work?I can tell, from the sound of it, you're working really hard.My sole provider, I hold you in the highest regard.32 (16 Twice) - hee, hee - only in your eyes.32 (16 Twice) - youth always yearns to be revised....and I like it....and I like it.`Ou wee' I can't help but dance to Lakisha.I t-w-i-r-l around in circles for Lakisha.Ah! Excuse me, firehouse Lawrence, L-BoogieCan you just give Deon a call? P-L-E-A-S-E.All that commotion - why?  Dude drives too fast!Slow down, L_Boogie. Don't drive the fire truck that hard and fast.Oh , Deon, please come rescue me!Oh, Deon, your youthful energy saveth me....and I like it....and I like it.Then, Clean Cutt cleverly reminds me -The baby branch shoots from the joint stem in Geneology.Offspring Deon, cunningly records Dad Ray -`cause the stem resembles its root.  Geneology.How could you be so radiant while saturated in music?Well clever composer, it's crafted tight!  Always majestic.So, yes ...Clean Cutt... I like it!Um hum, that's right - I like it!...and I like it....and I like it.Jo Anna Bella,Poet at Heart 9/16/12
I downloaded the song Endlessly and not the whole album.  This is a strong R&B song that certainly deserves major radio play.  The lyrics are sexy, the beat and percussion interesting, and it has hooks!  I really hope that Suzan can find the muse that was in charge on this one and keep putting out more music like this.  If you like female R&B artists, check this song out.  I have it mixed on a CD with Regina Belle's Lazy Afternoon and they flow together effortlessly.
As most of you know the R & B scene has not been up to par lately. I found that DAvid Ryan Harris album Bittersweet provided that rhythmic, chill, vibe that you got from the Maxwell cd.Its R & B for real R & B lovers like myself.The album, Bittersweet, is one of those albums where you hear a song once, don't think much of it, next thing you know your singing the same song in the shower. Becomes your favourite.I would definitely recommend this album to people.
Came across David Ryan Harris while watching the movie Biker Boyz.  I had seen the movie about 6 times, and finally paid attention to one of the songs in the movie.  Looked it up on YouTube, and found out all of his songs were good.  Immediately downloaded the whole album, and haven't been disappointed yet.
If you like John Mayer, Gavin DeGgraw, Marc Broussard and others like them you will love this album. It stays in rotation in my car. I saw him live in Santa Monica is he's the coolest dude and shows true fan appreciation.
My new Feel Good record!! Amazing big band arrangements with world class US and UK players over ultra funky infectious grooves. Brilliant! Can't stop tapping my foot, or shaking any other part of my body, for that matter. Thank you, Redtenbacher's Funkestra!
Bought this as a gift for my husband, who had the album (and loved it) once upon a time in the 70s but lost it long ago. I enjoy it too.
Billy Paul is my all time favourate.Thanks Amazon for helping me complete my collection.You are the best,keep up the good work.
I have been waiting to order this CD for some time now. Now that i have it I am okay with the old music of the 70's and 80's. This album is a winner. I love it so much and I am looking forward to listening to it.
This was one of my favorite songs from the 80's.  I love her vocals and the music is great.  Even my young daughter loves this song.
Much better than the album they released after she passed away. I didnt even know this existed until it went on sale here for $5.00! Even if while you're reading this the price is $9 or higher, it would still be worth the money.That being said, I believe this is mislabeled. The tracks on this album are completely different from the one that is actually titled &#34;Frank&#34;. From what I read of other people's comments, maybe it should be labeled &#34;Frank: B-Sides&#34;? Just a thought.
I love Amy Winehouse she was before my time it is too bad she isn't alive still
I bought this CD because it has songs on it I hadn't heard from the artist before and because it was five dollars.  I know some people have complaints, but for five dollars, who cares?  It's Amy Winehouse!  Enough said.
I love Amy! I was enthralled by Back to Black, but when I heard Frank and some of her B-side recordings, I was mesmerized.  I realize her real life is a soap opera and she'll probablly take the road of Janis Joplin or Mama Cass and leave before its time, but she has the ability to be a voice of her generation if she would lay off the drugs and booze and remember why she began her journey...If you like jazz, blues, soul, then you will love this music. Better yet your ears will thank you, and your soul will adore you!
Fabulous, fantastic, loved it! Her voice tells a story and you always want more . Highly recommend if you are a fan if hers
OMG, I discovered Frank - B Sides after Amy's Death... That's exactly when I became angry with the beast that held her hostage!  I had Back to Black and Frank already and loved them both, but this right here... If you love music, and I LOVE Music, and if you love Amy - The Artist (as I did), you will FALL IN LOVE ALLLLL OVER AGAIN!!! It is an AMAZING PIECE OF WORK full of Sexy Jazz, Blues and the Uber Talented Lady Herself, who uses her instrument (her voice) AMAZINGLY WELL.  She put her Foot and her Heart into this project.  Again, if you LOVE REAL MUSIC, TRUST ME... You will not be disappointed!!!  Gone Much Too Soon - May The Angel Rest In PEACE!
This album is class, jazzy and smooth. Her voice is totally unique and the songs are brilliant. I especially love &#34;Round Midnight&#34;.
I love it. Some songs are different versions of other tracks I have but so great fresh stuff too. If  you love Amy get it.
but this is what you need.My son introduced me to Amy sadly after she had already passed.  A budding genius was here...
I really didn't know who she was the down load was 5 dollars I figured why not I love her
Remembering Amyb W.
I recently downloaded from Amazon.com two albums by Gravity 180, Moonlight on the Water (April 2008) and Gravity 180 (June 2009). Their music is classified as R&B, but I listen to smooth jazz most of the time and find that these two albums fit more in that category. Very nice music! I have not stopped listening to it since I bought them!!
this cd is one of kind rally great I can hardly wait when cd is for sale bloodstone only made a couple of cd any way I really enjoyed it so did my co workers let me know when you have a cd have the mp3 already thanks again way to go amazon
Leah has a great voice, love the blues and she signs it well!  Better than Debbie Davies who I really enjoy. Debbie has some serious competition.
A great CD for the holidays... I first heard it at a friends in San Diego about 5 or 6 yrs ago.  My friends said they heard him playing at a mall and bought the CD. I looked for it online a few times and couldn't find it until now.  So happy I did! I have bought a few of his CD's and love them.  Thanks Dirk K!
I stumbled across this artist several years ago and it has been hard to find this cd. I have purchased 2 copies so far and always end up giving them as gifts to friends who fall in love with the cd and cannot find it. EASY which is the first track is a great way to begin but it only gets better. Her style reminds me of Maysa. Her voice flows easily like silk and compliments both uptempo grooves or slow and easy ballads. A MUST HAVE for s smooth jazz and R&B fan.
Of all the Bigg Robb CDs, this one is the best. My mom and the younger kids both enjoy the sounds...the feel good sounds of my younger years.
I enjoyed listening to the album and even brought three mp3 songs from it.  Special has a great voice!
I thought Ruby Red Lips was my favorite til I heard this.  Pls give it a listen, you'll love it!!
For those of us who love her voice, and lyrics, and delivery this is an addition to our small but wonderful collection of Kat.
Every song on the album is professional quality and touching!  The album is a mix of original compositions and traditional classics beautifully performed and absolutely glorifying to Adonai.  I look forward to more from this artist!
I can't remember how I stumbled upon this exceptional artist but I am very glad I did.  I now have 3 of his albums.  What a voice accompanied by great music.  I frequently listen to him on my mp3 player while I take my fast walk around town.  He keeps me going!  I hope there will be more music from Matt Z.!!!
i must say  i love how he use melody of tv shows for some of his songs. Very good music
Nikita Germaine has a great soulful voice! Her sound reminds me of Anita Baker on certain songs like "Over & Over". She still sounds fresh and current, but you can definitely hear her classic soul influences. Great Neo-soul music!
The self-produced CD by Izzy James is nothing short of phenomenal. Highlighted by solid musicianship, in-the-pocket grooves, and sophisticated arrangements, A Call To Conscience, has much going for it. Add heartfelt, uplifting lyrics, and the impeccable baritone vocals of James, and you have the recipe for creative success. The opening track "It's All Right" hits with an old-fashion dirty low down 70's funk groove with horns and backing vocals reminiscent of Steely Dan or Average White Band, but James, lead vocal falls closer to the R&B; stylings of James Ingram or Luther Vandross. "Change The World" continues with themes of hope, faith and ultimately love, "Show some love to your brother and all that love will come back to you," the main message of the CD. The horn arrangements, courtesy of Noah Bless, are squeaky clean and tasty: Scott Kreitzer's sax solo on this track really shines."This Way" is a rare gem. The chromatic chordal and melodic motifs evoke classic Stevie Wonder. The lyrics continue to remind us that all you need is love, supported by a powerful vocal track--perhaps the best on the album. The piano work of Aaron Swinnerton provides sensitive and bluesy accompaniment with some outstanding playing by James on the bass as well."Fallin' Sky" throws down the funkiest groove on the album with some great guitar work compliments of Dave "Bad Ass" Snider and another sizzling horn arrangement. "Stand Up" is a catchy feel good track continuing the message of believing in yourself and featuring a smokin' sax solo by Angelo DiBraccio. "Could It Be You" is the perfect "chill out" track, highlighting the talents of jazz guitarist Chuck Loeb.In fact, from the opening track to the last ("Your Love"), this album is rock solid, beautifully produced, and an extraordinary musical treat. Highly recommended!
i love everything by him and his wife...the music ushers you into the heavenlies....i would recommend any of their music...
I was first blessed by this extremely anointed Psalmist when I saw her on Sid Roth. This is truly what you were born for Grace. I know this because I was born to do it also. Never let the enemy stop you, not for one minute. Give God all the glory and honor.
Wow, Mayda's sound sears the ears and thrills the soul.  If your ears don't end up blistered by the sound, they will from having audio devices attached to them for so long, feeding your new addiction to Mayda's singular, sizzling sonic stream.  Buy.  This.  EP.  ...and all the rest of her work!
Mayda is a local performer in the Twin Cities, and the most unlikely-looking individual to be the bearer of this voice or lyrics. Her ability to write and present outstanding music is evident here. The style is a blend of rock, punk, R&B;, Hip-Hop, Folk, and something entirely un-categorized.She has made some of her new tracks available on her MySpace page [...], and it seems that there will be no stopping this new musical force! Go Mayda!
I remember the Moonglows and own and love all their albums but today I found one I didn't even know existed. It's "Harvey and the Moonglows 2000. New arrangements and some old because they did the song with an orchestra in the 50's. What great songs. The Ten Commandments of  Love is much better then the original . Sit back , pour yourself a nice coktail ( years ago it was a coke) and enjoy .
notesCHEZ NOUS: The literal translation coming from the french term meaning "at our house" or "at our place". Welcome to an exquisite public offering of soul music, thirteen stellar tracks by renowned international artists. Replete with jazzy riffs, sensuous melody, and sultry vibes, Chez Nous is a collection that music connoisseurs will aptly embrace.Myoshi Marilla is well recognized in the indie soul scene. A talented singer, actress, and television personality, Myoshi has garnered the respect of both the public and her musical contemporaries. Well respected for her business acumen, a large part of Myoshi's work lies in supporting other artists. "Even before putting my own music out, I have been a fan of independent music. I've always been on the hunt for new sounds to spread the word about. When DJ COA approached me about working with him on this project, I jumped at the chance. To be able to present all of these talented artists from all over the world on one compilation is something truly inspired. These are real musicians and artists who may not get the mainstream recognition they deserve but hopefully it'll come soon! I'm happy to be a part of that journey. DJ COA has been promoting under-represented artists for years now but it's his love of all things musical that has made him such a pleasure to work with."DJ Come of Age continues to pursue opportunities for deserving musicians. A pioneer of the indie soul scene, his fan base continues to grow in record numbers. First noted for his neo-soul mixtapes, he is also a successful blogger and videocast host. As COA tells it, the platform of all his production is rooted in uplifting others. "Honestly, none of this is about me. I want people to dig deeper than myself and really become connected to the music, to these artists. The whole concept of the movement is the idea of breaking barriers while creating opportunity. I want people to hear and experience something meaningful and special. That's what it's all about, bringing people together thru love and support of wonderful soul music".
I have turned into a big Beckae Shae fan. I love her Life album but this album is awesome too. I love the story behind Hephzibah {on Utube} I had to look it up  and truly the words were right there in the Bible. I love it and it makes me feel like Iam his Hephzibah also. And everyone is that loves him in spirit and truth. Also Dance with the king is also my all time favorite. As it gives me the vision of someday being in heaven and finally seeing my king!Jesus!
She has a fantastic voice and the songs are inspiring and very catchy. I have purchased 3 CD's from her. Will purchase more.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE CHRISTMAS MUSIC AND THIS HAS QUICKLY BECOME ONE OF MY FAVORITES. I RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY. DO NOT HESITATE TO BUY IT. I LOVE HER VOICE. GOD BLESSED HER WITH  THIS AMAZING VOICE. I AM GOING TO BUY ALL OF HER MUSIC ASAP. SHALOM. GOD BLESS US EVERYONE.
I was first introduced to Beckah Shae from my husband who works as a cable installer and was doing some work for her husband at their home. Beckah's husband was kind enough to give my husband a free CD her latest one Destiny.  I immediately listened to it and loved loved it!!! Beckah Shae is very inspiring and uplifting.  My entire family loves her music...so since then I have purchased almost all of her Cd's...I am now in the process of purchasing her scripture snacks volume 1 CD.  Keep up the good work Beckah you and your family are amazing...may God Bless you all always.
I was immediately drawn to Joy from the intro track to the end.  Her first album, Butterfly, is filled with great tracks but I really feel as an artist, Beckah has come into her own on Joy.  There truly isn't a bad song on this album.  The lyrics are engaging and speak truth about how we should perceive ourselves, others and our world through the eyes of God.  The production is current and inspiring and Beckah's singing is stellar.  This album is truly anointed and I would recommend it one hundred times over.
This is our first Beckah Shae CD and our entire family loves it! She has a unique, genuine sound to her music I have never heard before!
This CD is wonderful from start to end. Great production - great lyrics - great vocals.  It is very hard to find good quality Christian/Gospel music these days that meet the entire package (i.e. good production, lyrics AND vocals).  If you are an indie music-fan who enjoys mellow music with a little urban twist, this is definitely a must-have!
Need a boost to your day?  Need some JOY?  This is a great album.  I love every song.  The title track, "Joy" is uplifting and just excellent.  But I can't just recommend one song, you need all of them!!!!!
I happened to just hear the track Bird on a wire, on our Aussie public radio a year ago. Her clear beautiful haunting voice with such simple backing was magnificent. Some lyrics of the song came to mind today so I hunted thru iTunes all the versions until I found her! I listened to the other songs. This is one of the most beautiful, uplifting .. words faile to descibe the beauty and simplicity. But songs with deep lyrics. And her Norwegian accent adds an amazing touch. As far as I can see on google this is her only album in English. Believe me. Listen to the samples and you'll be enchanted. If I can find some CDs to buy this will become my most frequent gift to people I care about.
This song reminds me of somethings from the early 90s I don't know what it is about it that does but it does and I really like it- I hope the rest of her album is equally nice..it just might be since its her debut that's when everyone gives it their all
Jennifer Hudson FINALLY gets her time in the spotlight (musically).  All in all, I love this CD.  There are some songs that I wouldn't normally listen to, but I love how she put a variety of tracks on here.  She gives a wide range of her fans something to love and listen to.My personal favorites from the official store bought track list are...SpotlightPocketbookMy HeartCan't Stop The RainInvisibleMe being me...  I always have to have a more "FULL" CD, so I added some tracks to my CD...Here is my official J Hud track list1. Spotlight2. If This Isn't Love3. Pocketbook4. Giving Myself5. What's Wrong (Go Away)6. My Heart7. You Pulled Me Through8. I'm His Only Woman9. Can't Stop The Rain10. We Gon' Fight11. Invisible12. Leavin' Tonight (ft. Ne-Yo) (BONUS TRACK)13. Special (BONUS TRACK)14. Overjoyed (BONUS TRACK)15. All Dressed Up In Love (BONUS TRACK)16. Stand Up (BONUS TRACK)17. Jesus Promised Me A Home Over There18. And I'm Telling You I'm Not Going19. I Am Changing (BONUS TRACK)20. One Night Only (BONUS TRACK)
Its about time that an American Idol Contestant come out with an album that more than 2 songs are good.I  have heard the entire album and i love every song. I would highly recommend this Album...If this Isn't Love,Giving myself,Invisible and you pulled me trought, should all be nominated for a grammy.
I think she has a hit. I'm of the more mature crowd and the music is excellent for either steppin or ballroomin.  I'm looking forward to the CD being released in the coming months.
my song for this year . jennifer hudson is such an amazing singer as she is as an actress :)buy the song you wont regret ;)
Firstly, I can not wait for the cd to drop...but in the meantimes I love this song...no its nto effie ..it is jeniffer singing a will arranged song with current to whats going on lyrics...Jen u go girl
In an era in which the musical industry is overcrowded with commercial, instant artists, Doc Jazz offers a very welcome contrast to this routine. His jazz/fusion-inspired rock-like music now and then shows a hint of eastern influence; it is honest, straight from the heart and, most importantly, pure music. But that's not all. Doc Jazz inspires with his philosophical lyrics, the warm sound of his voice and his original creativity. It is all the more impressice that all songs are self-written, produced and recorded.This album is an absolute joy. Lay people can enjoy relatively easy listenings to moving songs like "loving each other", or groove along with the more upbeat songs. The more professional listener will certainly appreciate Doc Jazz's skillful mastery of several musical instruments, the creative composition and the all-but- amateuristic production; the latter will also recognize that this album is as good as his previous "Front Door Key", to which many professional artists contributed.A must-have for music lovers.
This album is tight from start to finish!  My favorite tracks are hard to choose, since there are so many good ones, but I would have to say tracks #2 (Number One), #6 (Life), and #12 (Wait) are on top.  This is a MUST buy album!  I had to buy this after seeing him on 106 & Park a few months back.If you haven't heard his hit with Lexcano, you should check it out on YouTube, as well.  It is called "Can I get your number".[...]
They're previous release wasn't all that great. But this... this is golden through and through. Really sad to see them go as an act. But Noni (the femal singer) is supposed to be on a few upcoming tacks for Bad Rabbits so im excited for that.
Bad Rabbits fan here, thought I would check this out too, amazing!! Very soulful and Jazzy at the same time
This is an amazing album, If you love Bad Rabbits you should pick this up because it has some really classic tunes, of similar quality.
Urban Blight should have been superstars, creating, as they did, a stunning, commercial crossover sound that should have shot them to the top of the world's charts. But their timing was a little off; too late for the synth rage of the '80s and too early for the ska craze, Urban Blight wowed them in their Big Apple hometown and impressed audiences in clubs elsewhere in the U.S., but failed to make a mark on the mass market. Their album, Playgrounds 'n' Glass, is a brilliant blend of all the musical threads of the '80s and early '90s -- lush synth pop, funk, breezy reggae, alt-rock, and even a touch of dancehall. "Tempted By Silver" is their show-stopping ballad, with all the sweetness and laid-back atmosphere of UB40 but with all the majesty of a power ballad. Elsewhere, their live rendition of "Get Closer" meanders into Inner Circle territory, bright and breezy reggae with a singalong chorus and a cheery unity message. "Just Like the Moon" is equally upbeat, at least musically, although the lyrics are decidedly melancholy, but the bubbly melody and synth pop sound immediately lift the spirits. But for sheer exuberance nothing beats "I'm a Dreamer," an exhilarating skanker, with a searing guitar solo in the middle break and vocals that revel in R&B. "3 More Roses" delves even deeper into that genre, in fine Stax-ish style. The Urban crew turns R&B on its head later in the set with "Favorite Flavor," paying a tongue-in-cheek homage to funk, boy bands, hip-hop, and Michael Jackson, all wrapped in an infectious melody and compulsive beat. "Don't Stop the Rain" takes funk into the disco, but with a bouncy chorus and smooth vocals that defy the genre. "Tall 'n Lonely Buildings," in contrast, mixes up rap, funk, club beats, an irrepressible melody, and a jaded look at their concrete home. All things to everyone, this Urban bunch plays havoc with the city's sounds, but Playgrounds is big enough to encompass them all. Softening the harder edges of both Jamaican rhythms and urban stylings, splashing flashy brass around the arrangements, dousing the songs with synths that range from bubbly to lushly gorgeous, the septet weaves together a tasty tapestry from the threads of rock, reggae, and R&B, creating a superb crossover hybrid sound unlike anything else out there. They should have ruled the world -- that didn't happen, but this stunning album remains a monument to their audacious vision. ~ Jo-Ann Greene
For all of you BASS players who love the Millers,Wootens,Clarkes,Manrings of this world, BUY THIS CD! I AM SO DISAPPOINTED THAT NOBODY HAS LEFT A REVIEW FOR THIS AMAZING CD!? I have enough "bass player" cds to cover a wall and my biggest point on this Doug Johns cd,(and ALL his cds for that matter), is that they are all so listenable throughout! Amazing technical ability, tons of tone- funky and stanky, creative and musical. Unlike so many bassist cds I have, I can play it straight through and enjoy ALL of it, instead of having to skip a bunch of cheesy/corny parts, so I can get to the awesome bass nuggets. This cd is a packed full of slaptastic funk! One of my favorites and I can promise you, Doug Johns is an absolute force to be reckoned with in the BASS WORLD! LOOK OUT!!!!!
Doug is right up the with the likes of Wooten, Miller, Clarke and Hamm. you've got to check all of his stuff
If you miss Phyllis Hyman like I do, then there's a new star on the horizon that reminds me of her. Thank you Bob Baldwin for bringing Toni's star into the light. Toni Redd is definitely right on and "N" the Right Key. Check her out. You'll be pleasantly pleased.
from the begining to the very last note this is truely a R&B CLASSIC cd.Toni really does remind you of the great phyllis hyman with her voice and style,but also creates her own style on tracks like i apologize & missing you and the colaberation with Bob Baldwin on Im changing is incredible.to me this is one of the best cds of 2009
I heard Toni Redd on a song with James Baldwin, and she really took my mind away.  This a very good singer and she kind of sound like Phyllis Hyman.  This is definately a good sounding urban/smooth jazz CD.  I'm going to purchase this CD just from listening to the samples.  Listen, you won't be disapointed!!!
Great artist great music! Definitely buy this artist everything she does.You won't be dissapointed. Next chance you get give this artist a listen on amazon
This artist is hot. She is a breath of fresh air. Her music has a story to tell and I'm definitely listening. Positive, motivating, and inspiring! This album has a little something of everything.  I can listen to it on my home from work after a long day and also something I can put on and unwind with my husband for a nice romantic evening. I absoultely love it and I'm looking forward to more from this amazing young artist.
I like albums I can play without worrying to forward to the next song or only able to stand one song. I heard the clips from her album and decided to buy the whole thing. And I do not regret it. It's perfect for the hectic subway commute to and from work. You can press play and enjoy the soulful melodies this sista is kicking from the beginning to the end. She can definitely hold her own.
This album came out about 8 years too early. If this was released today, on In The Red or Burger Records, the denizens of the garage/punk/soul bandwagon would be falling over themselves anointing it the best thing since sliced bread. Instead, it came out in 2003 on Alternative Tentacles, a label that prides itself on its Baskin Robbins-like variety. It sounds like the aughts' update of  Jerry Lee Lewis' Live At The Star Club, Hamburg. Ignore the previous review. GET IT.
Mercy is awesome. You can't help but listen to it and want to dance or workout to it.
CD arrived timely and was just what I wanted and in the shape that I expected.  Thanks to the seller.
Johnny Maestro, who just recently passed,was one of the finest, purest voices to grace any stage.A conservative, humble individual,who hit the most amazing notes live, in concert and on record, as this album reflects. The quality of the recording is GREAT!Actually sounded even better in concert than on disc.I had seen him and his group numerous times, and always walked away in amazement.He never took his performances for granted. A really nice individual.It will be quite some time, if ever, we see the likes of him again...
Johnny Maestro and The Brooklyn Bridge put on a fantastic live show--full of energy and great rock and roll.  This CD captures much of that live magic.  The song selection is great and the sound quality is excellent.  Maestro has been singing for over fifty years, and his voice is better than ever.  On all the songs, his voice is strong, with a richness and fullness that comes with maturity.  The backup singers and band are also in top form.  This live performance CD is a "must have" for all fans of Johnny Maestro.
You must listen to this album to understand that it's hard to describe Jones' music.  It's beyond good.  It's the most original music I've heard in a long time.  He definitely has his own sound.  He has musically developed since his first album.  I love both albums equally.stay for a while - typical laid back jones track. 5/5crazy - fun song.  5/5everything - somewhat catchy. 3.5/5how could i -  one of the best songs.  the piano intro is so soothing.  you'll think Jones was playing just for you. classic all the way! 5/5the one - i love the lyrics of this song.  it is so relatable on many different levels.  my favorite track! 5/5get what you deserve - it's alright. 3/5assumed - 3/5i was so sure - a little too guitar driven for my liking. 2.5/5brain control - i love the strings intro. lyrical content is ok.  3/5something's wrong - 4/5change - 3/5enjoy - 4/5maybe - i like the playful rhythms on this song. 3.5/5If you like this album, get his debut album "For the Love Of..."
This CD is one of my favorites. It's great music with positive messages. It's great to dance to (or if you're like me, shoulder bounce to), and it's leaves you feeling energized and feeling great. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves to bop his head to some music. (Check out songs "Asking Myself", "That Girl", and "Cryin' Shame". They'll be in your head all week.
Alex Mercier is an amazing artist.  He has incredible musical talent and ability.  I hope that more people are able to here and follow his career.
This is a great new group with a unique and catchy sound. "She Rocks" and "You Say" are two of my favorites that are so good you could be hearing on the radio very soon. Take a listen...
This is the first album, to my knowledge, comprised of songs that were COMPLETELY written and recorded by musicians in different parts of the world. The fact that no two people sat together to record/compose (or Kompoz as it were) these songs is a true testament to the power of the internet and modern recording.
We have witnessed the complete overvaluation of music in the 80's and 90's, when prepackaged pablum was all that was available through the retail outlets and FM radio. Then we witnessed the complete devaluation of music as a commodity with the advent of Napster and peer to peer file sharing.Now, I think, we are seeing a correction in this market, where the artists are happy to see their audience pay for their work in accordance with the value the audience places on the product. The public has vastly greater choices in the music they can experience, and finds the artist so much more accessible than at any time in the past.As a musician, I now see the reward in the process itself, not in any far sided chance of financial gain. I believe this is a true correction, and the righting of public perception to what music should have been all along. No longer can the industry build effective corrals in which to show the public that which they say is worthy of their money. Now it is just a matter of exposing this music through online music distributors, with the only requirement being that of the time it takes to listen. The financial reward is secondary, and this, I believe, corrects the focus of those who create the music. I believe this to be a cultural change. We are experiencing a total rethinking of music as product vs music as art.Venues like Kompoz.com are an integral part of this revolution. The quality of music on this cd is consistent, there is not just one or two good songs.. this is an extended cd with nothing short of stellar workmanship from conception to packaging. I too contributed to one track, and I am very grateful to be a part of it. Not because I am part of a commercially released cd. I am grateful to be a part of this revolution.
First, let me disclose that I am one of the musicians that performed on this CD.  I am also the producer.The music on this CD is truly unique.  It was created by 45 musicians, who have never met, brought together in the online world through Kompoz.com.  Working from all over the map, from the comfort of their home studios, these independent artists composed (we like to say "kompozed") and recorded these songs under the open collaborative licensing of the Creative Commons, inviting anyone to contribute to each and every song.For example, the song I contributed to is Track #11, titled "Down To The River".  On that song the drummer recorded his part in Kansas, the bass player in Stockholm, Sweden, the keyboard player Ohio, the singer in Chicago, and the lead guitar player in Miami, Florida.  Every song on this CD was created like that, with regular people from all over the world using the Internet to collaborate and create awesome new music!This is the future of music.
I have to go on record and say that i normally never write a review for any music unless i am moved beyond words... This album does just that!!! The voice of ERIC ARCENEAUX is like tasting water for the first time... there is nothing like it, yet you want more and more as it hits on every notion your mind and body yourns for. This artist and teacher foremost has put the passion of listening to talent in me that i lost in today's bubblegum period of entertainment. If you are a fan of Alicia Keys, this aritst takes the soul feel a step further as he bears life to each word... for all my real music lovers out there, please... take out some time to be born again in his music as i have... Real music lives once more!
This is an excellent CD.  Eban Brown is always on point, so is the rest of the stylistics.
I have nearly all Jeffery Smith CD's and they are by far better than many well know jazz artists.  If you really lovejazz guitar, then you should give Mr. Smith a try.  I believe you won't be disappointed.
Although another AMAZON reviewer indicates that Beauty Room has "the "British Air" sound of Zero Seven and that these two bands are not dissimilar, I disagree.  These two bands are not in any way similar, and Beauty Room does not attempt to measure up to Zero 7.Zero 7 has a more ambient sound with liberal touches of soul, whereas Beauty Room quotes the sound of 70's Bread, CSNY, Donald Fagen and America without trying to mimic or wax nostalgic of an era long gone.What this album has is tight harmonies backed up by crisp musical arrangements, and austere instrumentation.  Although lyrically a little too clever in approach, the lushness of the vocals more than compensates for this slight lyrical shortcoming.
Something different, but I like it a lot. Lovethe harmony. Listen and judge for yourself!!! I recommend it to anyone who loves music!!!
Luv Fyah! Awesome album, first 4 tracks are fire, the rest are great. Purchase this album, you won't regret it if you like the roots sound!
Tommy Tate cut a lot of records over a long career; never had the big hit to put him over the top, but he managed to become a cult hero among soul aficianados. I think this was his last album. The material (all of which he wrote) is more sophisticated than his well-known soul-drenched tracks up to this point, and the production may be a little too modern for hard core soul enthusiasts. Nevertheless, Tommy is at his apex as a singer on this album; this is definitely his best, and that's saying a lot.
This whole album gets me and my family grooving.  It's the exact sound I've been looking for in music.  Great group, I'll be buying more.
I have to admit not a great fan of the righteous brothers but I have to say I really liked this concert they really rocked the house so for me I really liked it
I don't often listen to Knock-off Italian superhero film soundtracks. But when I do, I always go for Italian Spiderman! Stay Thirsty my friends!
Never mind that Nicholas did not win the first place position on The Voice. He is the real winner!! A real musician in the sea of cookie cutter cuties.  This guy and The Feelin' are awesome.
Nicholas David opened my eyes and gave me hope when I saw him on The Voice. I had just about given up on today's music industry when I heard this man. His rendition of You are so beautiful nearly made my heart break. Words simply cannot do this man justice. He truly is a legend in the making.
Nicholas David does nor disappoint, this is one the best albums that I have bought in years. I would highly recommend it to anyone friend or foe.
There's just something about this guy and his voice... So glad for reality shows like The Voice that allow us to hear all the otherwise hidden talent. I think the world needs more vocalists like Nicholas David Mrozinski.
Im a fan of chill out music. A few days a go i was listening my favorite internet Radio station SMOOTH LOUNGE and they where playin the song Senorita and inmediately capture my atention. I took a pencil and wrote the name of this guy Savio Rego. From that moment The album all i want became one of my favorites, i listen all the time cause the music is so cool and soulfull. I highly recomend this artist.
Cool name, cool guy, cool songs! The San Francisco Bay Area resident is deliberately setting his course to Smooth by Smooth West with his debut release ALL I WANT. If Sade and John Mayer where to have a love child, he would sound like Savio Rego... cool, soulful pop with chilled beats wrapped around an acoustic guitar. Savio's songs are seductive, there's no question about it... featuring lyrics revealing open lust and melodies leading straight into hooky choruses. In my world, you can't ask for more. Songs like the Latin-tinged "Senorita," the breathy, "Miss You" and the subtly exotic "Jamaican Queen" are sure to reel in new fans real fast. Savio Rego grew up in Bombay and San Jose, CA... started playing guitar at the age of 13 (first song he learned was "Patience" by Guns N' Roses). Before releasing ALL I WANT, he explored Aviation and Finances. Focused and steady, he holds a Commercial Pilot License and has worked for a Fortune 500 financial services company. Today, however, he is exclusive to his music... he says "that's where his passion is." With more than enough passion to go around, ALL I WANT is all you'll need to make your personal play list a lot more exciting.
a strong willed and soulful jackson, one of the best jacksons. great music, awesome music, does not include such hits as: billie jean. or smooth criminal.
ANOTHER GREAT ALBUM BY MILLIE
nice groove to walk and exercise to and dance to. good beat. nice song i like it. it's on my mp3
When I first bought this album as a kid, I didn't have anything bigger than your average boombox. So I listened to this albums just as songs and enjoyed it even without the benefit of feeling the bass. Later on when I got a decent system I appreciated this album even more. It's not just for bass though, there's some creative, unique songwriting going on and it's a lot of fun. My favorite songs on here are: Phonz, Don't Stop The Bass, and Dstm 2. Anyone who likes any sort of electronic music should enjoy this. It's a shame that this type of music is sort of pigeonholed into the very small "bass music" category, when I think electronic music fans of all types could get into this. Both "It came from Outerbass II" and "Bass Computer" are great, but I'd have to say this one is better overall, it sounds like he spent more time on it and had perfected his craft.
AnnieMac is an R&B; flavoured quintet that embraces rock, pop and old-school R&B;: without taking away from their originality, think Bonnie Raitt meets Little Feat via The Band, after a long meander though the backwaters of Atlantic Records era soul (Wilson Pickett, Bobby Womack, Aretha Franklin, etc.) and a slight detour to check out Randy Newman.They're a sterling live act; tight, funky, all A-1 musicians - particular kudos to their ever-present lead guitarist Joe Diehl, arguably Oregon's tastiest and most soulful string plucker.  This fellow has more tone in his fingers than he knows what to do with."Ignition" features many songs from AnnieMac's live set.  It's a well-recorded, strong all-round first release with plenty of variety, good arrangements, and is well-sung.  If you don't find yourself toe-tapping to this one, you may already be a cadavar.They deserve to be huge, they already are in Ashland, Oregon...
The MP3 album FINGER POPPIN' TIME is a hot funk house of early songs by Ike and Tina and the Ikettes.I don't think this was an actual album, but some ingenious company took certain tracks and compiled them into this collection.What I really like is you can really hear the Ikettes in the background and Tina sounds great as usual. Sometimes the Ikettes take the lead on songs like  "Matador (maybe that's Ike on lead?)," "I'm Blue," "Trouble In Mind," "It Only Took A Moment," and "Your Love Is Mine."The "I'm Blue" is the Gong-Gong song but a different version than the one onThe Ike & Tina Turner Story [3CD]. On this version you can really hear the twang of Ike's guitar.You also get the blistering rendition of "You're No Good." Linda Ronstadt's version was the popular hit, but Tina blows that one away as she wails like nobody's business.Two things that are tiny problems. I downloaded this album on ITunes and there's about 10-seconds of silence at the end of each track, which is annoying. And although the tracks sound pretty good they could use a remastering. Some tracks are louder than others. Like "Down In the Valley" is really low in volume than the rest of the tracks.
What makes this a hit, the lyrics are beautiful and the vocalist have amazing vocal skills.  It is a beautiful love song that should be added to all lovers favorites.
Tonex has traditionally been a gospel artist, but this is a secular album. The only song I could get into is "rainbow", which I think is in reference to his coming out of the closet. Anywayz, I can't stop dancing to this song!!!!! Just listen.
I love this CD because it's not your typical R&B.  Great singing - just experimental enough to keep it from being predictable.
I'm building a neo-soul list on my ipod and I had to add this one to my list. It is worth a listen.
...or fall, just fly down and land in love with Mr. Holley (he wrote it I just stole it).  I was astonished by the wit and brilliance of his words.  One minute laughing the next crying, but at all times experiencing pure enjoyment.  I found out about him on soultracks.com. He's destined to be in your ear for a long time. Download this now--please you will not be sorry.
I purchased this CD, because I knew Dorian Holley from his work with MICHEL JACKSON as a backup singer for many years, and vocal coach in THIS IS IT.  Dorian is the keyboardist and singer in Rickey Minor's band on the TONIGHT SHOW with JAY LENO. It did not disappoint...Dorian is an excellent vocalist, and the music is done well. I was happy to see that he had issued a CD...and hope to see and hear more of him.  He and his band have recently completed some appearances in Los Angeles...a well attended event. (Unfortunately, I was not able to attend.)  I highly recommend this CD for the buyer's listening pleasure.
I've seen the great Dorian Holley singing b/g vocals for Don Henley & Rod Stewart over the years & always wondered who that cool suave dude with the golden voice was.  Well I now know & it's great to see that he not only has his own album out (which is terrific btw), but he's also the main vocalist on Jay Leno's Tonight Show.  That's really cool but watching him sing for 10 seconds when they go to or comeback from commericals just doesn't do this man justice. If you really want to hear one of the most gifted voices out there or you're a pop/jazz/r&b fan, I highly recommend checking out his website & also listening to his songs here on Amazon.  Believe me, you won't regret it & you'll also wonder why this guy isn't a household name by now.  Highly recommended album.
Dorian Holley is the ultimate VOICE!  I love to listen to his music, chilling with a glass of wine, and I just enter the zone.  I've bought cd's to give as gifts, this holiday season.  Stay tuned for more from this incredible musician.
I completely agree with the previous review, Thanks Amazon!! I can't believe this was free!But hey if you aren't sure if you're going to like the cd or not, take one minute and play the sample from each song!
Thanks you Jeff Bezos! This album really is a mind-bender. Very well mastered for an Indie release. I give most of the songs 4 or 5 and and round the album out to 5 stars because it's the best Amazon freebie of 2008!Good tunes for tough times.
Thanks for the free tracks, Amazon! You first won me over with the amazing Kindle (all hail the awesome Kindle), and now you've captured my mp3-lovin' heart! Lately, Amazon has much better deals than the iTunes' store. And these free tracks really clinch it for me. They are great, and I am SWITCHING!!! I love that they download right into my iTunes and sync with my iPod with no problem. The sound quality is outstanding too.
While Andy Williams rendition of "The Most Wonderful Time of the Year" is my favorite version the Lettermans' version ranks as my second favorite.  One thing I would change about the Wish List is I would make it possible for a person to delete an item simply because they have changed their mind about wanting the item.  Without writing a review the item just keeps reappearing on the Wish List after you try to delete it.
I heard this on &#34;Swinging With The Finkles&#34; and spent hours trying to track it down.  If you can't find it here, I guess it doesn't exist.
Just 5 is BACK!! The year 2008 marks the fifth anniversary for the group, and for that momentous occasion Just 5 has been working closely with producer Scott Zarific from Nashville, TN on their Debut EP "Songs to Help You Cope..." in honor of the late fifth member of the group, Justin Cope (1981-2007). The EP features songs written and performed by all 5 members of the group including Justin Cope. ALL PROFITS from purchases of this CD will be contributed to the Justin E. Cope Scholarship Fund at Charleston Southern University.Track List is as follows:1. Better Place (Justin Cope Tribute)2. Happy3. I'll Make It Up To You4. The Chicken's Served On Wednesday
These guys are AMAZING! The sound is great. You'll enjoy the music!!! I know I did and still do!!!!!!!
Classic Album. The artist did a great job creating this work....cant want until the next one because I would gladly buy another one. INSTANT FAN
Basheba is flowin for real on this one!  This is crammed with the jewels of knowledge of self.  This is the only kind of modern rap that I listen to.  I refuse to pay people to call me and my people n-s and mfers.She's got a very feminine and intelligent style and she obviously has good taste in music because the background music is fly.
Metric sys aided Marv to give this album a full sound. The beats. the bilingual poetry. the earnestness of Marv's work brings forth an album that is worth every penny... and everything else money can't buy
Heard these guys on spotify & immediately picked up this album.  Within a week I was driving to their nearest live show in Toronto CAN.  Great band & great album!  The charm of oldschool afrobeat except with the sound quality that comes from a decent producer (and) decent studio :-P.
Ear candy a must have.You can listen tothis during any part of the day. Smooth sound you will find yourself playing again and again.
This album is a real treat. It's my favorite John Legend album. So many good songs. It's like getting two for the price of one.
This is my favorite artist off all time. I would listen to any of his music at any time of the day.
This happens to be the third time that I've purchased this album. the quality of the album was done in that top notch John Legend fashion.
Any fan of John Legend should pick up this album combination. Two albums effectively for the price of one. Perfect for an all day listen through at work.
Little Antony is one of the few singers who's voice stay the same over the years,great old school.Did you know he made betyou by golly before it became a hit by the other group?
I have always liked Martha.this album was very good, all her stuff sounds great.you still got it Martha.good work,
this is a great album.  Whoever gave it low marks, must be insane !!  The lyrics are amazing and the song arrangement and vocals (and musicianship) are sensational.  Take a listen.
I downloaded these two, and I give each 5 stars.  How can anyone not love these two doo-wop classics?
This is a fantastic 8 track album chock full of nu-boogie funk goodness that masterfully sounds like it was recorded at the peak of the genre's heyday (late 70s - early 80's).  Rough and polished at the same time, with kinetic performances and hooks that will stick in your head long after listening to the album. You will not find a better funk album released in 2008. Looking forward to more music in this vein from Mr. Champion and co.
This is one of those songs that one really appreciates after one meets the nightmare of a date or partner.  It is fun to listen to and great to laugh with.
We were doing a skit for our club and decided on original Sam and Dave music.  This CD contained Soul Man, Mustang Sally, and several others that worked great for our program.  And we could understand the words so clearly it was easy to lip-sing.  Two girls dressed up like Sam and Dave and it was halarious.  Sure made it easy to put the program together.
I loved this cd - The music was fun and inspirational! The songs represent all age groups and musical types.  The mixture of songs, speeches by President Obama and Martin Luther King make this cd something really special.  This cd is a unique American tribute to the heart and soul of our country.
There is not a song on the CD that I don't like. They are all great. Wish he would come out with another cd. He has a fantastic voice. Highly recommend .
I purchased and downloaded this album and I have to say this is one of the best modern R&B albums I have heard in the last few years since it was released. I was surprised it wasn't more popular as famous as Rikrok is for his appearance on &#34;It Wasn't Me&#34; by Shaggy. If you liked his singing that song you will probably enjoy this album. I hope someday he will do a second album.
These cats are the shot in the arm that's needed today to revive hip hop. The clever lyrics and delivery coupled smooth neo-soul vocals and jazzy instrumentation puts a whole new spin on dirty south rap. YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD! I just hope that the industry gives them the opportunity they deserve.[...]
I've been waiting on this album ever since Mojoe's first Album Classic.Ghetto.Soul... They are one of the most underrated, under played hip hop groups out there. Quality lyrics, and super quality music... Real music from the real south. People outside of Texas need to recognize...PS: I live in DC - Nowhere near TX.
One of the most important aspects of James Brown's talents was how strongly linked his musical innovations were with his live performances. Much of his music,not to mention his musical innovations, developed from what he did on the stage as opposed to what happened in the studio. He was very much in the jazz tradition in that sense that recording tended to be an afterthought to his live shows. So often to get a taste of James in a specific era, one of his live albums is often the way to go. This one,recorded live at the Montreux Jazz Festical in 1981, came at a very important point for him in that regard."Payback" is a quick tempo medley of "Rapp Payback" and his 1974 original. From there its onto "Its Too Funky In Here",far faster and more instrumentally band oriented than the rather slick studio version. Amid his usual live standby of his earlier soul ballads such as "Try Me","Its A Man's Man's Man's World" and the uptempo version of "Please Please Please" he throws down a version of "Get On The Good Foot"-sometimes sung here almost in gibberish to keep up with the again quicker tempo than the mildly slower tempo original. "I Got The Feelin","Papa's Got A Brand New Bag" and "I Feel Good" are presented here as a non stop funk medley of sorts while the album ends with a short (and again faster tempo) version of "Sex Machine".Even for James Brown, this is a special live recording in many ways. In accommodating the post disco era,many of James' 70's funk classics are redone here with faster and more disco-dance friendly tempos-of course also having a lot to do with James'  iconic quick footed dance moves I'm sure as well. This was recorded during a period where James Brown,on both the pop and R&B; charts, was in great commercial peril. So his shouts of "I NEED A HIT" resonated on "Payback" perhaps even more here than they did on the original. This commercial dry spell wouldn't last happily. Yet James did what he always had done in his hard times on this album-toughed it out and found a way to make lemons into,in his case,funk.
I've seen this artist live at jazzy blu here in louisville kentucky. He is a very amazing artist i was mad at myself for not getting his cd at the end of the performance. While browsing amazon i seen that they had not one but both of his albums. I got both of them immediately. I would highly recommend you get both of his albums. No skipping you will enjoy it from start to finish. Hope he does another one soon.
I haven't had this much enthusiasm for a band in a long time but these cats are full of good , clean , fun music. I love a band that has fun playing music and these guys let the fun shine through in spades. I can't wait for the follow up.
Galt MacDermot is a celebrated composer and pianist - but perhaps his most often overlooked achievement is his artistic depth. Jazz across decades that is still fresh - listen to these tracks! So many jazz artists take a left turn, and produce music that is not "accessible" or easy to feel. Other artists water it down into elevator music. Not Mr. MacDermot. Drawing on his years spent in Africa, plus his classical training, Mr. MacDermot and his New Pulse Jazz Band continue to produce hit after hit after hit.Next Broadway show: Spotted Owl ... let's get a script!
This contains some of my favorite things including the cuts by Stormy Weather, but nothing better than Jerry Butler's rendition of &#34;Little Red Shoes.&#34;
All of the Rufus releases without the presense of it's revered lead singer Chaka Khan have taken a continually bad rap over the years. And of course the reason always come down to the same basic thing;sometimes no matter how musically able a band is they need a particularly magical singer to make the entire concept work. On the first two Rufus albums without Chaka group members Tony Maiden and Hawk Wolinski more or less take over on the vocal numbers and,for the most part concentrate on making the songs as instrumentally oriented as possible. This finale for Rufus was released during a time where many of the members,in particular drummer John Robinson had largely moved onto becoming session aces and came out towards the end of 1983. The band turned to the production of jazz-funk/pop producer George Duke for this album and despite the fact that this album was so commercially unsuccessful that many people to this day don't know it even exists it is a very creatively rewarding one. It features a variety of different types of songs that will work for just about every type of audience,from urban contemporary ballads to funk/pop and even some lightly pop/rock material. Of course the main reason for all of this are the strong instrumental and songwriting of Maiden and Wolinkski who really go out of their way on this album to make a musically satisfying recording. You'd expect from the greeting card-like cover art that this would be a totally bland and uninspired album. For the most part it is true this album comprises mostly of very slickly recorded pop/funk somewhat in the manner of Michael Jackson,not surprising since Jerry Hey,Paulinho DaCosta,James Pankow,Ernie Watts and Michael Sembello were all Mike's right hand men during this period. Some songs such the ballad "When I Get Over You" and the midtempo groove "The Time Is Right" feature the vocals of Aaron's son Ivan Neville(also a than burgeoning session talent at the time) while Hawk gives extremely credible performances on "You Turn Me All Around" and especially "Blinded By The Boogie",a slippery electro funk type tune with a slinky bass/guitar line and great harmonies between Hawk and Toni on the chorus. A mixture of horn style and eletro grooves show up on "Take It To The Top" and "Your Really Out Of Line",both featuring a lot of vocorders and a few Minneapolis style synth affactations now and again. The most similar to Rufus's late 70's style dance/funk was the guitar vamp of "You,The Night And The Music",again a showcase for Maiden. The most electrified number is the closer "No Regrets" where Hawks high,raspy vocals are wrapped around some heavily layered synthesizer riffs. One of course can only imagine how Chaka Khan would've handled this material had she been present and it all had the potential to be highly successful. Even so it's sad no one gave Rufus much of a change without Chaka Khan because they possessed plenty of musical talent and drive with or without her and it makes you wonder if they old saying was true in regards to the popularity of Rufus and Chaka coming not so much from the talents of either party but rather the eye candy Chaka always seemed to provide. If only music audiences weren't so superficial sometimes albums such as this might have had more of a chance of succeeding than they did.
I had the cassette from years ago. Could never find it in CD form. I always watched for it when it crossed my mind, but no luck. Then finally it became available in MP3. No hesitation, I snatched it up and am loving it.Thanks Amazon !!!!!
Very nice and has original artists on it. Brought back memories of the past. Not bad with a real good price tag on it.
the cd is just like i remembered it was back in the day when it first came out . A+++++++++
Rudy Ray Moore aka Dolemite, well known for his Party records and films. The Godfather of Rap. Before he was a comic, he was a R&B singer. A collection of his early records are in one CD called "Hully Gully Fever", this CD though, not well known was his comeback R&B album! The songs are great, very well produced, Rudy Ray's voice smooth as silk. To listen to the last track on this CD "Only Here For A Little While" really says it all, our lives are short, Rudy Ray lived to be 80, but what remains now is what he left behind for us, beautiful music, great comedy records and DVD's. Live live the Godfather of Rap and one hell of a awesome soul singer! Enjoy the CD!
I love it!  It is a great album to groove to.  I love her voice!
This is the best Temptation's album, from a great body of work. Every song has something to recommend it---and of course there is the ultimate Temp's song, "I Wish It Would Rain" This was, and remains, the peak of Temp. perfection.
The Temptations Wish It Would Rain is the last album that features the Classic 5 era with Otis Williams, Melvin Franklin, Eddie Kendricks, Paul Williams, and of course, David Ruffin (who was fired/quit from the group June 1968 after clashes with the group and drug problems). But whatever problems the groups were going through didn't show on the album. This is an outstanding album.1.)"I Could Never Love Another (After Loving You)" ***** The album opener and what a way to open. David Ruffin leads this song which was #1 on the R&B; charts in 1968. It's a beautiful song. David is in top form, the group's harmonies are on point, and the Funk Brothers turn this one out. On a sad note I believe the writer of the song committed suicide after writing this after his wife's infidelities (R.I.P. Roger Penzabene)2.)"Cindy" ***** David leads this this Smokey Robinson written track. An ode to his girl Cindy this track is also a strong one. I enjoy the harmonies Paul, Eddie, Otis, and Melvin were doing while David was upfront!3.)"I Wish It Would Rain" ***** This right here is a soul classic! David sings this song with so much emotion it's breathtaking. David Ruffin has got to be one of the greatest soul singers of all time. He puts his heart and soul in this song. The Tempts harmonies as usual are on point.4.)"Please Return Your Love to Me" ***** Eddie Kendricks leads this one which is another ballad that shows that even though David was singing the majority of the album, Eddie brought the house down on this! Sad, it's not as famous as the other singles of the album "Rain", "Never Love Another".5.)"Fan the Flame" ***** Another David led track that is so funky and has such a groove it's amazing. Love the 4 part during the break.6.)"He Who Picks A Rose" *** To be honest out of all the versions I heard of this song (Jimmy Ruffin, Edwin Starr, The Tempts) Jimmy has the best version and I don't really care for the Tempts version it's just an okay song. David leads this one.7.)"Why Did You Leave Me Darling" **** This is a song I could hear the Four Tops singing. It's a pulsating beat and I think the song should have been called "It's a Tragedy" because that's heard more than the title. David leads.8.)"I Tuly, Truly Believe" **** Melvin leads this great song that charted as an album track or B-side or something in 1968. It's great to hear Melvin lead this song. Eddie sings lead on this same track that's on another album.9.)"This Is My Beloved" **** Eddie sings lead on this beautiful ballad which is great. But to me the stand out is David, Paul, Melvin, and Otis singing the harmonies. Yes!!!10.)"Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got" ***** Paul Williams sings lead. Paul Williams is one of my favorite singers period he has so much soul, grit and emotion when he sings that you just shiver when he sings with his baritone voice. This is a cover Jimmy Ruffin's 1967 hit.11.)"I've Passed This Way Before" **** Another cover of a Jimmy Ruffin song, this time David taking a crack at his big brothers 1966 hit with Melvin doing the spoken parts in the song. Great track.12.)"No Man Can Love Her Like I Do" ***1/2 This is the closer of the album, the second of the the only 2 songs Paul Williams lead on the album. It's very bouncy not as bad as "He Who" but not as remembered as "Gonna Give Her..." but Paul gives it his all.This is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED album. Get it!!
I've never really been a fan of hip-hop, until this album.  Intellectual lyrics and beats crisscrossed with an ever-present life on the streets.  (Wow, did I come up with that? LOL.)
This was the music I grew up with I still enjoyed listening all over. I played it for my Kids and they had never heard of Sam Cooke and they love him!!
I wish they would have released these songs as a CD, also.  But this is a nice collection to introduce those who are unfamiliar with the great Sam Cooke.I love Otis and Marvin and Jackie Wilson, but this was the man!  Elvis Presley is the greatest singer who ever lived IMO.  After Elvis, Sam is a solid #2.  Roy Orbison could give both a run for their money, but Elvis and Sam were able to sing anything and everything better than well.  Or is it "good?"  Anyway, you get my drift, or Drifter, like Ben E. King.  Only Dusty Springfield, who is in my Top Ten, was as versatile as Presley and Cooke.If you don't like Sam, you don't like music!  If you have these songs, as I do, give them to someone who doesn't.  Open their minds and ears.Seal did a nice job on "A Change Is Gonna Come."  But he's not Sam.  You'll know after hearing 10 seconds of the original.If you never heard Sam, you owe it to yourself.  One warning: You'll stop listening to a lot of your old CDs.  With all due respect to the "singers" of today, they stink!!!!I hope someone will release a DVD of some of Sam's greatest TV performances--in full and unedited, with no commentary.  For now, "Sam Cooke - Legend" will have to do.  And it does just fine.Enjoy Sam.  A man for all times who was ahead of his time!
I love being able to listen to Sam Cook again on my iPad and from my computer anytime I want.
When the Headhunters recently released their new Platinum CD I was curious about the bass player who seemed to be able to funk it up as well as Paul Jackson.  So I searched and found this release. With Mike Clark on drums and two Headhunter tunes, this is a must have for Headhunters fans.  But it's also a really fine fusion album.The release showcases Goods as having the goods, covering ground that has been laid by Alphonso Johnson, Stanley Clarke and Paul Jackson -- on some classic jazz rock, funk and fusion tunes that should be familiar.  And he covers them ably. Goods has also recently played on Lenny White's Anomaly, and has actually been around for a while -- he just wasn't on my radar.I hope to hear more from him.
If you like Hip-Hop, if you like R&B, a little funk , and a silky smooth voice thrown in for good measure, this is your man! His style is so different and infectious, you'll be playing his tracks over and over again.  Don't lose sight of this artist!
I purchased a copy of this album and I have to say this is one of best R&B albums I've heard in a long time. The production is on point and his vocals are intoxicating. He has a wide variety of tracks that goes from dancing, lovemaking, and thought provoking tunes. I put him in the same category as Ginuwine, Raheem DeVaughn, and Marvin Gaye. If you want to hear some really good R&B then you must purchase a copy of this album.
I like the whole album. By Angel is the bomb.  Young and old men should find them an angel. and stop call women and young out of their names. we are Gods angels.
If you have ever heard someone sing, and just "Knew" they had that "It" you can't generally put into words, then you will simply love Raw Sunday!  Every song is touching and soul stirring!  And I say without reservations Rachael Bell, because of my learning of this CD, is now definitely one of my favorite singers!  If you love Sade, Maxwell, Tony Rich or India Arie, you will see why I mention them upon hearing Rachael.  She has a voice that is deep for a woman (Think Sade) (Or Anything But The Girl or Dido), but also is sultry, rich and sexy and also has the capacity to make you "feel" like when first you hear her, you're listening to an old friend.A while ago, someone told me that they play James Taylor's music in retirement homes because it relaxes people and makes them feel better.  That is the same affect I believe Rachael's music has...  It touches you emotionally and puts you in a zone and her delivery is always genuine and honest.  I encourage everyone reading this to google her name and check out some of her solo performances on you tube.  Rachael also sometimes refers to her own sound as "Country Soul."When you consider what we are subjected to listening to mainly by the media, and compare it to what Rachael sings, I feel personally, the world would be a better place if more listened to music such as she produces.  This isn't, what I like to refer to as "Fly By Night" music, meaning it's popular today, and no one wants to hear it tomorrow because there is another song that has taken it's place.  Rachael's music, like James Taylor and the others mentioned here, has a depth in the lyrics and the compositions that will be just as enjoyable years from now, as they are in the present.I also love her other CD Colour Me Blue but on this one, Raw Sunday, it's just Rachael and her guitar...An amazing combination all in itself...Buy this CD and play it when you want to relax and be taken to a better place...It will certainly transport you there.  And lastly, not only is she a truly gifted singer and musician but all you have to do is watch her video's and listen to her to understand she is truly a sweet and gentle soul as well.There are a lot of people in the "Music Business" who it seems, think the world revolves around them.  Rachael, who writes her own song lyrics, composes her own tunes, and performs them seems to be one of those angelic beings who is delivering the music, and is grateful to be doing that.  It's difficult to imagine her ever being the type of person that would be changed by the music industry.  Her music is down to earth though it seems to have originated from a heavenly place, but it is possible she might make some of the one's in the music industry with less talent, perhaps a bit more humble.  I also think when it comes to class, both her and Sade are in a league of their own in that department.Favorite songs on this CD?  Really honestly, all of them but "Get The Message", "To Die For", "Not The End Of The World", "I Think You Know"... I believe will have just about anyone singing along by the time the songs get to repeating the chorus portions again...  Which is another trade mark of her skills, it only takes hearing her once to know, she is something truly special indeed!Chase VonAuthor of Your Chance To Hear The Last Panther Speak
If you're not already familiar with Stewart Francke's music, this album will serve as a fine introduction to this stalwart of the Michigan music scene.  More particular labels like "rock", "singer/songwriter" "r&b", "blue-eyed soul" etc. are too confining as he excels at whatever style he takes on at the moment.  Recorded in the comfortable confines of Ann Arbor's legendary The Ark, this album contains some of Stewart's finest songs.  But be forewarned.  If you purchase "Alive and Unplugged", it won't be your last Stewart Francke album. You'll also want to pick up his newest album "Heartless Wold" with guest artists Bruce Springsteen and Mitch Ryder.
This is the best cd confession on love I ever heard.This cd contain the power of love and truth that penetrate your spirit and soul so deep that you cannot denied it. International best seller author Phillip A Baker did it again and demonstrate that love never fails.[...]You can also listen to his international podcast on love on itunes store throughout more than 100 countries worldwide.
I was groovin to this EP in the car.  It's a combination of spacey reverie with a new sound that I love. This guy is definitely talented!
I love this EP from beginning to end.  I heard "Talk 2 Me" while listening to a podcast from laid-back.be and couldn't stop myself from repeatedly rewinding it.  This is like the perfect mix of gritty drums and spacey synth lines. Can't wait to hear more from B.Bravo!
Any Americans travelling to the Philippines should be familiar with this band. Doing so will help you fit in. Princesa is almost a national anthem especially in any bars with a live band.
In another review, a customer says this is an album by The Hit Crew. That's a mistake, far as I can tell. There's another MP3 album on Amazon of the same name by the Hit Crew; this is not it. Listen to the samples and decide for yourself.
I saw these guys open for Galactic just the other night and they tore the roof down! They got the usually small, lethargic opener crowd dancing. Which if you've been to a concert, you know is impressive. The album is old school soul from Tim Crane et al straight out of Austin. Horns, lovely backing vocals, and the requisite dose of gospel influences make this album an absolute win. But for a true experience, see these guys live, they'll have you swinging in no time! If you need further proof, check out their review on NPR. Raves all around :-)
I found these guys through Myspace and instantly fell in love with their sound.  I've had this album for close to two years and I still can't get enough of it.  For anyone who loves the old Stax Records sounds (i.e. the great Otis Redding, etc.), this is a must have.
This is a really great well put together album.  Along with a song for very principle of Kwanzaa, there are songs to consider for a good wholesome life.  Everyone needs to learn the title song - Kwanzaa Time.  I am glad that I bought this CD!
Music from the heart and soul, you probably grew up with.  Lost days on the radio back when big cars were classic
Great music/recordings by original artists. Who could pass up Barry White or Marvin Gaye. My only dislike is that the song "Who's making love" is an instrumental.
Has a variety of artists and songs.  Very good selection.  Lets you enjoy the gone but never forgotten songs and artists
Roy Head remains on of the greatest entertainers alive. Anyone that's had the fortune of seeing him let loose at The Ponderosa Stomp can attest to this glorious fact. He has a wild streak and uncontrollable urge to tear it up and shake it down like no other. These rockin' blue-eyed soul numbers demonstrate what he does best...take old school James Brown, Swamp rock, and Texas twang and bust it out with a sexy swagger and a delivery that sounds like Tony Joe White on fire. I guarantee you that you will immediately yank everything else out of your CD player and focus on these gems, learning new dances and finding reasons leave work early to roll down your windows and let it all hang out, getting into the left lane and heading as far away from home as your car will get you tonight. It's a SMASH!
Lisa Chauntel's diverse types and usage of music made this cd enjoyable:There is a worship aspectTaking time out to live and be who God made you to beAnd to have fun!I would recommend this cd to anyone it makes you participate and lifts you up!
Just a few words to describe Lisa Chauntel's new CD!Great vocals, rich musical accompaniment, and a shrewd song arrangement allow this artist to tell a story about who SHE is, as well as help us feel better about who WE are!Don't believe me???Try this: I dare you to listen to the song "Beautiful", and not find yourself swaying with the beat--AND FEELIN' GREAT!!!  :)And the good feeling just keeps flowing throughout this CD!GREAT debut Lisa Chauntel!I look forward to MUCH MORE from this young lady!!!
Live Laugh Love is a great CD.  I love the words of the songs and the apparent musical thought that was taken to put this project together.  It reminds me to Live everyday as though it is a gift, Laugh because life is too short to take everything so seriously, and to Love myself and the people around me without condition.  I hope to hear much more from Lisa Chauntel in the near future.
I DON'T KNOW WHY IT SAYS "POST," BUT IT IS "THE POET."  THIS IS AN EXCELLENT COLLECTOR'S CD.  I DIDN'T REALLY CARE FOR HIS ACOUSTIC FLOW, BUT THIS ALBUM WAS ALWAYS HOT!
booby womack dedicates this to all the lovers..he gets down on ' if you think you are lonely now, wait untill tonight..
I have many Bobby Womack CD's,  I down loaded this one to keep it close to my heart. RIP Bobby and Patrick. Oh how I miss you....
Bobby Womack back in 1981 released this classic album that truly Brought him back fully. If you think you are lonely now was cold blooded&right on time. 'Secrets" was my jam as well. I always dug the line just like some Kentucky Fried chicken. where do we go from here is tight as well. Bobby Womack is a Great Soulful Vocalist. the Brother can Write&has a strong tone on Guitar. he was putting the rap down on Record before it was even fashionable. He truly lived up to the title on this Classic Album.
If you are a fan of soul and r&b; do yourself a favor and buy this album ASAP. It goes straight back to the roots of 1970s motown with elements of pop rock circa Don Henley in the 80s. All the songs are focused on lyrics and the tune itself. Really no Richie Kotzen extended solos, just brief moments where he fills the song in.Seriously, this is an absolutely incredible album from top to bottom. You'll have more repeats at the back end, but every song is good. BUY IT!
I have been listening to his singles on the radio here in Panama and I have found them to be very refreshing and genuine. Today I bought the CD, it is great. In my opinion one of the best CD's to come from Panamanian artists in a while. Listen to the samples here in Amazon, and hear for yourself.
Great mix of Saddle Club songs! Luv that it's digital, easy to transfer files to phone music playlist & listen on the go! Makes a great Saddle Club album to start out with! Wish that it came with linear notes though. Great value!
I love anything Seal but this was a "rare" treat!  I love his redo of The Wind Cries Mary and Hey Joe.  He can do anything with his voice!
This is a great album. Miki Howard is underrated, but this album is awesome. She does a good tribute to her primary inspiration.
I bought this album on tape when it was originally released. Needless to say the tape has seen better days. I was so glad to see the album released in CD!! In my opinion this was the best album by Slave. Back when vinyl albums rarely had more than two or three decent cuts, this album was the rare exception! Every song was good which is why I wore out my cassette!
Even though "Feel So Real" was burning up the dance floors in the mid eighties, especially in Europe, many people never explored the album "Dancin' in the Key of Life" by Mr. Arrington. It's a shame because, as good as the fore-mentioned track is, the whole album is a funk tour-de-force. I have had the cassette of this and the subsequent two albums all these years and was wondering when someone would make this music available again. Full of socially conscious lyrics with a definite christian overtone, this album is a joyous celebration of life couple with a significant dose of street realism - as in "Willie Mae" and "Brown Baby Boy". Although I would prefer to have the physical CD in hand , I am more than tempted to get the mp3 album in the meantime and remind myself - just how good Steve was 'back in the day' and how criminally overlooked as an artist with something to say.His follow-up "the Jammin' National Album" is every bit as strong and also available. His only record for MAnhattan "Jam Packed" has yet to resurface - but is a worthy contribution to the trilogy offunk/soul offerings from the Rev, Arrington back in the 80's. His latest music appears to have recaptured his groove.
The CD came quickly. I was surprised by the packaging even though I was not unpleasantly so. The CD came in a plastic sleeve that contains the CD with the original LP image on a cardboard inner jacket that is identical to the LP graphics. The CD itself has the same graphics on the non-playing side of the CD as the inner Cotillion Records label on the 1979 LP. It wasn't until I played the CD that I was floored!...Excellent quality digital remastering with almost undiscernable hiss from the original analog master tape. This is the album I have been waiting for!Anyone who purchases this CD will get an honest product at a reasonable price. I will buy from this vendor again as soon as they remaster and offer the funk group Ebonee Webb.
This MP3 was purchased because my vinyl copy was lost/stolen. A classic funk album at a GREAT price (99 cents less than iTunes). Looking forward to see MORE discounts!!!
Many Slave fans have requested this album years. In fact I actually wrote a letter requesting this release on diigital media myself. There appears to be about 25 Slave compilations over the years, but no "Just a Touch of Love" release? I guess the thinking is let's milk the consumer for as much as we can get via numerous compilations and then release the desired CD as a whole.In any event, Just a Touch is one of my favorite Slave releases and I'm glad it is finally available.
No words for how amazing this album is. super fungky!!! the title track is genus and sends fire through my spine, Thank you is a soulful but stil funky gem, Funky Lady is a nice funk rock experience, and warning is silly devation to p funk style. A fungked up gem!!
Don't let the album cover fool you! He is going to eat that baby, just listen to the album. Soft munches are heard in the background throughout.
If you are tired of the same old mechanical beats and those cookie cutter all I can do whine type of songs made for young kiddies...then your breath of fresh air is here!Lyrics you can appreciate, the sound of real muscial instruments with quality production and arrangement..allow me to introduce you to Mr. Ty Causey....Music for those mature enough to know what REAL R&B; is suppose to sound like......
Been a reggae fan for 30 years; LOVE this artist! Great vocals, crisp lyrics, and tough beats that, on tracks 2, 3 and 9 evoke reggae's halcyon days of old. 87
Great album excellent prodution ,Ja finest Vocalist . We haven't heard a voice like this in Reggae in Years. Compare her to Marcia Griffiths, she  pure heart and soul. Been touring with Michael Franti and singing her heart out."Shine on Jamaica" should be a huge hit! Shine on Sly and Robbie for great prodution!
I truly enjoyed this CD, a very talented R&B group a sound that is missing in today's music. This a CD that you will not be disappointed if you love R&B this is the CD. Amazon service is Great!!
If you like down to earth singing get this cd! People this is REAL SINGING! Hearing Ten-63 The Browns remind me of The Temptations, Bloodstone, Walter Jackson, Teddy P, & Ali (Ollie) Woodson all wrapped up into one wonderful harmonizing bundle. I play this cd every day. I am hooked on their sound so I know I will be collecting everything else they release.
Chuck Strong is one of my favorite blues artist.  If you like the blues, especially the East Texas style blues, you will love Chuck Strong.
I heard this and had to get it.  Great R&B;/reggae mix of sounds.  His version of "So In Love" is outstanding, had it on repeat for awhile.Recommended!!!!!!!
This album is a true gem.The best of 2009.Bitty McLean is a great soul singer who happens to do Reggae music. On MOVIN' ON, he teams up with the master Reggae production outfit, the legendary Sly Dunbar and Robbie Shakespeare, who demonstrate that they are still on the very top of the game when it comes to creating great arrangements, superb melodies and heavy heavy heavy riddims.All current Jamaican productions pale in comparison to this exquisite collection of 16 songs. Beyond Reggae, this album is on a par with international pop and R&B;, it just needs the same exposure.I found his website [...] it is nice too
I Have Been Enjoying This Track Off The "Northern Soul 2008" Album For Almost A Year...It's SOOOOOOOOO Great!!! The Second Track Is Just As Good And The Videos On YouTube Are HOT!!! Holly Is As Gorgeous As She Is Able To Sing!! A Bright Future For This Young Lady!!!
Finally someone had the good sense to produce the karaoke version of this masterpiece. Excellent quality. Perfect is all I can say!
This is R&B music at it's best!!! This is real music! If you've been missing real writing, real vocal ability, and a true musical talent....then this is a must have!
I love every song. A real change from the majority of artists out today; Aisha is a tribute to artist of the past with the sound of today. Very nice tracks the music has a nice flow. A must have in your collection.
I have explored the 60's for decades in a major way.  Some would say I forgot the decades before and after.  I didn't forget but, the 60s are the 60s.  It occurred to me one day that I still had no Yardbirds music.  I have everything from The Beatles, Stones, Who, Kinks, Cream, etc. but no Cream.  As usual Amazon has what I want at a reasonable price, very clearly described, and quickly downloadable.  Boy was I missing some great stuff.  Thanks Amazon!
What would you expect from a tunnel rat member? Nothing but pure heat! Zane is a very talented, intellectual emcee who constructs her words and delivery to ride the beats like a bull rider.An album of this calibre was a long time coming, it was just a matter of waiting until when she was ready to grace us with the opportunity to hear her soul.Very dope album! I recommend it!
This record is a classic. Like they used to make in the 70's. Old school soul, Funk. Never heard a voice that reminds you of so many great singers ( Randy Crawford, Lanryn Hill, N'dea Davenport ) The song YOU WILL ALWAYS BE FREE is so reminiscent of Oleta Adams early work and certainly the highlight of  this album.
Every so often, when coming across the music of a new artist, I have an almost spiritual experience.  Zaki was one of the latest artists who invoked such strong feelings.While on one of my usual online quests to find exciting new music, I happened to run across a blog that mentioned Zaki Ibrahim and a few other recent Canadian artists of which to take note.  So I looked her up on Youtube and ran across a brief video sampler of her Eclectica in Purple EP that completely blew me away.  I had never seen an album promotional piece that ridiculously cool before.  It was as if the most artistically gifted kid from your high school grew up and after honing his/her craft, decided to collaborate with an exceptional music artist.  Perfection.  The video was so fresh and intriguing that I was already hooked before Ms. Ibrahim even opened her mouth to sing.Zaki has a rich, sultry voice that is at times reminiscent of Sade ("Connected") and at other times reminds me a bit of Esthero ("Grow Again").  In my book, both comparisons are very high honors, particularly because at the same time Zaki distinctly sounds fresh and one of a kind.Eclectica is such a good EP because it is a very diverse collection of songs, yet they all seem to be held together by some sort of ethereal cohesiveness.  A definite pick up if you're a fan of any of the artists mentioned above.A heartfelt 5/5 Stars.
I can never get enough of this album. But.. I'm always misplacing the files.So.. i'm buying again. This makes it 3, me thinks.Last album I did that with was Jai's HEAVEN. Both mark my love of electronic melody. Cannot get enough... and for sure my future kids will know all the words too.
Seriously, I've always been very shy about singing.  I can carry a tune but always kind of stayed in the background, like in the chorus or the congregation.In Open Your Mouth & Sing, the breathing tips and exercises are great for expanding my capacity to sustain notes -- on KEY!The instructor, Cyney Davis has a fantastic voice and I felt like the teacher was in the room. It would be exciting to actually take lessons with her.  I think she could work all the fear out of me.I really like this CD.  The lessons challenge you and I know I sing better now. I recommend this for the beginner, the wannabe, and someone just wanting to sing better.Maryelle B
I own Mega Ran, Mega Ran 9, and Mega Ran 10.  Gotta say, amazing beats, lyrics, and story.  Mega Ran 9 was the best album out of the three that I own, especially noting my favorite song, "Splash Woman."  Keep up the good work, Random.  I'll always be checking you for new albums.
Great band, Great music.  Funky.  I hope the head honcho in charge of such decisions decides to do right and put this out on CD.  And Gee, maybe even a big box set?  BTW, I'd love to see a DVD with back-in-the-day concert footage in that box set, k?
I cannot believe I am the first person in the world to review this GREAT album.  If you love the funk then buy this album NOW.  Do nothing else, just click buy and then think how you will thank me when you see me in a bar in New Orleans!  These Dutch guys are seriously funky and know how to throw down a tune!
I can highly recommend it. I heard of Max Mutzke during a trip to Germany on the radio and I enjoy his style of music.
Beautiful soulful voice, and awesome beats--this music makes me feel very happy :)I first heard Jamesking via Animoto [online video editing software/platform] with tracks "Seasons" and"Why" and "Come with me" and my absolute favourite: "GOLD". I'm so glad this is available on Amazon, I've only seen 2 full album mp3's so far.Lied to Me
Well the "first time" I refer to is my first time listening to a full on Soulive album. That was one reason for picking this up. The other was the involvement of Nigel Hall on vocals. He's a keyboard player/vocalist who,with no intentional bragging, I must say I actually knew in his early days of performing. And quite well. But it was more giving a group a fair chance in my case. I've listened to so much funk of different types such as jazz funk,techno funk,boogie funk,dance funk and flat out funk funk. During the late 90's/early 2000's there seemed to be a particular emphasis on a type of funk that very closely followed the James Brown production approach. Not necessarily his innovative instrumentation. But more the idea that his sometimes ragged sounding productions were intentional. So the end result was a lot of bands such as Greyboy All Stars and Lettuce,early in their careers making records with a live band sound but comparatively meager production values at times. I honestly felt Soulive tended to be a little that way at times. But since funk snobbery seems almost like a contradiction in terms to me this seemed like the first album of theirs I'd want to take a look at.And a funky album it is for sure. It's mostly instrumental and very very inventive. And since the musicians on this album never number more than five it's surprising how full the sound is. The title song and,"Backwards Jack" and "The Swamp" are particularly heavy that way. Somehow,the way the drums and guitar are played in such a way that the sound is full near the point of bombastic. Not usually the way one would think of funk,a music usually defined by breaks and rests. But the energy level is so heavy and the grooves are so strong that it hardly makes a difference. Nigel who,honestly from what I heard of him live,either was heavily directed or touched up in the studio to enhance his "untutored" vocal ability (trust me,it's true) does justice to the more "united funk" type jams such as the topical "people music" of "Too Much" and more midtempo closer "Prototype". These have more of a Tower Of Power melodic pop funk type flavor,the latter with great vocal over dubbing adding to the occasion. The crawling "PJ's" benefits from these spacey organ flourishes. Even before the advent of the synthesizer,it's amazing the level of unusual sounds a Hammond organ was capable of if played by talented people. Alan Evans takes one lead vocal hear,grunting his way through the very JB inspired "Tonight" rather than Nigel's crooning approach.So it works more than surprisingly well. It features a band that possesses some strong first class talent in terms of funk as well as...some who shall we say aspire to be world class talent . And even on the one song I neglected "For Granted",they have a strong rootedness to their music. On that song alone it's a clear reminder of the influence of Hugh Masekela's African jazz and afro-latin boogaloo had one the very beginnings of funk in the early to mid 60's. Considering the fact your likely to find Soulive in the jazz section of a record store is also an important statement. Funk,same as jazz,stands very much on it's own as being spawned from a mixture of different musics stirred together like a gumbo. It's no irony that historically both music's have roots in New Orleans. But without getting too far off subject Soulive are one of the few bands I've heard that have played what I refer to as "traditional funk" (if there was actually be such a thing) and still allow the different musical ingredients of the "funk stew" to stand out in a big way. Very much recommended to all Soulive fans. And also I would say not too bad a way to get into them either.
Yo! That cd is the BOMB! The sound that they put out is 1-of-a-kind! It is unique and to me, it is quintessential SOULIVE! SOULIVE IS NEW YORK CITY TO THE BONE! Keep on puttin it out like THAT!  The only "beef" I had, was not about the cd, but the fact they didnt send me a cd cover. But for $5, I couldnt beat it with a bat. PLUS THE CD WAS LIKE BRAND NEW! MUCH PROPS TO AMAZON.COM
This is a great package. The CD is loaded with new Soulive grooves and a mix that takes me back a few years, before overproduction became the norm for a large part of the recording industry.  This CD has got some definitive groove moments here.  Nigel's voice on the vocal tracks is superb.  The mix is good and the horns add a great dimension.  But the real jewel here is the DVD.  This DVD is a cooker.  The film work and the sound quality are spot on.  I own a lot of music DVD's and this ranks near the top of my list.  The band is TIGHT and when the horns kick in, WATCH OUT!!  Everybody does great work on this DVD.  But the standout in my opinion is Neal Evans.  He does double duty -- bass keyboard and Hammond B-3. His bass lines are off the chart and so funky, I can't stand still.  True, I'd prefer he play a true B-3 pedal board but whatever, you can't have it all.  This package is a must buy for any Soulive, jazz-funk, etc. music lovers.
Up Here has its own vibe. The music just has a particular sonic sound which is this beautiful, layered funky masterpiece. It straddles the line between gritty and old-school but also current and with advanced audio. The performances are great.Up Right - Up Here comes crashing in from the very first track, which is absolutely live energy encapsulated. It has a great mix, the Shady Horns really add, Neal plays some really cool piano, but the organ solo just smacks everything out of bounds. This song is a message, saying "we're here and we will deliver the goods." This track is smokin'The Swamp - The album continues the two words per song title motif with The Swamp, a nice, moodier but still funky second tune. It still has a punch and a kick to it, but gives the same live energy through a somewhat different sound. There is lot of full-panned delay which does nicely, and some awesome clavinet riffage. Not to mention octave guitar. Alan Evans keeps everything full of energy and right in the pocket, where it should be. The outtro length might be a little excessive, but it doesn't really matter.Too Much - Nigel Hall is a master. Soulive is legendary. Therefore, this track kicks some serious behind. It is funky, soulful, and features a great james-brown style groove courtesy of the drummer, Alan Evans. All around great track. Everyone gets the solo baton passed to them, and does good work with it.Backwards Jack - Comes out of the left field, sounding like a lost Lettuce record. It is still very soulive, and features some great leslied guitar. Krasno has fun with this one. There's also a wah horn solo.PJs - This track wins. Every note is perfect. Just sit back and enjoy. It just envelops you.Tonight - I would have preferred Nigel Hall singing on this one, and more than one verse, but it is still a fun song. Just not the greatest, and somewhat repetitive verse-wise.Hat Trick - One of the greatest grooves on this record. It kills. The opening riff is just incredible, and the garagey drum sound propels the whole track up another level.For Granted - A pretty good, breezy funksoul instrumental. Papa's Got a Brand New Bag style, but a little looser.Prototype - They do this song better than Andre. Nigel does a great job, the horns are a great addition, and the Evanses hit the groove and make the whole thing take off. A great ending.It's only 9 songs, but all of them are great. There is no filler of any sort.
Soulive is definitely back with this album. Could be considered one of the best by them. I'm really digging the album art too, very creative compared to their previous ones. This could be a new beginning for this band.
Nasty is the only word I can come up to describe this CD. This is classic FUNK plain and simple. Tight and beautifully arranged, I could go on and on but five stars says it all.
Soulive has done it again with another fabulous piece with with Up Here.  An added bonus to this is disc is the included (edited) DVD concert of a couple of shows they did at the Blue Note in Tokyo.
Great album. Upbeat, insightful, reflective, ... I hope these guys make it big so they spread their music to a larger audience. Don't wait, don't think too hard, buy it and start loving it.
Great songs, great artists, great entertainment! I love to listen to these tracks over and over again. Better than the original versions.
The Original Bros talk about their feel of the blues, the influence of the famous Saturday Night Alumni, life in Austria, their favorite Motown artists and more...DM) What makes you the "original" as opposed to Belushi & Aykroyd?JB) In our opinion, the success of the legendary Blues Brothers doesn't just root only on the popularity of Belushi and Aykroyd and the movie.It's also their somehow unique interpretation of all-time favorite Blues and Soul songs (mostly) from the 60ies and 70ies that opened this music to a wide-spread audience covering almost all ages, colors, or social position.It's questionable, if Belushi and Aykroyd ever saw it this way or realized it back in the late 70ies, when they started to perform as the BB's. Also, there's a big difference in between how European and American audiences see and understand the movie and the music.Due to the fact, that neither Helmood or I are famous entertainers or comedians (yet?), we always tried to deliver a similar "message" to our own audience. This means, that we try to keep classic Blues and Soul alive by combining it with more modern elements and also some good ole' Rock.At the other hand, we take new compositions and re-arrange them with typical style-elements of the 60's and 70's, so that our conversion sound as if they were the original and the actual original was the cover-version. (May sound a little confusing, but it's the shortest way to describe it)The result is "Rock'n'Soul" and, as we experienced so far, also a very wide-spread audience loves this. We performed at Folk-festivals as well as at Techno-clubbings and our shows were not just accepted, but even highly acclaimed by those audiences.And last but not least, we write our own original songs that always contain various elements of classic Blues, Soul and a portion Rock, that fit to our repertoire and go perfect with the big classic tunes as well.Beside all that, we're true and big fans of the BB's and didn't want to confuse the audience by naming ourselves "Blues Brothers revival... tribute... double..." or whatever. From the beginning on, we divided our complete repertoire in 30% BB's, 40% others and 30% original songs.We never wanted to end up as a pure tribute-band. Much more we always want to improve and develop our music and this in the way we understand the musical "message" of the BB's.We didn't want to act as impersonators, fakes or whatever and we always underlined that we are "originals" ourselves.That's why we choose "The Original Brothers" for being our band's name.DM) What are the differences in how the see the movie?JB) Americans were familiar with Belushi and Aykroyd as comedians from the SNL-show. Both already had success, even as "The Blues Brothers", who had a no.1 hit-single with "Soulman" in 1978 in the US and a very well selling album named "Briefcase Full Of Blues".But like I mentioned before, in Europe Belushi and Aykroyd were hardly known then. The "Saturday Night Live Show" for example, was about totally unknown, especially in non-English speaking countries. Even Belushi's prior movies "1941" and "Animal House" didn't have enough success in Europe, to make him become really popular here.The next thing is about the music. Artists like Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin or John Lee Hooker did not have a wide fan-community in those days. Only insider knew a little more about them but their greatest hits. (James Brown, of course, was en exception).Black Soul-music, "Stax" and "Motown", even Blues etc. were something like a white dot on the map for most Europeans, who mostly thought that American music means "The Beach Boys", "The Bee Gees", "Grease", Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra and not too much more.We shouldn't forget that many European countries didn't even have private radio or TV back then, at the end of the seventies. So people only knew what their public stations offered them.Example Germany:Back in the sixties, those programs were stuffed with 50ies Rock'n'Roll, translated into German and sung by German Artists. There was no time and no space for Soul and Blues on German radio. Similar things happened in other European Countries, with some exceptions of course - but not too many.So when the "Blues Brothers" movie came out, it was announced as "The Blues Brothers - The Most destructive duo since Nitro and Glycerin". And the audience paid their attention mostly to the car chases. People didn't talk about the music or the legends of soul acting as "normal" people - they only said: "Did you see how many cars they destroyed?"It took them several years and - I'm sorry about that, but it seems to be true - Belushi's early death, to get more into it all and understand a little more about, why this movie is still an outstanding one.DM) A European once told me that there was no such thing as an American culture, that it was just a mix of all the other cultures. What do you think?JB) A country's culture is always related to the peoples that live within its borders and so also a mixture of many influences.For example, the famous Austrian culture and it's many famous names. Everybody knows Mozart, Strauss, etc... - But even Beethoven, Schubert and many others spent a long time of their lives in Austria.Austria was always, unlike most other European countries, inhabited by many different cultures and peoples. Slavonic, Jewish, Mediterranean, Northern, Roman, etc... mixed up and builtwhat is known as "Austrian Culture" with all its famous music, poetry and architecture.In the 18th and 19th century (and also the 29th century of course), many artists and intellectuals left - or even were forced to leave - Europe and immigrated the US.They're a specific culture developed and this one also included new influences from Afro-American, Asian and Latin origin.The entire topic is definitely too complicated to be discussed here, but in my opinion there's no doubt, that America's got an own culture.Due to the developments since the 20ies of this century, when distances became less prohibitive and the telecommunication became more and more simple, faster and effective, "Culture" becomes more and more something, that happens all around the world (except in those countries, that have a very restrictive stand against new developments and influences, because of religious or other reasons.)Today, a new movie, a new CD or whatever can reach hundreds of millions within only a few days through media like TV or Radio or within seconds through the WWW.Well, of course that's a little simplified now, but I really do think, that "culture" can not be anymore happen in just one country. Maybe some new trend starts somewhere, but it will be taken further all around the world.That we came this far roots a lot onto the fast developing music-, film-, and media business in the US (since the 1920ies) And yes, there's always money involved, but that's the way things are going. There are many examples therefore, that if there's no money - the culture suffers heavily and can't develop itself anymore.I hope, I made my point. Like I mentioned before, it's a very complicated topic. But it's absolutely ridiculous to say, America doesn't have an own culture.DM) Did Belushi & Ackroyd ever contact you about your act?JB) When Helmood and I founded the band in 1989, we first thought about naming the band "The Good Ole Blues Brothers Boys Band" just as "Elmwood" introduced the BB's in the movie at "Bob's Country Bunker".We appeared under this name from 1990 to late 93. The funny thing about it is, that we played only some 6 or 7 songs from the BB's at that time and had over 70% of our own original songs in our repertoire.In late 93, plans for our first CD occurred, which was planned to become a live-CD. Since we were invited to perform with the BB-band while they were touring in Austria, we kept in contact with the band-members and their manager Glen Palmer.We asked them, if there was any problem we might be facing in the future, if we use "Blues Brothers" as a part of our bands own name. Well, the BB-band didn't have anything against it. But before we were up to start the production of our upcoming CD, I wanted to be 100% sure, that this is definitely O.K. with the copyright-owners.So I contacted Glen Palmer and he gave me the address of Pam Jaclyn, an attorney in Portland OR and sister of Judy Jaclyn Pisano (the widow of John Belushi).I contacted her and it turned out, that in fact no-one else ever asked for a permit to use the name. (instead of a musical production in London)At a meeting in Portland, Dan Aykroyd, some members of the band and Mrs. Jaclyn decided, to refuse to give us a permit to use "Blues Brothers" within our name, but highly appreciated, that we officially asked for it.Well, we weren't disappointed. Because we were already thinking about changing the name for something shorter. The old name didn't really fit onto our posters anyway.Under these circumstances and according to the other reasons, about which I've been talking above, we took "The Original Brothers".I informed Mrs. Jaclyn about our decision and she was satisfied with it and Helmood wrote a letter to Dan Aykroyd and also sent him our new CD.A couple of weeks later we received a letter from Dan Aykroyd in which he pronounced his appreciation for our work and thanked us for our loyalty. (A little later, he sent us an autographed poster also.)DM) Were you disappointed in their turning down your request?JB) Well, a little. But we saw their reasons for their decision. At the other hand, we never wanted to be just another tribute-act or look-a-like band. So we didn't have any problems with choosing another name for our band.And the old name was a little too long anyway, to fit onto the posters and to keep it in the minds of our audiences. The new name offered the opportunity, to use more of our own potential again.The only thing that disappointed us a little was, that obviously, we were the only band that ever asked for such a permit (except the musical) and there are still tons of other bands performing under the name "Blues Brothers" without taking care of a permit or something like that.We took the hard way, but we're satisfied now. It would have been much easier to get bookings and raise some money for productions, if we still were some "Blues Brothers #857" - act. But like I said, it's only a job then, it's like if you go to work and manufacture something. We wanted to invent our own original music and that's exactly what we can do and what we actually do as "The Original Brothers". Even though we still play "Soulman", "Gimme Some Lovin" and "Everybody Needs Somebody To Love".DM) What inspired you to form the "original brothers"?JB) Helmood and I had a band back in the mid-80ies that played only original songs. By chance, we ran into a flock of American tourists and they shouted out: "Hey! You're the Blues Brothers!" (although, we didn't wear hats, shades, etc...)To be honest, neither Helmood nor I knew any details about the movie at that time, but naturally we became curious. So we went to see the movie a couple of weeks later and we were shocked by the similarities between the characters played by Belushi and Aykroyd and ourselves.In Europe the majority of the fans still only knows the movie itself and the soundtrack. But as we were musicians, we started to collect all information we could get.We "discovered" the whole story of the BB's and the band (there was no "Saturday Night Live" ever in Europe) and of Aykroyd and John Belushi, who was only known for his parts in "Blues Brothers" and a little bit for "Animal House" here in Europe. (BTW: The German translation for the movie-title "Animal House" was "I guess a horse kicks me" - and who wants to see a movie with a title like that?)We wanted to play some of the BB-songs with our band but the other musicians weren't convinced. So we put together a completely new line-up by placing a newspaper-ad that said: "Jake and Elmwood are bringing the band back together."Two months later we started to perform and since then, with still growing success.Well, I hope these answers are understandable. After all, I'm Austrian and although I'm in the States quite often, my English writing could be a lot better.If you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to drop me a line. There's a good chance that we'll come to the US either by the end of the year or early next year.Currently we're playing some one-off concerts in Austria until October. Then we'll be touring in Germany.Unfortunately, it doesn't look like, that we'll get our new CD ready until September as we planned to. It's always the same: If you don't have enough gigs, you don't have the money to produce a new CD. If you have enough gigs, you don't have the time to.DM) So, when you started the band, you didn't see the Blues Brothers at all?JB) We already had our own band at the time when we saw the movie the first time, but this band had a different name and we only played our own compositions. After we saw the movie and found out more about the characters, the music and the entire background, we felt like it was our duty, to play some of their music as well and to continue the so called "Mission".So we collected some other musicians, like a complete horn-section (absolutely required!) and some soulful, female backup-singers and got the thing going.DM) What did you think of the newest Blues Brothers movie, Blues Brothers 2000?JB) Dan Aykroyd always wanted to do a sequel. When he wrote the original script for the first movie, he already completed the script for the sequel also.After John's death, everything changed. But Aykroyd kept on planning a second movie. Many rumors about a new film were to be heard in the past but nothing happened. It was also to be heard, that the studios in Hollywood didn't want Aykroyd to produce a new movie and so didn't give him the money therefore. It seem like, they didn't want to have any damage done to thelegend.In fact, now that we know BB2K it looks like, they were right. Though some people told me, that the movie becomes better if you see it over and over again I doubt, that many people even long for seeing it just a second time.I was personally shocked when I saw it. And to be honest, I didn't see it again. But I can see what Aykroyd wanted to show and how he wanted to draw a bridge to the nineties (or the next millenium). Unfortunately it didn't really work out and I doubt, that he managed it to open the minds and ears of another generation to Blues and Soul unless they liked it before anyway.At the other hand it doesn't look like, that the image of the first movie-suffers from the new one. It's still an outstanding piece of movie- and music-history (and of American culture of course).And true Aykroyd fans like BB2K anyway. I think another title would have been much more suitable for this movie: "Elwoods Return"DM) What music do you listen to at home?JB) I'm open-minded for every kind of music. My private collection (about 500 CD's, 300 LP's and some 300 Vinyl-Singles) contains mostly Blues, R&B;, Soul, Hip-Hop, Rock'n'Roll, Rock but also many examples of other styles. But I do not really like Techno, Trash and other things (always with certain exceptions), that do not require musical skills from their performers.
I love me some Brandon Hines. This man can sing! Wish I could give more stars. My favorite is Yes You Are.
I like these tracks,but his BEST album is "In Search Of..." If you listen to the album you'll LOVE IT! I LOVE IT I think that is his best work EVER!!! :)
I got these tracks for my birthday in April.  Being a big Steve Perry fan I was thrilled.  He is the Voice and these early songs are wonderful. Both songs are great but Dreams Reality, Stronger and Stronger is my favorite.  Thank you Forrest for releasing these two wonderful songs.
Buy this song sit down pour a nice glass of wine kick off your shoe and relax after a hard day at work and you will be taken to another level of smooth jazz the way its meant to be along with you and your company, spent the night listening to a relaxing kind of jazz as carlman plays to your heart.........go ahead buy it you won't be disappointed infact you will agree its just right and worth the purchase.
Nicholas David is an amazing artist that first became known by many when he landed on the Voice and made it all the way to the finals. He has an amazing sound to his voice, and is able to put his soulful touch on any genre he chooses.On this CD, The Sacred Play of Life, he takes us on an inspirational journey of love and hope, each tune is unique and creative, yet they all flow into each other like a perfectly woven tapestry, truly amazing to behold. Favorites are hard to choose, each has special qualities that ring true to the heart.Listen to it while relaxing or during a hectic day, either way, it will lift your spirits and create a feeling of happiness to be alive. He has a magical ability and is a treat to experience, one of our best, not to be missed if you get a chance!
This is my favorite music to listen to when I'm working. I find that while working I get distracted by songs that have lyrics, and all of the music I normally listen to has lyrics. David Sides takes these songs and plays them on the piano. It's simply amazing what he can do. Check out some of his videos on YouTube to see him in action!
Shadina has a Hit with me an a  fam forever. I love the song with Chubb Rock.. I love the ballad If You Still love me.. the whole CD is Amazing. Her voice is Strong and Sexy. She can sing like Whitney and make it soft like Aliya.. I watch her video's on youtube and OMG her show ..well let me just say i felt like I ran a marothon...SOOOOOOO Much Energy.. Take a look at her on 106&Park with Miss Alicia Keys!!!  [...]
Review by Paul J. Youngman: Rita diGhent has a new CD Sprawl Indigo it has many fine features, including the inimitable vocalizing of Ms. diGhent. Combining jazz sensibilities with hip, street beat rap and fine musicality. This is an album that faithfully describes the human condition in intimate and soulful detail through the use of great lyrics and music. There are eleven tracks on Sprawl Indigo, ten original tunes, and one Hendrix song "Angel". Ms. diGhent sings in a bluesy style, she has a pure, honest (believable) voice - whether singing, rapping or mixing in some combination of both, diGhent never looses her soulful delivery.The liner notes indicate that Sprawl Indigo is dedicated to Mark Ghent, brother to Rita. Mark was a blues guitarist who was raised and based in Chicago, he passed away in 1999. Through the magic of technology we can hear some screaming Chicago blues guitar alla Mark Ghent, his playing weaves in and out of certain tunes. The song "Mark's Utopia" by Rita diGhent and Ian de Souza is surely one of them. A chugging train of a drum rhythm with a banjo finger picking and a guitar wailing in the foreground. Screaming runs and fuzzy chords that burst into electrostatic energy and spray multi infused musical colours of the rainbow gently down from the heavens.The song "There Ain't No Tomorrow Like Today" by diGhent & de Souza features the Mark Ghent style of guitar playing. A soulful blues with Ms. diGhent singing in a tear your heart out, no time like the present style.There are some jazz tunes, "Stygian Shore" a diGhent original that is a mix of beat poetry and jazz vocal phrasing. A very cool tune, reminds me of another genuine original, Rickie Lee Jones. And for the urban tales of the inner city, "Flim Flam Man" a look into the seedy side of city living with cons and predators looking to exploit youthful innocence. As diGhent puts it so aptly in her lyrics, "Goddam him. Goddam the flim flam man. He sifts through humanity dumped in urbanity."On the cover of Sprawl Indigo just flanking Rita diGhent's profile there is a title, More Tales of the Inner City. This is in reference to her first album on this same Sprawl theme. In 1999 she released Birth of the Sprawl to critical acclaim. This CD marked the birth of a jazz style of her own invention, Sprawl. Her lyrics dig deep into her life, and her views on inner city living. She mixes up her musical style to include all that is contemporary - she is very hip.The new CD Sprawl Indigo is produced by Rita diGhent and Ian de Souza. Ian de Souza also plays bass, guitar and he does some programming on the album. This is a well produced CD with good sound quality and good musical support. An excellent contemporary jazz album that will not disappoint.
Mixing image-filled spoken word, ghostly vocal samples, sultry singing and a wonderfully accomplished band, Sprawl Indigo is a fascinatingly eclectic album that creates a captivating listening experience.  As a tribute to her deceased brother Mark--building new songs around his old recordings--the album juxtaposes the old and new, creating a seamless technological collaboration.  From the autobiographical tapestry of "This Body," to the stinging jab at two-faced street hustlers in "Flim Flam Man," Rita's lush lyrics weave a unique story with each track, creating vivid images that stick with you long after.
Her voice will capture you and the music is good. She's a San Diego artist that has a fantastic album but the ultimate joy is seeing her in person.
Here's another exciting production from the So Cal team of Rob and Amber Whitlock. Expect superb production values and A-list talent (in this case names like Chuck Loeb and Will Lee, just to name two of the players on this date). Check this story out: Amber started giving voice lessons to young Brandon Burrows a few years ago. Now, at fourteen, this talented singer debuts with ON THE MOVE, a sparkling collection of mostly classic pop hits. This is timeless stuff, ranging from Jimi Hendrix ("The Wind Cries Mary" and "Fire") to Stevie Wonder ("Superwoman") to Phil Collins ("True Colors"), all delivered with gusto and an authority that belies Brandon's age. Comparisons will be made to early Michael Jackson (Brandon's cover of the Jackson Five's "I Want You Back" will definitely take you back and aback.), so get aboard the early fan-base. Believe me, this kid has talent to spare! ~SCOTT O'BRIEN
great music, a lot of slow blues, good horn sections, will get you down the road with happy feet. Since 'one more word is required' I will say BUYIT !
This album has truly moved me. This man's vocal ability is superb! Where did he come from?! My only complaint is that there's not enough of him! I want more... maybe 12-16 songs! This is a MUST-HAVE for music lovers!
I love this cd. The music is very smooth almost jazz like and the vocalist has a voice so rich its like butter. It is a treat to my ears! Thanks J and R for some sensational Philly music. Can't wait to hear more in the future.
I don't own one of these CDs, I own two. One is at home, one is in my car!  Not to mention the 5 extra ones I bought to give to friends!  Will pours his heart out in this autobiographical, soulful collection of music.  He not only has a great voice, he is an incredibly talented musician all around.  I can't pick just one favorite, but live performances of `Home' are always a big hit, taking every single person in the room back to their roots, neighborhoods, and family traditions.  `Broken' will break your heart a lil bit, but `Lil My' will handle the heartache as Will sings about a flirty relationship with a special lady! Pick one up. Better yet, pick up two and give one to someone who appreciates good music!
I'm so glad they finally decided to sell this music to the public.  I discovered Organic Groov online and fell in love with all the artists featured on the show.  It was such a tease to only hear a snippet of the artists' other songs.  I've been waiting to hear the full track of "Expect" by Koku Gonza.  It's such a beautiful song I had to buy it!  Organic Groov is such a great show, but I'm so pleased that I get to bring the music wherever I go now.  Thanks for providing such new and engaging music.  It truly is magnificent.
ssssooooo the quality of music on this album is absolutely ridiculous. I hold in just as high as Lauryn Hills Miseducation. These are the only two albums i can listen to from cover to cover without any disappointments. The level of creativity and the depth of musicianship is beyond anything else of our time. These guys are serious.
JASPECTS CHANGED MY LIFE!! THIS IS THE GATEWAY TO WHERE ROCK, DANCE R&B MUSIC FUSED WITH HIP HOP BIRTH OF A NATION OF UNIFUNKY AFROPUNKY MUSIC! COMMERCIALIZED YET MUSIC INTEGRITY AT ITS BEST! JANEA MONAE, PJ MORTON JUST A FEW ARE IN THIS ALBUM! YOU GOTTA GET THIS ALBUM! ITS FIRE! THIS IS MY FAVORTIE ALBUM LISTEN TO DAILY!  AND ITS NOT EXPLICIT! IT GREAT THEME FOR THE SONG, NOT CONFORMING TO THIS SOCIETY OF WORLD! PROGRESSIVE! I"M A HUGE FAN!!
I have listened to Amanda's Music from years ago up till now and still get lost in the Music she puts out. This CD is a must buy for all the Music Lovers out there! Beautiful Heartfelt Music! You won't be disappointed!
Teddy Pendergrass is one of my all time favorite.  This CD capture some of his outstanding songs with unforgettable melodies such as &#34;It Don't Hurt Now.  If you like basement parties, don't leave this CD out with the all time favorite sound of &#34;Get Up, Get Down, Get Funkie, Get Loose.
This man could not do no wrong by the time this album came out! I was a kid when this came out, so I didn't get it when I saw women going buck wild when Teddy sang "Close The Door". Now I get it! This was when Women were throwing themselves at him. Besides that though, he was a great singer to me, and these songs really expressed that point
Try TIEC TOCC His new song " Frozen"  got me thru a rough time
I disagree with the other reviewer.  I've just discovered Mayer and I find nothing wrong with his style.  I just purchased "Strange Arrangement" and am going to purchase this EP as well.  I don't compare him to other artists because he's not trying to be them he's bringing us his own style of soul music and I enjoy it.  He's got the falsetto going for him and his head and heart are in the right place.  I say let him sing, sing, sing as I'll be back for the next go round when he releases it in the New Year (probably).  Although, there are many diamonds (not in the rough either) to still be appreciated on "Strange Arrangement" to be had.Open your mind, man and let the music and mood take you to places that are singularly similar but vastly different from what's gone before.  He's appreciates those artists that you named and it shows.  It's too bad you're unwilling to try to see where this cat is at and coming from clearly.  I'm not offended by your review because if you can't get with this, that's fine, just don't trash what you don't understand, or more correctly appreciate.  I rate "Strange Arrangement" 5 stars and I rate this EP 5 stars as well.
My Reality marks Canadian singer-songwriter Trina Elle's debut onto the world stage, and the world stage is exactly where she belongs.The first thing that I immediately noticed when listening to this incredible young singer's premiere album is the power behind her voice. Trina's got some pipes, and she knows how to use theme! Vocally her style is very much rooted in R&B;, but her style is absolutely and completely infused with Pop. If you dig Kelly Clarkson, Anastacia, or Alicia Keys, then get ready to be blown away by Trina Elle.My Reality is an album of deep lyrics and hooks just made for radio airplay. Stylistically it varies from more serious songs like "People" about embracing what makes us different, to more sexy tracks like "Stutter" that are the kind of tracks guaranteed to heat up the clubs.Trina Elle's My Reality is a solid debut album that promises continued greatness ahead form this amazing singer.
I got this CD recently and then had the opportunity to see Grant perform at a wedding. In both cases, I was very impressed with his guitar, keyboard and vocal work. The origianl songs on the CD are very well written and arranged. The more you listen to this CD the more of a fan you will become!
Get this album now so you can say you knew she would be a Superstar when it seemed that only you had discovered her amazing talent. I have been a VicciM fan for 2 years now after she ROCKED my socks off in Olympia, WA opening for Jonny Lang, who I and my wife are huge fans of. We left that show fully satisfied by Jonny, but completely blown away by the talent of our local girl Vicci Martinez. This little girl is a Mega talent. Her soulful and big mezzo Soprano voice carries the full range of emotions written into her incredible music; music that she composes and performs as only the creator can. I really enjoyed the Reggae styled tune "Upside Down" and frankly there isn't a dud on this entire album. In fact, get all of her albums and I challenge you to find one song that you will want to skip over. You can't, they are all great.I had the opportunity to watch Vicci perform a couple weeks ago in Poulsbo, WA at an outdoor music fest concert. She was wonderful and I met her before the act, she is so charming, kind and down-to-earth. I just know that she is the kind of person that will stay that way, even when she hits it big. Notice I said "when" she hits it big, not "if".Be sure to catch one of her live shows if ever possible- this is where a true artist shines and she is a blazing ball of fire!  Go to [...] for show announcements.
Everything she does is gold, but From the Outside In is an AMAZING cd.  Tiny Apple Trees is my favorite Vicci song; do not wait one more day to hear it!
I love this music!!!!Together We're Stronger is great listening.Nicholas David caught my attention when he appeared on The Voice. Anxiously awaiting more.Soon????
Was introduced to Nicholas David on The Voice (season3), and there's been no turning back! He has 5 albums and a new EP entitled "Say Good bye" that is also phenomenal and originally made it to the #2 position on the iTunes Album Top 100 Chart!This album is all original tunes and showcases his excellent skills as a musician. The collaborators from over 40 Minnesota bands add to the quality, and in addition, Nicholas seems to play his voice like an instrument ( he has an amazing baritone register and smooth sound all the way around! )All of his music comes from the heart and is designed to inspire feelings of hope, healing, and love. He is an original and will take you on a journey that will fill you with an appreciation for life itself. Enjoy!
I had heard of The Feelin (both the person and the band) for quite some time before actually "hearing" the man behind the name.Just a few years ago, at an old theater in Minneapolis, MN, "Tunes and Toons" was hosted on Sunday mornings featuring Nicholas on vocals and keyboards and Jason Fladager (God Johnson, ex-The Big Wu) on vocals and acoustic guitar in front of a movie screen.  On the screen old, "classic" cartoons were projected, and very tasty breakfast was served.At first glance I expected Nicholas to sound like a short, young version of Neil Young, as his hair was long and his clothes looked old but formal and classy.  Once he started singing the whole atmosphere of the room turned around for me; I could hardly believe the voice I was hearing came from this (excuse the stereotypes) skinny, white, hippy-lookin' dude.Later I turned to my wife and remember saying "too bad he's too old to compete on American Idol, there should be a show for him so everyone can hear his voice" (note: He's younger than me and I'm 36).Fast forward, and here you have it.  He's on NBC's The Voice and was selected by CeeLo Green and is now in the top 6; it seems America agrees with me that his voice is not just good, but it truly is strong and unique and speaks to all generations; something that can bring people together.This CD is highly suggested!  Many types of music, featuring Nicholas playing piano or organ with full band.  Do check out "And You Will" track 10.  It's a winner, as is the whole CD.
This is a unique compilation of cuban songs and rhythms not heard in three decades or more. In this 2 CD Set you will hear great Cuban hit songs by artists and music groups, mostly of the 1960's and 1970's now available thanks to the efforts of its producer. If someone would have asked me if most of the songs(especially the ones recorded in Miami)would be re-issued on CD and heard again I would've said no, so this compilation is a welcome surprise not only for the oldies but goodies collectors but also for those artists who recorded them at the time, who are still around, for those who are not,this great 2 CD set is a wonderful gift, just to be able to hear again the original recordings of their loved ones. Also included in this great compilation are great old time hits by luminaries like Bebo Valdes, Omara Portuondo, the late, great Cuban pianist-composer Frank Emilio Flynn and the great old times Cuban diva Marta Perez.I highly recommend this wonderful compilation from a great yesteryear label. Its well worth every penny, get it while they last!
This music is real.  It is something that I can laugh to, drive to, work to, and yes, cry to. REAL ARTIST.
I bought this album after listening to it at solar radio. Its a very easy listening album and has that oldschool flavor.My favourite tracks are american Girl and Ebony seduction.Definately worth the money theres so much soul on it.
This is one of the first three tracks to be released by the Carl Dixon Bandtrax project, where he has brought together a stunning array of Detroit and Philly soul musicians, such as Bob Babbit, Uriel Jones, Dennis Coffee and many others.This track, co written by Carl and Spyder Turner is, in my opinion, one of the best "modern" soul tracks to be released in years. Driving beat, great lyrics and a stunning vocal performance by Spyder Turner. The guitar solo by Dennis Coffee is outstanding.Also check out Pree "Suddenly There's You" - also a great piece of soul music, and the Bandtrax tune "Detroit"Congratulations Carl, and everyone involved with this project. It deserves to be a big success.First this I did on the morning of July 1st ( date of release) was to download these three tracks!!!
This record is CRAZY!!!!!!  I don't have time to go into detail. Just do yourself a favor and take a listen to the snippets. You'll buy it!!!!
These guys are great!  You owe it to yourself to get this album.  Forget buying a single this is back to when the ALBUM was good and you bought the whole thing.  You will be boppin your head with a smile on your face!
Great mix of serious songs and fun ska music. Ive listened to the album many times now in the last few months with out skipping over any songs.
I've been a fan of Jaqee's for a while since seeing her video for her single Karma.  Both the video and the song gave me a sense of how much she likes to push musical boundaries.  Having now completed 3 albums, all 3 are different but the constant is Jaqee's ability to mix memorable rhythms (sometimes more R&B or soul with a twist as in her first, or bluesy-country or even a nod to punk - in her second -to the reggae, ska of this her 3rd) with lyrics that take you on a personal journey in a different way.  This album takes you on a reggae, ska journey with some other related rhythms through feelings of someone trying to find their place, put the past behind and embrace their kookiness (title track and I think my new anthem:))  while living in their  land of the free.  Another example of the great music coming out way beyond our shores.  Highly recommended to relax, dance and just enjoy.
I'd purchased the latest Kinny album a year ago based on the recommendations by Amazon, and I was an instant fan. This album is more of that great Kinny sound, sort of a electric-soulful-rock-indie vibe that is very unique and sorely missing in music. If you''re looking for something different you won't be disappointed!!
Really brings back memories.  My cousin is the drummer, so it is really nice to add to my family history...
I first heard Margo on Boardwalk Empire and wondered if it was her actually singing, when I confirmed it was her, I had to have all her music!  She has an amazing voice from Jazz to roaring 20s she blends everything with ease and truly looks like she is enjoying doing it!
I just do not get it.  David Mensah is one of the most exciting new male voices that I have heard in R&B; this century.  Yet this young native of Wales gets very little attention in the USA.  This, his debut album, should be Grammy material.  Instead, as of this writing, it is the 194,000th rated album on Amazon.The fact that he is a hidden gem is a crime.  If you just listen to the samples on Amazon, you will buy the album.I am not a professional reviewer, so I will not try to critique every track.  But as a lover of good music.  I strongly urge you to discover this kid. You will not regret it.
Ms. Shea is not only beautiful but a great performer with a voice that is powerful and playful.  "Kiss" makes you want to grab your partner, a bottle of wine, light the fire and snuggle in for the night.
My title says it all. Whatever flaws Ray Charles may have had, giving his fans less than the best wasn't one of them. (And yes, I did see him perform in person.) His rich, soul-touching voice resonates deep within the listener's entire being. My only whine about this sample of Ray is the absence of "Born to Lose." Nevertheless, this "six-pack" is a bargain not to be missed.