Just looked at it at Barnes & Noble (priced at $39.99), plastic a little cheap but not too bad....why try to sell it for so much?
My daughter has a recently purchased Wii that we hoped would work seamlessly with Game Cube's Chibi-Robo (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CC3IEQ/ref=oss_product).After several attempts the Wii finally recognized the memory card.My daughter proceeded to save the game as she played.Next day she went back to play her saved game but it was not on the memory card.Once again it took several plug ins and removal for the Wii to recognize the memory card.Searched the Internet for suggestions but nothing was found.Very disappointing.Chibi-Robo
The item description is "outperforms original! (Google Android)".  I ordered it for my Google Android G1 phone, and it's the wrong cable (won't plug into phone).  Seems like deceptive advertising, wouldn't you say?
I ORDERED THIS CORD BECAUSE IT SAYS IT WORKS ON THE GARMIN STREET PILOT, IT DOES CHARGE IT, BUT IT DOES NOT LET YOU USE YOUR GARMIN WHILE ITS CHARGING. I WOULD NOT RECOMMED IT FOR A GARMIN STREET PILOT.
My first GS790 ViewSonic monitor started to exhibit electric discharge noises accompanied by screen distortion.  This behavior started within 1 week from first use of the monitor.  After exhibiting this behavior for just over 30 days (just long enough so that I couldn't return the monitor to Amazon.com) the monitor's display was permainently distorted to the extent that no text could me made out.I returned the monitor to ViewSonic (I had to pay the shipping and insurance, no reimbursment) and then was told the turn around time would be 15 business days from the date of receipt of the monitor.  This translates into 5 weeks allowing 1 week ground shipment to and from ViewSonic.After waiting 4 weeks after shipping the monitor back, I called to get the status.  I was told the monitor had not been serviced because a part needed to repair the monitor was on order.  At that time I indicated that I'd been quoted a 15 business day turn around time which would obliviously not be met.  Only then did ViewSonic send out a new monitor of the same model from its stock to me.After receiving the new monitor, it too started to exhibit the same behavior as the first one (sounds of electical discharge accompanied by screen distortion).  It looks ready to break permanently again with a few days.After talking with a co-worker, I found out that a friend of his had the exact same problem with the ViewSonic GS790 monitor.
While the NEC 19&quot; monitor is bargain priced and has a rather vibrant display, it is not manufactured well at all.  After 6 months of normal use (5-8 hours a day), the monitor just flat died.  As if that was not  frustrating enough, the NEC service department made it worse.  You can call  their 800 number and learn nothing (not even the hours of operation!), or  go to the support website and be amazed at the total lack of information  (no service locations, no warranty info, nothing).I would have to advise  any Amazon readers to seriously consider buying another brand of monitor  over this one.  I have had a 'bargain' Philips/Magnavox for years, and have  been extremely happy with it.
We purchased this monitor and found out that it had a fault when it arrived, however we checked our video card and the rest of the system first. Because of this we did not return it under warranty until after the 30 day period for returns. So now we have to pay for shipping from east coast to west coast 55lbs. I recieved a very unsympathetic answer from the customer support and will now be consulting a lawyer. The new monitor seems ok now....but I wonder how long before we have to pay out again. If I had paid a little more and got a monitor from the local pc shop, I would have had no problem returning it and no shipping....as I have with other faulty components before.  Shouldnt the point of online shopping these hard days for the internet merchants be to assure people that it is better than the local shop? Well, next time I need something I will buy local.
We started having problems with this monitor 6 months after purchasing it. The picture would blank out for no reason and the sound would stop. Attempts to contact Princeton for help failed. They would not answer email or phone calls. After a year the monitor stopped working altogether. We've since been able to contact Princeton, but they refuse to honor the warranty!
PLEASE NOTIFIE ME WHEN THE PLAYSTATION2 GAME IS IN
This is the biggest dissipointment for a gaming system ever! I mean come on.. Number one.. It's WWWWAAAAAAYYYYY over priced.... espically if your trying to soup it up to the Max (which isn't very far in my opinion) like for instance.. Ps2 ($300) + second control ($34?)+ memory card ($32) + at least 3 good games (nearly $100) ect.....This gets you to a purchace of nearly $500! Who has that kind of money? Dreamcast is SSSOOOOOOO much better. No i'm not doing this because i hate sony, sony has made some (very few) good games on the PSX... But still compare that to Dreamcasts arsinal: Sonic Adventure, Space Channel 5, NFL 2k1, NBA 2k1, Capcom vs SNK, Marve Vs Capcom 2, Crazy Taxi, Chu Chu Rocket, Ect...PS2 Could never Hope to have stuff like that.. really... And plus, Segas been out alot longer than sony in the major gaming industry. They Know the right steps to take. I'll Say that the PS2 the graphics aren't horrible, but some are just plain crap. I can't distiguish the difference between its PSX counterpart games. The Dreamcast Graphics however, are Liquid Smooth.... I'm not kidding.. And if you're not a sega fanatic or something (how could you? =/) Then I recomend that you wait for gamecube or X-box. Those 2 will garanteed have sony bowing before those other companys... Seriously......
This &quot;too good to be true&quot; deal is.They actually use a regular curved CRT and simply hide it behind a flat piece of glass.If you are looking at a very bright over the whole screen image, it actually looks very nice.But if there are any dark images on the screen you'll get this bizarre halo/ghosting effect.And don't dare try to look at a mostly dark image with any bright images or text ontop of it because the reflections caused by the curved screen behind the front glass will drive you batty.I REALLY wanted to like this monitor because it does have very good resolution for the price, but it is fundamentally flawed by the ghosting/reflections.
I bought a PIII-700 Satellite Pro 4300 about 14 months ago. It worked fine for a couple of weeks.  However, it has been failing ever since. Once (last year) I returned it to an authorized  dealer, and they told me the main board had a general failure, and they replaced it. However it has continued failing (the most annoying problem is that it sometimes resets itself).  This is not the whole story. The hybernation mode doesn't work properly: if I close the display for it to hibernate or to be in stand-by, it won't restore. It also has problems with display lens: if I leave it on for a while, the display turns off, and when it turns on after moving the mouse, the display doesn't work well. I called Toshiba's hotline to see if they could replace it, but they refused. You may say I had bad luck....well, I've been finding out that I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE. So, I strongly suggest NOT TO BUY TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.
Compaq 2701 does not work at the moment, because of some problems with Windows XP. It never happened neither to my previous Compaq Presario 1694 nor to the desktops I used. In addition, no restore cd, nor an application/drivers cd were included, so I can not do anything myself with this problem.
I wrote a review on here about 9 month ago - and have received over 50+ mails with the same complaint - melted standoffs.. and HP/CPQ is STILL denying any knowledge of this problem!!! (This was independantly verified from an email from HP C/S received 3 days ago from another guy having a meltdown with his 2710 and HP service (or lack of))... - Even though &quot;the fix&quot; and remedy is posted all over CPQ's own tech web site as well as HP's!! -- You doubt me? Call them up, and they'll give you the replacement part # for the needed standoff screws for this &quot;unknown problem&quot;.... Sigh...Anyway, it has been suggested to me, since I seem to be the unofficial point guard for this one - that we file a class-action lawsuit of sorts - I'm not big on this - and really don't have the time - But I am so pissed off at CPQ/HP and their plain ignorance and constant denial of &quot;any problems&quot; that I do think it's time we do something about this collectively.So, if anyone else is interested in filing, write me at:CLASSACTION@KAL-TEX.COMTell me your woes, what part of the country you're in (or abroad... as one chap from the UK has emailed me) - and we'll see what kind of headcount we'll get, and if it's worth going after?I know personally that I am out the cost of the 2701 unit ($1900) + the bogus repair ($400) and the cost to replace - $1750 -- So, if we get enough folks together - I think that'll catch their attention.GOOD LUCK!Brent
My system  (Presario 2701US) locks up after 20 days old. When I was looking for the restore CD, I found an piece of paper saying that i must order later. I will never buy a Compaq system again.
I kick myself every time I try to use this worthless piece of frustration. I hate it. It shuts down all the time. The sound card doesn't work. Half the time, when it boots up, the screen is black. Keep rebooting, and eventually, it will display and image. I hate it. I hate Toshiba products. I will never ever buy another one. And, of course, all this started immediately after it was out of warranty.
dont ever buy a toshiba pruduct.  worst customer service.  if something is wrong with the computer, they will hold it for months and then send it back "fixed".  It never stays fixed and computer will repeat problem within months of being "fixed". i hate toshiba!!!
Hey all-  I have been following the class-action suit against Toshiba RE: random shut-offs and wanted to correct something that another reviewer asserted.  In the &quot;one bad apple...&quot; review, the reviewer asserts that the BIOS fixes offered by Toshiba will correct this problem.  This is a truth wrapped in falsehood.  The BIOS fix WILL prevent this problem from occuring, but it is because it prevents your computer from running at its advertised speed.  To say this is a solution is insane.  All it suggests is that you should have bought a cheaper, slower computer to begin with.  Do NOT confuse the BIOS fix as a real  fix.  Do not buy this computer.  Also, do not buy a Satellite 5005-series or 1900-series.  Same deal.  Viva le lawsuit!
I have owned several laptops over the years none of them Toshiba and had no problems.  For my next Laptop I decided to save some money and purchase a Toshiba Satellite. This is the worst purchasing decision I have ever made.In Six months, The machine has needed to be erased, and re-installed to factory setup 3 times.  After spending days on the phone with toshiba &quot;support&quot; (you can't really call it support) the only response I could get was &quot;That's normal, just be glad it starts at all&quot;.The touch pad has deteriorated to be unusable, the plug for the head phones has disintegrated somewhere into the laptop, the ethernet plug, cannot hold the wire (it just falls out), and the cd-rom disappers from MyComputer.  I have to reinstall the cd-rom drive to get the computer to recognize it for a few hours.  Most recently the keys have started falling off of the keyboard.  After  weeks of trying with customer support I have given up, and am going  to another manufacturer.
I finally understand the low price it had, it worked fine the first week, but then I tried to put a cd on, it wont let me explore the contents. Then this week it started to shut down without saying anything (I use it always plugged, so it wasnt the battery). Ive been checking the forum of the toshiba support and all I see is tons of people having the same problems as I am. My advice is: pay some more and get a better machine.
I believe I bought it in 2001 at Staples.  Since the, the problems with laptop include frequent shutdown due to overheat, bad hardrive, dead battery and LCD with dead pixels.  This will be the last product I buy from Toshiba.
Toshiba Satellite 1805-S254 is a terrible computer. I bought from Amazon.com last December (2001),the DVD driver did not work when I received.The problem was that I could not read the contents of a CD. After being serviced by Toshiba, the problem was solved partly, but I still can not read the CD contents when I log on as a normal user. After 3 months, the system board stopped working, and the service person told me I had to wait weeks to get a new board. I am still waiting, and I do not know when I can get one. If you want to buy a laptop computer, be cautious of this model.
This computer has been a disaster. The modem has never worked once. When I call tech support, they blame it on my settings, my ISP, or my OS, pending their mood. The monitor flickers and goes dark on a daily basis for hours at a time. I have sent the computer in twice to be &quot;fixed&quot; only to get back a machine that works for a short period of time before the flickering problem returns. They kept &quot;fixing&quot; my problems for just long enough, so that my warranty could expire and now they could say tough luck. I would never buy a lousy Toshiba product again.
I have had this computer for 6 months and it has been nothing but a problem. It shuts down whenever it wants to. I have had the hard drive crash and 3 cdrom combo drives. As of now I have had no satisfaction from Toshiba.  They just keep sending boxes and I just keep sending it back.
Just use google or some other search engine to verify that untold numbers of Toshiba 1805-S274 users have been disappointed by their systems.  The notebook computer simply overheats and shuts down without warning.  I have returned my computer to Toshiba twice for repair.  They claim to have replaced most of the major parts in the system, yet it still shuts down.Other Toshiba notebooks have the same problem, and Toshiba has issued a letter stating that they will no longer support their overheating notebook computers.  I would avoid Toshiba all together.
When my parents bought me the satellite for my 17th birthday i was so excited since it was my first personal notebook. Now i am 19 and have suffered the last two years with this peice of junk. I don't even know where to start...first it randomly shuts down for no apparent reason. It constantly locks up when using the internet, my screen freaks out randomly at least a couple times a year to the point where it literally wont show an image, the speakers suck, it's slow as hell and i can't even remember everything else that is wrong with it.On top of all of this Toshiba itself sucks in the customer service department. My father is now on their &quot;beware of customer&quot; list because he continually calls when the damn thing breaks down and ends up getting people who don't speak english and don't understand anything he is trying to explain. I promise you he and I are both fully capable of explaining a problem. Toshiba's solution has been multiple times to send the computer in for fixing - which i have done at least four times over the last two years.- One example of Toshiba's poor service: I sent the computer in to fix a dimming screen and on their service sheet, i boldy stated NO to refragmenting becuase of all the saved work i had on it. Well they refragmented it, lost all my work over the last year, and on top of it as my luck would turn the back up CD i had didnt work. Though the CD part was my mistake, i was devestated considering Toshiba shouldn't have lost the work in the first place.The other reason i hate this thing is that being a college freshmen i have to rely entirely on my computer. SO low and behold this thing decides not to show images on my screen two weeks before my final exams. I was forced to box it up and send it to a repair shop ASAP, in which the computer wasn't returned to me for over a week.Thanks to Toshiba, i am forever turned off of Toshiba computers. i will never in my ENTIRE LIFE purchase a product from their company and i suggest to those reading this that they do the same. On top of it i am worried that Toshiba has completely turned me away from PCs which i have so dilegently used the last few years...looks like Apple has a new customer. THANK YOU TOSHIBA!
It seems that toshiba manufactured these machines with a known defect in which the CPU needs to be throttled back in order to keep the laptop from shutting down due to over heating.  The cause of this issue is that Toshiba used a desktop CPU (Intel Pentium III) instead of a mobile CPU in these laptops.  Toshiba's solution to the problem is a BIOS update which effectively throttles back the clock speed of the CPU and causes some issues with DVD playback.  This defect is also present in the satellite 5505 series laptops.
I am one of many with the famous Toshiba laptop overheat-and-shut-down problems.  I just wanted to point out- since someone dismissed this problem as being easily correctible- it is NOT.  updating BIOS was a clever trick by Toshiba to deflect the problem- not fix it.  The BIOS fix merely SLOWS your computer down so that the processer produces less heat.  However, it means that the user wasted a lot of money on a fast chip they cannot use.  do not buy this computer  (or the 1900 series) and expect to run it at the speed you were promised.  Hell it may not run at all.  Mine shuts down when i load some acrobat files, use Word, burn Cds, etc.  i'm furious!  right now, as I type, I have TWO ice packs on this piece of plastic and yet it has already shut-off twice in the last hour.  I'm not kidding.  this is not a whiny-- why isn't my computer perfect?-- complaint.  I cannot use many Cd-roms, I cannot watch dvds AT ALL (meaning $ wasted on that drive), I cannot watch streaming video.  I cannot even write a term paper without expecting a shut-off or two.  No joke.
I was so excited when My new computer came via UPS that day ordered from Amazon.com My favorite place to shop :)  After unpacking and inspecting the computer I realized the cd/dvd players drivers were not installed.  After 3 calls to Toshiba totaling about 4 hours of time I was told I would have to pack it up and ship it to them to fix or pay 350 dollars for an on-site warranty soooooo I packed it up and sent it back to Amazon and ordered a Hewlett Packard instead through Amazon.  A lot of people have problems with the fans in these also its a pretty pretty computer too bad its has so many bugs operationally.
My father and I each bought one of these computers, to make a long story short, my fathers has been serviced 3 times, and mine once, they both overheat, randomly shut down in the middle of use, the CD drives both malfunctioned and had to be replaced. The list goes on, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!
While containing excellent battery life, the Logitech MouseMan is probably the most frustrating mouse I've ever had to use, including the little 'knob' mouse found on some old IBM laptops. It's horrifically imprecise, no matter how close the receiver is. The 'go back' button is handy, but not enough to make up for the torture of trying to select something with the pointer. I frequently find myself struggling to move the pointer to a desired spot, only to have it suddenly shoot past that spot once I'm almost there. It's like it KNOWS where I want to go and then deliberately avoids it! Clicking something requires a slight hesitation in your movement; if you skim by, say, an address bar in an internet browser, you have to first force the pointer to select it, then pause for a half second and THEN click or it won't do anything. I hate this mouse so much and the only reason I still use it is because I use a computer that belongs to the owner of the house I'm living in at school. Most of the time I just bring my own portable wireless Microsoft mouse to use when I can. Don't waste your money on this piece of crap!
I received one for a graduation present in 1 yr in was sent in for maintence repair for 8 months. No kidding. After the year warrenty they told me tough.. Please don't buy one..they (are) really (bad).. buy Dell Or Gateway...Sony service and quality totally are non-existant.  You have been warned...
Battery life: 30 minutes doing nothingTech support says this is normal!What?YES, they say this is normal. Now I Know they have no sense.What can you possibly acomplish in 30 minutes on a laptop, assuming you are doing something productive. Forget about using this laptop in the airport.The poorest, most sorry, stupid, neanderthal tech support on the planet.Opposite of a Toyota product, wish they made a laptop.
Purchased this computer two weeks ago and have had nothing but problems.  I've owned five other desktops and have never encountered such issues with a new computer.  There is some incompatibility with the pre-installed software. We've re-installed the system twice and problems continue.  So far they have included the startup program, the Corel, and Outlook and some maddening and mysterious problem that seems related to the browser.  It's a slick package with everything to please both mom and the teenage son, but nothing works as it should.
Worked great out of the box...then the Sony updater and other features took over. No way to control system setup unless you are hip to scripts. No way to fix system setup (like in XP). I had to tell the tech that my setup disks could be bad, then I think they sent me a mixed set!!! It thinks it is XP Pro and Home. I'm going to buy real Windows disks and try to load the Sony software. Wish me luck.
My RX-550 never worked from the day it came out of the box.  First there were connectivity problems with the internet then the power source went out (all in the first week) - third time for a failed power source in three different Sony computers - I'm a slow learner.  Not even a modicum of help from what Sony calls support, I call it their aggravation department.Took this piece of junk back to the retailer
The company ripped me off. They sold me a computer with a counterfeit copy of Windows XP and denied that they had sold me an illegal copy of Windows, and later admitted they had, but they were unwilling to resolve the problem.  DO NOT BUY FROM TECHNO INTELLIGENCE!!!
First off I have to say Sony make beautiful looking computers that just dont cut it.  They look nice but hey its whats inside that counts.  Fist off this system has too many gimicks such as a Mini-Disc recorder once again, they hop you buy one of the players that supports the failing mini-disc format.  The system comes with 512 mb's of SDRAM not RDRAM for 512 md of SDRAM it costs about 50-60 dollars and thats for the good stuff.  Some people dont opt for a fully loaded system and just say "I'll upgrade it when it becomes cheaper" well thats great for a open system but sorry sony is a closed box system and 512 mb of sluggish [Compared to RDRAM] is all you'll ever be able to put into the machine.  Another disappointment from SONY comes on its video card,  32mb's of SDRAM?  thats pathetic and their not even using DDR ram.  To wrap it up I have always felt that the VAIO systems were overpriced and overrated,  having owned one before I can honestly say that SONY makes pathetic computers, but Hey if you buy one just think, you'll have the best looking paperweight in two years.
I started in the computer industry (b4 PC's) in 1969.  This is without a doubt the worst computer I have ever owned.  The TV portion works OK.  You cannot add any non Sony components (such as another hard drive), as they are incompatable and cause strange operating system problems.  The mini-disc player/recorder can only be used as an eraser.  Put in a disc full of tunes and attempt any kind of edit and you get a BLANK DISC.It is a home networking joke.  I have 4 or 5 machines connected to my home network at any one time.  Never a network problem with any of them.  The Sony is always trouble.  Refuses to recognize or be recognized by other machine on the network.  Sony's support staff is inept.I have 2 Sony computers, 2 Sony TV's, 3 Sony stereo systems, 4 Sony mini disc machines, 4 Sony cell phones.  To say the least I WAS Sony devotee.I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER SONY PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi,I had bought this from [retail store]. After a day two pixels burnt on the screen. I exchanged it for another one. The CD/RW didnt work on the second one. Exchanged it for a third one. This one had one big red spot on the screen (burnt pixel) when I opened the box. My patience was running out. I still got the 4th one after exchange. This one did the same thing. Pixel burnt again.I called Compaq for explanation. They said they consider it normal till 5 burnt pixels. And they will not fix it until more than 5 pixels are burnt. I am glad that I bought it from the store so I could return it. I have exchanged 4 laptops in 3 weeks and wasted a lot of time. Please dont buy this if you want a perfect screen.Kamlesh.
We got this laptop last February. The price was good and it had all the features we needed. After three days of use the computer died on us with all my work inside of it (who would think that a brand new computer would die in three days???) We got another 715US from Office Depot (I wish we got a Toshiba...) More problems arose in May when the screen would start to shake vertically so frantically that we couldn't see or do anything. We send it over to Compaq, but they couldn't find the problem, so they reformatted the hard drive. The computer seemed to work for a couple of months, but the problem reappeared. We sent it over to Compaq again, but they quickly returned it, stating that they didn't find anything wrong with it! Now the screen is still shaking on occassion. I work with GIS software. Every time a grafic image loads, the computer seems to go nuts. The Compaq technicians said they can't repair this problem!!! But they will not give us a refund for this lousy PC. People! Don't buy it!
Compaq Presario 715US Notebook (1.2-GHz Athlon 4, 256 MB RAM, 20 GB hard drive)by Compaq is a peice of JUNK and the folks at Compaq are worse than their product.  My warranty was for one year - parts & labor.  I sent the Presaio 715 US Notebook and was told it would cost $690 and it is not covered under the warranty.  It was a problem with the nick card slot and I was told I caused the problem.Even if I caused the problem, and I didn't, the warranty should fix the problem.  I own two other laptops (Dells) and have never had a problem getting support on the phone or repairs.  Compaqs are junk and if you buy one, you'll be sorry.  Mark my word!
We purchased two of these machines.  Both freeze within 15 minutes of use.  We speculate on a heat related problem.  This problem is not OS dependent.  Same results on Windows XP Home/Pro, Windows 2000 Pro/Server.
I purchased a brand new G4 on 02/15/2002 during the Olympics in Salt Lake City, opened the sealed box and found a white lited pixel on the screen. Totally dissappointed. Call the Mac store the next day who advised that they are ordering a replacement G4.02/18/00 store advised me that Apple will not replace my unit since their policy is that up to 3 damaged pixels are industry specs and therefore nothing is wrong with my unit.So I called 1800 sos apple and their customer service give the same story NOTHING IS WRONG WITH MY UNIT.Being a first time user I am shocked about the way I am treated by Apple.Apple customer service really took away my happyness at the Olympics very easily.The unit is spectacularly built but the white dot on the screen really bugs me.After pleading with Apple they still claim nothing is wrong with my unit.
Evade, escape, don't buy.  This slow piece of plastic won't run any software other than the four year old kiddie games you find in the bargain bin.  I can't believe they still sell this thing with a G3 CPU.  It's a rip at any price.
My daughter convinced me to buy her a new IMac as her first computer that was all hers.  Okay, a little pricey but I've had a few good promotions lately so alright, I will shell out the extra cash.  I also got a lan set up to share the internet (surprisingly easy with both the PC and Mac).Okay it's nice and small but I can't see where it is better than a PC.  In fact she still spends more time on the PC because most of the software we own runs on XP.  We have bought some software for the Mac, but you pretty much have to order it or drive to a big software store.  And the software cost more than for Windows.And it runs pretty slow to be honest.  It's fine for writing school papers or sending e-mail but it takes 3-4 times as long to rip a MP3 than on our new Intel P4 (90% of what she wants to do) and the one game we bought for the Mac have to be run at slower settings than what I set on my PC (we have Aliens vs. Predator2 for both the PC and Mac [check the prices and you will see what I mean about Mac stuff costing more).So sure it will do everything our PC will do, just slowly and for more money.  Now ours just sits in her room and gathers dust while we fight over mine.  I would have been better of spending half the money on a cheaper PC.I was fooled once but never again.
I knew I was buying a refurbished older model but the first one they sent didn't work at all, the second was sent to a differnt address than the first one and when I asked them to send it to the first address they shipped to they didn't have a record of it. When I finally recieved my second desk they forgot to pack the power cord and then refused to overnight the item, saying that they didn't realize the cord was with the item and since he does not deal with that department he could not assure that my product would be shipped with all its parts. I would have thought having problems with my first system they would insure that the second system would be in working order, but it is not. My DVD player does not work and I already left an e-mail and voice mail with the company. I will find a way to fix my DVD problem but would not recommend ordering from this company. Perhaps if your system was sent in perfect working order but mine wasn't and it was dealt in a very ill manner.
The 4x write on the CDR means it takes over 20 minute to create a CD!  The standard these days on a entry level product like this is 16x.  And because the CPU is so slow you can't do anything while it is creating the CD.  I was not impressed.
I always loved Toshiba products so when it came time to buy a notebook, I turned to Toshiba first.I bought the notebook in February 2002 and have had little use of it due to major problems.  The first was the BIOS problem.I downloaded the updated version and it still had problems.  Each day the hard drive would display more and more serious problems until finally it quit.I sent it to Toshiba.  They replaced the hard drive.  This was September.  Gradually, the computer began to work slower and it took 5-10 minutes to boot up!!!When I did a scan disk it could not complete the test and again I sent it to Toshiba about a week ago.  They replaced the hard drive again!!  I should get it back tomorrow.I really hope this solves the problem.Buy another brand if you can.  1 coworker of mine and email friend own samsung notebooks and they've had em for years with ZERO problems.  I should have bought a samsung.  They are the largest chip producer in the world.  I am really disappointed in Toshiba.
I will never buy another Toshiba notebook again.  I had always heard they did not run the smoothest, but made up for it in durability.  In my experience, Windows XP constantly crashed, mysterious errors appeared constantly, and it often overheated and turned itself off.  However, the durability was even more degrading. The battery and the AC adapter both fried within about a year and a half of purchase.  Then the screen kicked out shortly thereafter, all conveniently after the warranty expired.
I own a Toshiba Satellite laptop and it has been a nightmare.Lies and lack of the most basic warranty.Too late did I find out that the only people happy with Toshiba are the ones that did not need service yet.I would strongly recommend that potential consumers check things out on Complaints.com,consumeraffairs.com,thesqueakywheel.com and also search Google using the company name and "complaints" in their search(i.e. "Toshiba laptop complaints"). CNET is also definitely worth a search...a lot of the lack of reliability and total lack of service issues have already been discussed there with detailed references as to models, etc.As for this being old news...well, I expected Toshiba to have learned something from being successfully sued. That particular lawsuit was not frivolous...and my friends who've worked for Toshiba confirm that the company has a "bad attitude" when it comes to "known defects". (It's one thing to have hardware issues; it's another to sell stuff with known issues.)"Caveat Emptor!"
I bought a Satellite in Sept. 2005 and two months later, returned it to Best Buy because it wouldn't connect to the Internet for no apparent reason. They immediately took it away and gave me a new model because of a "manufacturing defect that had been "fixed" with the new model ... then CANCELLED the $150 rebate that was adsvertised with the first defective model! I protested vigorously, but was rudely informed that since I was getting a "new laptop," I was no longer entitled to the rebate! Go figure that one!! I'll never buy another Toshiba.
Whatever you do... do not purchase this machine. You are spending [money] on a doorstop that gets less work done than paper and pencil. I have to say that this is absolutely the worst purchase I have ever made. The computer has a desktop processor which overheats and thus causes it to shut down unexpectedly. Even better is the fact that Toshiba released a patch which throttles the cpu to lower than 50%. So basically you are paying for a laptop that runs at 500 mhz and shuts down on you periodically. Toshiba will not refund your money and will only tell you to send it into their service depot for which they do not have a fix.
This is a great piece of machinery, if you can get it to run for more than 20-20 minutes before it overheats and shuts down.  When used on my desk, would last about an hour without overheating, but the battery is almost dead by then anyway.  Good idea, not enough research before production.  Video and Audio are THE BEST for a laptop though.  Even Toshiba admits that there is a problem now (they wouldn't before).  Mine was a newer model, purchased about a month ago....  Better Processor, and included an external USB 1.44 floppy too.  If you can stand buying a fan to blow on it all the time, good machine, but I give it 1 STAR because a laptop/notebook should be able to be used as one, not have to be on a desk with extra fans.  Oh, and Toshiba reps are AWFULL when they're at fault, but great when just need a little help.
I had four laptop computers before this one. It is the most noisiest one I own. The cooling fan will go on and off every 15 seconds. Usually, I have it on 8 hours per day. It is too annoying and the weight of this laptop also too heavy to carry around. Over price and not a lot of softwares.
As fundamentally hip as saying &quot;I have a notebook computer that has a P4 processor,&quot; this product doesn't even come close to the reliability of what a P3 can do.  I've seen two of these Toshiba Satellite 1905-S277 Notebooks in action and both of them have been returned due to fried and overheated processors.  P4's are simply not working well with notebook computers.  From what many experts have told me, the new Pentium Xeon processor due out in the US in September is a far better processor and will have features that support real GPS capability.  For those who have bought this product, my apologies!  If you've just bought it, you may have time to send it back!  Stick to the P3 processors for now.  The P4 processors for notebooks is a ploy to get more money out of consumers before the marketing frenzy begins with Xeon processors this fall.
Good price but complete waste.  Over heats really bad, pixel went out within 3 weeks, Compaq's tech support knows less than me ( and that is sad) and left me on hold forever.  Thank GOD circuit city let me return the piece of [junk] and buy an HP ze 5170.  Much better computer--lot more money but worth the peice of mind.  I will NEVER buy Compaq again!!
I obtained a compaq presario 720us and have had no rest since buying it. It constantly shuts off(i think there is a fundamental hardware problem), the battery lifespan is very short, it overheats(should not be called a laptop but burntop)and to make matters worse, it has crashed and i cant get a reasonable restore advice except to re-install. Unfortunately, i am far away from where i bought it in the US and can't return it!!!
I would recommend investing your money in a case of dead fish before purchasing this item. Having experienced multiple problems from the mouse not functioning to constant disk lock up, I've gone through 3 Presario 720s on the same purchase. Moreover, Compaq tech support is rude, ill-informed, and is more than willing to keep consumers on hold for lengthy periods of time. Never again will I put a penny into Compaq.
I took this back to the store after wasting an entire weekend.It worked with OS10 a little. Didn't work with OS9. The supplied utility software is pathetic. Just plug and pray. I managed to get 300 bps through it. Yep that's 1/1,000 what my cable modem connection is capable of.Is incompatible with most RoadRunner modems.No provision to upgrade or even adjust the antennae.Unconventional shape shows that more effort was put into artistic merit than software convenience and hardware function.I ended up with a Linksys at less than half the price with greater range, more features at a much lower price.Don't pay the Apple premium thinking this router will have the best chance of working without a lot of tinkering. There is no provision for tinkering.
The HP Pavillion has some kind of flaw in the hard drive that causes continual system failure.I first purchased the Pavillion in Nov. of 2001. It worked for a few weeks, then quit. I have since been through THREE (Yes, you counted right) replacement units with the SAME problem. There is some kind of glitch that causes a system failure. Just yesterday I had the motherboard replaced on the third unit. (It too quit functioning last week.)I can't even allow my children to download any software on this system. It is too fragile/tempermental. I don't DARE download music files or anything else from the internet. We run the unit with fingers crossed and minimal software. Even then it still breaks down. What a disappointment.To top it off, HP customer service (a toll call, btw..) is less than adequate. Nobody there really seemed to know what to say/do when I called with problems.Run from this one. It's a DUD.
A very bad laptop.  The A/C adapter socket has died twice so far(after having been sent back to be fixed).  The screen flickers constantly.  Upon taking the laptop out of the packaging, you learn that the hibernation mode does not work and that the manufacturer recommends that you turn off all standby modes to prevent the system from freezing.  It gets very hot very quickly and is extremely heavy.  It's got lots of nice, blue-lit shortcut buttons for playing DVDs, except the DVD drive doesn't really work (gets very loud and is extremely slow).  A good laptop to get if you like to trade in for a new one every six months or so.
Screen flickers. Power recepter failed. LCD broke away from mountings in lid. Lid fails to close properly. Gets hot. CD/DVD hangs/fails.
That's what I call this laptop...a POS. I'll let your imagination explain that term for you.I've had the same problems as everyone else. The power supply is now failing for the 3rd time. The screen flickers until eventually flashes black every 5 or 6 seconds. There are no vents on the bottom so it gets incredibly hot. It took writing the CEO of the company to get my laptop fixed the FIRST time b/c they wanted to charge me $400 b/c it was 1 month outside warranty. The second time I had it fixed I did so at my own expense...$160.I wish I had know better before I bought this laptop. Maybe our reviews will help keep someone else from making the same mistake.
This machine incorporates too many catastrophes to list. In an effort to make this easier on myself I'm just gonna list 'em as they come to mind. The speakers are insulting to the ear(they are roughly the size of a dime). Battery endurance is a joke. The lack of any sort of cooling aperatus other than a tiny grate at the rear causes it to literally reach burning temperatures! This is particularly problematic to a new unsuspecting buyer...The hinge with which the base is connected to the screen seems to be made of balsa wood, or something of the sort, and is much too rigid. If you look at the LCD while adjusting the screen you will see the stress running across it as if you were trying to bend it in half. Not good. Now for an even greater flaw: the OSs. Yes, it's no typo, I said OSs. This brings along the first problem. A little over half of the applications will only run in Mac OS 9 forcing you to constanly make the greuling switch between the two. Also, both OS 9 and OS X are the most crash prone OSs you can buy. 'Force Quit,' which erases all unsaved information, will become your best friend(for anyone who doesn't know, that's a VERY bad thing). The only real way to avoid crashing about every ten minutes is to not use the...thing. Not very helpful if you ask me...Oh, I almost forgot, in order to avoid switching from OS X to OS 9 every time you use AOL you must download the beta, which is just that, a beta(in other words, it's a unfinished trial version. Betas are often loaded with bugs). There are infinetly more problems I could document, however, I'm not gonna waste all day with bad things. It's kinda depressing. So please, spare yourself. Something I need to add to this review is the shoddy quality of the mechanical parts. I'v now had this thing for a few months. I treated it like a queen and...is falling to pieces. The little thing that holds the screen closed has ceased to function, making it look like the notebook is always a little open. So much for the good styling. And, the hinge for the screen is taking its last breaths. The longer I have this laptop the worse it turns out to be.
Even though this unit has a great display it is a terrible buy if your a business user.  It will not support any other operating system than Windows XP Home, Sony does not offer an upgrade path(even to XP Professional), there are no drivers available for the hardware configuration.  Buyer's beware, this unit is not for business use.  Sony does not support this product!
The G3 is years out of date and nearly useless.  Don't bother with the current iBooks, they can't handle any of the latest software.  PowerBooks are the only way to go.  Buying a Mac with a G3 would be like paying for a BMW and getting a Kia.  It might look new but it runs slower than a slug.
My iBook was 100 MHZ faster and I could barely run anything on it.  I started hitting the bargian bin for older games just so they would run.  New games, even slightly old games, just won't cut it.  And the CAD software for my engineering classes?  Forget it!  So it mine won't cut it, this thing is worse.  Don't bite man, this one's a dud.
I couldn't afford a higher end Mac so I went with the iBook.  This seemed like a great fit for me since I didn't need a high power laptop and I like the small screen uses less power which equals longer battery life which I need carrying it around school.  In order to avoid the 12" iBooks dreaded "squintitis" I suggest upping the font size a little.  You can't fit as much text on the screen but at least you can see it and you get a lot more battery life than the 14" screens.  The down side is that Apple support is terrible.  I had a problem with my hard disk not spinning up.  After spending ages waiting to talk to a human being I got disconnected.  I called back, waited ages, and spent even more time trying to convince the zombie on the other end that my hard drive would only spin up half the time and was going to fail soon.  I finally convinced them to let me send it back and they kept it for over three weeks.  I finally got it back, and you guessed it, the same problem!!!  They didn't change the hard drive!  As much as I love it I wish I could get my money back just because the service is so bad.  I finally got to talk to a manager who promised to expadite my repair and sent my notebook back.  This time it came back working, but it still took two weeks.  My suggestion is avoid the hassle and by a Powerbook.  The tech manager explained to me that the iBooks are built in Taiwan by a fairly low end manufacturer.  The Powerbooks are built by a better company (also in Taiwan).  He told me virtually all their returns are iBooks and that's why their can be delays, they run out of parts often.  So if you are like me and won't touch Windows with a 10 foot pole, buy a Powerbook, the iBook is not good.
As a long time Mac user at home / pc user at work I feel like Apple has done a good job of staying just above or just below the PC in performance.  I decided it was time for an upgrade and the only notebook in my budget was the iBook so I spent as much as I could to get the best iBook possible.The end result?My iBook takes minutes to do what my PC at work does in seconds.  I work in advertising and spend most of my life working Adobe products.  My iBook crawls at task that I have gotten used to taking no time at all.  I found it was not usuable for anything &quot;advanced&quot;.I'll grant you that it was fine for web browsing and Office but that was about it.  I actually took mine back to the store and got my money back.  Now I am stuck deciding whether to buy a Windows notebook or borrow money and by a G4 notebook.  I am not happy with Apple at all about this.  I am a loyal Mac user and I don't expect to be taken for a ride.  I guess the fact is the G3 needs to be retired.
Let me start by saying I own a Macbook Pro and LOVE it.  I liked the Mac setup so much I bought my daughter an eMac.  She had trouble with it so we brought it to CompUSA (where we bought it) to have it repaired.  A week after we got it home it was broken again. This computer is heavy and hard to carry because there is nothing to hold onto. Since we bought Applecare we brought it to an Apple store to have it repaired again.  They were great.  Turned out that it would cost too much to repair and gave us a new iMac to replace it.  We were very happy with their service, but the eMac just didn't work for us.
Combine a decent G4 with a low end 17&quot; monitor and 128MB of very slow SDRAM and you get a computer that should stay on the shelf.  Don't buy anything but a PowerMac with 512M of DDR-SDRAM.  If you want to run any high end software then make it a dual G4.  I wouldn't curse an eMac on my worst enemy.  Think before you buy.
My Uncle bought an eMac and it never works right.  He puts a lot of software on it which is probably the problem.  It also won't work with his MP3 player.  I wouldn't work with the scanner he bought until he called tech support for an hour.  I have a friend in my Mac club who took his eMac back and bought an iMac for similiar reasons.  His iMac works great.  This model may be cheap but you get what you pay for.  Save yourself the trouble.
Last September 3rd I bought a Toshiba Satellite 5105-S501 laptop from Amazon.com, received it September 9th and was pretty happy with it. Still, by October 25th, the hard drive was failing.So, last Tuesday, November 5th, I took my laptop to ... New York City. I am still waiting for my laptop.Anyway, I do believe I'll get my computer back. But, I thought to myself, I haven't bought a brand new Toshiba laptop to have it be turned into a refurbished Toshiba laptop in less than 2 months of light use.So, I called Toshiba's customer service and I asked them to send me a new laptop, same model, same configuration. The customer service supervisor on duty, ... told me that Toshiba would not replace my computer with a new one, nor would they give me a refund. When I told him that ... offers refunds, he told me: "I am sorry sir, that's a different company". It sure is.I did a bit of research on the Better Business Bureau's website and saw that Toshiba's level of customer service, unlike ... is deemed unsatisfactory.So, think really hard before buying a Toshiba. I sure won't make the same mistake again.
My Sony laptop suddently stopped working. One of its fans was died. It will cost me from 69 bucks to 300 bucks to remove it. Don't buy Sony laptops.
My Sony GRX died one month after the warranty ended.  It boots up, then dies as soon as it warms up (about 30s after bootup).It turns out that the vias on the motherboard have a known problem that Sony nothing about.  I will never by another Sony product!!!
I have a VAIO GRX and have had nothing but trouble with it. It has a problem with the memory slots, the hard drive died and now the LCD screen is malfunctioning which will require another trip to the shop. Sony tech support was a joke, so I was searching the net to try to find possible solutions in an attempt to try to avoid another trip to the shop when I found this site. I will never purchase another Sony computer again.
am using a GRX580 and had the motherboard replaced when the laptop was under warranty and it has since broken again (will not boot if there is a memory chip in slot #2), but now is out of warranty.  I have switched the memory chips around and it still will not boot, but when I leave slot 2 empty it will boot with either of the chips installed.  I use a notebook fan/cooler religiously and take excellent care of my notebook.I had to remove the second memory from my slot #2 and now it will boot up and work just fine, except it is SLOW due to loss of 256MB of auxiliary memory.  I went the to following link and read about it in detail and found a shop that will solder the offending pin and return it to you for $150.  I also read about a proposed class action lawsuit and a virtual petition to sign about making SONY aware of the problem.[...]What can I do now??? I have researched the problem and have found it to be real and am upset that SONY hasn't recalled or fixed the problem.  I queried the parts page on SONY and found that the motherboard to replace this one is not even carried and at another site it is $650.WHAT DO I DO NOW???(...)  WILL SONY STAND BY ITS PRODUCT AND HELP ME????(...)
I bough two sony laptops (Sony VAIO PCG-NV190, PCG-NV170). One had the memory slot problem (mentioned in another review below) within two years.  For the second one, the CDROM/DVD ROM stopped working within one year. Recently, one hard disk died. I would not recommend any sony laptop.
The company I work for bought several of these machines, along with a &quot;next day on-site service&quot; plan.  I was happy with mine until the fan started making this horrible noise.  Then the machine started shutting down spontaneously (system board got too hot, I think).  I called Toshiba for the next day service we had paid for.  To make a long story short, it's been two weeks, the fan has been on back order, and my repair date has been pushed back five times.  It's still not fixed, and they keep stringing me along, &quot;I'm sorry, the fan is on back order, it will be here in a couple of days.&quot;  Do yourself a favor, buy from a company that cares about its customers (not Toshiba).
It was a nightmare dealing with Toshiba. Over the first year, Toshiba replaced the i/o board twice, hard drive twice, and memory module once. On my last repair, I had to spend a week on the phone before Toshiba sent me a repair box. Toshiba didn't fix the problem the first time, not the second time either. I didn't want to waste another week on the phone and another week or two before getting the notebook back (so much for Depot Express service) which might not even be functional. So I gave up and bought a new laptop from another brand.You don't have to hold my words for it. Check out Toshiba company report at [...]If you enter `Toshiba America Information Systems' to see the BBB company report. You will see the following quote&quot;We rate this company as having an unsatisfactory business performance record based on a pattern of unresolved and unanswered customer complaints.Complainants allege defective merchandise and failure to honor warranty claims. Many customers who purchased Toshiba Laptop computers claim the units have an overheating problem due to malfunction of the cooling fan. Other complainants allege delays when computers are sent to the service department for repairs. Some report their computer has been returned two or three times for the same problem, or, that repairs performed did not remedy the problem.The company responds to some complaints by offering additional repairs, or explanations of warranty provisions. Some complaints are unresolved, meaning customers are not satisfied with the company's response. Many other complaints remain unanswered.The Better Business Bureau does not endorse, recommend or disapprove of any company, product or service.&quot;Think twice before buying a Toshiba brand.
Pinnacle withdrew this product from the marketplace fairly quickly. Their "support" desk no longer offers support. In fact, they suggest doing a Google search and then they apologize for the "inconvenience." I've had this happen with 2 Pinnacle products now. There will NOT be a 3rd time. There are better products and better companies out there to do business with.
In order to post review had to specify 1 star. The number of stars recommended is zero since the unit failed to make screen of LCD monitor visible. There was a slight improvement, but not enough to make a difference -- the screen was mostly black. It didn't matter if KVM was connected to the power unit or not. Save yourself $$$.
I bought this card based on other customer recommendations. I could not get this installed properly over a period of 2 weeks. While the Graphics part did install and work, the TV and Video Player was another story completely. I tried several installations, couldn't get it to work right. I went to ATI's website and downloaded a Driver Bundle, just for WinXP. This did not work either. Called their Tech Support, they checked a few things, sent some written instructions, and never did get it to work right. I work in computers, and may not be an expert, but I am no dummy either....I've installed other cards before, but this card, as far as I'm concerned is nothing but A BIG BUST!! And I can't say I was impressed with ATI's Tech Support. I will not buy ATI ever again.
ATI graphic cards are the best... Sure, only when they work! I encourage all future buyers to read and read reviews about ATI cards, especially in between the lines where you'll find all the details and future pain.My 8500 ATI failed already twice and my remote control just stopped working after installing the replacement card. The real problem is with software. ATI is just uncapable to write drivers correctly. Therefore each time you install the last pack, something goes wrong, either the TV stop working, or the sound disapears, etc. And you have to reinstall the entire pack every update, i.e. every 2 months you have to go through the most painfull software installation ever, which is going to take in between 2 and 3 hours and that you'll have to redo in between 1 and 2 times to get things working. You'll have to manage yourself dealing with the registry, make you one back-up, etc. By the way, on the last update - 09-2003, I was asked to pay 10 dollars to have the DVD player working!Of course each time you have to dug in your computer to remove and reinstall the card manually. Invariably, one day you go wrong and your computer does not reboot. I saved mine with an air pulser because there was dust on the board.My best experience with gaming was when my ATI card was in repair! I put the replacement one. Zanzhara does not work anymore. Try Matrix? Don't work more than 2 second before scratching.SO, waht shoud I do? Probably waiting for the next driver update, sometime in November or December.Merry Christmas.
This laptop worked fine for me for the first year and a half.  I could write my papers.  I could write programs.  Movies played great.  For that period of time it was a GREAT laptop.  All was right with the world.  Then one day, inexplicably, my CD-RW stops working.  I mean it couldn't read anything from a burned data CD to a DVD.  It was never dropped, hit, or otherwise attacked.  It sat on a table by itself at all times.  I took it to the local PC doctors and after some diagnostics it was determined that the CD-RW was bad.  Then, about a year or so later my hard drive decided it was tired of working.  One day I got the blue screen and it was all she wrote.  It wouldn't even start Windows XP.  I took it back to the PC doctor, they ran some diagnostics, and told me the hard drive was jacked up.  Getting a replacement from HP wasn't an option as they charge twice as much and more for one than other retailers.  I'm looking for an affordable one online and I'm just going to replace it myself.  Before this I was using a Sony VAIO desktop.  I will admit that those things are a little pricier than a lot of PCs but I can honestly say that I NEVER had a hardware issue with it.  It might be time for me to save up some paychecks and go back to what worked and leave this HP mess alone.
We bought this PC for my father-inlaw.  He does not want to be a PC expert.  He wants to send email, surf the web, buy things from Amazon, watch some DVDs and listen to music.  This PC has been nothing but trouble.  DVDs did not play at all.  After checking out the HP user forums, a full reinstall was the answer.  Merry Christmas, Dad!  Failed startups are common, reboots if you plug/unplug power during startup, screen flicker, and rotten online support have made this a really poor experience.  I encourage you to go to the HP user forums and see the problems that people are having with this unit.  It does not seem like I got the one bad apple.  Good luck.
If you go on HPs forums, you'll see quite a few major problems with this laptop.1. DC jack comes loose or breaks off board, laptop becomes unuseable2. Backlight flickers, then goes off, inverter fried3. Hard drive may suddenly stop responding4. Touch pad is sticky or non responsive or just plain broken5. Upgrading bios may turn the laptop into a brick even if you do it exactly right and pick the right one.6. Battery stops working unexpectedly7. Buying it from a computer store, you may be missing parts like th AC adapter or the recovery disks. HP will charge you $100 for the disks even though the windows license is right on the computer. Don't ever buy a computer from an electronics store. Never.If you have enough to get a decent computer, buy a Dell. If you are strapped for cash, buy a Gateway. If you have plenty of cash, buy a Thinkpad...they are the best laptops in the market. I am not writing this as a rabid "fanboy", but as a person who owns the paperweight, I mean the HP ze5170 right now and who has experienced every one of these issues. I have also owned several Thinkpads and Gateways.  Oh, I miss my 333mhz Thinkpad...isn't that terrible?
Truely a waste of money.  Takes up a bunch of space on my desk.  The mouse goes through batteries every 3 weeks.  I don't know how, since the mouse doesn't actually DO anything!  The keyboard intermittently responds to my keystrokes, but it makes up for it by randomly repeating spaces in documents (even when I'm not typing).  The keyboard has a wonderful feature that enables it to paste screen shots into documents automatically -- even when I'm simply trying to cut and paste text!  Don't waste your money or time.
I purchased my 1740 in Sep 2002, got 3 months of use out of it.  It developed a problem, 2 entire lines of pixels went dead.  It took numerous calls and emails (getting a call back from Formac is kinda like seeing Haily's Comet - it happens but maybe only once in a lifetime),  finally Formac issues an RMA.  After 3 weeks I call to check status, they claim they never received the monitor.  After I produced the tracking verification that they signed, they finally admitted to receiving it.  It took another week and a half to get a replacement.  When replacement shows up, it doesn't work!  That was 3 weeks ago and Foramc wont issue another RMA to me until I register the product on their website, and their automated registration doesn't recognize the SN of replacement monitor.  Bottom line - Horrible service, nothing at Formac seems to work!  Do yourself a huge favor and buy the Apple monitor.
A couple years ago, our IT department replaced all our perfectly good 17" monitors with Planar PV174 flat panels.  Big mistake.  They are blurry at all resolutions, making them very unpleasant to use all day.  At the alleged native resolution of 1280x1024, they are painfully hard to read.  I have to keep mine at 800x600 to keep my eyes from bugging out.  I've found several reviews raving about how crisp and clear they are, and I can only wonder what those people were really looking at, because it couldn't have been one of these.  These displays are so bad, I felt an obligation to seek out this product here and write this warning.
I bought the emac three weeks ago. I love Apple, but oure-mac broke down the day we bought it.I called Apple customer service. I figured I could get it fixedor replaced, since it's under Apple Care's Warranty. Theygave me a &quot;case number&quot;, and got me to take it back to thestore. Now I'm waiting for Apple to ship a part to them.It's been 3 weeks...I've been told it's a bad shipment of emacs. Apple has beenunable to replace or fix the computer, although it was underwarranty. So some of us are out 1000 dollars or more.
I bought my HP Pavilion ze4145 brand new off the shelf at Best Buy. My biggest mistake was not buying the extended warranty.Just like some car companies, HP built this laptop to last for about as long as the original warranty (1 year).I can tell you that several costly items will break-down:1) The first to go is the battery, which by the way does not last very long to justify it's expense to replace.2) The second to go for me was the ports I used the most. Many users have reported that the motherboard cracks causing the following problems.a. Parallel Printer portb. The PCMIA slot of which there is ONLY one even though the slot openings (plural) gives the appearance of two.3) The third thing to go is the CD/DVD Writer. The reader portion continues to work, but the writer is shot.4) Finally the most costly breakdown of them all is nothing short of highway robbery. If I had the resources I would take HP to court for this one alone!The parts that HP use in both their HP and Compaq laptops are faulty. Especially the "inverters". This little part, which used to sell for $25-30 dollars, is the lifeline to the LCD screen functioning. Only HP does not sell the inverter any more. You have to buy the entire LCD assembly for nearly $1500.00 to repair this. Or you can buy the inverter part on Ebay for as much as $150-200 dollars with no guarantee that it works.If you dont plan on having the laptop around for a while I'd say it was a great PC while it lasted. But expect to pay a heavy toll on maintainance if you want any life out of your investment. And by all means get the longest extended warranty you can get your hands on.You have been warned!
In addition to numerous other problems that this laptop has had over the past year, its power supply just EXPLODED.So not only does this laptop have shoddy hardware, it's a fire hazard.
I purchased my notebook computer in November of 2001.  At the same time I purchased HP's [$$$] 'Support Pack' which extends the warranty to 3 years and guarantees a 3 day turn around time.  Fed Ex picks it up and brings it back and HP picks up the shipping.  I wasted my moneyI have owned my computer for 12 months and it hasn't worked properly for 8 months.  The battery will not fully charge.  Sometimes it will charge to only 3%, sometimes to 70%.  But it will not fully charge no matter how long you try to charge it.I have performed numerous system calibrations and BIOS upgrades and I have sent it in for repair 3 times...This time they replaced the motherboard.  The problem isn't fixed.My computer still doesn't work...Save yourself a huge headache.  Buy a computer that works...
I wanted to buy a reasonably powerful laptop, my criteriafastresolution something that went above 1280x1024/768pricefast graphicsreliableso far its done ok on price and resolution, its inexpensive.HP support is terrible to non existant, which is odd because i've been a loyal hp customer with printers and found them amazingly good for that.The graphics performance is abysmal, its about as powerful as an old 3DFX voodoo, its a 16 bit card really and doesn't support a lot of features that dx8/dx9 requires for speed.External monitor ues displays a lot of noise, (using a belkin high performance $[$]video cable and 19 inch sony trinitron)Reliable? Crashes are frequent and unexplained, i've tried it in various setups with xp home and xp pro, graphics drivers are typically unstable as is usual with ATI, adding an nVIDIA chipset to this laptop range would help with the biggest problem.Its very quiet, i like that, it hibernates well. Though there are frequent startup problems, i seem to be past that with upgrade of gfx drivers and IO drivers, which i found out from other users not HP.The laptop looks great with its pretty blue lights ;), the build quality is ok, the case is a little soft and scratches very easily, the clearance underneath isn't much and the design of the fan layouts, as is typical with P4 laptops, makes it not really work well as a laptop, it'll overheatThe disk subsystem is very slow, benchmarks are poor.Battery life, around an 1 hour or so of decent use, default settings can mean it'll shutdown too late too fast.Other problems have been that unplugging the external monitor, it wont flip back to the laptops display often, so you either have to plug it in or reset, the fn+monitor switch does nothing, this may be down to the upgraded M6 drivers.Keyboard is good, touchpad is great, has some nice featuresSpeakers are adequate, a bit over hyped in the ad'sperformance of the cpu is a bit slow compared to other 2.6 systems, probably the board and memory, sandra shows it weak performancePower supply connector, terrible, it wil break easily, its right angled and a weak connector inside, you can feel it moving around and loosening up, a few people have already had them fail.display quality is greatit has 3 usbs sockets and a 4 pin firewire which is nice.CD drive is reasonably good no coasters yet, speed is good read and writeBottom line is, its an ok laptop, but its not high end or "pro" use, good for email, web and game play for like q3a or halflife etc, high end graphics apps or recent games high FPS, forget it, battery life isnt good enough for a roadwarriori'm giving mine to my girlfriend , she'll love it.
I've had nothing but trouble wth this computer. I've had to return it several times to Best Buy (where I bought it) and directly to HP. Neither has been able to fix the latest problems.The power switch wore out quick. It takes several tries to get it to power up. The USB, serial and power connections on the back loosen up. I loose connections constantly.They raved about the speaker sysystem in this thing, but it's barely audible. Use headphones instead!The battery life is rediculously short. I've tried the buit in optimizer and other suggestions of "exercising" the battery, but it won't last 2 hours even when word processing. It won't last long enough to watch half a DVD.The display still works fine now (the reason I bought this model). I had a flickering problem at first but HP solved that one. HP did fix the problem crashing often too. They alos repaired the doors on the floppy that felloff the first week I owned it.This unit isn't beat on. I am the sole user of this system and it has been taken VERY good care of. Never dropped. Rarely taken outside my home.It could be a great system if HP used better connectors and hardware.Dave
I purchased this laptop in late October and since had to return it for repairs 3 times. It worked fine until I tried to run intensive graphic applications. When I sent it back to HP they replaced the hard drive and replaced the touch pad assy.  When I got it back it still didn't run intensive graphic applications.  HP advised me to install two special patches for the ATI card.  After installing the patches, my laptop no longer started. Since I purchased a warranty with my laptop, HP agreed to replace the laptop.  Unfortunatly today 3/5, the new laptop I just received won't start! I guess it is another call to HP.  My advice is don't buy the HP pavilion ze5185 laptop if you are planning to run intensive graphic applications (business apps or games).  After this experience, I will never consider buying another HP laptop.
This computer was very dissapointing.  I expected a machine that would be easy to use, and would play a part in my everyday life.  Instead, we got a machine that is plagued with problems.  Some so cripiling, we had to reinstall XP two times.  I've had enough...I'm going to Apple.  Awful waste of $1,600.
Horrible problems.  Can't use the modem to get to the internet.Not with MSN, not with AOL...  Customer support saidreload/rebuild, still didn't work.  Comp USA gave us a replacement, which had the identical problem.  A few rebuilds later, I'm still wondering if I'll ever get to the internet.
I have a SONY VAIO PCV desktop PC and I am unable to use a recovery disk. The one I created in 2003 does not work. Sony support tells me they do not recognise the serial # and the product code and the model number! They say in order to SELL me a correct recovery CD they must recognize the Model Number on my Sony Vaio PC. The SONY sticker clearly states the model number and I registered the PC when I purchased it  yet SONY does not recognize it! So now I'm not only unable to recover Windows XP but also I have a computer that SONY refuses to support! And it was purchased for over $1500 at Walmart! What a SCAM! I also own a SONY DSC camera ($1000+) which had been repaired by SONY in the past due to the class action lawsuit many years ago. SONY is up to something! I will never buy SONY again! And I will research who the owners are so I never by any products by any of their other companies as well! Any class action? Do let me know!
Bummer-I love and use Sony products all day long (in TV Production- cameras, DVCAM decks, VAIO laptops, etc.) and was excited to get the new PCV RZ14G.  I set it up as my primary desktop editing station.  After 3 weeks, the power supply smoked.  After talking to Sony (after a 1 hour hold) they said I could send it to them and get it back in 10 business days.  Deciding I could not take a 2 week vacation from my computer, I took it back to Circuit City and they replaced it (very cool.)Three weeks later, a puff of smoke again and adios to number 2 box.  I looked at the power supply in the computer and found it to be rated at just 295 Watts!  Wow- a computer with a 2.5GHz P4, CD, DVD-RW, Hard drive, 6 USB Ports, Firewire, TV Encoder card, even a place to plug in the speakers on the back of the computer- etc. (they all take power, by the way) and Sony cheesed out with [an inexpensive]PS.  Again- all of my work is on this box, so I replace the power supply myself (yes, I bought one.)Next day, I get an email from Sony that started like this:"The issue involves the possible loss of power and the inability to restart your PC. We want to assure you that we have taken a number of steps to correct the problem. The satisfaction of our customers is our number one concern ...."Guess enough people had this problem so.... I call again, this time hold was 1.5 hours- and again, they want my computer.  I ask them to just send me the power supply and I will be happy to replace it.  No dice.  No deal.  I have to send it away.  I asked for a replacement machine so I would not be down while my machine is in a box somewhere.  Nope- can't do that either.  Basically, they made a poor product and I have to shut down for a week while they fix it.So what's the moral of the story?  Never buy a computer for mission critical work from a company that will not send parts or a replacement machine.  An ...computer for playing MP3s or for the family room maybe, but if you will use it for work, think again.  A company really shows their worth in support, and Sony has fallen short.
This computer started burning out of the power box! After that It crashed and would not turn back on. Good thing I was home at the time. It could have set my house on FIRE. I sent it back to sony and they sent it back to me in a short time with a free hand held computer(that I never use). The computer has never ran the same since. Anytime I work on large programs It crashes. I sent It back and they did some work on it. But, it wasn't long after that I was having more crashing and burning odors. I would like Sony to just give ME A NEW COMPUTER!!!!
First the computer has no bios.  Bios allows you to adjust what is connected to your computer or even boot devices such as booting to cd rom to install a new OS.  The only way to access the severely LIMITED bios is to insatll an os and Toshiba utility.  VERY BADSecond the display is horrible.  The black spaces between each pixel is visibly irriating.  Pictures do not appear clear and look fuzzy.  Especially annoying on a white screen such as Word.  This is horrible!Third I attempted to install a 5400 rpm hard drive.  The drive works in every other laptop except you guessed it this one.  Apparently only Toshiba drives work in this machine and must have a SLAVE setting to operate.Fourth the usb will not auto detect my devices.  I must manually go to device manager and force a scan for hardware changes.Stay away from this laptop....
If I could score this lower I would. Not necessarily because the machine isn't good. Truth is, I didn't know. I couldn't get the DVD-R to work, which is why I purchased this machine. There was no software to write DVDs, unless you want to make a movie. The movie making software will write the movie you just created, but if you want to copy files to the DVD for backup or any other reason, Toshiba doesn't provide software and doesn't support the DVD function. Their tech support basically told me, tough luck... and I spent nearly $300 on extended support and warranty insurance. I had to find the Japanese site that has the software and write to them. They did send me the software that Toshiba was supposed to provide and didn't. Once I figured out how to work everything on my own, the machine works great and I love it. Toshiba really needs to work on their customer service. I was going to purchase this machine from Toshiba, but sales never returned my calls or emails, so I got it on Amazon. I really wanted the s704 but Amazon only sold the s703 (WinXP home vs pro) And Amazon had it for a little less with free shipping to boot. So I guess the bottom line is, the computer is nice, Toshiba support is awful and if you don't know what you're doing, they aren't going to help you.
This damn machine alway crash without any warning and cannot boot after that. I have to try all the ways to cool it (including with ice!!) to make it boot again. Strongly against this damn machine.
My computer shuts down all the time and forgot one hour - think more like 10 minutes - it is ridiculous and I would NEVER buy a Toshiba again - they have a class action lawsuit against them for the series 1500 but not for this model - if anyone is a lawyer and bought this - maybe it would be good to also file for one!
After having this computer for almost 9 months I have encountered some SERIOUS problems, it will not start up without being plugged in &amp; having the keyboard banged on.  Sent it to the &quot;premier&quot; service center in my state, got it back a week later with a new system board and the same problem.  They tried ordering a power button board for it, but that was backordered so they just sent it back to me without the new power button board.  Supposedly they started it up &amp; shut it down about 4 times and it worked fine, why is it when I got it back that it still has the same problem?  All you do to start it up is hold the button for a few seconds, don't know how its anything I'm doing that is wrong.  Toshiba is no help, all they tell you is that you should either send it back to the same service center or directly to them &amp; wait another 1-2 weeks.  Who has that much time to be without a computer?  Then toshiba's policy on PCMCIA adapter slots that have a flapper that falls in is to yank out both flappers &amp; leave a hole there for you.  This is per their plastic policy.  Bunch of junk....make sure you have a premier service center in your city before buying if anything!
I have had my Toshiba for a little over a month.  The system works wonderfully (that's the one star I gave it), but it's so poorly built (thus no further stars).1.  I ended up with one bad pixel on my LCD screen.  Toshiba told me I have to have 3 in order for them to fix it.  It's in a spot that is not obvious, but sad for the [$$]I dished out for it. Didn't feel happy about 'settling' with it.2. 'Both' USB ports fell apart.  The tabs inside each port snapped off.  The funny part, I have only used one port out of the two since I got it, and I have been extremely careful with handling them (they looked cheap). My little sisters PS2 USB ports are built better then these are.3. Finally, the DVD/CD drive door is so cheap. If you have a young teen using this...kiss the door goodbye.  I'm an adult, and I am EXTRA careful opening and closing the drive with fear it will snap off any day now.  If you have a young adult that will use this - keep this in mind.  My 15 year old sister would have trashed the door ten times over already.I now have no computer becasue I have to mail it to Toshiba. They say one week, but we will have to see.  Toshiba had great Customer Service, (like everyone claims), but what's the point when the thing is put together in such a cheap way.If you get a GOOD one, you'll be VERY pleased. The thing works great. It's fast and handles all my software like an ace, but if you get a BAD one, get ready to have things slowly start to fall apart on you.Toshiba claims I need a whole new motherboard and I will lose everything on my hard drive that I have put on it to date.  Very annoying.  Amazon Help was useless and kept sending me 'from the book' answers to my very decent emails. Finally,Amazon did offer to return my money, but wouldn't exchange it for a new one for me??? Meaning after the refund I would have  to re buy it. That makes no sense to me.  They are just making it complicated.  Sorry I bough this unit.
There's an old saying... you get what you pay for. This is DEFINITELY the case with the Satellite 1905-S303. WE've had the computer for about a year and a half now with nothing but trouble. Here's a run down:- Very Noisy Fan- Laptop runs HOT HOT HOT! even with proper ventilation- Periodically shuts down without warning (I think due to heat)- After a year, the batter life is abysmal (less than 60 minutes)- Very weighty &amp; big- Poor placement of cooling fan; if you try to use the laptop on your lap, you often block the cooling fan causing a crash due to heat- Screen: if you have something really bright or really dark on the screen, you can sometimes see dark lines running up the screen from the light/dark area.- Awful power managment; 90% of the time the battery dies w/out any warning to plug in- WORST TECH SUPPORT EVER!!! We bought the 36 hour guaranteed turn around support. First time we sent it in for support, they &quot;lost&quot; the computer for a week. I lost a job b/c I didn't have my computer back in time for the demo. When they finally found it, but returned it untouched saying there weren't any problems (even though it regularly dies).Do yourself a favor... buy Dell. This is the LAST Toshiba I'll ever buy.
When I bought it, it had a good price/benefit relation. But it has a video driver problem that Toshiba couldn't solve until now. It crashes every hour. I do not recommend it.
I bought one from my friend 2 months ago, within the freakin hour I used it, it broke, the computer went off, no buttons pressed. It's 2x heavier than my current Dell 4100, and it's a heck of allot bigger. It's also unable to perform like 20 programs at a time, man. I gave it a 1, because it's junk...
...I was very disappointed. First, the design is the worst among the brands. Second, its display is not as good as the others also. Then I try the keyboard. When I pressed on one key, the whole keyboard goes down (I have never see any laptop as (inexpensively made) as this one)...
before I bought this from Amazon.comI have owned at least 3 toshiba laptops with great expriences.However, this one is my nightmare.I spent all sunday dealing with internet connections problem...Now, I'm pretty sure Toshiba has messed up everything about NIC on this specific computer, I have to insert another Netgear FA410TX pcmcia NIC to get me connected to AT&T; cable modem(via an 8-part soho hub/switch)...I tried no only XP(home-edition, pre installed), but also Mandrake Linux 9.0 (reporting PCI collision 00:if:00 something...) couldn't bring-up the NIC whatsoever...however, the reason I gave it 1star is because it's running fine on LAN(not TCP/IP, keep in mind, it's NetBIOS/IPX/SPX)....tried both DHCP or fixed IP, neither is working... I have never bought any computer as stupid as this... Besides, I would give XP a firm 0star... cheers.
My GRX650 died one month after the 1 Yr warranty ended.  It turns out that these laptops have motherboard problems that Sony new about, but didn't bother to fix.  I will never buy another Sony product.
This is only 16MB!  My mistake.  What does one do with a 16MB memory card?!?  Totally useless!
In an age of sub-500 dollar laptops... why would you want one of these "appliances" (read: Novelty Item) at the current price-point...? I have a wireless network set up in my home and connect with two desktops, two laptops, a print server, and a HP Pocket PC. All of the drives are shared, every device can hit on the print server, and all devices can be used simultaneously. In the case of the laptops and the Pocket PC, they can be used anywhere on my property and even will roam across the street. I have one PC laptop that stays at home and a Powerbook that travels with me. When I go to work, I roam right into another wireless network and again share all of my resources. The difference is that when I am sitting in the airport or a hotel room, I can actually pull out my laptop and work. Back to the original question: Why would you want to spend [so much] on a dumb terminal when you can have a full-blown laptop for much less? The tablet PC would be at least as good as the laptop and would offer the "touch screen" interface for those who like it. This "smart display" is the whole "network appliance" idea, which apparently just will not die, repackaged - the proverbial "pig with lipstick" ... or is it the Trojan Horse? Following the technology insider's path, the next move will be to "simulate" the versatility of the stand-alone laptop by having the "smart display" link up to a Microsoft server and an Adobe server and a Corel server ...etc. At first we will be given this "feature" at, or possibly below, cost (called a "loss leader" in marketing). Then, after a period of time, we will be forced to pay increasingly higher monthly fees to both access our software and to store our information. Pandemonium will follow... I can see it coming as clearly as I can see a storm coming on the Weather Channel's radar. Personally, I am taking my laptop and my umbrella.
I bought my Toshiba 2435-S255 Notebook about 2 months ago from Circuit City.  When I got home with it, I opened it up, and it was wonderful!  Everything worked perfect and flawless, I couldn't believe the speed at which it was operating, and how perfect the laptop seemed to be!  It seemed to good to be true...now I know it was.  It has been nearly 2 months, and the problems have started!  At a little over 1 month in age, the computer began suddenly turning off at random points.  Now I don't mean having an error and shutting down, I mean totally shutting off.  It seemed like the power was stolen from it.  I didn't think much of it the first couple times, but it's gotten worse and worse.  Now, the laptop turns off and doesn't turn back on!  I did some looking on Tosiba's website, and believe it or not on their own message boards I found at least 20 other people with the same laptop as me having the exact same problem!!!  I couldn't believe it!  I have been fighting with Circuit City and Toshiba since to get my money back--or at least get a new working laptop!!  From everything I have seen, they have not been able to fix one yet!  So much for the perfect laptop.
This machine is upgradeable Vista except for one missing driver which doesn't affect anything. Cetainly not worth $800. I replaced mine with a brand new Satellite A135-S4656 for $350! This replacement is tough and I lug it around quite a bit.
A major disappointment. I have had this computer for 3 years and I do regret buying it. It seemed like an outstanding computer when I purchased it but it was not long before heat became a major issue. Yes, it is very well equipped...but it overheats so easily and suddenly shuts off that it negates most features. I can not afford to keep repairing my computer every few months. I can go online with this computer and word process...that is pretty much it. There are far more affordable models that can meet those needs. If I play a video game, burn a CD, or try to print a long document the computer overheats and loses power. It would be comical if it had not cost me so much to buy it. I would not purchase any Toshiba computer product in the future just because this laptop left a very bitter taste in my mouth.
I had high expectations for this, my first laptop, after reading about Toshiba's reputation for laptop quality.  After seven weeks in which I was unable to get two different units to connect to the internet properly, I will pass on Toshiba products in the future.  The techs at Toshiba, the retail vendor and two different internet providers were as baffled as I was.  The verdict: two malfunctioning internal modems.  These two lemons cost me a lot of time, aggravation and effectiveness in work and school responsibilities.  I just received my money back from the retail store.  They aren't very happy with Toshiba, either, at this point.  I can't blame them.
and perhaps the either HP/Compaq line of notebook PCs.Got this notebook a week ago. Start noticed it cannot keep accurate time. Depends on how the load is, it some times looses up to 10 minutes in less than two hours.I was advised by HP support I need to update BIOS of the notebook. They first told me to run &#65533;e-diags&#65533; utility from the notebook, which as it turns out it was not there. After several e-mail it was clear that the only way to put it on is to run the &#65533;Recovery CD&#65533; this is a four CD set. Further more, there is no selection to restore individuals program. I have to run the entire 4 CD set. To make things worst, this recover CD will also reformat the hard disk and wipe out whatever it is on it!At this point I tried to see if there is any other way to update the BIOS. Well, the only other way is to use a floppy drive, which this notebook does not have! I also asked if they can e-mail or I can down load this &#65533;e-diags&#65533;. As it turns out, HP has designed this &#65533;e-diags&#65533; in a &#65533;hidden&#65533; partition on the hard disk. If your notebook does not have that partition on it, the only way to &#65533;get it&#65533; is to run that recover CD to reformat and re-partition the disk!! Can you imagine some time down the road when you have 10 or even 20 GB of stuff that you need to backup and recover just to recover some program may be you delete it by accident?I consider the logic behind this design totally wrong. It seems HP has placed more importance on making their engineers has easier life than to their customers. It is unacceptable to let a BIOS flaw that cannot keep time to get out of door in the first place. Worst, they should not have designed a system recover program that is so inflexible that require wipe out the entire driver even to just recover a program. Lastly, they should not design a system update tool that is solely depends on a unknown hidden partition.Needless to say, I will return the notebook and get a Toshiba or Sony instead. I have no doubt the rest of HP and Compaq line used the same flawed design.
We purchased a Toshiba Satellite 6100 Pro in our office for our company president last year. Looking back it is one of the worst purchases we could have made. The laptop has been thru various stages of repairs in the last year, and just recently upon reboot the computer set its own power-on password locking the user out of his data for good. Do a google search for &quot;BUILT IN HDD PASSWORD =&quot; and you will see other Satellite owners have lost their hard drives as well. When you contact Toshiba they are aware of this &quot;glitch&quot; but can do nothing for you, but recommend a data recovery center that charges approx. $2500 to recover your data.  Scary to think a product deemed best in class could prove to be quite the opposite.
I recently purchase the Hp 5270 &amp; I was dissatisfied.  The DVD/CDRW would not open no matter how often I tried.  I returned the computer to the store &amp; tried the display units &amp; found that they would occasionally would not open.  I tried to open the DVD several times &amp; on each display unit (2) there was a problem.  I finally opt for a Toshiba laptop.  Otherwise I did like the computer but the DVD is an important part of a computer.
The packaging on this item states that it connects via USB 2.0 technology, but beware, it is not backwards compatible. On the back of the reader itself you have to read, "Please make sure you equip with USB 2.0 mainboard or adaptor card while accessing this reader."This is highly unusual because most 2.0 work with USB 1.Bad. Other than that, i am sure its a good reader. But I needed a reader that i could use with my Mac, PC and laptop and this is not it, as i am not going to equip them all with 2.0 just for a $.. reader.
The fan can be adjusted to the "quiet mode" - it's in the manual.Also, after mine started over-heating and shutting down I soon figured out that the fan was filled with dust.  I blew out the fan holes on the right side of the computer and a dust cloud came out the back.  Ever since I regurlarly blow them out with either my mouth or a can of air.  I have used the computer every day for almost 2 years and no problems ever again!
I agree with the first reviews. Never buy Sony Vaio notebooks.The design of the mainboard is really old and is not conceived to support the modern processors, so the notebook overheats and shuts down after some time.I also had a really bad support from Sony, it seems they are joking with customers, they should be aware of this problem and recall the systems for a free repair, instead they ask about 650$.With that money is better to buy a new laptop, surely not from Sony.
Overheats and shuts down all the time, to the point where I can't even use it. DVD player doesn't work (could be related to the overheating problem).Sony not only not helpful, actually wasting my time by giving me misleading, time-consuming solutions to try (which of course are useless)laptops are not supposed to do this.  I know, because I've seen my friends buy cheaper(!!!) ones that work fine.This computer does function fairly well as a good looking, solid paperweight though.
Computer worked fine for 6 months.  After that computer began shutting down unexpectedly.  We found out that this was an issue with an overheating CPU.  Sony has not been helpful, we sent the computer to get fixed by them.  When they sent it back the computer worked fine for another 2 months. This has been the worst experience with a laptop that I've ever had from a hardware point of view and from the service that we have received from Sony.  You pay extra dollars for a recognizable brand only to get the quality of a cheap brand.Do yourself a favor..... get a Dell.
I guess this is the only way I can do some catharsis to somehow mitigate the frustration generated by the use of this laptop!I bought it in 2003 (Circuiy City), and immediatelly experienced RANDOM SHUT DOWNS. After a while the OVERHEATING problem was evident. I could hardly use the laptop. After researching on the web I found several workarounds all the way from using artic ice to taking the fan out and dusting it by blasting air through it. The latter worked for me, and I have not seen overheating for about a year. However, the BATTERY has always been WEAK (NEVER LASTS MORE THAN AN HOUR).Currently, there SEEMS to be a problem with the AC ADAPTER. With HORROR I'm reading reports from people who attribute this to a short in the actual AC plug ... therefore buying a new adapter might NOT solve the problem.Do yourself a favor DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP!!!
I have had this laptop for 3 years, and have had all of the problems listed here.  It overheats and crashes if I don't baby it.  BOTH of the memory slots have become loose, I have to put a rubber spacer on top of the one memory card I can get to function to hold it in tight enough for the system to even boot (aside from all of the related system crashes and two weeks to figure out what the problem even was).  The A/C adapter wires have broken/shorted on BOTH SIDES of the power supply.  The LCD frame is slowly disintegrating to dust every time I open it, and reciently has begun to short out.  And of course, Sony couldn't care less.  Unfortunately, at the time I made this purchase all the reviews were good.  If I had waited even 3 months I would have seen that it was a horrible choice.
For basic tasks this laptop is probable fine -- however if you are going to use it with products like Adobe Photoshop or do any kind of software compiling then skip this one. The laptop has a terrible overheating problem and shuts down quite often when the CPU is chunking.I am sorry I bought this thing.
I purchased this Sony Notebook back in the summer of 2003.  Within a few months, it was overheating and shutting down.  I called Sony to ask if this was normal, which they said it wasn't, and I was told to send it in and they would repair it.  It was still under warranty, so they repaired it at no charge.After a few months, the same problem started happening again.  So, I just quit using the blasted thing all together.  Decided recently to start trying to use it again.  Low and behold, same thing. So, after reading all of the reviews on Amazon, I decided to call Sony.  It was a long shot, but I thought that MAYBE they would say "why yes, we have had problems with that model and we would like to work with you on taking care of this problem".  What a joke!  They actually told me that they havn't heard of any complaints about this problem.  I told them that I went on the internet and searched for overheating problems on this notebook and that I had come up with TONS of complaints.  The "customer service" rep. then told me that anyone could write anything that they wanted to on the internet, but that didn't mean that they were telling the truth!  Can you believe that?!  First, they say that they have had no complaints about this problem and then they say that any complaints that I have read are probably just "made up".  I'll never buy a Sony product again and I told the guy that.  I'm sure he could have cared less!
I have purchased the computer on February of 2003. This computer is a big disappointment.1. Just like other desktop replacement computers, it's weight is not as light as it was advertised.2. The battery life is abysmal. Even working on a Internet Explorer, the battery doesn't last more than an hour and a half.3. The fan noise of this computer is awkardly loud. I thought I must have gotten a defected item, but all products are like this. My computer was in a service (service was fast though...) but the repaired item had a same problem. It becomes almost unbearable to work because of the noise.The brand of "Sony" makes people buy this computer, but for the money, select one of Dell or Toshiba.
I bought a sony PCG-GRZ630 one and a half year ago, so did one of my friends. We were attracted by its lower price, large memory and large screen ..., and so on. Half a year later I met the first problem, the integrated Lan card didn't work properly. It was automatically disconnected occasionaly for unknown reasons. One year later, just after the gurantee expires, my friend's GRZ630 failed to power on, no matter how hard we try!!  Just a few days ago, I had the same problem with mine. It was terrible! Fortunately, I got it powered on again after exchanging the position of the memory sticks. Anyway, it is the worst experience with this laptop. Just a nightmare!!Suggestion: NEVER buy a sony laptop any more!!!
if you check on the web about sony lap tops you will see a lot of recalls for lap tops, the very big problem is that they are not recognizing a lot of complaints for to many customers, I am talking about the model GRZ 630, i have this model and it only worked for around 1 year if you see on the web about this model and to many models after this on sony vaio lap tops, you will see some problem with overheating. I personally don't recommend sony to buy lap tops.  before i bought this product, I thought sony was quality, but now my impression is different, sony is the worst selling lap tops.
I bought one Sony PCG-V505BX from Circuit City in July 2003. The laptop was made in USA. Within the 12 months warranty, it was sent for service because of touch pad issue and battery locker broken. In April 2005, the DVD drive couldn't recognize disc anymore. And the machine can burn papers after 10 minutes using. When I brought it to Circuit City, I was told I am lucky enough to keep this laptop running. A lot of Sony laptops which were sold around my time were already broken down because of overheating problems.My Sony DSC-F 717 digital camera was once sent to service because of CCD problem also.I used to trust Sony and would like to pay much more money to get Sony stuff, but I am disappointed to my purchase.After reading some reviews here, I put a package of blue ice covered with textile under the laptop. This method works fine at this moment. But, how ridiculous,we have to struggle all these problems.
THIS LAPTOP IS WORST ONE THAT U CAN GET IN THE MARKET. I BOUGHT THIS IN 2003 JULY AFTER 2 WEEKS ITSELF I HAD OVER HEATING PROBLEM. aFTER A YEAR THE SCREEN WENT BLIND, THEN THE HARDDRIVE, YESTERDAY AGIN THE SCRREN IS GONE. THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP. I USED TO BILEVE IN SONY NOT ANY MORE.PLEASE DONT BUY IT UNLESS YOUR THERMOSTAT IS SET TO 25 DEGREE F.
I bought a Sony Vaio about six months ago and have had nothing but problems with it.  There are a lot of issues with the hardware, make sure you've looked them up.  Mine would shut down randomly for no reason. Once after one of these random shut downs, I rebooted to find my hard drive completely wiped.  The battery is very poor, mine lasts about 20 minutes from fully charged to low battery alarm.  There's also an issue with the power circuits, sometimes the jack comes loose internally.  Mine recently burned something out on the mother board that prevents me from recharging my battery.I'm sorry to say that the Vaio is the shoddiest piece of workmanship I've ever had the misfortune to come across.
I purchased this laptop in April 2003 from circuit city.  The laptop was new at the time and not many reviews, good or bad, were out yet.  It seemed affordable but it has been an absolutely terrible computing experience.  There is no reliability in this machine.  Whether or not the device is designed to overheat in less than 15 minutes use, I don't know, but this fact makes it impossible to handle as a "laptop".  The fan constantly runs making it too loud to use in any quiet working situation.  The system frequently shuts itself down due to the overheating, and if you don't have a backup hard drive, you will lose lots of work very fast.  The processor can't even handle Microsoft Word.After all this, the Sony technical help is the worst I've encountered.  The service is slow; the techies don't know anything about the machine.  "I don't know why's or how's, I can only give you options".  My options were to send it back, and get it fixed, or eat the cost and buy a new laptop.After the "fix" it still overheats, the fan is still loud, the cpu is always cranking something and it turns every application into a memory hog.  If you use this laptop for anything from word processing to internet gamming, it will fail.  But hey! It's not too heavy; maybe you can use it in the long toss...
This is one of the worst purchases I've ever made. 3 months after buying the machine, I'm also running into an overheating problem. I've sprayed out the fan with a dust blower, but the laptop is shutting down after 2 hours of use and won't reboot until it's completely cooled off.Customer support was blocked by a combination of bad instructions and a voice recognition system telling me that I was out of warranty. Trying to get a human was mostly useless until 3 days later, I accidentally stumbled on a way to get a human. (Keep telling the voice recognition system that the serial number is wrong and you will get a human.)Now they want my laptop for 7-10 business days and based on other reviews it seems the likelihood that it will be truly fixed is slim.Sony tech support denies any knowledge of an overheating problem. Please don't buy Sony until these problems are resolved.
I bought a Sony VAIO PCG-GRZ630 at 2003. I was very happy with this machine until about a year later when it shutdown after running for 30 minutes because overheating. After finding out Sony's support/service were not helpful at all, I tuned to the Internet. After searching the web I found that not only this model, many other models of Sony VAIO laptops have the overheating problem. It actually is a hardware problem. The complaining is from all over the world, but Sony did nothing about it.I had believed SONY brand. Now, SONY is officially in my "un-trusted brand" list.
I also had the bad overheating problems, happened under warranty, and after prodding with the dealer (pretty sympathetic), returned it to Sony. It did not resolve the problem, but at least it didn't cost a lot to do it.The reason I am writing this isn't to warn you not to buy this computer (or any Sony) under any circumstances. You already should have figured this out.I tried to upgrade memory to see if this can help the overheating problem. It didn't. What I did find out is that apparently the memory sockets are so cheap that I can only use one of them. If I use the other, I get frequent crashes, due, I suppose, to shorting of memory pins.Seems like a bad design all the way around, and if it happened in my company, the decision maker would be out the door. With Sony, he probably got promoted.So..... I am big on Corporate Philosophy. If a corporation designs good products and stands behind them, then I'd buy their products. If they act like Sony does, I'll never buy another one.Join me.
Worst laptop ever made. Paid high dollar, over heats and shuts downs in 20 minutes flats. Works well as a heat pad. Sent item to Sony, they said I needed a mother board...for over heating??. Worst customer service in the industry. NO MORE SONY PRODUCTS for me.
same problems like the other buyers that review here. Near the warranty expiration date I realized that sony have given me the turn around to delay my claim.It turns off and it is a deffecive battery that was recalled. after the delay they said they could not replace it.It turnes off and realize it was an addtional problem: the fan goes out after a year. It heats up in about 10 to 15minutes.The support is via electronic system and then after one hour of trying with emails to the manufacturer was tolt to send it to service to San Francisco paying the cost and paying for the parts and repair and no warranty they will fix it permanently.They took about two weeks to answer my emails.
Do not buy this laptop, unless1) it is always snowing in your house,2) you like to send it in every 3 months for service,3)Sony is paying you to use it,4) You need it for decoration,5) You have no idea what a computer and since your TV is sony you thought it might look nice having the same brand on everyting.I bought this laptop and it stared overheating and shutting down within 3 months, I finally returned it to the U.S. but Sears changed they're policy and even though I had a 2 year estended warranty, they made me send it to Sony who replaced the motherboard CPU and heatsink, (Costs over $600, glad I had the extended plan) but they never fixed or replaced the DVD/CD-RW drive, so it still scratches disks and doesn't always work.Now after having it back for 2 months it just overheated and shut off in the middle of a video. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNeedless to say I'll be returning it again.WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T DON'T DONT'T BUY A SONY LAPTOP.
Dont buy a Sony. This is the worst notebook i have ever owned. Overheats!!! It is a major problem. I spent months in a runaround with tech support. It should never have been sold on the market. Pay a bit more and get and IBM, thinkpad. They are the best notebook madefor years. Buy a SONY at your risk. They should have stuck to televisions.
I will never buy a Sony Vaio again.  In writing this review, I was required to choose a star on a scale of 1-5 stars.  Let it be known that I chose one because it was the lowest rating available.  In reality, I choose ZERO! Overheating, random shutdowns, slow processing despite the processor speed are the main reasons for advising anyone interested in Sony to stay away.  Any negative comments concerning this computer that attend to similar problems as mentioned here are 100% true.  In fact, any positive comments offered up, could only have been submitted early on by new owners of this lemon of computers.  Tech support was poor, they wanted me to send the computer back, pay import taxes, if charged (incidentally, Sony Japan, where I am, wouldn't honor the warranty even though the computer was less than a year old).  Also the DVD burner(Toshiba - think before you buy one of these, as well) gave out just before it was a year old.  Recently, I bought my children an HP with an AMD Sempron and DVD burner.  It has outperformed the Sony hands down.
Performance wears out after a yr, heats up and takes far to long to run programs
I thought I was buying a top of the line laptop, I love the large display, but that's the last positive thing I have to say about my PCG-GRZ660.Just over a year of owning it I started experiencing random shutdowns. Now at 1 1/2 years it shuts down constantly. The problem - OVERHEATING. Apparently it's a well known problem, and I can't get any support from Sony. Lookup "Sony VAIO shutdown" online and see all the folks that are experiencing overheating problems.I'm very disappointed with this laptop and would not recommend a Sony laptop to anyone.I think I will go back to ACER laptops, they have worked flawlessly in the past.
I got the same problem here,After 1 1/2 years, the machine runs slow, perhaps due to heat issue. It is probably the cause of killing half of my RAM.This line of product from Sony is not recommended.
We also have experienced the overheat/shutdown problem.  It was sent to Sony under warranty and returned with the same problem.  To use this laptop you need to prop the back of the unit up on a book or something to allow air under it.
The most iritating thing is that you have to press two buttons to do PgUp, PgDn, Home and End.After 20 minutes mouse starts clicking on its own.After a month CD slowed down to 4x. It couldn't recognise lot of CDs and DVDs.Repair disk were damaged.Warrenty is 90 days unless  you give Sony lot of personal info.It took Sony's service 43 days to fix the unit.Do not buy Sony laptop.
I bought this computer and within 6 months the motherboard needed replacing - it has now been in the shop for two months waiting on Toshiba to ship the replacement motherboard ($700 for the part and $200 for the service).  Each week, the date of arrival of the motherboard changes and I have since bought another computer as I have no idea when (if ever!) Toshiba will supply the part.  Considering the cost of the computer, I am irate that the repair is both so costly and so time-consuming.  I will never buy a Toshiba product again, and suggest you pass on this problematic machine.
It's the second toshiba I own, and I will now try to avoid the brand.After-sales and warranty services are a mess, even more so when you are in France. Had to send my other Toshiba 5 times to service centre because of the mistakes they made the first time.Quality-wise, you will always have the colour that wears off, or plastic pieces that fall (from USB).Am looking to buy a third laptop, but not a Toshiba.
I bought this machine about2 months ago. Very powerful - I can run multiple webservers, SQL server 2000, Photoshop 7, Dreamweaver MX and Outlook Express all at once, with no degradation in quality. Most issues were related to Microsoft XP Home - once I upgraded to Pro, I have less problems. Built in wireless keyboard, mouse, and WiFi are great - the only problem is with the keyboard - while typing the curser has the habit of bouncing to random parts of the screen, making the writing of documents a major pain in the [rear]. If the curser is not in the text area this happens less often. Another consideration is the size and weight - its 10lbs - which isnt an issue for me, but if you are slight, or carry alot to work - consider something else. Also it is near to impossible - truly impossible to find a case for it! I search everywhere and looked at over 40 different cases and finally had to settle on a peice of carry-on luggage for it. On the up-side - the only lcd screen bigger is the new MAC 17" - I think this though is the largest PC screen available.
I bought this system at best buy at mid May of 2003. This system comes with a Windows XP Home edition CD. However, if you need system recovery CD, you would have to create one on your own.From my point of view, the good of this system is:- Nice case design. Seriously, it matters- Intel 845 graphics card provides acceptable quality for the price you pay.- Able to burn DVD- When burning CD, the DVD burnner is faster than some of its peer. Yet still no compare to the high-speed CD burnners in the market nowadays.However, I have some complains- No recovery CD comes in with the package.- Got weird software problem that doesn't happen elsewhere. See below- After installed Windows XP Pro, Hardware manager detects unknown USB controler, this is not supposed to happen at all.- Found difficulties installing some USB devices- Burn DVD takes forever- Crappy mouseThe weird software problem that bugged me is: I couldn't install Visual Studio.NET on this system no matter how hard I tried. It always fail to load setupdb.dll and this problem never happens elsewhere. I'm not sure if this problem only happens to me or applies to everybody.In conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this system unless he or she is really a Sony fan. Yes it look great indeed, but the overall performance is moderate, if not poor. If looking cool is not the most important thing to you, I'd suggest to keep shopping around.
Like others, I purchased the MM10 as a tech toy.  Little did I know what a hassle owning it would be.  Didn't have it two weeks before the hard drive crashed and they sent me a new unit.  This was handled very quickly and with great support.  The second MM10 lasted a little over a month when it displayed &quot;no operating system found&quot;.  The third unit didn't last a month when the hard drive crashed.  They are telling me I installed a &quot;hard drvie password&quot; through the BIOS and that I need a new hard drive and new software costing $440!!!!  I never set any password and the support people are unwilling to even send the unit back without charging me $70.  Still in the middle of trying to get my money back for this junk.  Be warned!
I had my pc mm10 for over a year and did not have an extended warranty. As if on que, the HD did not work anymore and had to send it back for repair. They quoted $120 labor and $386.50 for HD and the part was out of stock. With over $500 charge, you can buy another modest notebook. I asked them to give me an estimate for replacing HD before I sent it, but they insisted to send it first for inspection. Had I known it, I would not have sent it back. Now they are holding on to my notebook. Over 3 weeks since I told them to return my notebook without their "service," they did not send it back. I wonder if they wanted to sell my notebook to somebody else if I forgot about it? After talking over phone twice, I finally sent an e-mail as an evidence of my request to return it. You trust these people at your own risk! Somebody at the management of this organization seems to have a very distorted way of business.
I have a MM10. Technical support is the worst I have encountered for any product. The people are horribly rude. My Hard drive crashed and the CD's supplied by sharp do not work. I checked with a few experts in the field and was told their is no cooling mechanism for the hard drive and it will crash because it overheats. Unless SHARP changes its attitude and offers better and reliable customer service, buying their products is only unnecessary anguish
The MM10 sure is sweet, but the support is as bad as I've seen.  I'll never by a Sharp product after dealing with RUDE customer support and sales.  After 3 conversations and all I spoke with were aloof and un-caring, the morale must be very low at this company.
Had a wired Linksys, replaced it with this Belkin wireless router. All my PCs were still wired to the router (wireless was for a coming Xmas present). Afterwards, could not view Netflix streaming movies without losing the stream 2-5 times per movie (previously was very rare to ~ever~ have a lost stream interruption), and could not play World of Warcraft for more than 5 mins at a time before getting disconnected (previously played for hours at a time without mishap). Happened on all my PCs (XP and Vista, desktop and laptop), either direct to the router or through a switch. Put the Linksys back and everything was fine. I cannot recommend this brand of router.
Hopefully, the time has long since past that this product is available on the shelf. If someone offers it to you used... run! Even for free this product is far more trouble than it's worth. I've had virtually all of the problems described in other reviews. Its range is poor. It drops connection regularly, particularly during heavy downloads. And since the cable modem runs through the router, a disturbance on the wireless network frequently results in loss of internet connection on my main desktop (which is connected by Ethernet). It seems to especially dislike Macs.Perhaps some have found that magic set of settings that leads to trouble-free use, but I suspect they have minimal wireless traffic to begin with.
There's simply no getting around the fact that this router is terrible.  I've been up for about three hours today, and had to restart the modem four times.  Opt for another router.
This router worked fairly well for a couple of years and then suddenly stopped working properly, selectively failing to load certain websites. Every possible setting was tried, with the help of Belkin technical support, to no avail.What was most disheartening was the unhelpfulness of Belkin technical support. I must have spent literally hours on the phone with those people, to no avail. Each tech support agent read from the same script, and had no access to notes indicating my previous phone calls. None showed genuine interest in resolving the problem, even though they'd begin each call with the same cheerful scripted comment, "I can help you with that!" No they couldn't, as the problem was a hardware issue, which they are scripted to always deny.They were so unhelpful that I couldn't even get one of them to change my security key! One actually claimed it wasn't possible.Total junk, peddled by manufacturer that does not stand by its product.
It was suppose to be a new never been open with instructions berkin router and it was not, nor did it have the instructions with it. I do not know how to use the router at all. I am very disappointed.
To start this off, this thing sucks. I bought it about a year and a half ago and dont know why I haven't gotten rid of it. It has a milion dead spots; looses connection all the time; has a TON of connection problems; and is quite expensive! Overall this product is about the worst thing you could buy. PERIOD!
Please do not buy this router! It is terrible. I had this router for about 2 years and have dealt with about 2 dropped connections per day over that time period. I tried all of the suggestions available to avoid the dropped connections with no success. I just purchased a "Buffalo Wireless N Router" and have not had a dropped signal yet (1 week of use so far). If you decide to buy this Belkin router, be prepared to power cycle the router on a regular basis.  Not fun.
Recieved this camera, connected it and took three photos as a web cam before it quit working.It registered no connection.  All was checked, including me downloading new drivers.It was to no avail.  This refurbished camera is junk.
This protector doesn't not adhere to your keyboard. And the manufacturer recommends that it be removed before you close your 'Book. Neither of these things are mentioned in any of the manufacturer's product descriptions. It doesn't fit the keyboard of my iBook quite well enough to be form-fitting.It has little lumps and bumps around the function keys--tho this is EXACTLY the machine this particular skin is designed for. I think the level of protection it offers against a spill big enought to cause any harm is dubious; it seems that liquid could easily just flow under the thing.
Don't get this model. I used to think that IBM is the most reliable notebook manufacture. When I bought this one, I felt a ticking in the plastic under my right hand, and I couldn't get my laptop replaced, and I was told that it will be fixed by pending some plastic. Now and after only two months I got a fixed horizontal white line on the LCD display. And I'm waiting for their response.
I ordered the first splitte cable through my amazon prime and it was deliviered monday afternoon. After attempting to plug both my friends and my laptop's ethernet cables into it, we realized only the left port was supplying the internet line. Frustrated and bummed, I ordered a replacement through aamazon, sure it was simply just a one in a million one that was built incorrectly.I was wrong, Replacement came today, EXACT SAME ISSUE. I will be emailing the company directly as well as amazon support to arrange a refund--now that I have to send BOTH back to amazon.What a hassle and waste of time. Extremely dissatisfied.
Only one port works. For the port that is working, speed is not noticeable decreased.Wouldn't buy again. I would look elsewhere.
This does not work for splitting an ethernet connection (it only has wires suficient for a phone splitter connection). Appears to need a 10/100 Switch to split the connection.
I bought this for my college dorm because there is only one ethernet port that is accessible to me and my roommate. we plugged it in and tried it, but it only allowed for one of us to be connected to the ethernet at a time. Unbeknownst to me, I ordered the wrong product and wasted my money.
only side works, its a splitter cable what happen, this is not what i wanted. i'm not happy with this item. i'm trying think what to do?
I fully understand the limitations and the application of this device but it failed to even function as it was described. I hook two ethernet cords up but only have one &#34;on&#34; at a time and it still does not allow access.
It did not work with my application, therefore I returned the product as soon as i noticed it.Otherwise it would be a good product
The splitter had a port that was not working, therefore the device was useless. I do not recommend this product, better off spending a little more money on a better quality product.
I ordered this cable because the other review said that both lines worked, just one at a time.  This was the exact usage I had in mind.  However, the other review was wrong, only one side of the splitter actually works, the other is always dead.  It's basically a 9" ethernet cable.  What a useless cable.
only 1 side works at a time, so if only 1 side works kinda defeats the purpose of why i bought it
Product arrived completely undamaged and did not work at all. The splitter part was the defective piece, only one side of the split would actually produce an ethernet signal
This is not a RJ45 Splitter that is it is, but not what most people think it is. This one makes one to hook up two computers hence 2 to 1I wanted 1 to 2 to split one network line to two computers. So don't be fooled or misunderstand like did.
bought this one and 2 more , none of them worked but on one side, worthless so I bought an ethernet sitch , cheaper than what i pay for this splitter, Greywolfescp.s. Amazon made it right, good people, good company
I became something else as I payed for.The item is called "Canon Tripod Mount Ring A(W)" in amazon, but acctually the name written on the ring is "for Canon Tripod Mount Ring A(W)"  it also does not look like the ring on photo. I knew that original canon ring costs more money, but I thought it is a rabate or old model. But I became a fake. I'm not angry that I have a fake,because it was really cheap, but I'm angry that amazon sold me a fake as original.
This is not a budget conscious machine - HP evidently decided to make up on the price by loading this machine with so much annoying proprietary garbage that the computer constantly is lighting up with my network connection trying to send information about me to HP or someone else who paid for space on my desktop.  Given the technical characteristics of the machine, I expected it to be a reasonably fast machine for what my child needs it for - basic web surfing, email, etc. We have several much older machines on our home network, including two with less than half the memory and processor speed, but they are strangely much faster than this nice looking but poorly performing piece of... anyway, I would strongly recommend spending an extra one or two hundred to get a real machine, probably from a real manufacturer.  Of the big ticket ($500 or more) items I've bought from HP in the past two years, they're 0 for 3.  I don't think there will be a number 4.
I purchased my pavilion in early July and immediately began having installation problems either it would allow complete installation of games but fail to play them or it would simply not allow any installation at all.I've spent several hours speaking with HP support to no avail finally I was told to send the machine in for repairs which took 3 weeks, when I finally got it back it still did not work.HP is now asking for the machine back in order to take another crack at fixing it but refuse to tell me what plan of action they are willing to take if they can not fix it.Despite the fact that HP has a record of this problem dating back to the time of purchase they are telling me the can not simply replace the computer.;I find this unacceptable
Ok, to put it easy.No matter how many intents to make this thing work as a normal regular card I have tryed all have failed.Download updated drivers, updated bios, unistall drivers, reinstall them again, reinstall windows, anything have achieve to make this poor quality card work.The site was horrible by the time I bought the card, know is a little bit better but none driver will make this card work ever.I have windows XP pro, and the only way I have find to make this card work "a little bit acceptable" is opening the client software that comes with it and then opening an optional windows.Only doing that the card will work...if that windows is not open it will sent/receive some bits and bytes from time to time.the only thing this card guarantee is that you will loose your money.Carlos Acosta
Buy Netgear instead.  After hours of attempting to optimize this routers settings, channels, etc., and even after buying an amplified/enhanced antenna for it, I could only get decent reception in the same room that I originally placed it in!  I would give it a zero star rating instead of a one star rating if that option was available.  By the way, you won't get 108Mbps data transfer in any room, the manual lists the device's max data throughput as 54Mbps..., unless used with &#34;other&#34; D Link products... (which are not specifically enumerated). Did I mention, not to buy this item?
I bought this computer 4 years ago ,and have nothing but big frustrations,for 4 years.Parameters like 160gb hardrive,whigh runns after 3 months of use so loud like an airplane(you hear it 2 rooms away).... 512mb memmory,made by samsung,I needed to change after 2 years is nothing so far,the story goes on.... The AMD-Athlon runns allways hot and restarts the comp. in middle of my work.Running temperature of this processor is 41 celsius,eaven after installing better cooling van.I have 3000rpm,and still not enough!I needed to install 400W powersupply rightaway.System is crashing atleast 3 times in a month.Black screen with error message.Can you people emagine to have this for 4 years??!!Do you know how much harm this product has done to me...my time and not to mention emotional frustrations !Only because I did not have enough money to buy something better ,now I am paying the price !After 4 years I have saved up money and will buy new comp.But never ever emachines .Never ever AMD processor aswellThis computer is freasing also by watching DVD .Allaround :ONE BIG EXPERIENCE .PS: I have to rate this T2865,there is no 0 so i have to give it a 1.But that's eaven to much for this comp.I say 0I AM SPEAKING ONLY FROM MY OWN LONG EXPERIENCE WITH THIS MACHINE !DO NOT CARE ABOUT OTHER COMMENTS !
This router overheats everyday and twice on Saturday. Requires constant reseting. If you want a router that you have to mess with every time you want to get on the internet buy this one. If you want a router that WORKS I suggest you keep looking and buy a different one.
IT WAS NOT A USB DISK DRIVE AND DO NOT FUNCTION WHITH MY ASER COMPUTER.I HAD NO USE FOR IT.
A month ago I bought two hp compaq nc 6000. A week after one started showing random problems with the display at sartup. It was sent for repair and returned with no repair done as the problem did not came out during the eight days it was in repair.Nex week I will return the machine for repair again but latelly I have been readin a lot about how bad HP service has become.My advise would be to stay away from HP products.
I have gone through 5 of these in the last 2 years. My work provides them to me. Every single one has had problems with the mouse touchpad. It will randomly jump all over when you lift your finger. Sometimes will not happen for a couple weeks but sometimes happens several times in a day and you need to reset touchpad in control panel to get it to work again. They have all run poorly but that could be a Windows / software issue. Overall they have all been plagued with problems and I would never buy one for myself. In contrast my Mac laptop works fine all the time. Stay away from the nc6000 as HP support could not resolve my touchpad issues and support from HP is not very good to begin with.
Too bad there's no zero star rating.I'm on my second replacement machine.  The screen on the original machine developed a wide white stripe down the middle.  (Probably caused by the lid latch snapping shut.)The 1st replacement worked for a couple of months.  Then it started to develop a problem where the entire screen would get brighter and brighter, and then go black.  The plastic frame around the screen started to crack.The 2nd replacement has been OK for a couple of months.  These problems are not from abuse.I've always treated the machine with kid gloves: gently placing it down, slowly closing the lid, always used the padded case, etc.  I never left it in my car over night.
I have a fairly old version of this switch, H/W Ver D3. It took me over a year, and first replacing a ton of other hardware, to discover that THIS 'efficient' device was efficiently causing network problems. All devices connected through it would often have connections die for about 3 seconds, maybe once every minute or so. As soon as I swapped in a different (very expensive) switch of mine, everything squared away immediately.I suspect the "green" logic in there was too focused on saving power and not prioritizing performance/stability. Now, my DGS-1005D is quite old, probably about 4 or 5 years old at this point, I've used it for a loooong time and I don't think I had this problem all along, it could a failure mode and maybe doesn't even apply to the latest revisions. Who knows.I'll avoid "green" devices in the future, as I'm not willing to risk subtle, but possibility significant network issues over saving a little money on my power bill. As for me, saving ~5W or whatever is nearly meaningless, especially compared with 1000W+ devices everywhere; space heaters, microwaves, hair dryers, clothing dryers, etc.. A few watts is NOTHING.
I purchased this memory stick and it was flaky from thebeginning, finally crashed after a year.  My ToshibaNotebook(Purchased @ BestBuy) had the K-Btye memoryinstalled as an upgrade. It wouldn't bootup on a regular basis.Sometimes it would and Sometimes it wouldn't...The Geeks could not figure it out.  After thememory crashed, I now know the answer for what was wrong with my poor burping Notebook. I have read questions in several Tech Forums about Laptops hanging up and not booting regularly, wonder if they are using K-Byte Memory?  Good Luck!!
This is a big waste of money.  let me elaborate...Turns out (know now) that USB based tv tuners are usually a bad idea especially if you expect a lot from them (high resolution, pvr, etc).  This is due to bandwidth limitations (yes even with usb 2).This box when used via the USB port has audio that just has a very high pitched whine on top of it.  When you are running via usb, the audio is sent over the usb cable along with the video and there is no way to turn it off.  hooking up a jumper from the line out on the box itself to the line in on the computer does nothing because there is no signal on the lineout jack of the combotv box when you are plugged into usb.So it is useless for recording because of the annoying whine.  It is also annoying to watch tv with the whine.The provided tv viewing/recording software is horrible.  my other experience is with MSI's tv tuner software and I like it MUCH better.The product has disappeared off the website.  There are no driver updates (which could fix this product) or software updates (which could fix the user experience end of things).This works perfectly fine when NOT used via usb.  If you hook it direct to a monitor and speakers (via line out) and DO NOT hook up the USB.  Video and audio is great.Of course this way you cannot record or use your computer at the same time because your monitor is tied up.  So in the end it is only useful as a standalone tv tuner which means there were a lot of cheaper products I could have bought that would have done the same thing.If you email kworld tech support they claim that your product is broken (even though these problems described are well known) and suggest trying to get a refund from the retailer...good luck.If you want a good tv tuner for recording tv shows, watching tv, and ripping old video tapes to dvd...get a good quality pci card.  [...]
I regret buying this thing, but did not do my research, as I should have. I based part of my decision on Newegg's reviews, which I will never do again. I think Newegg has great service, but their "reviews" are stacked and Newegg will not post negative reviews.This Kworld USB 2.0 Combo TV Box TV Tuner has a 1 second lag between the video and sound. If you like watching 1970's Kung Fu movies, you will love it. I don't.The manual is a joke. The product is not listed on their website. There is no technical support. Did I mention I regret buying this thing?
Software has been a headache.  Every single time I start-up the software it has to go through the whole thing of reacquiring my cell phone make and model.  EVERY time.  (last software kit for prior phone automatically recognized the phone.  this software doesn't even store what phone it's being used with)Aside from hook-up issues, the applications are simply rudimentary.  You won't be wow'd.  You won't wonder 'How did I get by without that?'.  You won't run and tell your friends.If I hadn't bought this is a desperation Christmas-time sale for 60% off I'd be very ticked.  But for about $12 I suppose I can try to deal with it....
The QD-2 is a throw away item. Mine did not last very long and the companies support isnt much better.
This evga card went bad (no display) only 3 days after installation. spend $5 to ship back to vendor and extra $11.50 mail handling fee for replaced card.
First off, if you have any ATI RADION 128 MB vidio card where you spent more than $100 for, and someone talks to you about buying this suppose nVIDIO FX5500 with 256 MB for $59.00. "The saying that you get what you pay for comes to mind". Games like Linearge II and World of Warcraft will have trouble with this card, because its not a true nVIDO card. The card is made by MSI, the CD with the drivers on it, is made by MSI with no markings of nVIDIA on it. Yes the box that this video card comes in, has the nVIDIA Logo on it. I found that games like City of Hero's, World of Warcraft, and Lineage II, that at least once a week, their servers is brought down for upgrades, that the generic companies like MSI who mades this geberic nVIDIA card, can not keep its drivers up to date with the continue changes these masive online games are making weeky. Even the big manufaturest of video cards, (ATI & nVIDIA), at time have difficuilty in keeping up with the chances these games are always making. At first when I have the co-host of National Radio talk show on computers, (I know the name, but felt he may not like my comments, so I left the name out), do many upgrades to my computer, and was to install a nVidia  256 MB video card, (if he had told me he used not compaibles Window componits in the computers he build, I would put a stop to that)which included installing this nVIDIA card for me, the card and resulotions were amazing, breathtaking at first...But as the weeks past by and the game made its changes and Windows made its updates, I was unable to locate a site that had drivers for this video card, that were reconized as compaitable with Window, because all the MSI drivers resulted in the game freezing up, and I had to do a soft boot to exit. All of the MSI drivers on the CD and at the MSI site, said that those drivers are NOT listed as being compatible with Window. When I contacted the person who installed my vidio card, he said those drivers should works just fine. when I said they work just fine, unless I am gaming, his come back was he knows nothing about gaming! He said I should contact Windows for support in this matter, that it was thier probem. NO THE PROBLEM what this cards and its the drivers made for it are not window compibles, and anyone who talks you into using a non-Window compatible product when you are going to be playing massive online games, is setting you up for many headaches too come.When I went to the nVIDIA website and downloaded their drivers for the FX5500, I could only play the games on a low resilotion setting of 800 x 600. Windows customer service said since MSI made the card, that I should stick with their drivers to get the best performance of the card.If you buy a video card, stick to either true ATI or nVIDIA cards that will have the drivers that are compatible with the game.THIS CARD IS JUNK!
This card was very good, about 4 years ago. If you don't know much about computers, and you're looking to get a friend a gift, or trying to buy a cheap video card, listen to this. There is no such thing as a good cheap video card. The hardware demands for modern games are so high, they require constant upgrading of hardware. So, if you're looking to keep up with PC games, you're waisting your money unless you invest in the best video card you can (can get pricey though, $500+). It is well worth the investment. Don't let this card fool you, sure it has 256 MB memory, but that's just bait. This card is slower than my old ATI All-In-Wonder 9000 (which only has 64 MB of memory).
While doing some research before i bought this, I read that it was compatible with AGP and PCI slots. When it came today I triedt oput it in one of the three PCI slots on my computer and it won't fit. So now I have a useless $75 video card.
I had a NVidia graphics card that came with my computer. After a period of 2...3 years, I developed a problem that made gray streaks appear on my screen. After replacing the monitor, changing drivers, I realized that it was a graphic card problem. Since then, I've found that many people (one example: [...]) have had this problem with NVidia cards.
Despite a statement on the package, I could not install for Win98SE just like other reviewers.  The card looks identical to one marketed by DYNEX which does not work either.  Neiter manufacturer provides any support
They failed to mention that the installation will only work off a PC. Good luck my fellow Mac owners.... Oh not to mention that you must be running a PC older then Vista to install! I just wanted a straight up adaptor that would search for networks and let me configure.... Not possible!If you own a Mac don't buy!If you own a PC running Vista don't buy!
This is the most useless investment i've ever made. If your going to get the wireless gaming adapter just spend the extra money and get the microsoft version because when your in the heat of battle about to kill someone on call of duty or about to win a race on midnight club just about the most frustrating thing in the world to see is CONNECTION INTERUPTED! Anyway if i was you i would spend my money elsewhere.
I had just purchased a special order HP Pavilion Elite with WIN 7 directly from HP.  I ordered it with just an Ethernet connection for the internet. After the computer was ordered, we decided to rearrange the upstairs.  Now the Elite's tower was about 25 feet away from the WIFI modem and I did not want to run a cable. I wanted a neat and internal mounted adapter, so, I ordered the Linksys WMP54GS adapter.  It did not fit because the new Elite has PCI-Express X 1 slots. In reading reviews for wireless connection for WIN 7, it sounds like an awful lot of people are having problems.  I reordered a Linksys WUSB600N.  I installed the USB adapter without using the CD that came with the adapter (THIS WAS ADVISE FROM ANOTHER REVIEWER) and it was installed by WIN 7 in less than 2 minutes and I was up and running. I returned the WMP54GS to Deal Barn and got a refund without any problems.
This is for the TABLE TOPS ONLY!!!!!!  If you want the legs you have to place a seperate order with DTOP for $350.00 more.
I ordered one of these and received it a couple of days later.  The packaging wasn't very impressive and the unit looked like it had been opened, returned, and resold to me.I pulled it out of the box and the first thing I noticed was that the unit itself and its "case" seemed to be made of very flimsy plastic.I plugged the thing it and blah!  I was able to type two characters before it died.  So, I called the company, got an RMA number and shipped it back to them.A week later, I got my new unit.  Same unprofessional packaging, and this time the "case" was missing.  While that was irritating, I figured I could call and get a new case.  Unfortunately, this new unit, while I could indeed type with it, had uneven pressures on all of the keys, the case still seemed really flimsy, and the USB plug fell like it was about to fall apart every time I plugged or unplugged it from the computer.I decided to return the item and get my money back.  I called and talked to the CEO, who seemed a nice enough woman.  She told me to sent it back and FAX her the courier's receipt as I had done before and she would refund my money.I sent it back.  Faxed the receipts as requested and waited.  No refund.  Called several times.  No refund.  Finally, after two or three months, I got ahold of the CEO lady again (whatever her name is) and asked about my refund.  She claimed that they had never received either of the units I had sent back and that they couldn't refund my money.After calling the courier and tracking down the packages and getting information on who had signed for the packages (one of the signatures belonged to the CEO), I called her back and faxed her this new information.  Finally, after a brief argument in which she said, "Well, we don't have them so I can't give you a refund" and I said, "I have proof that you received them.  What you did with them after that is none of my concern", she finally relented and gave me my money back.I thought the construction of these units was very poor and the customer service was worse.  I would steer clear of this company if I were you.
I don't understand the last reveiw, because it clearly states in product details that this notebook weighs under 2 pounds.
Puchased one of these for my Apple laptop and it does not fit! The directions say to "massage gently into each key" but this does not help it fit any better. The material is flimsy and slightly sticky, and even barely touching it with your wrist or fingers will cause it to lift or shift around. The overlap of this protector is too wide, and will heat up very quickly on most laptops. It will also fall off when you fold up or carry the laptop. It also sticks to the monitor. Save your money, the quality of this is no different than the generic ones available at most computer stores.
My experience with Dell has been unsatisfactory in every way. I purchased this product a year ago; it was delivered with a faulty switch--a problem endemic to Dell computers.I returned the machine and exchanged it for a new one only to find that the second machine was also defective--besides for being a retrofitted device, not a new computer.Each time I called customer service, it took upwards of an hour, sometimes two. I would have to wait more than 45 minutes for a representative, before (usually) being switched to another department, and often, yet another.In the end, I returned the machine within the 15 day period allowed. But I lost hours and hours of my valuable time. I have determined never again to buy a Dell PC.
I purchased this computer on August 5th and it came in on August 11th.  It did not work.  I contacted Dell and they told me I needed more memory, even though this computer should have had enough memory.  They refused to send it to me and I was forced to purchase more memory on my own.  The computer still did not work correctly  I was hit by Hurricane Charley and was without power for a week, followed in six weeks' time by Hurricanes Frances, Ivan and Jeanne.  These hurricanes left me without power and internet connection for a total of almost four weeks.  When I finally got to the point where I could deal with this computer again, I contacted Dell to return it.  They refused to allow me to return it because I hadn't returned it within their 15-day time period.  I explained what happened with the hurricanes and they still refused to grant an exception.  I am now stuck with a computer that does not work.  Please do not purchase a Dell computer.  You will have nothing but headaches.
I didn't realize until after purchase and attempt to connect to my compute that it is not compatible with Windows 7 and there are no downloads available to make it compatible.  Basically I paid someone $100 to ship me a hunk of junk.
I ordered this card twice and was sent a 400 firewire card both times. TigerDirect refuses to honor its posted price. I advise you to avoid doing business with this disreputable company.
I purchased this card for the purpose of passing through Dolby Digital from my Home Theater PC to my external Sony amplifier.  I could never get anything but 2 channel stereo to work.  I spent weeks trying different decoders and software to no avail.  This card is an OEM product.  Although not stated, there is no warranty and it is not supported by Turtle Beach.  You are on your own using it.  I eventually learned the card by design DOES NOT pass through Dolby Digital as advertised but instead down converts it to 2 channel PCM.I replaced the card with a different brand and it worked immediately without any effort other than selecting S/PDIF output.
I've had around 10 computers, and this is the worst by far.  Out of the box, networking didn't work until Customer Support applied some weird BIOS patch.  The video card's gone out... TWICE.  HP's customer support application got into such a broken state that it can't even be uninstalled.  The eject button sticks -- I have to press *really* hard, in exactly the right spot.  I really, really wish I had gotten something, anything else.
Joe is absolutely right. Out of the box it is love at first sight, but the honeymoon didn't last long. The fatal flaw seems to be the intense heat generated by the dual tuners and the fact being a computer, TV, radio, ITunes player and Tivo all in one the z545 is naturally "on" all day and it doesn't do well when it gets overheated. I have my machine in a rack type environment in my home theater and even after I made allowances for space above, below and on the sides and kept the cabinet door open it still got so hot DVD's would skip and today the damn thing shut down and would not come back after after 8 hours of cooling down.  Tried to get help from HP but the tech knew nothing about the product and told me to Fed-Ex it back to them for evaluation and "repair" but after 9 days and many problems I lost faith and decided to return it to the retailer while I still had the option.  I reall hope they get this right, but $1,999.00 is a lot to pay to be a beta tester.  Maybe the z540 which has only one tuner is less vulnerable, but I don't know if I feel like taking another chance.  Too bad, because like Joe said, I (and my kids) fell in love with it and wished it had worked out. Maybe next year....
This machine touts many features and looks great.  That is all that is good that can be said.  I spent $1899 on this machine in November expecting it could operate as a music server, play DVDs and record TV programs.  Since that time, I have had it working only for a couple of weeks.  The rest of the time it has been at HP getting fixed.  Even with sending the machine to HP and having a technician come to my home, the machine still does not work right.  The DVD does not work, it does not support HDTV, HP Tunes is buggy software with iTunes and causes the computer to crash, the front display panel only works half the time.If you are looking to buy this machine, my one piece of advice is "DON'T".  It is a piece of JUNK!
PRO)1) The card installed fine and the software was easy to use.CONS)1) Price-in light of the fact that for a little more money, you can get good quality.2) Quality-Just touching the box or speaker cables made the speakers pop.3) Quality, worse-Sound during movies would start off fine but after 20 or 30 minutes, the sound would begin to pop and crackle and get more and more distorted. The only way to fix this is did- and re-connecting the USB connection...repeatedly throughout the movie.OVERALLFound this in a store for $40. Thought it was a great deal for upgrading my laptop's sound and get some surround-sound out of my 4.1 speaker system. I didn't want to spend the $80-$100 on the Audigy PCMCIA card. I couldn't find any reviews of this product online before buying it, so I hope to do everyone a favor. Don't buy this product; it has terrible quality. The only good-quality USB 5.1 sound card for under $50 I've read about online AND EXPERIENCED is under my other reviews.
Im 75 and let me tell you about this productpros-- was new in a box and arrived very quickly in good conditioncons--This computer case is at least 10 years old and not very suited for todays computer needs, it comes not suited to todays sata needs ---the power supply is not sata power equiped.I was building a new computer so i had to get a new power supply in order to use this case so the cost was increased another 45$, a few days The Geeks offered to  return my money if i returned it.This was a no option for me as the computer was already built,I told them they could send me another power supply of 420 watts that was sata ready but I havent heard back from them.My opinion old new computer equipment shold be labeled as such,I wonder how many others have been suckered this waythe total buying experience was not a good one
I have 2 computers connected to this router, and each computer gets errors saying "network cable unplugged".  they come on at the same time.  Other times the error will say limited or no connectivity.My roomates had this router, we called the support and they said the router is probably bad.we got a new one, same model, and its having the same problems.I am not completely sure if the router, but thats all what it would seem to be, our ISP it would be the router, but Dynex does not know why.Sometimes we can surf the itnernet for horus without it disconnecting, other times it keep disconnecting for hours.
After setting up this router, it would not connect to the internet.  I, then decided to disconnect the router and try to connect directly through the modem, but I could not connect on the computer with which I had tried to set up the router, but I could with my other computer.  Since I had bought the router from an "unauthorized" dealer, Dynex would not give any tech support.  Dealer had no idea what to tell me, he was unfamiliar with Vista.  I then contacted Dell who manufactured my computer.  The tech at Dell could not resolve the problem, so he conferenced with me with my internet provider.  The two of them could not work out the problem.  Finally, I restored my computer to the settings from the day before, rebooted the computer and got my internet back.  The router is now in my trashcan.  Where it belongs, as far as I'm concerned!
I think the item is extremely complicated to install and configure - and - I have IT experience as well!After reading the instructions on the CD Rom that came with it I scrapped the entire project!
I had just bought this item and during the first four daysof use it crashed WITH, mind you, data on it. It was so badmy machine wouldn't even recognize it so I could not zero out the dataand return it!So don't buy this piece of garbage!
I try to use one of them, and it doesn't WORK.
I bought this item through amazon (Tiger Direct) - got it home, it worked fine on one hard drive, then I plugged it into a perfectly good, working 160GB maxtor drive and the drive started smoking badly from the motherboard and had to be unplugged before it caused a fire!Now my 160gb no longer even boots up!  I am so displeased with this cheaply made converter, and it ruined my hard drive!
This thing Smoked My 160GB Maxtor!The drive,with 160GB of information on it is no longer usable.Use extreme caution!!!!
I currently have the Linksys BEFW11S4 - EtherFast Wireless AP + Cable/DSL Router w/4-Port Switch connected to my PC and am using the WPC11 PCMCIA wireless card on a laptop. I have a small brick house located in the city. The router is on one side of the house on the second floor and the wireless laptop is on the other side of the house on the first floor. Point A to B is approx. 50 to 55 feet. But being on the second floor I have two walls, metal file cabinets and the floor that decrease both the signal and the strength. My signal strength varied from none to poor to good.After I installed the new 9dbi antennas I was shocked to see almost no improvement. Still at the poor to good level.I ended up buying a 12' Ethernet cable for $10 and placing my DSL modem and Linksys router in a different part of the upstairs crawlspace. Results: Very Good to 100% excellent connection.Remember that you have two signal meters. One for signal and one for actual connection or power.After doing some research I learned after the fact that the antenna's only focus is on the signal strength without actually increasing the output power and while that improves the strength of the signal, it can actually degrade coverage.For comparison, think of a garden hose with the faucet fully open. The water stream only goes so far but if you press your thumb over the end of the hose you can make the stream shoot considerably farther, but you're not actually spraying any more water are you? So the increased signal don't mean squat if you can't increase the output power.Bottom line is that it didn't work for me. Not to say that it may or may not work for you. Try to position the router in the center of your house or business. Walls, floors, file cabinets, and furniture will decrease the signal. Open the package carefully and save the receipt just in case you have to return it.
First, it wasn't complete fit with my travelmate 371.After fully charged, it only lasted for 2 hours undernormal use (my old battery can go for 4 hours at least).Finally, it stop working after 2 weeks.  No matter howI try, it won't charge anymore. Fifty dollars for 2 weeks !!
Batteries are not only rated for the product they are compatible with but also their capacity.  Some vendors do not list mAh (mili-Amp Hours) of capacity of the battery they are selling.  High capacity batteries are more expensive but if this is not advertized, you can't tell and you can't compare.EA
my garndson purchased the apple mini for himself with his won money and after three days it quit IU think buying the apple is liking bying a cade it all name and full of junk.
Old , Slow and annoying, you are better off getting the intel version rather than this old Motorola thing, I can see why Apple stopped the G4 after a short while it really is awful But the newer Intel model especially 2009 onwards is Awesome and can be upgraded to Mountain Lion or Mavericks, Personally I prefer Mountain Lion also you can upgrade the Ram to 8GB, so do not waste your money on this old dinosaur
I bought this monitor around 6 month ago. It has following drawbacks:1. the DVI interface doesn't work at all.2. the integrated speakers produce low quality sound3. It needs a adapter4. Never get the $100 mail-in rebate the manufacturer promised.
Not only does this device not work at all, but simply installing thesupplied software damaged my computer.  After uninstalling their softwarethe sound no longer works!  So I say not only is it bad, it's actuallydamaging!I'm an engineer... and I can't fix this now.
I bought this product today and spent half a day on it but I am still unable to make it works without a problem.  First the adapter won't be able to connect to my router without SSID broadcasted.  The SSID must be broadcasted so that it is appeared in the available network list from its own interface.  Otherwise, the "Connect this site" button won't be shown up for me to make a connection.  Second, it is conflicted with a lot radio frequency channels of my router.  I only get one channel working (1 out of 11) eventually.  Third, when I change the frequency channel, yes it will be automatically detected after about a minute but it will usually be crashed when it detects the channel changed; in this case, an error popup window will be shown up on the screen.  I have to reboot the system in order to clear the error within the system.  Or I could not make a connection from that onwards.  Fourth, even though I am finally able to make it to connect to my route with a particular channel and then access the Internet, the connection is unstable.  It drops the connection after some time.  Fifth, the connection is only made through the Airlink interface.  It won't work with Windows' "wireless zero configuration" interface at all.  Therefore, I will not recommend it although its price is kind of attractive.  Of course, if it works for you, it definitely bangs for the buck!  One more note, I've heard someone said that it works well if your router/access point is made from the same brand as Airlink.
I generally expect to get what I pay for...I think I paid $15 for this thing so I really wasn't expecting much from it.  Well that's exactly what I got.  Even from as little as 7 feet away, my signal strength was under 50% and sometimes would totally go away.  I wish I wouldn't have wasted that money - don't waste yours.  This is one product Airlink shouldn't have put out.
Well I would agree with the other 2 reviews by users written before me. Wish I had read those before I bought it:[ Anyways... I don;y have Vista so I can't validate the VISTA problems, but I had some of my own. The readings were not even CLOSE to being accurate, the manual that came with this to "HELP" you install the item is a JOKE at best! The one thing it doesn't lack is a shortage or wires hehehe. Gobs and Gobs of wires... I guess the ONLY thing that worked on this product as it said (as far as I could tell), were the card reader functions. Though I don't have a card of every type to test, the 3 types I did have did work properly. Essentially its alot cheaper to just go to TechRepublic's site, or Cnet, and download a FREE temperature monitoring program; if your MOBO didn't already come with one. Buy a simple fan adjusting relay panel for like $9 in a computer part store... And for the card read part, I bought a 9 in 1 card reader (external) that just plugs into a USB port for $3.99 from Microcenter. It seems that this "Type" of product in general doesn't have a very good track record. Reading NewEgg customer reviews on similar items, they consistently have major problems; from compatibility to just down right working hehehe!PLEASE: Anyone who has this product, write a review also! I think if I had seen more reviews it would've swayed me more into not buying this product to begin with !
The instruction book leaves something to be desired... it basically comes without them.The manufacturer site says it is Vista supported which is why I bought it.  I installed it and Vista installs it as an 'unknown device'.  I went to their site and all the downloads are for XP or earlier so I contacted support.  They don't even have a Vista driver.  I've never actually had a hardware company trick me into buying something when they don't even have a driver for it.  Their response was "I'm forwarding this to engineering" and then nothing else; ever.It's a pain to hook up and it doesn't work if you use Vista so I would stay away if you plan to upgrade or already have it.
I bought this 7 months ago and finally installed it. There are some good things about it and some not so good things about it.First the good:*Looks good in my system, the digital read out has a blue led light.*It brings much needed ports to the front of my case.*Installs without any need for special drivers, I don't know what the other reviewers are complaining about, I suspect they didn't hook it up correctly.*Fan controllers allow me to turn down noisy fans. Another reviewer said the controllers didn't work but they do for me.Now the bad:*The temperature sensors are little pads that do not get the temperature directly from my built-in hardware and the instructions do not say how they should be placed. They are thin but I don't believe they would fit between my CPU and heat sync, so I just placed it in the fins of the sync. The temperature it shows is 40, the temperature CPUID HWMonitor shows is 52.*Too many wires! The card reader plugs into a usb header on my mobo, so why can't the usb ports also use the same connection via a built in hub? Even the front usb ports have a separate wire for each port! And to make it worse, they aren't internal usb connectors, the implication is that you would run these wires through your pc and out to the back usb ports. I connected mine to a usb hub I placed inside my case and plugged it into a firewire/usb combo card I had that has external type connectors on the inside of my case. The usb on the front is only running as usb 1!*The audio connections are also not internal. Do they expect me to swap the cords in the back when I want to plug in a head set or mic? I used 2 sets of audio splitters to make the connections in the back. Why didn't they include internal audio cables?*The SATA connectors are not eSATA so I don't know if I'll ever use them, but SATA looks better than eSATA, in my opinion.*The supplied fan splitter cables are male to 2 female, they should have been female to 2 male so that 2 fans could be controlled by one controller.So this would have been so much better with better cables but I only paid $15 for it and works fine for me and as I said before it looks good.***Update: I only use SD cards and this won't read them so I am going to remove it from my system. If you see one of these used for sale, DON'T BUY IT!
I purchased this Vantec product and used it for a short time.  Most USB enclosures offer "heat dissipation thru the metal case", as does this one. However, I grew very concerned about how hot the Vantec became, especially after active operation.Heat is a major enemy of electrical motors. The HDD obviously just cooks inside the Vantec. There is also a definitive  difference between its temperature in stand-by mode, and during/immediately after active use.I found another USB enclosure offering active ventilation: the Apricorn EZ Bus DT, which not only has a built-in fan, but IMHO, for several critical reasons, is a better design and a smarter choice.  Here is why:The Apricorn's 3-inch diameter fan is mounted transversely, so it pulls heat directly off the entire underside of the HDD and expels thru vents on either end of the case.In comparison, the Vantec's internal chassis has a solid metal plate which covers the entire HDD circuit board (see the image I loaded above).  The Vantec has no venting, so the heat inside builds up fast. I installed a 500GB HDD in the Apricorn and ran a 220+GB backup from the Vantec. Upon completion hours later, the Apricorn's exterior was completely cool to the touch; the Vantec's exterior was REALLY HOT.A couple of other things I found superior about the Apricorn:It's heavier with a wider base, compared to the Vantec's (3" vs. 1.5"). When mounted vertically, you can nudge the Vantec (or the desk it's sitting on) and it will fall over; it happened twice in the few days I used it. There would be major motion required to tip the Apricorn, and I've never toppled it in months of use.The Apricorn's easy-action pushbutton power switch is conveniently (and sensibly) located on the front of the unit. The Vantec's is on the bottom of the rear panel (see photo above), but it's a stiff toggle-type switch and awkward to operate (it's underneath the power cord connector!). You have to hold the Vantec down with one hand firmly in order to get enough leverage to operate the balky switch... and you leave a nice handprint on the case, which then has to be cleaned. Do that a few times and the sexy "mirror finish" isn't going to look new for very long.Also, the Vantec's internal PC board HDD cable is mounted off-center on from the socket on any HDD. You have to kink the Vantec's flat cable in order to complete the connection (see photo above). The Apricorn's is located exactly in line with the HDD's connector, and requires no stressing of the cable.The Apricorn is available here on Amazon, but I found it for less at Page Computers. It is slightly higher in cost than the Vantec, but I'm convinced it is a much better product. Also, with Apricorn's active ventilation and greater physical stability, I have peace of mind about the longevity & safety of the expensive drive mounted inside it.
I purchased this because it had the fewest negative reviews.  I guess there are no decent hard drive enclosures out there any more.- The designers decided to skimp on size to save on money no doubt.  There really is no way to put a drive in this thing without using excessive force and bending/tearing cables.  It's hard to describe but if you really insist on buying this you have to really pay attention to every angle and surface after you get all the internal connections and before you slide the drive in the coffin to ensure a wire does not get pinched.  I ended up grinding some of the insulation off one of the wires.- I say "coffin" because the heat-generating drive has no air.  It is SEALED TIGHT in its metal coffin.  I only used it for less than an hour and it was already unacceptably hot - and that's in winter time when the house is cooler.  It would be a drive-killer for sure in the summer.  The only way I use this thing is with no cover at all.  Of course, it now becomes a shock hazard if I ever go to switch it on/off and am not paying close attention.  I think it's overkill to have a fan in a drive case, but at least some vent holes at the bottom and top are necessary.  The case is very shiney and nice and will look good in a landfill with the sun glistening and all until it gets covered up.  Yet another example of the thousands of products I've purchased which were designed by a committee of people who don't have to use the product.
When my XP system died, I got one of these from the local PC shop to transfer stuff to my new Vista system. The new system has never been able to recognize the drive. I wrote to the company several times, and they say it is Vista compatible without any additional drivers. They made some obvious suggestions like plug it directly into a USB port on the computer, not a hub (I had tried both). It works with two XP systems I've tested on, and my Vista PC reads every other USB drive, flash drive, and memory card I've tried, but this model just won't work with Vista.
Would not work with two different IDE drives. Had to use SpinRite to recover the drives after trying the enclosure.
I never got the product to work I plugged in both cords from the drive, plugged it into the wall.....nothing.  LED would not light up(yes I hooked the wire up) and drive was getting no power and my computer would not recognize the drive.  I took everything back apart and put it back together twice and I got nothing.  I must have received a bad unit.Sent it back for refund.
Purchased & rec'd this case for the specific purpose of backing up files to DVD-R media, assembled it carefully per the instructions, plugged it in, the power light flashed once...and died...and took out a 320GB drive with several thousand dollars worth of music files along with it - I'll never purchase, nor recommend, another Vantec product as long as I live.BEWARE!!!
Sounds terrible, USB interface consists of six wires that probably wont work with your computer, and no instructions.
I purchased this item in November 2004. Less than six months later (in early 2005) the computer would not hold a charge. I sent it off to Toshiba for repair. I was told about two weeks later that they did not have the part "in stock." and it would be probably another three weeks before it came in. As an online instructor who travels frequently, I need a reliable laptop. Of course, I started making numerous calls, finally ending up with the Toshiba rep for the store I bought it from. He made several phone calls and I had the item back within a week (one day before I was to leave on an important business trip for which I needed my laptop). For my trouble, Toshiba offered a $100 voucher to be used at their site. Now - in February 2006 (about nine months later) I need an AC adapter (my dog was hungry). Remembering that credit, I contacted Toshiba. They took my order, but could not tell me if I still had the credit. They asked me to call back in two days. I did and was advised that the part was not "in stock" (does this sound like deja vu?). They do not expect the part to be available for another 3 1/2 weeks! After calling around to numerous people (and after being told supervisors were not available -- at 2PM EST! no less), I reached someone who indicated that she would cancel the original order, advised that I should purchase the AC adapter, fax her the receipt, and she would have me reimbursed within 10 days. Great! After calling numerous stores in my area (Cheyenne, WY; Fort Collins, CO; Denver, CO) I still have yet to locate a "Toshiba" adapter. I can find MANY universals. What a joke this product and this manufacturer have been. Run!!! Run away from this nightmare!!! Buy something else!!!! And hey - this review is a "1" only because negative ten is not available.
I bought this laptop and was happy with it for about 15 months.  Unfortunately the warranty only lasts 12 months!I have been having power problems.  When I have the laptop plugged in and the AC power is registered my battery drains.  When the battery power is all out, regardless of whether my adapter is plugged in, my laptop shuts down.  The battery will only charge when the laptop is turned off.Also, my laptop sometimes shuts down without warranty - this I understand to be caused by overheating.I have researched both of these problems - neither are uncommon.  Even though these problems are frequent and obviously a design/manufacturing flaw, they will not repair free of charge.I will not buy another Toshiba.
Note that I gave this one star only because I can't give it zero stars.I bought this laptop for my wife 10 months ago.  She had a Toshiba laptop prior to this one that worked fantastically.  So, trusting the Toshiba reputation for very good laptops, I got this one as an upgrade for her.It is a LEMON, however.  When it works, it does very well from a performance and functionality standpoint (and the price was decent).  But the same problem is occurring again - surprise loss of power and an apparent drain on the battery.  The A/C adapter plug seems to be connected properly, but the laptop seems to "lose" the connection for some reason, resulting in draining the battery and then - poof - off it goes when the battery's drained.  My wife today says it's happening again after two previous "repairs".Tonight will be the third time in 10 months that I will be contacting Toshiba to "repair" the problem - but I don't think it can be repaired.  This time I'm going to insist that I get either a working laptop or a significant amount of the money I spent refunded.  I'm really perturbed about this - of the 10 months we've had it, it's been at the repair depot for 1 of those months total so far!
Beware the Toshiba Satellite.  The battery and AC power system does not work properly.  The AC jack often "loses contact" with battery allowing battery to drain while it is plugged in and should be charging.  AC power fails frequently and if battery has also drained, computer will simply power down.  Only way to bring it back up is to manipulate the AC plug in its jack and try to restore power to the unit.  Sometimes this means only putting the plug halfway into the jack for me and putting a barrier around the machine so that nothing will cause it to wiggle even the slightest amount.  Warranty repaired twice, Toshiba will not extend warranty or offer replacement.  Warranty is almost over and problem will undoubtedly reoccur.  Fan runs constantly and system overheats causing it to shut down or cause the dreaded "... has encountered a problem and must close..." error.  Very unhappy with the customer support technicians at the toll-free number.
I have two 1135S Satellites. First worked great so bought a second. The second developed problems with the plug in--something akin to a loose connection.After some investigation, I became aware that Toshiba is aware of the plug-in problem with its computers, but would not do anything about it in my case due to the laptop being barely out of warranty. Their solution: I pay for a new motherboard plus labor plus shipping!!!My solution: I will never buy another Toshiba product.
Buyer Beware! Installation went smoothly on a mac mini and everything seemed to be just fine, but then random machines on our network started bogging down or disconnecting entirely.  Tried disconnecting it and everything went back to normal- definitely NOT an ok product to be using on large network.
Do not recommend it sucks it don't work half of the time. No good product don't buy. It might be cheap but its not good.
My old one also died after a year, at that point it had to be rebooted a few times a day or hour. I found the setup easy so I purchased the same model. However the reboot problem occurred immediately with the new one. I tried 3 others but they all had the same problem so I switched to a Linksys model. The Linksys was harder to set up but hopefully it will work for awhile.
Netgear knows this router has a horrible problem where after a year it will just have to be constantly rebooted.  They don't care and they will not help you.  I had been a very long term customer ... not anymore.
This seller is not serious.He is selling TRASH!!!This modem works ONLY Under windows 98.Garbage!!!
They said they had it, but they did not. Doesn't sound all that professional does it? Why do they let this happen?
I'm not a Geek and dont want to spend alot of timetrying to get a $20 card to work with the NetgearDGN2000 wireless router, so I'm throwing this inthe garbage.The installation went well and it worked when Ihad the router right next to it. When I moved therouter about 40 feet away (and 2 walls) it wouldnt work.It shows green (connected) red (disconnected) every10 secs. and I cannot access the internet.I have 2 other wireless adapters and they both workin that configuration.One is a realtek usb withthe antenna. It will connect 150 feet from the routerYou can find it here:http://www.amazon.com/Wireless-802-11G-Adapter-Antenna-Realtek/dp/B001Q4G3YQ/ref=sr_1_4?s=gateway&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1285787416&sr;=8-4The 2nd is a Dlink airplus exteme G.It connected well when the Netgear would not,but died on me, though it was a reman fromEbay at $10.
I bought this card for Ubuntu Linux and I had to find the drivers since it was not plug and playable on Linux. The drivers that I found were rejected by Linux and I was able to use the WPN511 card that I bought for another laptop which worked fine on Linux...I thought I would swap this card for the Windows XP machine that I had. I installed the software and it picked up the card. I was able to connect on to web but when I tried to connect with the browser it would not connect even though I was connected to the network. I removed this card and put the WPN511 back in and everything works fine...I bought this card and it was cheap and probably this is the reason this card does not work. I bought the v2 of this card which is made in China and has a different chipset than the v1 (the better card)... I will be returning this card tomorrow and getting another WPN511 card...It is worth spending more on a wireless card and get better results...
I own a WG511v2 and unfortunately suffer from the same problem afflicting many users on the NETGEAR support forums.  The WPA security does not consistently work with this card, instead for reliable connection you must use the less secure WEP security.Using WPA (with this card in my Sony Vaio PCG-GR370) my connection might stay active for several hours.  But it suffers from random bouts of disconnecting and scanning all the channels for your router.  Despite two other computers (Macbook and Dell Latitude D620) on the same network maintaining a connection with their factory installed internal wireless cards.
This was a very disapointing experience. It took a long time to resolve this. I had to call and email the vendor that shipped the card (even that I bought at Amazon) and at the end Amazon had to refund me because nothing was done. By then it was too late to get this card for Christmas.
Read the title. Even with the latest versus of Netgear's drivers or the Windows 7 plug and play drivers, this adapter causes consistent bluescreens whenever the network is under load. I suspect the hardware is defective. There are dozens of other wireless adapters out there - buy one of them.
Way to go Crucial, build modules way past the capabilities of the silicon so you can put fast numbers on the box.  What's that?  It fails after a short period of use?  Ship it anyway!Oh, and when they call to ask for a refund, give them credit towards their choice of some other useless piece of Crucial junk instead!  Yay!!!
I guess you get what you pay for. This package does NOT burn DVDs; for that feature you must upgrade the s/w for an additional $50. The installation instructions and procedure for the USB driver and editing s/w are very poorly documented and are confusing (even for me, a long-time Windows developer). Windows (XP) requests you to reinstall the driver each time you plug in the dongle. And last but not least, the quality of the captured video is ABYSMAL (defeating the very point of owning this device). Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this!!!
This is the first review I've written - I'm writing it only to save you people who are thinking of buying it your money. This is by far the worst dvd I have ever seen! (Even worse than Pat.) The footage is sped up (very obviously) and sound effects are added to try and make it exciting - but doesn't work. - It's basically a nice slow Sunday drive in fast forward.
Mine has been back to Toshiba four times already in the first year. It's going back again for the same reason (See JL32's review above) as soon as I can get back to CompUSA. The motherboard and power socket was replaced last time and it still overheats even when the grills and heat sink are totally clean. The system automatically shuts down. This happens especially if the room temperature gets much above 70 degrees (F) or when I run multiple demanding programs. And this machine never gets used for gaming, mostly internet browsing and writing papers.UPDATE: Toshiba seems to have found a fix for this serious flaw. Since sending it back to Toshiba in early 2007 it has been actually stable and "symptom free." It is still quite snappy and has not needed repair for that problem after 2 years of daily use.
I bought this computer last year around February.Thinking it was a great deal, and heard nothing but amazing reviews about Toshiba.Since I have owned this computer I have had to get it replaced once, im on my 2nd replacement. It has been in repair 5 times.It constantly overheats and the power supply fails repeditly.DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER!!!!!!!
I agree with another reviewer that gave these badly designed caps a much higher rating than I did.Once installed it almost takes a set of pliers to get these things off as the outside portionof the cap is angled the wrong way to get a grip on them, but angled the right way for the mold release process.  So what has happened, is that the manufacture in all his vast wisdom has decidedto make his process easier and stick it to his customers; SOUND FAMILIAR?The best way to remedy the problem is to go in and grind grooves on top and bottom of the so called finger holds so that you can actually get a grip on these.THE MANUFACTURER SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF HIMSELF ON THIS ONE!
Would have been great if this item was the item I had received...But I did not get the item in this picture. Instead what I got was old, bent and broken...pathetic..
This flavor of tuna is to die for! I was informed about this just last week and thought I would give it a try and I love it. I just wish there were more crackers with it.You won't be disappointed!
Don't buy this, you will NOT get the Dictaphone 3750  pictured here! they send something completely different!! the item pictured is very rare and so it is tempting to jump on a price of $30 for it, however, other sellers are selling similar items for upwards of $300.00 because it is so rare. Don't get sucked in by these people
These did not work at all.  I tried another one that a friend had and it worked fine.  I threw them away.
I bought this card about two months ago; at first, I was really impressed.  It had a higher speed (x133 vs. x40) than my last card; the difference was notable especially when filming 1024 res videos with my Canon S80.  Tonight, I go to take a picture and get a "Bad Memory" error. First I tried reformatting the card; the camera was unable to complete that operation.  I put the card in a USB adapter and tried to reformat it via Windows. That failed as well.  I'm not even able to erase the current pictures from it; they show up in Windows explorer, but cannot be erased.  I appears that the card has died. Sadly, I probably don't have the receipt anymore.  I've used a lot of Compact Flash and a few SD cards in the last 5 years; this is the first one that's gone bad on me.
with separate review, but I bought a Samsung SCX-4521 last year and I've since replaced it.  It eats toner by the spoonful.  The 3000 pages per toner package are greatly exagerated.  I feel like I'm always replacing toner.and it jams constantly.  It's also noisy.  Terrible machine.  I recommend anything but this model.  It does fax nicely, but the copies and prints are much too problematic.
This is the most difficult product I've ever tried to deal with. And I'm technical minded. After over an hour of going through the same steps over and over, it would not configure. So at this point, I decide to give tech. support a call. On hold forever. And ever. Then, the rudest person came on the phone and told me to unplug this thing, wait five min, and try again. What the crap is that? If that is the only cracker jack advice you can give, GO OUT OF BUSINESS. When I said "I think I'll return the product" she said, "ok" and hung up on me.  Simple as this: they didn't want to talk, so they give you crappy advice for a crappy product. PERIOD. If you buy this, you're a FOOL.
it's cheap and looks nice at first. Don't get fool by this router! i have problems with this wireless router. i have cable modem and connected with this router and you get connected for min.and you will get disconnect from cable or internet every min. i also call a tech but their not from here. tech seems like their at india and i had problem understanding.
I have been using this router for over a year.  It has been continual trouble and resets/reconfigurations.  I have had to reset it so many times that the reset button has failed.  Now I am hosed.  I will dispose of this product today and find another brand.  I do not recommend this product.
Initially it worked for a while; then it started dropping connections. Every time it does, you need to restart the router to get it connected.  This piece is a total waster -- Don't waste your money and time (on debugging it).
Buy Netgear instead. After hours of attempting to optimize this routers settings, channels, etc., and even after buying an amplified/enhanced antenna for it, I could only get decent reception in the same room that I originally placed it in! I would give it a zero star rating instead of a one star rating if that option was available. By the way, you won't get 108Mbps data transfer in any room, the manual lists the device's max data throughput as 54Mbps..., unless used with &#34;other&#34; D Link products... (which are not specifically enumerated). People were actually giving this item 3 or more stars for some reason, even as they criticized it, at length, in their reviews... Did I mention, not to buy this item? 20 more words required, but not needed.
A friend bought this product a while ago, but just decided to have me install it.  I installed it on his computer (which runs XP), but my up-to-date Vista laptop cannot connect to his router wirelessly.  It detects it, but that's it.  Even using all the same settings and right password, I can't get Internet access.  D-Link will NOT support this product even though he just opened it, so BUYER BEWARE!  I would not recommend ANY D-Link product.  His previous wireless router was also a D-Link, and it stopped working not long after it was successfully installed.
I wish there was a ZERO STAR selection. I am on my second unit, and both do the same thing: reboot whenever they feel like it.When I was on the phone with tech support getting an RMA for the first unit, it rebooted over two dozen times in 20 minutes. I just got the replacement unit installed today, and 30 minutes later it was rebooting.I have removed it and reinstalled my older DI-614+I have seen many posts on various sites across the Internet from people who have the same problem. Avoid the DI-624!!!
This is an awful product. It crashes and reset often. I had it repaced by DLink and still no luck.  To make matters worse DLink tech support are rude and clueless. I have 2 other friends with the same device and similar problems.  There may be an intrinsic design flaw with this device.I finally replaced the router with another brand and has been very happy since.The device was NOT purchased via Amazon.Note to Amazon - allow a 0 star rating which is what the device deserves.
I have never written a review before in amazon, but my experience with this product has been too frustrating to just forget about it.I bought this product about a year and a half ago. I have H/W Ver: D1. The system worked OK the first month. Then all the LEDs froze green and the network went down. I called customer support and they told me to disconnect the device power cord and wait for about 30 sec before I connected it back. This worked in getting the router to work again. However, waiting 30 sec only sounds reasonable if this rarely happens (maybe once every 3-6 months). As time went by however, the need to do the power cycle procedure became more frequent. Now, the router does not come out of LED freeze mode even if I wait half a day before I connect the power cord again, which to me it means that the router is broken.Among the things I tried I have to mention that I installed F/W updates which did not improve things significantly. I bought another router today (something other than D-Link) and shared my experience with a sales representative. He said that 2 years was a reasonable life for a wireless router because they are turned on all the time. However, I have a cable modem that is well over 2 years old (Motorola) and it is flawless so far. Granted, a cable modem is not a wireless router, but the point is that both are on all the time, and one does a good job and the other one (D-Link DI-624) doesn't.I will not buy another D-Link product again. Hope this is useful to you.
I purchased the LG DUPY10 a 50" plasma model last year march. From the beginning I had numerous problems. Replaced digital boards twice and still same problems occurs every few months. Customer service is a joke.Go with superior quality brands such as Sony, Panasonic, Pioneer etc.I consider LG is the worst plasma manufacturer in the world.
I received this as a gift and my excitement died quickly.  It constantly overheats even after buying a cooling pad ($30 down the tube) and setting it in front of a fan.  It got so hot it melted a CD sitting near it.  It also sounds like a jet engine when it's turned on.  I have gotten rid of programs and constantly defrag and clean any usless junk from the hard drive.  It now refuses to download CD's or play them.  I called the Customer Service line after the second overheating (less that three months after getting it) and they could only tell me to get a cooling pad. Thanks for the advice morons!Good luck watching anything from the internet!Funny, the friend who bought this for me got one for herself six months later and not only had the overheating issue but it has melted her screen twice (even after letting it cool before closing it).  I think this company needs to be overhauled and sent fines for having faulty equipment.
I'm sorry to say that the product was never delivered at the right adress. I have been looking it up and I have not been able to find the product. I regret very much not being able to recieve it. Junice Augusta
Could not get help.  Still can't get the thing to work!
I bought this hoping to get an easy & cheap ($3+shipping) fix for a broken ethernet port.  At first it appeared to work, it installed and even connected but I could not connect to the internet or other computers on the network. I had to move it between 2 computers and 2 networks to figure out that though it installed and "connected", it wasn't really working. Whats worse, it was cheap to buy, so I'm not sure if its worth the return shipping charge to get my 3 bucks back.Spend a little more now buying a more expensive branded UBS-ethernet adapter like I had to (I bought something similar from Trendnet) and save yourself some heartburn.
i found it under my wii lan adapter search and finding it under the search i thought it would work but it does now now i have a usless thing that i can not use it sucks
The reason I bought an ethernet adapter is to connect to the internet via my DSL ISP provider. I received my shipment. Inside is the USB ethernet adapter and a website to log into to get the drivers. DUH!!! I bought the adapter so I could log on to the internet. Now I need to log on to the internet to get the ethernet adapter to work. Does anybody see the irony here?Now I've got to log on to the internet to get the drivers to make the damned thing work. OK, I'll find a work around. I sign up for a free dial-up service. OK, now we're making progress.I jump through all the hoops to get signed up and finally I am able to access the internet. I type in the URL and wait forever for the dialup to download the install for the drivers. Guess what!!! I've finally got the drivers downloaded but I can't install them because they are a ".sys" extension and my computer says I can't play with sys file extensions.I'm a happy camper...
It does not work try it several times!  Tried the CD that came with it did notwork. I don't know what else to do.
I brought this item for my old dell inspiron 8100 and it did not read the disc you just better off getting the higher and more price ones.
This worked for about 2 minutes before it literally fell apart while still plugged into my usb drive, it apparently could not take the weight of the Ethernet cord.
thats the problem with these chinese sellers. they live over seas and sell stuff with horrible customerservice and support. i didnt even get a mini cd which wouldve been awesome. i cut a lil piece of paper saying go to this site for driver....only problem is ITS IN CHINESE. i guess i forgot to tell these ppl i dont read chinese. so also bought mine for wii and now wiht no drivers, its basically useless. this seller should be banned from the amazon community for peddling garbage and required to take a customer service seminar
i build computers as a hobby and while i have several computers in the house, the ONE that i use for my business is the ONE that i built from motherboard on up and therefore is the fastest, the leanest and with no JUNK on it, so i know junk when i see it.  no driver for Windows 8 is available,  and as a result, this flat out, drop dead, does NOT work!  so in my opinion, for what it's worth, this IS the very definition of JUNK and i'd give it ZERO stars if that option was available!
And I had a computer professional doing it.  It would not install from the mini-disk but I had the driver already downloaded just in case. We never got to internet access.  Finally, I routed around and found a new NID that I forgot I had and he installed that in 2 minutes and I had internet again.  Waste of money.
I use ubuntu linux system, and it works ok when I plugged it in, and that's it.It does not work after couple of seconds, every connection stalled and does not work.I hope I'm the last person to waste a money on this product.
This product is a waste of money it doesn't even work the LCD doesn't lite up. My system doesn't acknowledge it's existence because it's a dead end. Good thing it's only 3 dollars or I would be very aggravated.
Well I am sure this product would work find if I could get the driver to work....it comes in one of those mini cds and I have a Dell XPS M1330. The CD drive for the computer is similar to the mac book where the thing doesnt pop out, you just slide the disc in through a slot. But it is a mini cd so it doesnt work with my computer. Just thought I would let you know
The drivers never worked and the computer I was useing it on was not old the computer was running Windows Xp. It was like installing an old printer that did not work. And if you have any problem to bad there is no company to call, no web site nothing. I was just trying to stay out of having to mess around with the inside of my computer. but in the end that was exactly what I had to do save your self the problem. Don't buy this. Do what in the end I had to do get the d-link ethernet adater. It will save time and money. GO D-LINK!!~
The adage, "you get what you pay for" holds true with this product.  Although some of the other reviewers had trouble installing drivers, etc. I actually got through all that, but it didn't support the MTU I needed. I bought this so I could play xbox live in my dorm since the university changed the school network over xmas.  Bottom line if you're buying this to use for console gaming go with logitech.
It didn't do what I thought it should. No conversion from ETH5 to USB.I wanted it to read / write to a printer.
the case broke. it did not work. it was a horrible product to buy even for $4. i would definitely not reccommend it
I dont even know if it works becuase the CD they sent me with the driver installation isnt even a real CD. Its like half the size. So now I have to buy an CD adapter for my USB adapter. Piontless. Spend a lilttle more and get a real one.
It did not come with a CD only a piece of paper telling you to go to a website to download the driver. This product does not work well. Many websites do not load.
I read the other reviews and I thought it would be a good temporary fix but to my avail it wasn't. Don't buy this product. There is no tech support if it doesn't work. In my opinion ,don't buy
I tried to use this with my chromebook cr-48 after reading that it might work. I ordered from Wowparts and it came pretty fast and in its retail packaging so it was legit. However when I tried to use it, it wouldn't work. I tried it on my chromebook, tablet, windows 7 laptop, windows vista desktop, linux laptop, and windows xp desktop. It worked on none of the computers because there were no drivers for it. The cr-48 doesn't need drivers and neither does the laptop but both of them wouldn't recognize the device even though it was being powered by the computers.I got a refund and didn't have to send it back in. Good customer service for a bad product. It's not the reseller's fault but rather the manufacturer's.
I bought this product, but found that it did not work at all. Not as what it claimed. Wasteed my time and money. Simply warn people who is going to buy it.This is just few of the bad experience I had over online shopping. Most of time, I found that online products have pretty good quality.
Spent the best part of a day going over the "Vista" compatible drivers that wouldn't run off of the non-Vista-compatible CD. Finally called customer support (not a free call) to be told by the guy that my 300 Amp power supply needed to be closer to 450 amps:  He sait it was right there on the box.  I told him I got it from Amazon - "Oh, but it should say right there on the box..."  "It doesn't."  This company was willing to sell a driver which said nothing about 'Vista' in it's user/quick start manuals. Their video card won't run on the average computer but that information is not on the box or in the manual.  You'll be told that the $90 power supply upgrade will fix the problem ATI has created only after shelling out $108.00.  I thought I quit doing business with grade-school kids back in grade school in the 1950's but ATI has a 'new mentality'.  I really can't thank you enough, or thank Amazon for not assuring that the product wasn't a pack of lies.
Apex was wonderful about refunding my money for this product.  It was obviously defective, and although it worked for a while, it would always have some kind of problem with the battery life or the time it took to play songs.  I kept it thinking that it would be o.k. after I became used to it.  After having it for a month and a half, it died.  Since the policy is that there is only a one month warranty on these products, I was afraid that Apex would not refund my money, but they were very kind and helpful and gave me a full refund.  I would definitely purchase from them again.  Thank you.
I first charged the unit and the unit constantly reset.  I didnt like that appearance so I charged by USB on a PC where it didnt reset.Started loading songs, played some, all is well.  A day later, I went to load more and I got a "disk full" error when there was lots of space left.  Hmmm....  Shut it down and it didn't turn on.  Darn.  At that time I started to do some research and I found that there were a number of other users that experienced the same symptom - won't turn on.They gave up.  I didn't.  I tried all the combinations of pressing the "on" button and holding the reset in, while waiting for 4 seconds.  Finally I found one combination that DID reset it and turned the unit on.It's been working since (a week now).  Overall, the unit is a little slow, and that is with only 500meg loaded.  It will function as a USB 2.0 hard drive for any type of content.  Drop MP3s on the drive and the software will find them and update the menus accordingly as to content.  This process can take some time and you may think that it has frozen.....=====  Update  ======Now the earplug jack has an intermittent connection.  Probably a cold solder joint...  I'm lowering my rating to a "!", now...
This has to be the worse product I have bought in years.  When I took it out of the box, I attached the AC charger.  It wouldn't charge, but kept resetting for as long as the charger was attached.  So I used the supplied USB chord to charge.  This worked.  However, after the suggested 12 hour charging time, I disconnected and attempted to turn it on, but nothing happened.I started doing research and saw that this was a common problem.  So I downloaded the newest operating system from Memorex and flashed it to the player.  Unfortunately nothing changed.  The player wouldn't turn on.  I tried a few tricks I saw from others on the internet, resetting the unit and holding buttons etc... but still nothing.I then wrote an email to Memorex using their support website.  The only reply I ever got was an email which included the FAQ's for this player.  Of course I had read them before and attempted everything suggested so this was useless.I then attempted to call Memorex customer service.  This is not a toll free number.  It was busy most of the time, and when I finally got through, after listening to their options for 5 minutes, I finally got to the point where you talk to a customer service agent.  However, I kept getting a recording which said they have too many calls and then it would disconnect.  I did this for a week and gave up, returned the product.Oh, did I mention that the power on/off button fell off?  It's just glued on and fell off during the few days I had it sitting next to my computer.I highly recommend that you don't buy this MP3 player but look somewhere else.  And you don't want to have to deal with their ridiculous/nonexisting customer service!
I bought this at Target. I can't return it, as the 90 days  elapsed whiled waiting to give it as a Christmas present. oops.  Now I'm stuck with a unit that doesn't work at all.  It won't power up.  It won't even charge. It's a dud, and Memorex knows it.  A lot of companies will send a replacement immediately and request that you then return their item in that box, NOT MEMOREX.  Their tech support isn't toll free, and takes about 45 minutes to get someone, anyone.  Then there's no guarantee that they'll speak english.  This was a bad day for a frustrated consumer.  Don't buy this.  You'll be sorry.  Memorex didn't pull these when they knew they were defective, so, they're all defective.  You probably won't find a good one.buy ANY other mp3 player.
Specifications talked about S-Video, Composite, DVI outputs.  The only true output is HDMI.  Composite according to Sony doesn't show any good pictures.  It is a totally useless system unless you want to buy an HDMI Plasma or LCD TV.  I told Sony that they were crooks for selling such a system and they said that the people I bought it from were the crooks for not letting me know that I would have to buy another TV to use it.  I bought it from Tiger Direct and they will not let me return it, so I guess they are crooks.
I was really excited about this product--an all in one home entertainment system--TV, computer, DVDs.  Well, it had great promise.  I connected it to a receiver and a flat screen.  I had an entire custom cabinet made for it.  But the 300 DVD changer has never worked right.  I spent hours on the telephone with Sony.  I returned the unit to Sony for service. It came back still not working.  They sent a technician out to my home three times.  It still does not work.  Sony will not stand behind the product.  They won't replace it.  They want me to return it to Sony, again!  So they can wipe the hard drive clean (again) and start from scratch.  This is after I have paid hundreds of dollars to get my home network set up through a consultant. I will have to pay him again if they wipe the hard drive clean.It has been a nightmare.  Here's what really stinks--I can't watch or get to the 250 DVD I have loaded in Sony DVD changer.  I highly recommend not buying this unit.  The DVD changer does not integrate with the computer.  There is something defective and Sony will not own up to it or help me correct it.  Here's the kicker.  The unit is less than a year old and I bought an extended warranty.Thanks Sony!  I have been a loyal customer of yours over the years buying thousands and thousands of dollars of equipment from you.  But you have lost me for life.  Buy Dell's or HP's digial living systems!
Same probleme for the output, no way to connect it to anything else than HDMI, but in my case I do have an HDMI screen and it's simply black... unit was sent back once so far, and still doesn't work. Having read the above now I'm just tempted to give it away and stop thinking about it, thinking i probably made some young geek happy for a couple of months ;)I'm really giving it one star because amazon won't let me leave it unrated...Don't buy it.
Note to would-be buyers:1) All the inputs aren't simlutaneously usable. To record on a DVD-R from an s-video source, you have to fool the system in to thinking it's a cable signal and wipe out your digitsl TV settings. You then re-establish them by re-doing a full antenna scan when finished. (It's about a 20-step process.)2) You can record HDV files in to the system (in to m2t video files), but the Media Center software won't recognize them in its My-Videos library. To play them, you have to exit the system and manually find them in Windows Explorer3) True, it can record HD programs to hard drive from the digital antenna, but it plays them back in down-converted form. It will NOT transmit HD out of the Firewire connection if you're thinking of archiving to DVHS.4) If you connect to an HDTV and set it up as such, it is not smart enough to up-covert a DVD through the componenet output. You have to use a utility to set the output to 480i, and then set it back again (the manual is no help on this).5) It breaks down ALL THE TIME. Budget many hours in the break-fix cycle you could have spent doing better things6) Here's the kicker: it's NOT 24-7 support. Support calls (and expect to make many of them) go to a special group that just works normal business hours (west coast time).Needless to say, I'm not happy, and feel majorly misled.
It worked with xp (but the software isn't certified for Windows, and there were dire warnings about installing the software, which is necessary, despite the earlier comment).  It worked, but was very slow and had extremely poor signal reception.  My wife's laptop works great in the same room, so I know the problem isn't with the transmission of our wireless router.  To add insult to injury, the "monitor" that the card's software installs on your taskbar indicates that everything is great ("good" signal, and 54mbps), while windows tells me the truth:  "very poor signal" and less than 11 mbps.
Dell has unethical business practices.  Out of the box, my laptop had problems, slow, crashing, programs hanging...  After going back and forth with Dell, reinstalling the OS (twice, after I finally conviced Dell to send me the OS installation CD which is no longer included with your computer), the laptop was also diagnosed with a hard drive defect.  At this point, I told Dell I wanted to simply return the computer and get my money back.  The Dell rep. asked me to give them another chance and see if a hard drive replacement would fix the rest of the problems.  Wanting to be reasonable, I agreed.**  Never was I told that there is only a 21-day return policy!  **The hard drive arrived and I swapped out the drives, restored the system, but it STILL had problems.  At this point,I was extremely frustrated!  So, I called Dell and said that was it, I gave it a shot and I just wanted to return it.** But, because I tried to work with Dell to repair the laptop, I had exceeded the 21 days, and they REFUSED to give me a refund!  (Unless I pay a 15% restocking fee!) **Dell deliberately drags out the repair process to exceed the 21 days.  Then, whether they fix it or not, whether it takes 1 more day or 1 more year to fix, you're stuck with it.  I am not the only customer who has had this experience.In all, I have spent an unbelievable amount of time on the phone with Dell.  They jerk me around, shuffling me from department to department.  They tell me they'll send me things, which they don't and then claim they never said.  EVERY TIME I ask to speak to a manager, I'm put on hold for about 30-40 minutes (even though they say the wait is only 5-10 minutes), then after I'm on hold for that long, THEY HANG UP ON ME!  Whenever someone gives me an extension that I can use to reach him/her directly, the extension turns out to be out of service!  (And they always try to get away with giving you a 4 digit extension, which is useless - you need a 7 digit extension.  Not that those have been useful either.)I gave Dell almost $2000.  They gave me never-ending dissatisfaction and frustration.  I'll never give Dell another penny.
This was my second Dell Laptop. My first dell laptop was a disaster. It started off good and it was everything I expected it to be. Fast. It had a good amount of space. And it was dependable. A couple of months down the line I began to realize something... the computer got slower. I'm not a downloader and use it strictly for school because I also have a desktop computer in which I use for downloading and games and some what. But after a while the laptop got so slow that it would take twenty to thirty minutes just to start up.A year later I bought this computer and it waas everything I needed. Again, Dependable, fast, and a good trunk. But just in a couple of weeks the computer began to slow down. slow down to the point that it took me ten to twenty minutes just to start up the computer. I wiped the whole drive but when I started it up again, it felt as if it was going even slower.My father also has a dell and he says its also slow no matter which one you get. I now have a gateway and will never get a Dell laptop again. Its slow, and independable. When trying to use it in class to take notes it took soo long to start up that the class would be over by the time it did.
Dell laptops are failure prone. And no matter what level of service you pay for, they don't provide it. I paid for next business day on-site and after 8 days of them not fixing it, they stopped trying. Their products aren't the worst in the business but their support definitely is the worst in the industry.
6mo. and 1 week, the battery and cd drive died.don't ever bother trying to work with dell, they either don't speak English or are just plain incompetent.I have spent over 6K in hardware and software from dell and its been nothing but trouble. I'll be looking for a new supplier for my computing needs.
I bought this computer as a home computer. Not really looking for a laptop but the price was right. It work for a month then the hard drive just died. I bought a bigger sized one and worked ok for a few months more. One day i came home from work (my mom had called and said that she needed to use it so i had let her) and the darn thing wouldn't turn on at all. My boyfriend who fixes computers all the time looked at it and said the motherboard was fried. What?!?!? I knew it was a used laptop but to work for less then a year and the thing die? I went a bought a ACER laptop for the same price brand new and haven't had any problems other then Vista drivers for it. Don't buy dell crappy crappy crappy parts and service.
This laptop's hard drive was defective out of the box. It was replaced. Then the keys started popping off (I have them held on with bandaids now), now the CD-ROM drive won't read discs. The computer is 8 months old, and used for word processing and the internet. A total dog. Don't buy it. (sorry dogs, for insulting you!)
Ordered online to use with my laptop, as I hate the built in pad.  Came in fairly quickly, no problem.Packing was a scrap of bubble wrap in a padded envelope, no product box, no instructions, no manual, no documentation, no driver, no nothing, just the device itself.Construction seems okay, but hard to evaluate function since there's no documentation to tell how it is supposed to function. My hands aren't all that big, but the finger hole is too small to insert my index finger without the big button inside the finger hole being held down constantly, which, since I don't know what that button is supposed to do, I can only say, seems to make random areas of the screen highlight spontaneously, and any open windows scroll up and down uncontrollably.  While holding device carefully by the outside, I tried moving cursor with trackball, and the cursor jerked around erratically upwards, downwards, or towards the right, but couldn't move to the left at all. Pretty much useless for me.At least it was cheap in price.
It just never worked...lol. Either I'm an idiot or this product is junk. It came with no instructions which is no suprise considering what a basic concept it is....but no matter what I did, it never worked.
This item was deceptively pushed into a search for an ethernet switch.  The package had no shipping form and no option to return item.  They certainly knew what they were doing!
I purchased two of these from BuyXtras both arrived slightly deformed / warped. I had to bend them a little to get them to match the proper 40mm fan, and even still they look kind of mis-formed, with that said, I later found a place on line to get these for 60cents each (mouser), ordered from that re-seller and all where perfectly shaped. This is too simple of a product to mess up, the original seller knew quite well that they were sending me, what I would guess to be factory rejects, at an inflated premium price.
Wish I would have read the reviews before wasting money on it. Tried on multiple PCs using different video cards, different OS. Never got even a slight picture.
Vendor claims Amazon puts up the title and they match the product, so if Amazon sells "Brakes", only after the item arrives at your doorstep, will you read from the invoice that it was brakes for a Mercedes and not your BMW!!!The item is shipped as a HD15M, RCA-F/DIN4-F MATROX G450/  on the invoice ...If you don't have a Matrox G450, you are on the hook for your shipping charges back to them.
Don't buy this at all!  I bought this to use on my media center.  All that happens when I plug it in is black and white lines across the screen.  I've tried restarting and everything.  I'll try for a refund.
THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK UNLESS YOU'RE VIDEO CARD HAPPENS TO HAVE A THING CALLED "VGA-TV OUTPUT"!They are very unclear about this.  This product does not work with any regular video card.  Supposedly there is a thing called "VGA TV Output", which means that a video card can somehow output a TV signal through the VGA port, which makes no sense in the first place because that's why I bought the cable! If you have a regular video card with a standard VGA output and want that converted to an S-video signal, this product will not work.Cyberguys were generally nice when I called them for tech support.  They told me that it works with only "some" video cards, and when I asked him which ones he told me that they don't have time to buy all existing video cards and check them.  What?! They gave me a complete refund (even shipping and handling) and told me to just keep the product.  Obviously they know what's up.  They treated me very nicely with dignity and respect, though gave me a product that does not work.CYBERGUYS, ZIOTEK, Whoever makes this product:BE MORE EXPLICIT ON AMAZON THAT YOUR VIDEO CARD MUST SUPPORT "VGA-TV OUT".  Whatever that means...
Apparently this adapter works with only a few video cards.  The computer I bought this for did not work.  THIS WILL NOT WORK WITH MOST COMPUTERS!  If you decide to send it back, send it back with a return receipt from the post office (certified mail - it costs extra).  I sent mine back to the seller without the certified mail and they claimed they never received it and I did not have the proof in a certified receipt.
Either the item is faulty or my television is too old but it didnt work for me. I needed to use the component from vga to avoid taking up my s video and dvi openings on ym video card and the television never picked up the signal. Instead if you have a component open for video just use the s video converter not from this item.
The item was inexpensive, and shipped fast, but the shipping was $11 some odd.  I would assume shipping is not refundable.The VGA out works on the computer to an external monitor, and the RCA inputs on the TV work from our old XBox, but this adapter did not work.  The TV did not detect any sort of a signal input.We tried both the RCA and S-Video connections, but neither one worked.
hibroght for connection from laptop to TV, did not work, i did not return due to cost, still in electric box at my home, do not spend mondey....
this thing doesn't work, nothing but black and white image and off center.  my video card is ntsc like it said but won't work on the 3 computers i have.  don't buy this, buy a video converter box.
Thought it sounded too easy.  Needed something to work with my laptop.  Wish I would have read the customer reviews first like I generally do.  At least it was only about 10 bucks w/shipping.  Didn't get any funcionality with the rca connection, the s-video showed a scrambled screen in gray scale.  Oh well, live and learn.
The description of this item is too vague owing to the fact that now I know I need a VGA video card on my computer. I purchased this item in hopes of connecting my wife's laptop to her TV but it totally failed! I even tried my Dell tower with the same result. The seller needs to clarify the fact that this item only works if combined with a VGA video card.
Well the item didn't work how it said it would. The picture was black and scrambled at best.
Really realyl bad, it didn't work on multiple pcs and nbsnot recommended u gonna feel sorry 4 thr moneythe only good thingthat happenned thet it was shipped the next day from my order and that ofcourse doesn't count since its doesn't work
I purchased this product for presenting.  Even if you unplug your monitor, and hook this up instead, you will get the most pitiful picture you have seen in your life.  It is in black and white and it splits your screen in half and it goes up and down across your screen in a fast motion.  Save yourself the time and agravation and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!  It is the worst thing I have bought in my life.
this does not work, must be made for a certain video card dont buy, you would be wasting money!
No instructions, tried combinations of driver settings, never got a picture. Better to choose something else...
i gave it one star only because it won't let me give the option of no stars
That's cable doesn't works, I tried to connect my laptop and my desktop pc to my TV using S-Video and RCA Adapter but any one didn't work. Waste my money.
Tried this out with two computers, two TVs...didn't work.  It acted like it was outputting a signal with one scenario, but it was just a black screen.I tried the composite video AND the s-video to no avail.Purchase something else.
Seems like a good product, but its not compatible with my mac, mac has an ap for your ipod touch to turn it into a ten key and it works great.  This company is however great!  I called to ask for assistance, they said it wasn't compatible and immediately refunded me (without even making me send the product back!).
I bought it to use with POlar watches IR adapter but when installed it doesnt work. It looks like an OEM product for cell phone but now this product is doing a job i n the trash.
If you are looking to buy this for your Polar watch, don't bother. It doesn't work.
I bought this IrDA Adapter for myPolar S625X HRMWatch.- Failed:I wish I had seen the previous review earlier. Not only did this adapter not work for my Polar watch, I was unable to successfully install the driver from the mini CD that came with the package.- Failed:It was the same story with theQ-STOR IrDA Adapter. I wasn't able to get that to work either!---Finally, I was able to find one that actually worked - theCables Unlimited IrDA Adapter. It works flawlessly in helping to transfer the data from my Polar watch to my PC.*Note: The OS I installed all of the above IrDA adapter drivers on is Windows XP.
Do not buy this if you have more than one computer. Heck, don't buy it at all, you're going to eventually want to buy a newer router anyways. I've gone through two of them. The router restarts randomly, the more computers that are connected through it, the more often it restarts. With one computer downloading SP4 for windows 2000, and doing some light surfing on another, no P2P or anything else that would really stress it, causes it to restart about every 5-15 minutes. The first one I had died completely seemingly because of this, at first it would restart itself maybe once ever half hour to hour. It started resetting itself every 1-4 minutes, then shortly died. I assumed I just had a bad router and got another one. The one I'm using is already showing signs of dying as it's restarting every 5-15 minutes. And it's only a day old. Tech support was no help. Guy said to upgrade to current firmware several times, even though I upgraded the firmware right after taking it out of the box, and hold down the manual reset button for 30 seconds, asked about 5 times what kind of internet connection I had, had to explain several things. 45 minutes talking to tech support and it's still doing it. So now I'm supposed to wait for a 'level 2' tech support person to call me. After googling, it seems many people are having these kinds of issues.In case I haven't convinced you yet not to buy it, I'll also mention a few other issues.Port forwarding is a hit and miss, it either works, or for some unknown reason it doesn't (google it).Another issue is that the router will drop TCP connections that aren't active for 5-10 minutes. Example: If you have an IM client and nothing happens for 5-10 minutes, the server will stop routing packets for that connection, leaving the IM client thinking it's still connected for a few minutes.Unless it somehow starts to work flawlessly in the next day, it's being taken back.
I was still getting over 3 hours per charge before I bought this charger as an extra to keep at my office. After a month of using it, my battery now only holds a charge for 30 minutes. I'd recommend just ordering a new charger from Apple. Hopefully Kensington will give me my money back so that I can immediately spend it on a new battery.
This was the only product I could find locally to replace the power adapter on my Mac when it suddenly went up in flames.  I had this less than a month when the tip broke off inside my laptop.  According to the local repair shop, my motherboard was destroyed and it will cost $1000 to repair.  Even if it doesn't damage your laptop this isn't a good product - falls out frequently, isn't great at holding a connection.  Buyer beware!!!!
I bought this product a while back and the N23 tip broke inside my computer. I was able to retrieve it, and bought another whole unit while traveling. The tip also broke on this new unit and now I cannot find any replacement for the now infamous Smartip N23, not even at Kensington. Spent over $150.00 on these two units and they are now no more than paperweights. Mediocre quality and no customer support whatsoever. Back to Apple where at least their customer satisfaction is far superior.
I ordered this adapter because it was described as being for "Apple Notebooks". I couldn't find any more specific information on the product. When I received the product I found that it does not have a tip for a Macbook or Macbook Pro, nor does it supply adequate wattage to power these Apple notebooks that have been the standard for three plus years. I am very disappointed that the product information does not specify this, and that I lost ten dollars on return shipping. The seller, B & C Communications in New York, said he could exchange the Kensington for the right product. I wanted to buy a power converter to plug my Macbook into my d/c automobile power supply and explained that. He said he had what I needed, so I returned the Kensington and he said he'd take my return shipping costs off the balance due on the new product. Fortunately, before he sent the "power adapter" I asked him to email me all the specifics including the product number. What he was planning on selling me, upon return of the Kensington, was a standard Macbook power adapter! He didn't know the difference between this and the d/c converter I was asking for. When I told him that wasn't what I wanted and explained it further, he said he couldn't get the type of product I needed. He refunded my money and my original shipping cost, but said that Amazon doesn't allow him to refund my return shipping costs. Let the buyer beware! The seller was nice and helpful, but just doesn't know Macs. He also said that he had no control over the way Amazon described products and couldn't do anything about the misleading description. I then called Apple. They recommended Mac Mall online and told me of a good product that would suit my purpose. Always go to Apple first, and only use dealers who understand Apple products. There are Amazon affiliates that haven't a clue.
When we revceived the laptop, it did not even boot up! We called up Acer support to find out if we missed something, we were suggested to get it replaced as it was brand new! We just returned it. Good thing was we got our refund without any hassle from amazon/TigerDirect. (I have been using Dell laptop for few years, with no issues!).May be it happens once in a blue moon... but I would suggest to do a good sanity test before buying Acer notebook.
After 3 weeks with this product the computer blue screened and then crashed and I lost all of my information.  I am sending it back to the Acer and all repairs are under warrranty, but I find this to be unacceptable on such a new machine.
I purchased this product and spent a full day trying to get it to work at 2400 baud.  The manual says it's supported, the firmware says that it's supported, but it just plain wouldn't work.  Two days later I get a response from IOGear - they changed the firmware so that baud rates less then 9600 are no longer supported.
Never, ever order an Air Dash Wireless Card unless you plan on using it right next to your access point. I know I never will again! The thing can't read a signal from the next room, let alone one floor up from the access point! I got this because I didn't have the $60 to get a LinkSys right away? Thought this would tide me over until I could afford something that would last. This thing had me online for TWO DAYS. The third day, it lost the signal and never got it back. It wasn't because it was dead already. I know this because when I went to my friends' house and was right on top of their access point in their house, I got a signal. However, when I moved one room away, I lost it. Take my advice: Don't waste your money on the "cheap" item where you're paying so much shipping that you're basically paying half the price of a LinkSys card, anyway. Save up for the LinkSys, and get that a month later. It's worth the wait. I plugged the LinkSys into my laptop and got a 3-bar signal, where the AirBus was getting zippo. And, before you quote me the old adage, "You get what you pay for," don't. I didn't even get THAT.
I know that u might be a bit surprised, but this is true. I bought a new DELL inspiron 600m 14" laptop and since I was very busy during the days it arrived I really did not get a chance to look at all the functions of the sytem. SO after some three or four weeks while I tried to write a CD , the CD-player gave problem that the CD would stop in the middle of writing or playing operations. To my Horror I discovered that my return policy has expired and that DELL needs 100$ to fix this problem over the phone as they say this is  a software related problem.Done with this petty issue myself .. now comes the real shocker that after just 4and half months the laptop developed multiple cracks because of a faulty material used and the manufacturing defect in stress relieving of the body material ( which I can prove to them anytime they want ). All the crack originate on the corners of the body -- all four base corners and extend upwards. One of them is very large and is progressong from front right corner towards the keyboard. DELL says my Warranty is over which was for three months only and when I asked the customer reps ( on mail as dont ever try calling their customer phone service as they keep on transferring you till 30 - 40 minutes until you get to speak to a right guy who doesnt know anything.) where is it written on their service booklet that the body is covered under what warranty scheme, the only answer to this that dell have got is dont answer not even acknowledge by the automated reply which I got for the first mail but never for any subsequent e mails. After writing three mails to them I have finally decided to write here as today one of the cracked corner broke off. Please note that I have taken care of this laptop more than me and it has never fallen or even kept on hard floor. Add to this fact , which I discovered after lot of frustration, that my other room mate who also eventually had an Inspiron 600m ( older than me has the same problem at exactly the same location though only one location at the back of the body supporting the screen/cover opening and closing pins. After this I have spoken to several frens of mine who have dell inspiron and everybody has some or the other problem of developing a crack which, I cannot verify as I have not seen it on my own. This review is out of utter frustration on the part of the dell to even adress their customer's small problem especially a student who have somehow bought the laptop with his scholarship money. Anyone who is interested in knowing the truth can actually write to me at askarakoti at yaho co in and I will send u the pics of the cracks that have developed and on the sides they have developed so that at least u guys can scan ur Laptops when u buy them from DELL.  I must appreciate however that their system is working fine without any problems except the one odd one at the starting. neverthles I would never recommend any of my freind to buy a DELL unless he is rich and want to waste his money and keep invceting further on waste.
I made an order for two of these items.  My confirmation e-mail from Tech Depot stated that the item in question is actually a "Wireless Keyboard for LE1600 & LS800 series".  Don't order this expecting a tablet PC.
If you order this you will receive a keyboard. Although I didn't bother to open the keyboard they sent me, I am pretty sure it doesn't have the 1.1Ghz processor, 256Mb RAM, 20GB hard drive, Win XP Tab,.... They sent me an RMA but couldn't care less about resolving the error -- they didn't even change this listing. Nice...
To expand on the title, you get only the two pieces shown in the picture. Sure, I should have expected that "ONLY what you see is what you'll get," but I at least expected to get the small piece for the bottom front. You don't get that piece, or the one that covers the battery. So if you buy this and put it on, your Razr will just look odd. Be careful when buying replacement panels.
I use DSL and bought this router and a DSL modem as a backup in case my ATT supplied unit ever failed. Well, the ATT unit failed yesterday so I attemped to install my backups. The DSL modem installation went fine, as I was able to connect to the internet in a few minutes. Mating the Airlink wireless router to the modem was another matter completely! I tried everything in the set up manual, but could never get the Airlink wireless router to pass the modem's internet on to my PC. I called Airlink support, only to find that they only support units purchased within the last six months. Although this unit was brand new (I only opened the package yesterday!), they would provide no support. I bought another router (different brand) and have things working now, but I would never buy another Airlink product.
I installed this card in my Dell Dimension 4300 computer running Windows XP Home, and it immediately started acting funky. Some things were so weird that it's hard to know what happened, like my computer sponaneously booting from an OFF state - I've never seen that before. When I tried to actually use the new USB ports, the computer froze. I removed it and everything looks OK again. If you need high-speed USB, try something else.
Bought this enclosure based, in part, on the only other review at the time. When it arrived, I was keen to try it out having recently used a similar generic brand enclosure with no trouble. The ZDisc however gave me a very poor experience. Assembly was fine. But as soon as I'd got everything assembled and plugged it in ... nothing. No lights on the device came on. Then I noticed what looked like a light on the power supply - that was not lit. I tried a different power cord, no luck. After trying various things and double-checking everything, I was ready to give up.I decided to send an e-mail to the Cintre tech. support who, to my surprise were very responsive and very helpful - unlike Tiger Direct. They shipped me a new power supply and cable at no charge - made me feel better at least. So when I finally got that - which was now outside of the 30 day return limit - I plugged it in and found that the light on the power supply now came on. Great, I thought. But then found that the unit itself still would not power on - still no lights. I've about had it with this device. I really need some kind of enclosure like this - and was going to buy 3-4 others too - but will not be buying any more of this model.I was very hopeful at first, but then ended up being sorely disappointed.
For my $60, I received an Airlink 101 (like Frys puts on sale for $29), not the Sitecom I thought I was getting, and on top of that, (best I can guess) some gamer tried to flash the memory, and botched the job.  I ended up giving it to a friend who thinks he can fix it.  As received, it did not work, causing hours of frustration and thrashing.  I bought a wireless router locally.  I'm not very happy about this.  Oh, yeah, and the icing on the cake was the fact that the Airlink had 4 ports, not 5, which was the whole reason I was anxious to get this particular model.  To say I'm not satisfied would be putting it  mildly.  Now that I broke down and added an 8 port switch, it just doesn't matter anymore.  I just don't like getting broken junk.  And it won't let me give you zero stars.  Sad.
This card is meant for people working outside, you know, those construction workers you see hanging around with laptops (yeah right...)You get ZERO connectivity indoors, and I live in downtown Manhattan, even if you get close to the window you still get lousy reception. So you actually have to go outside - "I'm sorry fellas, my card can't get a signal here, lets move the meeting outside". On those rare occasions when the card does pick up a signal, it takes less than 5 minutes to lose it.I thought maybe im situated in a an area with strong interference or something, but everywhere I go, same result - go outside or get zero signal. I updated the firmware, software, tried 2 different laptops, nada. I have much better experience with my Nokia 9300 cellphone serving me as a modem than this card (which btw is a blast, but slow, that's why I bought this card).Now to the funny part - inside the card's box there's a nice little note stating that Sprint does not guarantee quality of service or consistent reception for this card. That should have blown the whistle on this gadget but I thought maybe they're putting it there just to cover themselves in extreme cases. I guess they knew exactly what they were doing, after all, you dont find a sticker that says "May overheat or not work at all" on a GE refrigerator...
This product dont work as they say. You need to have both pieces so close to use it. Doesnt work room to room.
Yes, this thing is "plug and play" and works great. BUT!! It is factory configuredwith NO password security! Its just sitting there- wide open and powerful- for all yourneighbors to suck on. Add a security password?? GOOD LUCK!  This gizmo has the WORST technical manualand the WORST interface I've ever seen. Don't believe me? Google it. Even the eggheads spent hoursfutzing with it, mostly to no avail. So- if you want to set up a free wifi hotspot for entire neighborhood-BUY this thing. If you don't...then you better look elsewhere.
Don't put this "dog" (sorry to insult my canine friends) near Vonage.  Your VOIP experience will become a living hell.  Go with the (only somewhat less terrible alternative) from Vonage (DLink router)
This is the third Linksys router I've owed in less than five year. I'm shopping for another make now. These pieces of garbage fry within a year, they disconnect your connection from the internet for no reason, even after several attempts at resetting. The connecting ports are just too cheap to maintain contact with the motherboard. And my units are left in cool, dark places, with no movement, no static to fry them. Customer service? You must be joking. This company needs to close and stop selling products and ripping people off. One star is TOO generous
I am now on my second 2Wire modem and, inevitably it seems, they give out within one year.  Keep losing signal, wireless or hard-wired!  Will never buy 2Wire again!!
MY ORDER WAS SENT TO THE WRONG STATE. TWO URGENT MESSAGES WENT WITHOUT ANSWER. I FINALLY HAD TO PURCHASE THE ITEM ELSEWHERE.
Despite the vendor claim, the Wireless function does not work with my Dell Axim Pocket PC. Installed the driver, but the Windows Mobile OS wouldn't give me the ability to properly set up the wireless function.
I got it fast enough, but it didnt work on my PSP, digital camera, or laptop. the seller never emailed me back about exchanging it or getting a refund.
i gave a one star because there isn't a lesser rating than it.i have windows 2000 professional. USB 1.1it simply doesnt work well. i lost valuable data while copying.well, it says the installation is easy, direct plug and play, but whats the use if there is no use after that ?pls dont buy this !
TP-Link 108Mbps 802.11b/g/g+ WiFi Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter Dongle (w/ extension cord) - Atheros Chipset, supports WPA2/152Bit WEP, Wireless Roaming.Would not install because it does not have the Microsoft certification.Had to revert back to slower/older wireless adapter that will work with my computer.Gave up and put the unit back in original box.  Will try to return for refund.Have used other wireless USB devices successfully.
Can't depend on the merchant if product could be arrived in specified time.In my future I would prefer buying in-site.
I bought this product to use for my last year of college.  It basically had everything that i needed on it to graduate.  It crashed on me and I ended up losing 80% of the data on it.  1 I should have had a backup, I realize that now.  But when called the "customer servic" personel was very condescending with an attitude and didnt care. Did a data recovery and got it back and there was another person information on my hard-drive, I had this guys complete life on my hard-drive, pictures, address, everything.  I am guessing that this company knowingly sold me a defective product and hoped for the best.  Not worth the money.  I would invest and buy a really good hard-drive, with better customer service.Also, the case started falling apart 3 months into the purchase. the cover started to come off, so now I probably have some sort of radiation poisining..Great!!!
The bag pictured above is not the bag I received in the mail. I was highly upset. Next time I will buy straight from Wacom itself.
Mini disc not compatible  for Macbook, and unable to be recognized by my new MacBook. I put it in a drawer and threw more than US60.oo  buying them, Again 2 pieces of junk.
The speakers were terrible and tinny sounding.  I guess that is what can be expected for the price.  I would have returned them, but with the cost of shipping them back, there would have been no point.
I got this mouse, and after a while you will realise that the software is unstable, the mouse keeps getting the jitters, the mouse display starts to dance on the screen, normally near the top of the screen and on the side bars.Downloaded the latest drivers did not improve the situation, so I contacted the company, who promised to comeback within 5 days??? still waiting two weeks later, dont touch it, its terrible and a waste of money.
I've had Sony Vaio desktop computers in my house since 1999.  I bought this one in September 2006 and just six months later the monitor went bad.  It was an excellent computer for the six months I had it.  (that was in May 2007)  Update from September 2007:  Sony fixed the previous problem...the inverter was bad, but now the battery doesn't work and there's a yellow vertical line down the right side of the screen.  Fortunately I have 2 weeks remaining on the warranty.  Normally Sony is an excellent computer;  I think I got a bad system...it's forcing me to purchase the extended warrany plan (approximately $400).
Great screen; good size. Now I have stripes on the monitor & keys that do not work. Can get no help from Sony. Cannot recommend this.
I hate SONY Notebooks. I bought this SONY Notebook and had problem with scroll pad as well as problem with FAN. FAN makes lot of noise, as if we are running a turbine.FAN replacement is very costly. You can not tolerate the noise either. Only choice left is through away SONY NotebookIf you are planning to use this at work place every one will stop by say "Can you shutdown your SONY?" Fan Noise is very annoying.
i bought this notebook for my sister as wedding gift. however, it has not worked normally now. it works slowly; it can not be turned off as my other notebook, sometimes it had to be forced to turn off. And there is problems about the screen. it always turns to black no matter how you adjust the screen light, even restart.i do not recommend this notebook.
Shipping is $7.99 and they don't combine items. That means that, if you buy two, your shipping will be $15.98... on two little tiny mini SD cards! I WAS going to buy four of them: $56 for the little things, $32 shipping! Lame!
I got what i paid for.  The storage capacity is there however the speed is no where near advertised.
The product did not have any "NAME BRAND" and came in a unbranded bubble wrap envelope. Also the shipping cost more than the product,but I did recieve a 75% credit back to my account.
I bought this card for a Panasonic Lumix Camera that supports up to a 4GB SDHC Card.  The card does not work and displays an error message on the camera.  This card may work to store data but it will not work on a Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX2 camera.
Bought for a Sanyo Xacti HD1A as a second card... already have a Transcend 4GB card in there that works fine.This one will not format, camera hangs up and I have to remove battery to reset it. It appears to format on the computer but only shows 1.89GB and still does the same in the camera.These might work with some cameras, etc. but not with this one which supports even larger capacity cards.I'm probably stuck with it since return shipping would eat up much of the cost...Junk
Bought two of these. 4GB SD cards, they are, 150x, they're not.Read speed is alright, getting around 6/7 MByte/Sec (with some testing software), which I believe is on a par with other regular branded cards (don't remember what that speed qualifies in multiples, was it 45x?).As for the writing speed, it was plain awful (less than 2 MByte/Sec). Now that's perfectly alright for my Dell pocket PCs, which I suspect cannot write faster than these cards can take, but rating the speed at 150x?!!! Come on now, why go way overboard with the specs?I had tried both cards in a Pentax K10D D-SLR Camera and they quickly choked after just a few continuous RAW shots as the camera started to empty its buffer onto the cards, taking a very long and unreasonable time to go back online.I've also had compatibility issues with a couple of different card readers (not recognizing the cards at all).I might have received 2 bad cards, I don't know, maybe other reviewers can confirm if they had similar results.Update: Flash Memory Toolkit rated these cards at 1.6 MB/s write and 8.6 MB/s read (a plain Toshiba 1GB SD was going at 2.7 MB/s write and 7.3 MB/s read)Also, the compatibility with my card readers could have been due to the fact that 4GB is stretching out the 2 GB SD spec (i.e. it is possible that the affected card readers cannot handle the capacity)
I got two of these through Amazon.  One works most of the time, the other one does not.  I have the more expensive SanDisk 4G card that works flawlessly in both my computer and in my Nuvi.What is odd is that the SD card that I received says "SecureDingital Card".  It just surprises me that the stick on label on the card would misspell Digital and not use the standard SD logo.  This product came from eek Technology.
I was very attracted by the low price and high capacity of this memory card, that I thought it was going to be an excellent option to improve the storage on my Treo 650. I received the SD card quick after I purchased it but it just wasn't detected by my smartphone or PDA.With an USB adapter would work OK but that's not what I needed for.As a result I returned it, my money was reimbursed and I lost $23 in shipping charges back and forth.
I was mistaken when I thought that this product would work with my pda. It not only caused my ppc 6700 to crash but it jacked up my laptop as well. I thought of doing an exchange only to get an email alluding to products getting returned back all the time so I declined. There is no point on getting a refund because there are so many fees I'd probably only get four dollars back. I should have known when the shipping was nearly that of the cost of the mini sd card. I've purchased a sandisk mini sd form another seller and hope that I have more luck
This item never reach to me, I did not receieve it!!!!!!
It does not seat perfectly in the Nikon charger and hence, 4 hours later the charger is still blinking furiously indicating the battery remains totally discharged. If you examine this battery carefully next to a real Nikon battery you should be able to tell that it is ever so slightly larger. If you try putting it into your camera, good luck getting it out.  I just don't know how these people get away with calling this a "replacement" for the EN-EL7. It's a cheesy knockoff that doesn't work.
While my new laptop seems to be working fine there should have been some included software which wasn't. It is now 3 weeks of effort trying to get them to replace the missing one.  Forget about it. I would have better luck leaving a message in the Wailing Wall. I'm already regretting my choosing a Toshiba.
Being a 17" laptop, I thought it would have a good keyboard since they have a big space to fill up.  But to my disappointment, they reduced the size of the PERIOD and RIGHT SHIFT buttons!  Don't they know that most people are right handed thus use the right shift key more often?  Don't they know people use the period key often specially for typing email addresses and URLs of websites?  This laptop has one of the worst keyboard design/layout I have ever seen.  Too bad the specifications of this model were quite good.
I had bought this model after reviewing its specifications on the Amazon website; it seemed well priced for the features that it had. In particular, I wanted a laptop with an in built tv card so that I could watch television programs in my room. When the product arrived, I was extremely disappointed to find that it did not come with the in-built tv tuner as was stated on the Amazon website. I checked the specifications of the model on the official Toshiba website, only to realize that the did not in fact include a tv tuner. I called Amazon and they offered a refund if I returned the product, which was not a viable solution in my opinion (since I had already installed software in the laptop). I would advise anyone keen on getting this model to check the specifications listed on the Amazon website against those on the official Toshiba website. It is extremely disappointing that information on the product was not represented accurately.
This product is bad. Not the high speed CF card as it said. Only have normal speed. If you looking for high speed card. Don't think about this. $65 for normal 4 GB card is ok deal but it is really ugly. Only come w/ ink jet printed label. Look for other brand and pay $20 more you can get 60x 4 gb card. For my comment, DON'T buy this!!!!!!!!!!!!
The D-Link 625 worked as advertised and did it quite well.  But!!! the router comes with a 30 day trial of SecureSpot security software.  Which is fine until the free trial expires.  I tried it, canceled it, a year ago!  Today the router said my 30 day trial expired,I have an option to Buy a 1 year subscription.  The only page I can get via the router is the D-link SecureSpot Buy page.  Instructions to bypass the page fail.  The SecureSpot Software has turned my router into a Brick, it's useless.  Sure you want to buy one? It will work for about 1 year, then use it as a planter.
I love the MacBook...Let's get that out of the way.  I bought it 3 days ago.This week Apple introduced the new 2.16ghz processor version of this Laptop.  Subsequently, Apple dropped the retail price of this particular laptop by $200 to $1299.  Subsequently, all Apple vendors dropped their pricing accordingly - that is - EXCEPT FOR AMAZON.AMAZON offers a low price guarantee, use shift+click below:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/103-6003915-0379009?ie=UTF8&nodeId;=468502#postorderThe price drop was so apparent.  If you look again at the item (assuming Amazon doesn't swap the page out to avoid this):http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GA91P4/103-6003915-0379009even AMAZON shows the reduced price from several different vendors.  But no pricing from Amazon, who up to Monday seemed to have plenty of stock on hand of this product.What AMAZON did instead, was to simply pull their remaining product inventory off of the website.  This way, they could avoid their 'Low price guarantee' claim which they make ensure the confidence of the buyer.Mind again, that had AMAZON made no post-sale 'Low price guarantee', I wouldn't be complaining, and would take my lumps like a man.  But the guarantee is WHY I purchased from AMAZON, this time and many times before.  This is what I look for in a web vendor.In my opinion, and at face value, this looks like a "Bait and Switch" practice.  Amazon REFUSES to honor their LOW PRICE GUARANTEE by AVOIDING the problem by pulling their inventory of black Macbook's (this configuration) off of the website as soon as the price drop happens.I probably have a legal leg to stand on here, and I probably should find out.  Years ago, Jeff Bezos would have stood behind these claims, but he is probably so far removed from Amazon's operations that stuff like this doesn't concern him anymore.  After years of buying from Amazon, I think Amazon's become a bit too big for its britches and maybe it's time to move on to a smaller e-retailer if AMAZON can't find the time to address problems like this.This is the FIRST review I've ever written on Amazon.  I'm really sorry.
I recieved the laptop but not the charger like they said they would send with it, so I don't know if it actually work properly, I want my money back or the charger cause this is badd for business .
I have had a 1GB Walletex card for about two years. I used it maybe twice and carried it in my wallet. At first the card was recognized when you put it into a USB port and you could read and write to it. Now it shows up as a drive but if you try to access it, it asks you to insert a disk. The company is in Israel and their web site is terrible. They still have troubleshooting advice that deals with Windows 98. I wrote to them to see what could be done to solve my problem and they did not reply even though they said how glad they were to hear from me! Avoid this product - it's fragile and expensive compared to standard flash drives.
I've had this thing about 6 months now and it has been nothing but trouble.  The MIMO radio is acceptible, but almost useless now that the thing is crashing every 5 minutes.  I used to have a static IP connection that would only require me to reset about once a week (no reboot button or off switch, only a factory reset button), but since moving to a dynamic ppoe login, I'm lucky if I get 15 minutes before having to unplug and plug it back in.  I'm switching back to my linksys 10mb 802.11b router until I can find something new.
This was a bad experience for me. Wasted many hours actually thinking this piece of junk would work.  I need a stable connection for work. Decided to cut my loses and buy D-Link. Problem solved. Placed the router and the Netgear PC USB adapter that also did not work in the trash because I would not wish this on anyone.Will more than likely never consider another Netgear product due to the poor quality.
I purchased this router nearly a year ago to replace a Linksys router that died. I can think of no better word to describe my experience with this device than 'suffering'.  It is an absolutely worthless piece of junk. It performs so poorly and is so unreliable that it has caused me to revisit my percepion of Netgear equipment as a whole.  It has no diagnostics or logging capability (though it claims to, the 'log' simply tells you when it started up and if you entered bad login credentials).There is no question that it's dropping packets. Check the statistics? It says everything is great.Want to upgrade to the latest firmware (yes, you will.  The original firmware is, um, [...]). Doing so will require that you erase and recreate the configuration from scratch.  Oh, and do be prepared to wait 30 seconds for it to write the config everytime you hit 'apply' -- which will you will need to do multiple times in several screens.Save yourself time, money and humility.  Don't waste any of it on this pathetic excuse for a router.
I recently bought this router to replace an older D-Link 802.11b wifi router.  I was shopping for one that had gigabit ethernet ports for the wired part of my network, and at least 802.11g with WPA encryption that most modern routers have.  In big letters on the box it said "This wireless router has been upgraded with Gigabit ports!".  I paid a premium, but I bought it mainly because the gigabit made it stand out from the crowd.When I got it home and plugged it in, I found it was only giving me 100mb ethernet, so I went to the Netgear website and found these words on this router's support page:  "Some sources incorrectly read that this product has gigabit capability. It does not."  I guess "some sources" include the the label on the box!I also have an Airport Express in my wifi network and I could not it to join the Netgear's wifi network unless I turned off all encryption!  I have many years of IT experience, and tried many different settings and troubleshooting methods to no avail.In the end, I decided to return the Netgear router and I got a D-Link DI-634M instead.  No, it doesn't have gigabit ethernet either, but it was $60 cheaper and it works flawlessly with the Airport Express.
Actually, I don't think I will buy Netgear at all.  This is the problem:  I bought the Netgear WNR834M and a netgear wireless card for my home PC. I also connect with a laptop.  It connected just fine ... but every 5 to 30 minutes it just stops connecting (the router).  Cycling power on the router brings it back on line for another 5-30 minutes.This was a brand new product, yes I'm going to go search the web for more recent firmware updates and play with security settings and make that phone call to India support... BUT *YOU* don't have to.  Buy D-Link instead. I'm generalizing this beyond my particular product because the same thing happened at work.  We got another Netgear router, it intermittently disconnected too.  Our solution was to rip it out and stick in D-Link.  Life is much better.  At home, I will try to salvage my "investment" ... but save yourself the grief.
I used this router for 18 months and during that time, I probably had to reset it every two days on average.  At first I thought it was my ISP but after they ran new lines to the house, the problem continued.  I installed the latest firmware but it did not alleviate the problem.Fed up, I just trashed it and purchased a Belkin N+.  Aside from being a breeze to setup and very fast, it hasn't required a reset yet so I'm very satisfied.
Had this router for 6 months and it worked great until it started dying a slow death of slow and dropped connections. To make thinks worse it didn't just not work, it would work and then not work, the most agonizing of all problems.
I purchased this router a few years back to upgrade an older 802.11g router also from Netgear.  Expecting similarly (good) performance and reliability as I got with other routers from Netgear, I instead found that it has been frequently dropping connections, freezing up and in general requiring constant hard resets of the router to keep my network up.  I am running the latest firmware, which was no small feat as the upgrade feature was difficult to get to work for some reason.Right now I'm using my older router again and on the market for a replacement 802.11N.Overall, I would steer away from this product.  It has forever changed my implicit trust in the Netgear brand name!
This has to be absolutely the worst experience I've had with any piece of technology.  You have to restart it every time you make a change and it kept dropping my wireless devices in times of heavy usage.I bought a D-Link instead.  I recommend you do the same.
This router is extremely buggy. It's 'factory default' configuration is a vapid 'autoconfiguration' mode where you can ping the internet but that redirects all of your browser's requests to itself, where it then attempts to 'learn' your network and configure itself in it's own retarded way. On my extremely common dynamic IP broadband home network (which a Linksys WRT54G router works out of the box on with no configuration) this router decided that I was on a Static IP network (which I am not), then proceeded to auto-screw it's configuration up so badly that it would not even boot up.It is possible to bypass the autoconfiguration and manually configure the router, however, after a few minutes the NAT logic freezes up for everything except for UDP packets. So you can ping the internet, do DNS lookups, and browse your cable modems status screen, but web requests to the internet are dropped on the floor.This is really unforgivable. Manufacturing a router is as simple as putting a Linux kernel in a box, and this is not a subtle bug, so I really feel Netgear had to actively try to screw this up. I bought this Netgear router because I have a little blue metal router from Netgear that has worked reliably for several years in colocation, but apparently they are no longer the quality brand I thought. I'll go back to Linksys, of which the WRT54 series is almost a modern classic.
maybe I have a bad router, but based on what others have written, it doesn't seem like I am alone in hating this wireless router. save yourself the frustration and buy another product. configuration of the router was not difficult, though the reliability of the connection is radically suspect. the router is constantly losing connection and requiring a reboot. if you like to restart your wireless router every 15-30 minutes this is a great product.
This router is semi-reliable when used with b/g-only clients using WEP. I recently got a new laptop that has 802.11n, and in order to use 11n at full speed, I had to switch to WPA2 security. Well, that's when the router became unreliable and started requiring power cycles every day. So, what you have is a router that breaks only when you try to use its defining feature: 802.11n support. I had a very reliable LinkSys router that lasted me for years... why did I switch to NetGear? Don't know, but I'll never come back.
I bought this as a gift for my son, after reading it works with PS2 platform.  Besides a waste of money, it was very disappointing for both of us to realize, after opening it, it doesn't work.
I should have believed everything I read.  Each review said that it was difficult to impossible to configure.  After 5 hours I gave up and its sitting in a closet.  Dont waste your money.
I have repeatedly tried to get this music bridge to work.  When installed the first time it works perfectly, but when I have to shut down and restart my computer, the software will not install properly.  I have not been able to contact Linksys support; their online support was terminated. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
I saw this thing marked down to $25, from $100 (!) last year and asked for it as an xmas present from my wife.  I figured there was probably a reason why it was marked down so much, but it was such a deal I figured why not give it a try.  So I opened up the present, thanked my lovely wife, and tried getting it set up.  I had to jump through so many stupid hoops to get this thing working.  I am an IT consultant by trade and it took me quite a while to get this piece of junk to talk to my computer.  In the end, I ended up having to upgrade both the software on the device itself and download the latest software that runs on my computer, amongst several other annoying things.  It was finally working, but it skips all the time so it's useless.  Also the drivers/client software often experience memory and CPU leaks that caused my machine to slow to a crawl.So now it's sitting in my drawer of useless computer junk that I can't throw away because it would be bad for the environment, so I have to find somewhere to recycle.  Right next to that Zip Drive from 1997 and that external 80gb Hard Drive I outgrew years ago.Don't bother.  I'm sure there are other wireless music bridges that work perfectly fine, but this one soured me so much that I haven't tried any yet.
Just doesn't work.  After hours of work and no help from Linksys, this thing is sitting at the bottom of a box in my basement.  Save your money.
I have had the music bridge for about 6 months. I love the sound quality when it works. I have a lot of trouble connecting to it. It works the best when you use an Ethernet cable and forget about the wireless part of it.
Absolutely aweful..... i had this product for years... took me forever to get it set up. linksys was no help... support was aweful...dont recommend their products at all.
This card had some sort of defect where it stops saving pictures, or any file, really, at around the 500 MB mark, but does not display any error messages. Instead, it corrupts and destroys every picture. I tried the card on other cameras, with the same result, and also other cards in my camera, with excellent performance. I tried to get in touch with the seller many times in order to resolve the issue, perhaps return it and get a new one or whatever, to no avail. They simply ignored all my requests. Young Zebra should be ashamed, as well as Amazon for recommending them. Stay away.
Product worked great(when it worked).  My first one lasted 8 months and died for no reason.  After an excruciating experience with Netgear tech support, they reluctantly sent me a replacement. This one is now dead after only five months.  Don't buy this router unless you can purchase them in a six-pack.
The picture is a power supply, the item is a power cord for a laptop.
The cable never worked with my T290a, as it was never detected in Windows XP. Bad product in my experience and hopefully not many went through the same experience.
This is a great PSU, if you like fireworks inside your PC, mine last for about..... 1 second, maybe less, the fans are not bright at all and are really noisey, this thing just burned inside my pc when i turned it on a sound like "pop" and the smoke and... gone! death!, at least it didnt burned anything inside, wathever you do... DO NOT, i repeat, DO NOT buy this, there are plenty others that works at least for the same price, so, keep looking for something else and stay away from anything that says powmax.
There are several problems with this keyboard. 1 is that it has no number pad. another is that the lights don't light up when you click Caps lock or num lock or somthing, so you never know if its on or off until you type something.The biggest is that the buttons just plain suck. You have to really push down hard to get the letter to register, it destroys your typing speed, and butchers anything you try and type.the only redeming quality is that you can spill things on it and then just clean it off.
Vonage no longer supports this device - do NOT buy for use with Vonage phone systems - we did, and it's useless!
I bought this to eliminate clutter from my desk and improve the quality of service for my VoIP. This router is not supported by Vonage. You have to use their router. Hopefully Vonage will change their policy, since monopolizing is illegal anyway. If other phone companies allow you to use your own phone with their services, why shouldn't Vonage allow you to use own router to use with their services?
I ordered and received a nonfunctioning unit in October.  I contacted the company and several weeks later, I received a replacement unit...which also didn't work. I then returned the second nonfunctioning unit with instructions that I still wanted a working unit and then I waited for a replacement. I sent 3 more emails to the company and then I waited...I waited over 5 weeks to receive at least an email from them but I receive NOTHING after the initial contact. I finally had to contact my credit card company to have the order credited to my account.  Definitely not a way to run a business!
This battery pack charged fully the first day, and then would not recharge at all.  It also seemed to make a slight noise when the laptop was plugged in with the battery was inserted. I had to return it.
While the price is very good, the card works intermittently and lately is basically disconnecting very often. Support for wpa2 is dodgy at best.
This mini calculator/keypad may be OK for occasional use, but if you are looking for something to use everyday, stay away from this one.  The thing goes to sleep constantly - to save battery power of your laptop I suppose - but this feature is very annoying if you use a 10-key a lot.  The device also constantly freezes up - I find I have to stick the end of a paper clip into the 'reset' hole on the back of the device several times a week.  The keys are also stiff - you have to hit them hard, which makes it easy to miss numbers if you are typing quickly.  I am ready to throw mine away and try something else.
The Amazon service and it's supplier was great.  Quick delivery and follow up when returned.  However the product was very inferior and a big dissappointment since it was a Samsonite product.  The handle is very unstable and I am sure would break soon.  I returned the product and as a result lost a lot of money in the process.
I had such joy when I bought this gift. I saw it on TV so I was ready to try this, No it didn't work I tried so to make it work. I contacted the seller hoping the problem was mine. After 2 tries Amazon gave me a gift certificate. The owner never replied.
The computer will read the drive, but the drive will not open.  The directions are like a badly translated chinese food menu and are useless.  The driver only comes on a floppy disk.  There is no support available anywhere.
Couldn't get mine to work on any computer I hooked it up to - PC or Mac.  I bought it from another online store because it was cheap.  Yet another case of you get what you pay for.  Better off trying something else.
this drive only worls when it wants to on my laptop, it didnt even work the first couple of months. i would have sent it back, but the company wanted to keep have the payment i made just to send it back. also the instructions were in chinese.
these chips are used even though they are very sneaky about not mentioning anything on this page outright they are listed as new on amazon and that is how i wound up ordering one. I had to double check my invoice when the package arrived but there it was..."condition new". The chip arrived in an aftermarket clamshell package with clear signs of use including thermal paste residue and scuff marks from where a heat sink sat. If i wanted a used chip I could have bought one for half the price off ebay. I didn't want somebody's used crappy chip, but that's what I got. Buyer beware.............
This Product is fake.  Doesn't work with any card reader on the market.  Upon opening product nothing is inside.  Be wary with anyone who currently sells this card.
I did not like this item because it did not worked properly. I had no problem with the seller or getting a refund but if others items are like this one I would not buy or tell friend to buy.
I wanted something cheap, but something that worked!! I got something cheap, but it didn't work! It broke after 2 months of use. Also the air blows UP towrds the laptop, not DOWN and out. I guess for 10 bucks, you get what you pay for. And if you want to return it, it costs almost the price of the laptop to ship it back.. so don't bother!! (On a side note, the company was good about telling me if I shipped it back, I would get my money back)
I had bought one on November 13 2007 (just 3 months ago!!!).It was OK until today but it suddenly stopped. Don`t waste your money for sth that lasts only in 3 months..
One of the fan didn't work straight out of the box, brand new.I looked inside to see what's wrong and saw a lose cable to a fan.I didn't bother shipping it back because of the time, and cost of the shipping.
I bought this because I have a Toshiba, and Toshibas are notoriuos for having bad air circulation (I didn't know this until I'd had the laptop for over 2 years, I thought it was just mine).This is a terrible product. Its cheap and plastic, there are three fans, but one hardly ever works, and the other two barely move. It isn't wide enough for the feet on my laptop to sit on it, so my laptop sits directly on top of it, not allowing for any type of air flow.Also, the fans are not placed very well. Nowhere near my computer's two fans.
First of all, the method opening the chamber to install the batteries seems simple on paper. Actually opening the chamber takes up too much time and effort. Then putting the cover back on is another hassle in itself. I enjoyed the small size, though, but that small satisfaction is overshadowed by the frustration by trying to open the chamber. I do not recommend this because I am sure that people can find other mice that are not only small and compact, but are easier to use.
Service was acceptable from Seller: ma-accessories. The products batteries and users manual did not come with order. When I reached out to get the missing components I was told that customs' had removed the components and the reduced price was a reflection of this yet there was no mention in the description. If I chose to return the product I would receive a full refund. However original shipping and return shipping would have been more than purchasing the product at a brick and mortar.The issue for me is that the there was no mention that the product was open and missing components in the description.Buyer beware.
Could have dealt with the minimal quality of the product , Unit went bad contacted seller told no problem return and we will send you another one. That was in Febuary . Ill keep waiting but im not holding my breath anymore. Spend your hard earned money else where. Amazon should have a section to rate the seller.
Broke on me after 2 weeks of use. Something inside snapped I imagine and made a rattling sound when I shook it
I really like the style of mouse. This brand however much cheaper it was did not work properly. The contacts for the trackball did not roll and move the courser and they were made with very cheap parts. I just threw them away the same day I received them and Tried them out.[...]
I actually ordered another similar mouse, but the amazon merchant [ olive ties] shipped me this one [ with the GREEN TRACK BALL] instead; sort of a bait & switch game, I guess. I used it for 15 minutes and the track ball became very im-precise and jittery.  It is useless for controlling the cursor with.  It is useless.It says model fdm-g62 on the label , made by "3d green globe company", China.  It sells on Amazon under different manufacturer names, it seems.I will not return it because the shipping costs to return it would be as much as the mouse cost me.  I will just junk it.Don't buy this, at any price.
This is a fine example of the junk that China is dumping on American consumers. The first day I received the mouse the horizontal movement did not work. The USB cable will probably not stand much abuse. Overall the product is not worth more than five dollars. I have purchased a similar product in the past and was somewhat dissatisfied with the quality but this product is one step above crap.
Order this junk, and buy a new regular mouse also, when you have them both, throw away the finger mouse and use the new (regular) mouse.I got one for my daughter, after 10 minutes the rollers under the green ball broke (yes broke) its junk, about 5 or 10 years ago i found one that was optical not ball type, dog ate it and i havent been able to find one since. dont buy this one it is truly junk.
I really like the feel of this mini trackball. Unfortunately the trigger broke after just 5 weeks of use.
This is not a null modem connector. It is a gender changer. Should have listened to the reviews... Amazon needs to correct this problem....
I should have read the reviews before purchasing. I ordered 6 and they were labeled NULL MODEM, but they turned out to simply be gender changers.
I ordered two of these adapters, and after scratching my head trying to figure out what I was doing wrong I rang out the pins with a Multi-Meter and discovered that they were wired straight through. Namely, pin 2 goes to pin 2 and pins 3 goes to pin 3. They work great as F/F adapters though.....
This product is MISREPRESENTED - DO NOT BUY!This is a straight-thru F/F gender changer.  It is not a NULL modem as its description inaccurately depicts.Seller, you MUST change this deceptive description.
Despite the reviews I decided to try it (my luck) out.  The one I got had orange sticker with null modem printed on top.  Guess what, it is just a mislabeled gender changer. I even checked with a multimeter.  Do not waste your time on this unless you want a gender changer.
Despite being sold, and labeled as, a null modem adapter, pins 2 and 3 are straight through. Unfortunately I wasted 45 minutes troubleshooting software and serial port settings before breaking out the multi-meter to verify pin wiring on this adapter.Look elsewhere (unless you need a simple DB-9 gender changer).
Product would have been fine if i needed a gender changer, but I ordered a null modem adapter and the tape around the connectors said it was but the pins were all straight connections. I bought this so I wouldn't have to dig out an old 20' null modem cable but had to resort to that all the same since this didn't give me the cross talk like i needed.
Like the others who have reviewed this, it's not a null modem.  It's a straight pass-through.  This is despite being labeled a "NULL MODEM" on the orange band around it.
To all who have reviewed this product and stated that it is a proper functioning NULL MODEM adapter, one (or more) of the following is true:1.  You did not receive the same product as the rest of the reviewers2.  You do not know what a NULL MODEM adapter is (visit www dot nullmodem dot com to become educated)3.  You had another NULL MODEM cable/adapter in series and didn't realize it when you added this to the cablingI disassembled it and all pins are straight through connections.  A NULL MODEM adapter DOES NOT provide straight through connections!  This is a Female/Female RS-232 adapter.  Period.I'm extremely disappointed in Amazon for misrepresenting this product.
This is NOT a null modem adapter!  It arrived with a "null modem" sticker on it, but the connector is just a gender changer with straight through connections.
Despite what the description says and as some of the other reviewers have pointed out... this is NOT a null modem adapter, it is just a straight-through F/F gender changer.  Pin outs are exactly the same on each side.  (Wondering if the picture in the description is wrong as it shows an orange band around the adapter yet the one I received has a bright yellow band that states: "Mini Gender Changer".)
This is not a Null Modem. The package and text on the DB9 says it is a null modem, but I have tested it and it is a straight thru connector.
As everyone else has stated, this is not a null modem adapter just a female/female converter. Junk to me now... Amazon really needs to get this listing fixed.
Verified these are straight through gender benders, not null modem adapters.  Irritating since by the time I discovered it they were needed. My bad for not testing first, but still false labeling.
Don't buy these, they aren't a null modem adapter!  They are labeled as a null modem adapter but they are actually wired straight through.  The seller is doing nothing about it as is illustrated by all of the negative reviews.
I have the same experience as several others have complained about: though it is labelled a null modem, this is not a null modem.  I'd been hoping I might have been one of the lucky ones but alas, no, testing with a multimeter confirms that the adapter I received is just a gender changer and not a null modem.  Two thumbs down and 1 star for these guys.
although they are pictured and come labeled as such, the ones i received are  not null modem adapters.  they are just straight passthrough gender changers.
Two new SanDisk Extremem IV CompactFlash cards.  A 2 GB & 4 GB.  The 2 GB failed.  Only had one failure on previous SanDisk cards in the past several years.  One of my first two Extreme IV cards failed.  The Extreme IV has some serious reliability issues in my experience.  The 2 GB card was formatted, re-formatted, and fails after about a dozen shots.  The camera, D300, was tested with 4 Extremem III cards and the working IV 4 GB card and no issues.
SanDisk Extreme IV - Flash memory card - 2 GB> 1 used & new available from $242.09Is this like a joke or a very bad misprint?
i ordered this router thinking it was the one i needed. I received it,tested it, didn't work.emailed the seller, no reply whatsoever. worst seller ever.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PERSON.
Both chargers do NOT work with my ipod,the description of the item is FALSE ADVERTISING. People like them make buyers not shop at amazon..com..
This is a really cheesy product. The retractable cord is really tight to plug into the iphone. The AC outlet adapter does not charge the phone. 1 out of the three piece work, which is the cigarette adapter, but it was secure loosely in the cigarette port.
I've had many problems and still can't find a way to install it and make it work on my Treo 750
I loaded this into a Windows CE v5.0 box and it just didn't work.  The drivers, as far as I can tell are not on the included CD.  The files on the CD are not named the same as the card and as far as I can tell are not included because none of them work.  I tried going to the company website and had no luck.SO, my experience for this card is not good.
I bought this specifically for my Palm Treo 750. It did not work. I don't know what to do with it, now.
I could not be able to make it work in a smartphone. Useless for the purpose I was looking for.
This gizmo doesn't work at all.  I had to press down on the lid to get it to start it's repair cycle.  When it finished, not only did it not fix the existing scratches (I followed every step in the manual exactly) but it ADDED  many new arcs of scratches to my disc!!!Maybe there is a higher quality product out there that actually works, but this thing is JUNK!
I purchased this product and found it to be flimsy.  It did not have enough support to make me feel comfortable having my laptop on it.
This is the absolute worst Nintendo GameCube controller ever conceived. Everything about it reeks of ill informed decisions on how a moderately usable controller would be. I would not recommend purchasing this controller to even my worst adversaries. Take heed of my warning and take your money elsewhere
I don't have enough bad things to say about this phone.The battery is unreliable so we have to keep it plugged in all the time, unplug it to walk around for one phone call and it will be dead the next time you wish to use it.Sometimes it has a mind of its own regarding whether it wishes to join a wireless network, and it is very slow at everything that it does.We use it for Skype, and we have Skype voicemail. If you leave this phone turned on an incoming call will just ring and ring and never go to voicemail. You have to remember to turn it off when leaving the house if you wish to receive voicemails.The way Skype voicemail works is that the messages are downloaded only onto the apparatus that you download them onto, so if I download a message onto this phone it will no longer be available on my Skype account for me to listen to on my computer. Messages downloaded onto this phone spontaneously delete after 2 or 3 days.The sound quality on this phone is terrible. Admittedly there are some echo and other sound issues with Skype and VOIP in general, but this phone is much, much worse than headphones on a computer-from the same wireless connection.Buy this phone if you want to experience technology before all the bugs are worked out.
When I saw a photo of my actual cell phone with this cord I thought I had found the ideal way to sync my cell phone to my computer. What a disappointment. Five hours and a computer programming friend later I got partial use of this cord. The instructions that come with it are incorrect, and in the end extremely frustrating. Run don't walk from this product!!
This same dongle is sold by other suppliers here at Amazon, and the reviews there are all the same: tough to install software, won't run, if you download and upgrade the software, it asks for $20 license, shoddy construction.  All reviews the same. I wish I had seen one of those articles instead of this one, so I would have been forewarned what a rotten product this is.Oh more good news.  I just popped it open (with a fingernail) and guess what.  The antenna is just a solid piece of plastic - it's a dummy that doesn't even connect to anything inside - what a joke!If you want to buy something that takes a couple hours of frustration trying to install, requires an extra $20 for a license, with fake parts and shoddy construction, be my guest!!But be forewarned.  It's cheap because it's total junk!!
Dekcell CPA-1016 Bluetooth Wireless USB Dongle Adapter with Antenna, up to 328ft RangeBought the product in January and install with a great deal of trouble. Did not ever work properly, and in March stopped working completely. Yes the antenna is only for show there is no function to this except to take up more space.
I had high hopes for this item....Although my device (Toshiba e405) runs Windows Mobile 2003 which is supposed to be compatible, it froze up the instant I plugged the card in. Every single time.  I tried resetting the Toshiba a few times, fiddled around with the setup trying to get it right, reinstalled the software etc., etc.. I emailed the seller several times over a 2 week period and got zero response.  Can anyone help me figure this out?  How can I find out for sure that my device is compatible?? Any tricks required??
EMU support was completely DOE for over a month last year (absolutely off the map) Links down on website and everything, rumor was creative was going to discontinue the EMU line. Now the support section of the web site is back up but support is EMAIL only and if you do get to talk, you will talk to someone in India, AND if your 1616m preamps spark and catch on fire like mine did during that period and your warranty expired in the mean time, they will NOT honor the warranty, so RUN FAR AND FAST from EMU in general. and the 1616m Preamp jacks are sensitive and might spark out in a short while (mine did).
I own two of these drives and they are completely unreliable. I have wasted hours with them and they continue to let me down. I am now disposing of them.