I have used several preschool readiness programs and this one was disapointing. The workbooks are the only thing that was of any value. We were excited for the CD's b/c my son loves playing games on the computer so I figured these would be a great way for him to play and learn at the same time. But none of the CD's worked. As a matter of fact, one of them screwed up my brand new laptop and it keeps freezing up now. Even the flash cards were just o.k. since it gives them a visual of the letters of the alphabet, but the pictures on them do not accurately match the letter. For example, for the letter "G", the picture is a cat! I mean, I know gato is cat in spanish, but isn't this an English preschool readiness kit? Why would a cat be on the letter "G"? So, I gave it 2 stars since the flash cards actually show the letter for visualization of the alphabet and the workbooks were good. I know its a super cheap system, and I usually never write reviews, but this was a total waste of $20. So, shop around.
I bought this monitor a few weeks ago, and was very disappointed by the picture quality. I spent about 6 hours tweaking the controls, and using a utility called CheckScreen to test it, but was not able to get a satisfactory picture. Amazon, very nicely replaced the unit, but the new one has exactly the same problems as the old.First, let me mention the good things about the monitor, because there are monitors out there that are worse than this one. Like the 17&quot; FE700, it has very bright, rich, and contrasting colors that are uniform across the entire screen. (The ViewSonic GS790 in comparison, has poor uniformity). Also, the packaging looks very nice and the on-screen controls are easy to use.However, there are some problems with the picture. There is a considerable amount of moire, which can't be gotten rid of with the moire adjustment. Moire is basically a pattern of vertical dark lines. This is especially visible on the hatched shut down screen in windows, or if you use a monitor test utility. There is a slight horizontal vibration in the picture which seems to be helped, but not completely cancelled by the moire adjustments. There is slight misconvergence in the red, green and blue beams. Possibly due to the misconvergence, in the area within 2&quot; from each edge of the screen, the picture is blurry while in the center it is very sharp. Lowering brightness and contrast does seem to help a bit.If you use this monitor for playing games and watching DVDs, you will probably not be bothered by any of the blurryness, but if you spend a lot of time each day looking at text, I would reccomend getting another monitor. If you do a lot of tweaking, you might end up happy with the monitor, but there are definitely beter ones out there. I sent back the second FE950 and exchanged it with the Sony E400 which has a much clearer picture and is good in every other respect....Sincerely, Ilya Rosenberg
I purchased this plasma display after my Phillips FlatScreen fell off the  ceiling.  The resolution is comparable to most high-definition  entertainment systems, but you're obviously buying this for the kitchyness  of owning a 42&quot; &quot;plasma&quot; something.  I would certainly wait  for this technology to advance a couple of years before dropping this  amount of cash.
I know many people take a look at the hardware specifications and automatically think the PS 2 tops the Dreamcast. Well the truth is as follows:The PS 2 does have a CPU capable of processing upto 12 million polygons a/sec, while the Dreamcast is able to process up to 6 million polygons a/sec. But the difference is that the PS 2 has a preset 4mb of video ram while the Dreamcast has 16mb which it can allocate to video ram as necessary.Why is that a problem you ask? Well 5 million Polygons will take up 3.3 megs of VRAM + 1.2 megs to display the data + the textures to place onto the polygons. In the end, the PS 2 is barely able to produce 3 million polygons a/sec and its' peak polygon game is Madden 2001. The dreamcast on the other hand, is able to process as much as 6 million polygons a sec. Ofcourse, Sony has found a way around this by updating the cache two times a sec, tying the Dreamcast at 5 to 6 Polygons /asec.Then, we get to the point of graphic quality. The textures the PS 2 creates flow directly though the console without being compressed, which only gives you about 10 megs of textures. Sega, on the other hand can only transfer 5 megs of compresses textures, which later extract to show as much as 25 or 30 megs of textures.Overall, both the PS 2 and the DC produce the same peak Polygon rate, but the Dreamcast has all most 3 times the texture capacity of the PS 2. Condering the PS2 costs 3 times as much and produces textures 3 times worse than the Dreamcast, it is a shame to Sony and a huge disappointment...All the information is perfectly legitimate and was created using non-biased reviews and actual specs from the manufacturers websites.
I couldnt believe the hype it was almost too good to be true.  I read most of the reviews here and decided to splurge for a Playstation 2.  I found it odd how at most local retailers and on-line retailers required you to buy bundle packs and additional accessories.  I decided to get it anyways, although my wallet thought otherwise.The Playstation 2 has a nice sleek design, the additional add-ons and stuff like being able to play DVD movies make it nice, the games are nice, the controllers are the same, but nice, the picture quality is nice.  If you can't see a pattern here...I'll explain it: The Playstation 2, while a good console, just isnt what it could be.I was expecting another form of a god, since this was from one of the leaders in entertainment, Sony.  What I got was; very very slow load times.  Graphics were nice, but you can't expect much from first generation games, but they could've easily been better. I noticed there is no support  for my 16:9 widescreen HDTV. The Playstation2 is very very delicate, if you walk near it or if the bass is too loud the game/movie will skip and possibly scratch a disc(i've returned a couple discs already).  Audio is not crisp and clear, that could also be the fact of the first generation games. The controllers have no new features. There is no broadband adapter built in and no hard drive as well.The list goes on, you maybe saying I'm expecting too much or being picky with details.  But the way I see it, for 450$, I should be expecting everything and so much more.  I am not dissing the machine, all I'm saying is its only worth 149$ max. So far I mainly use it to play old ps1 games and DVD movies...as far as gaming and new features has gone, I'm not too impressed.Anyways, if this keeps up, in about a week or so I'm gonna return it.  That way I wont have to save up for the Xbox.
Everything about this laptop probably works great as it was intended to (e.g., MS Office, web browsing).However, I had a problem with DVD playback--the playback was stuttering. After researching on the web, I disabled the ACPI--the video card and sound card were sharing the same ICQs, and it worked fine.And then when I play Wolfenstein, the game would hard freeze (I have to hard reboot to regain control of the laptop) randomly every 5 - 20 minutes into the game.The same thing happens with Everquest (Luclin) as well. But, at least I get the play the game a little bit longer--20 - 45 minutes in the game it would freeze the same way.  I have tried everything. The game was barely playable before I disable the ACPI. But, by disabling it, it will play for a while and crashes.I tried putting Win2k on it--hoping that it was some driver issue I was facing, but suffer the same fate. May be I have a defective machine or something.I don't know if I should bother contact the COMPAQ Technical support.
I live in Japan and I decided to buy a Japanese computer.  I went to the local computer store and bought a VAIO notebook.  The first night I got it I had problems.  It froze often.  I really didnt think much of it.  It also would say &quot;not enough memory.....&quot;  I bought more memory and it said the same thing.  I would have to turn it off then back on.  Sometimes it wont turn off.  Then, files started to disapear until it could even boot up.  I sent it off to sony to get fixed, but when it came back it was still messed up.My friend in college told me never buy a Sony computer I should have listened.  He had a Sony and had problems with it.  Sonys are eye candy for PCs.  Buy an America comptuer.
Got one for X-mas - the computer ran great, hooked it up to the Internet via cable - and it didn't work.  At first I thought it was my provider, however, when told to 'ping' to the IP address that was the default for the card, it wasn't communicating. So that one went back with a faulty Ethernet card.  The second one (to replace the first) was reluctant to connect to the Internet and would take exactly 30 minutes.  After hours and hours on the phone with my provider concluded that it wasn't their system, I called Sony AGAIN, only to be on hold AGAIN for 45 minutes waiting for someone to answer the phone.  The &quot;gentleman&quot; that I spoke to immediately told me that he couldn't help, it was the provider's issue- . This was the diagnosis without even listening to the whole problem's history- and I disagreed. So we spent and hour on the phone trying different things - only to get nowhere.  He told me he was going to put me though to an expert and I was AGAIN on hold for over an hour after which time, the line disconnected and I was forced to try to call again.  Every time I called and went through the whole menu, the line was busy. I returned that computer too.  I have no need to ever waste my time again on a company that would lose business due to poor customer relations.  If the theory were to hook a customer in with well-equipped and priced merchandise and then badger and frustrate you if there is a problem with it - wouldn't you think that they would lose many future repeat buyer sales?  Well I'm one. I'll never buy Sony again.
A machine geared for broadband and graphic capabilities like this should definitely be configured with top of the line memory-Rambus RDRAM or at least DDR, not old technology SDRAM. This will cause a bottleneck in performance and the decision to use SDRAM is very disappointing.
Lockups are being reported on every board on the internet.  The other problem is with the plastic cases.  The plastic cracks around the hinges making the display unstable.  Compaq has discontinued the parts.
I bought my iMac just a few months ago with the expectation that I would get a few good years of use out of it.  Instead with the very first game I installed (Warcraft Reign Of Chaos) I found I couldn't run it a the top quality settings.  Oh the game will run, but I found the best I could get out of Allied Assault was vastly inferior to what my friends could get out of their PCs.  It was embarrasing.  It appears that the problem is not the CPU speed, but the graphics.  This iMac comes with built in nVIDIA GeForce2 MX video card.  This card does not support all of the latest video standard.  To get that you have to get a computer with a new ATI or nVIDIA graphics cards.  Apple sells systems like this, but they cost twice as much as this computer.  Now the insulting part is that the new graphics cards only cost about fifty bucks more!  Apple could easily put better graphics in this iMac, but then it would be as good it's more expensive offerings.  Other than that I have enjoyed my system.  I find it works great for ripping MP3s and surfing the web.  It just burns me up that the day it arrived at my house it was unable to run at least one new game at the top settings.  Was that too much to ask?  Now I just have years of even worse gaming performance to look forward too.
Toshiba had a good idea with this notebook, but they have some poor design flaws that really hold it back.  First off it has a terrible overheating problem that one user mentioned before, I am in the process of getting a refund.  It wont affect you till after about 3 weeks, then it will all break loose.  This notebook as a Pentium III, DESKTOP CPU, no no NOT a MOBILE, a DESKTOP, so of course, it heats up and causes problems.  It also eats battery like there is no tomorrow.  At first I was amazed, but after time, it began to have more and more problems.  Check out the toshiba support forum before you buy it.  I am going to get the 5105-s607 to replace it.  No one has reported problems with it yet.. Good Luck
Wow,For this much money you could buy two better quality Sony flat panels and two dual P4 or Athlon systems and have change left over for software.  And they would be faster!  Give me a break, Apple needs to join the real world.  This is why I gave up on Macs - Apple just wants to rake in the cash.  They are as bad a monopoly as Microsoft - no competiton so they charge a bundle and deliver poor performance.
Picked it up about a year ago, and it worked ok.  However, when upgraded memory with PNY pc2100 512mb x 2 dimms, the computer has random lockups, video degradation and just generally unstable performance. Freezes playing dvd - and before that has a lot of random horizontal lines going all over the screen, spontaneously reboots while downloading from the internet via the network connection.Memory has been tested and is known good. Motherboard and hard drive were replaced at an authorized facility and still the same results. I think it's the MSI's realization of NForce chipset, and I may be SOL. Definitely annoying and unworkable.Support is difficult to get and wastes a lot of your time before getting you permission to ship to a repair facility. So, stay away :)
This laptop runs very hot, I'm afraid the casewill melt. Speed is ok, comparable to an 800MHzPentium machine. Battery life is below 2 hours.
It has been my experience that it isn't likely you have a good, reliable computer when, about four months or so after you purchase it, you have to re-boot and re-load all the system software back onto it.  HP products have been the bane of my academic existence so far --- for who knows when it might seize up on you?  You might be having an important conversation on IM or trying to submit an online homework or, goodness forbid, you may be near the end of writing your dissertation/thesis/presentation and were about to save it, but were too late...To conclude, there are plenty of other brands out there that are more reliable.  IBM has good, solid computers and hardy printers.  HP is the 'Playskool' of the computer world -- meant for toys, not for work.
Though this base station is the easiest to set up, configure, and administer, it is by far the worst in range. At only 150 feet, it pales next to its competitors that are nearly half the price.  Netgear and Macsense both make wireless routers that do more, also have built-in modems, have double, even triple the range, and provide more WAN ports (usually 4, some even have 8) for printers and other items on your network. Don't be fooled by its lovely design. This base station needs either a new antenna or a new price, like about a buck for every foot in its limited range.
Worst laptop I've ever owned.  Runs too hot to put on your lap, shuts down daily (hard freeze), CD/DVD too noisy to comfortably watch DVDs, AC connector broken twice, have had to pay $600 in repairs, HP wouldn't honor warranty.  It's a heavy desktop replacement, but can't replace a desktop. Video drivers have never worked right, continuous crashing on video drivers or modem (even when not using).  Memory parity erors.  I would rather revert to pen and paper than to ever again own an HP laptop.  Total piece of crap.  A total lemon, and HP should be ashamed.
Nice screen, but that is about it.Runs very hot.  Fan is very loud.  Machine is unable to accomplish any difficult task without kicking fan up to hair dryer speed.  DVDs can't be enjoyed because of the very loud fan noise.Case scratches and dents easily.  Mine never leaves the house, and looks [horrible].  The paint is pealing off.  The screen touches the keyboard when closed and picks up finger grease from keyboard.  The edges of the base are sharp and cut into wrists, limiting circulation.  Extended typing is impossible.  No provision to adjust processor speed.  No provision to prevent hard disk from running.  MS Explorer is incapable of surfing without running HDD.  Machine is fragile.  Seems like designers were bent on 1" design target, and forgot about durability/comfort.Included OSX has awful user interface and few features.  Luckily OS 9 also runs on this platform.  Wide screen iBook is better choice if you don't need true dual display support.
I am not a happy camper.  Half the software I want won't run on this thing, and the rest runs like cold ketchup: slow, slow, slow!  Skip, don't pass go, and don't waste your money.  Think you better buy something different.
I really enjoy my iBook when it works.  I not very computer savy and it is perfect for a novice like me.  My main complaint is that I have had to send it back twice for repairs.  The first time the screen died.  I mean just died.  I turned it on, heard a pop, and that was it.  Sending it back wasn't much trouble, but by the time I got it back about three weeks had passed.  Then it stop booting and made a funny grinding noise.  They sent me a new hard drive (quickly this time) but that didn't do the trick.  I just sent the whole thing back and I haven't got it back yet.  So I love it, but I really wish it was more reliable.
The rating of the product may be slightly paradoxical to the comment review I write to you out there but I have to be honest and bear all. The ibook is a superb bit of equipment. The display and handling, though diametrically opposed to the PC, is quite user friendly. I only have the ibook in my hands approximately 4 weeks and have not explored all the stuff it has to offer. I have no doubt that it would have provided me with much pleasure and interest for a good while to come... but there is a but.This is the dilemma with which I'm faced. I need a refund or quick resale on this computer to purchase a notebook that uses the windows operating system. Reason being is that everything I have had to interface with in Jamaica uses the windows platform. Anywhere I go...at a conferences and in the working environment I find myself struggling to keep up with the pace of the windows environment. If I'm trying to get my ibook to open files sent to my inbox saved in 'MS word' format I can't open it; if I am trying to view PPT it just won't work; if I am trying to browse with apple's explorer I won't be able to open files or attachments not formatted for apple's OS... I think at this point you are beginning to get the picture.The Apple ibook is like a peice of expensive handcraft in a glass showcase that can't be used for anything in my situation except for public viewing and not for hardcore business usage. Take me back to the mundane and the ordinary until everybody catches up! I need a refund or replacement for a Dell or Sony or something like that! I am most miserable... HELP!
I finally got one which is not easy in Hungary where nobody uses Apple.  I would have to say that it is very cheaply made next to HP or Dell.  I dont like Windows too much and I thought I would like Apple better however they are almost exactly the same.  Next time I will just buy a cheap machine and put Linux on it.
I bought this while trying to &quot;switch&quot; from my Dell laptop. I was woefully disappointed. The machine is painfully slow...slow...slow. Moreover, the construction is rather flimsy. I'm hoping the Powerbook will be a better fit. On the other hand, it is super-light, but at tremendous cost!
I have this one, and have read the reviews of the similar models, where people state they have all sorts of problems. My went back twice after repeated failures and reloading of the operating stytem until, both times, the thing couldn't even make it through the bios routine and had to go in for service. The second time, after I became Their Worst Nightmare, the motherboard was replaced. Now I think it's fine, but I wouldn't buy it or a similar Compaq again.Even this one was an overheater, until yesterday, when I checked the CPU usage stats (control-alt-del, then the process tab) and discovered that the program for Net Waiting--moh.exe--takes up ALL the unused processor time ALL the time. As soon as I shut it down the fan went off. Now when it does come on, it's only half-speed and no longer blows my coffee cup off the table. So much for Net Waiting!
My Toshiba Satellite lasted a little over a year before hardware began to fail (&quot;blue screen of death&quot;, CDR/W would no longer write, etc).  Fortunately, the system came with system recovery disks (Symantic Ghost), but having to ghost the hard drive three times in the last two months seemed impractical.  Device drivers are non-existant and Toshiba online support is pathetic - a constant, mindnumbing circle of useless websites.Definitely my last Toshiba... and this one is soon to be scrapped.
I'm a magazine and book writer in the computer field and I needed a lap top to take with me on business trips and to do demonstrations of Virtual Human technology.  I did my research and this looked like the baby I wanted.  I was wrong! The performance is astoundingly slow for it's CPU and memory.  The hard drive is rediculously loud and worst of all is that, shockingly, Sony has the worst attitude towards customer service of any company I've delt with in years.  To top it off they never sent the [money] coupon refund that I qualified for. They also won't give you that 1 year waranty unless you read the fine print and register within 30 days!!! Try a Toshiba instead.
Bought the 5105-s701 in aug. 2002, it broke down soon afterwards while I was working in Europe.Toshiba service providers in Europe wouldn't service it, claimed the warranty was not valid in Europe although the warranty booklet that came with the machine clearly states that the warranty is 'valid in the US and overseas when you travel'.Toshiba warranty center said it's warranty was valid worldwide but that was about all they could do. They couldn't contact the European service provider to sort this out and I tried repeatedly to reach Customer relations at Toshiba HQ but my calls were not returned and emails and letters through regular mail were not answered. Ended up paying for the repairs myself and all further attempts to get it clarified from Toshiba where this warranty is valid have also not been answered.I'm very dissapointed in this support I got from Toshiba andit will certainly keep me from buying Toshiba products in the future.
I have had this device for a few weeks and I am returning it ASAP!  I bought it to capture old training videos for work and found that the audio and video are out of synch too many times to make it work messing with.  I had such high hopes for this, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is interested in taking videos from VHS to DVD without the use of some video editing software.  I spent hours correcting the video and audio synch problems in Premiere!
I purchased the Bungee DVD unit and returned it about a week later.  The unit is supposed to record from your TV or other input (a Tivo, in my case) and convert it to MPG2 format.  Despite the slow channel selection and incredibly buggy software, I did manage to get it to record both DVD and SVCD quality MPG2 video to my computer.  However, I was unsuccessful in running the DVD burning software they provided, and the MPG encoding was of a very poor quality, even at the highest bitrates.  I was then unable to take the Pinnacle format MPG2 and convert it using another program to burn to DVD -- there is something non-standard about their MPG2 format that TMPG and SpruceUp don't like. I tried all of the tricks on the Pinnacle bulletin boards (believe me, I'm not the only one who's had these problems...) to no avail.I never even bothered with the time-shifting software included with the product -- it has no program guide data and changing channels was unbearably slow.  Oh, and I already have a TIVO...I was just using this to archive saved material from the TIVO to DVD.
I bought this laptop in Sept of 2002. It worked great for the first six months - then the problems started. First, the screen flicker (which is resolved by pushing on the cord that connects the screen to the unit, but it's a stopgap measure that only works for 1-2 days before you have to do it again). In late January, the laptop powered settings virtually destroyed the system - HP tech support's only resolution was to do a system restore. Because the disks are ONLY system restore, and not an actual copy of XP, I couldn't reinstall (which would've solved the problem). I lost everything since my previous backup - 3 weeks of e-mail and documents.Lately, the fan has started to become noisy and the DVD drive spins when a disk is in, regardless of whether or not I'm accessing the drive. No disk, no spin, but if a disk is in, it'll spin for no reason.HP's solution is for me to pack it up and ship it to them, leaving me without my laptop for 6 weeks.
I purchased the ze5170, because the price was lower than other competing brands for its spec. Usually Sony or Dell would be much more expensive for the same spec. The problem I found with this computer is that, it is a heavy notebook (not recommended for mobile users) Also screen is actually smaller than listed 15.1" (i don't know why...) Other laptops have fans in the BACK, not on the side. This makes the computer very noisy, since it's coming out right next your hands. The inputs in the back are not sufficiently done, as it's just displayed in the back without a cover (if users don't use ports as much, it will have dust on it. And if you care about the design, it is horrible because, it has bright yellow, blue, pink colors.)One interesting thing I found out about laptops is that, HP's 2.0 GHz, 40GB, 516 RAM is actually WORSE than Sony's or Dell's 1.6 GHz, 30GB, 258 RAM.There is a reason why Dell is toping the charts in laptop categories. I don't remember the model names but 4150, 8200, i think? buy those. I have a roommate who got that, and i love it more than mine.
OK notebook, had to be sent to hp for repair on soundboard and harddrive.  It took HP almost 1 year to send my laptop back fixed, but with parts missing.  The store, CompUSA kept a record of the parts sent to them too and confirmed that the battery never came back.  The HP support team "supervisor" denied and yelled and made threats as a response, so the CompUSA manager just gave up and bought me a new battery since I also had their store's extended warranty.  Couple months later, my harddrive is now clicking and I got the error prediction that I need to replace my harddrive.  Could it be that HP gave me a refurbished harddrive?  I guess I'll never know.  Overall this notebook is good in terms of power and speed.  I've watched DVD movies on it and played 3D PC Games.  The laptop does get a bit hot due to it's desktop pentium 4 processor, but there are numerous fans to cool it.  The battery also drains quickly, about an hour or so depending on what you're doing.  I'd recommend this notebook for speed and price, but don't count on it lasting too long.  Also, send to HP for repair as the very last resort, or you might not even see your laptop for months or even in one piece if it makes it back.
Nothing but trouble. It never worked from the day I got it. Had it repaired, 6 months later hard drive is clicking and fans not working. Lost hard drive. HP says ship it back. I said - it's under warranty right, you fixed it 6 months ago. She says no it is not under warranty. Repair is warrantied for 90 days. &quot;90 days???&quot; I said. &quot;Well, there is obviously a REASON&quot; you won't warranty your products or repair for more than 90 days.Isn't there?
There is nothing on this computer that isn't 2 years old.800 MHZ G4.  Not exactly a state of the art cpu.256 MB of 133 MHZ SDRAM, man when is Apple going to finally move over to at least 266MHZ DDR SDRAM?  Most PCs are using memory 2-5 times faster than this!Geforce 4 MX as someone already mentioned this is just an ancient Geforce2 with a shiny new name.In fact I just checked and the cheapest (new) PCs on Amazon, the ones that cost less than five hundred, have newer, faster components than this!  I've been waiting to upgrade my Mac for two years now so I could switch to OS X.  I am begining to think my next computer isn't going to be an Apple.
i really dont care what the heck it does, for 32,000, it must do dang near everything. it only stores data?!?!? i would pay $1000 dollars AT THE MOST for something like that. im sorry, waaaay to much.
This model is [not very good] for a Mac, and alas, you get what you pay for.  It feels slow and the lack of expansion is already proving a headache for me.  I also don't like the design.  If I were to pay for a computer myself, I'd stick with a Windows PC for better performance, wider software selection, and better tech support -- all for a lower price.
Ordered and received a Compaq Evo N600C refurbished computer.  The computer came with a 30 day warranty and was rated to be in very good condition.  Initially, I was sent a faulty cord and had to go buy a universal adapter cord to keep the unit running until a replacement cord could be sent out.  The vendor did respond quickly and the other cord showed up within a few days.  The second issue I experienced was a cooling fan that did not function properly and required fixing.  The good old Geeks at Best Buy charged me an arm and half a leg to fix this and to do the diagnosis and optimization.  Set me back a bit.  Six months after I received the laptop and after I'd set it up with various software, photos, etc., the hard drive failed and to put it back into working order it would be another $150 if I had data recovery as part of the package.I contacted the seller and explained what happened and asked if he could provide some relief on this and was told that "it's past your 30 days buddy".  After an exchange of emails, he said he might be able to sell me an extra hard drive and to give him a call.  Understanding that I'd still be dealing with data recovery cost, I dropped it.My inexpensive laptop that I purchased for $260 (+/-) cost me $65 for the power adapter.  $70 for wireless network and configuration.  $150 for fixing the fan and doing the diagnostic, optimizing the computer, etc. and now to make it work would require another $150.Looking back, I'd absolutely suggest you buy a new laptop with warranty and correct configuration.  At least you'd have one that worked right now.Marc Rasmussen
I'm sorry, but when you look at these sorts of specs, you expect the best of the best.  So when I bring home a computer that runs 2.4 GIG on its processor, I expect it to run faster than my old 660 MHZ presario from 4 years ago.  Not only is this not the case, but there are some systems that actually run SLOWER on my new machine than on my 4 year old computer!!!I think part of this problem is due to the abysmal Intel graphics chip that is forced on every consumer of almost every computer you buy today.  Vaunted as an excellent chipset, it has no hardware texture and lighting support, and their site says not to expect it anytime soon.  The graphics look GOOD, very good...but try to turn a character around 360 degrees in 3d max with it.  It will run like a 486.That's just not acceptable for a system that otherwise has the capabilities to do whatever you want.  Power should be in all components of the computer, and it's pretty obvious where compaq skimped to make this system affordable to the consumer.
This computer is nicely loaded except for one thing: the graphics.  This system comes with a "Radeon" based chipset which is very out of date.  HP is in the process of updating their laptop lines, and on all the older HP models like this you are stuck with the ATI MOBILITY RADEON chipset.Oddly for much less money you can buy their newer Pavilion xt125 which has the ATI MOBILITY RADEON 7500C which (according to ATI) is 2.5x faster than the MOBILITY RADEON.  It also has faster, cooler DDRAM (though only offered at 256M, you can upgrade to 512M and still spend less) and a 1.6GHz P4 class mobile Celeron which runs cooler and uses less power than a 1.4GHz Athlon and pretty much equals is on the benchmarks.Frankly I think the HP Pavilion xt125 is the best deal going right now on Amazon.  I'm sure HP will be correcting this soon by rolling out new version of their other machines with updated grapic chipsets, but in the meantime I suggest you go for the better machine at the cheaper price.
This was the HP laptop that was supposed to be the end all to be-all.  It tries hard- three USB ports (alas, not USB 2.0) Firewire 1394 for video camera connections, DVD player, Altec Lansing speakers, "quick function" buttons, Windows XP Home, etc.Alas, this unit is extremely heat challenged.  It is equipped with TWO internal fan units, and after about an hour of solid use, the second fan will be screaming... only to evntually result in the inevitable BSOD.While XP home was much improved over the WindowsME OS that was inhabiting earlier HP model ranges, this is the first notebook- HP or otherwise- that I have ever owned that consistently and routinely offered up a BSOD- at least once a day.  OS reloads, BIOS upgrades, you name it... no improvement.The battery life is terrible, at just under 2 hours.I do owe this unit some measure of thanks.  The inconsistent performance eventually led me to purchase the first of three Mac's....If you can find this unit for cheap, buy it.  Otherwise, pass.  Low end models from Toshiba are probably a better bet.
After going through two Compaq 700 series computers, both of which were returned to Compaq, I've finally gotten a high quality systemThe screen is bright and clear, the hard drive & floppy drive have worked flawlessly, and the rewriteable CD-Rom/DVD has been awesome. The DVD player has been great and with a lightning fast 2.4 GHz processor the video playback has been awesome!The keyboard is very responsive and the trackpad with scroll feature makes it real easy to go back and forth through documents.All in all it's been a really nice system and I highly recommend it over Sony or Compaq. The Compaq line needs some work in the area of reliability and the Sony line was a bit slower in processing from my test studies. I spent a lot of time online and at Best Buy before I bought this system.(Written 2/16/03)Now that I've had this sytem for a few months, and the repair shop has had it for at least two months, I can give a more detailed review.The system worked flawlessly for about three weeks, and then it began to get real finiky when I used buttons below the touch pad, most specifically the left button.  It would have to be pressed several times or at least once real hard to get it to work.  So I took it back to Best buy and they sent it back to hp.They kept it close to three weeks and returned it to me, with more problems than when I sent it out for repair.  Upon return the mute button failed to operate and the button above the touchpad worked only if hit hard.  To top it off the button below the touchpad never was fixed and it still had a problem, and now it stuck even more.  So I returned it to Best Buy and they sent it to HP and now I have no idea who has it!I'm still waiting for the laptop to return from the shop and if it still has problems when it returns I'm sending it back staying clear of any and all Compaq/Hp computers.  Hp may make a decent printer, but their computers sure need some serious work!  Buy a Dell or Gateway if you wish.  My new Dell laptop has had no problems!
The RX860 and RX850 are the two latest desktops in Sony's "digital studio" lineup.  The RX860 actually has a 2A GHz CPU, which coupled with the 533MHz frontside bus, is marketed as a 2.4 GHz machine.  A marketing ploy?  Misleading claim (and worthy of a class action suit)?Of course, I doubt a real-world user would actually notice the speed difference, esp. since this machine is under-powered compared to similar offerings from competitors such as Gateway and Dell.  Sure, it has USB 2 and IEEE 1394 ports, but the 80GB (1GB=1000MB) hard disk feels slow and sounds noisy at times.  The video as shipped is built-in and uses memory shared from the main RAM (up to 64MB).  There is one AGP slot, but only 3 PCI slots, one of which is already taken up by the modem.  The CD-RW part of the DVD-RW/CD-RW drive is only 8/4/24, excruciatingly slow compared to today's common 20-24/8-16/40-48 drives that cost no more than $[money] (internal versions).In short, this is a solid machine for home users, and it does have a few nice multimedia features such as Sony's own "Click to DVD" DVD-authoring software.  Having owned 6 Sony computers (not all by choice, though), I don't have much high esteem for their software.  And this computer comes with Wordperfect suite... a total joke.  I recommend you take a look at solid offerings from Dell, Gateway and also HP before you decide.
When I saw this system I was impressed and took it home the next day. What a dissappointment when I played a music CD in the CD drive. The sound was popping like crazy - completely unlistenable.I figured all I needed to do was &quot;pop&quot; back to the store for an exchange... but not so easy! The store checked out the remining model in stock. The CD player sounded fine and I was almost on my way. Then I asked for the DVD to be checked (with my music CD). Would you believe it? that had the popping sounds. They told me three more were on the truck that night so I came back the following day. The first one to be tried really exceled - It was popping away on both optical drives.At this point the store would not open any more cartons (presumably they needed some to sell to other customers) saying they are probably all bad - perhaps a factory batch issue.I needed a new PC so I bought a slightly inferior, older model and left very dissappointed.Note that I had tried downloading all the available software patches, with no success (even though one of them was advertised as &quot;corrects audio popping&quot;). How can Sony with their great name in electronics, let their production line churn out a continuous slew of bad machines? What happened to Quality Control? Do they not test these things any more?My previous PC was also a Sony VAIO and that is giving me problems with the firewire which nolonger uploads video from my Sony PC100 DVC. You might think I had learned my lesson but no... I still bought a Sony VAIO. However, they are now on their &quot;last chance&quot; with me!
My friend has this laptop because when I got the 1955-S803 he got this 5205-S703. You have to be an owner to realize how good the 1955-S803 really is. This only has a 15" monitor while the 16" really helps out when computing around the web or playing a game on the nVIDIA Graphics with 64 MB. 60GB is very good especially for a 2002 notebook PC. Battery life sucks so badly because I've had it for 2 years and now for some reason the battery only lasts for like 45 minutes! This notebook does have okay battery life. This also has a DVD-Burner which doesn't exsist in the 1955-S803. Both have Windows XP Home Edition. Both are Pentium 4 but the 1955-S803 has a P4 2.49 GHz Processor (It does have WiFi) while this has a P4 2.0 GHz Mobile Processor. This also is lighter weight at about 8 pounds and the 1955-S803 is about 10 pounds. I really love my Toshiba 1955-S803 but if you want this I really don't care.
Well, I am hoping that my experience is just one of those things. I did a lot of research and asked a lot of questions before purchasing my first notebook. Toshiba was recommended 5 to 1. However, after spending less than 4 hours on my notebook, and while writing a MAJOR grant for our non-profit agency, the Toshiba Satellite 1905-S303 failed me. The CD-ROM/DVD-ROM stopped working. Actually, the system no longer recognized it. Then, after spending over a hour on the phone with service, I started getting fatal errors. Now, I either have to send the item in or take it to a local authorized dealer...which, will have to wait until January, since the repair shop is too busy! I will give it one more chance and then it may be back to the drawing board. So, for now it is back to my 4 year-old desktop computer, which keeps on ticking...just like Timex!  Update on the problem...the machine was poorly built! The soldering job was horrible and caused the machine to short(internally) and literally frying the guts of the machine.  I was told I was lucky I didn't have a fire.  I am having this re-built by an authorized dealer, rather than replacing with a new machine.  If I received a replacement from Amazon or Toshiba, I could end up with the same problems.  Hopefully I will be back on line with a "new" machine soon.
Don't get me wrong, I love this computer.  But, as a law student, I need a computer that will work OR if it needs maintenance will not require me to pay in blood.  I got neither in this computer.  Since getting it, I have had to fix quite a few major things (battery, AC adaptor)--these repairs could have been several hundred (thank goodness for the extended warranty).  Now, two years after purchase, it will not work.  My system board has apparently failed because the half inch metal tongue in the ac adaptor computer port has broken.  This has killed my entire computer.  And, it will cost over one thousand dollars to fix.  To add insult to injury, I find that this is one of the most common problems with the toshiba laptop.  ANd the part will break off with regular wear and tear.  Why would they build a computer with this obvious defect you may ask??  The answer is obvious--now I have to buy another computer, or pay them 1k to fix mine.  IF I do buy another one, it will NOT be a Toshiba.  Think about it before you buy this computer.  Maybe you can afford constant repairs of this type, but I can not.
This is a stupid laptop I bought 3 years ago and now it is completely dead. I bought online so I did not see the real item before purchase.-heavy, 8.3lb. few laptop can get this level.-stupid design. all-in-one. i guess only the CPU is dead but bestbuy told me I can not replace just CPU because all components are intergrated-overheat. the fan runs always when you use even only IE is running. before it became dead, it shut down automatically due to overheat for at least 1 year. and I just recently bought a cooling fan for it.-short battery life. the battery life can be ignored. you can not finish a simple work without A/C power. I think less than 30 min. But you have to carry the huge stupid battery with you even if you do not use it because the laptop can not stand evenlly without the battery due to the stupid design (the battery stands for a corner)-bad quality. I bought it just 3 years ago and now I have to trash it. bestbuy told me it will cost me hudreds of dollar to replace a component because of all-in-one design. But now hundres of $ can buy a new eqaul laptop-also, I think the memory is not 512M, it is 256M. I took out the memory from the dead computer, it is 32*8=256M DDR. I am not sure if DDR means double 256*2?... .... too much to claim about this stupid laptop. anyway, I trashed $1470.
I have owned this scanner many years. It still does high quality images and beautiful 3D scans, but it won't work with my new HP (!) Windows 7 computer. HP has abandoned it. HP is not providing the needed drivers for Vista or Windows 7. Spend quite a few hours looking for a workaround with no success.Another issue is that its power supply has a tendency to fail (I have seen a half dozen posters report power failures). My power supply failed a couple of years ago too. I now run it with a lab +12V supply.
This device is really just a table PC with some extra software and a USB transmitter.  It looks nice and has reasonable ergonomics, but it only makes sense under the following conditions:1) You only have one computer2) You have no intention of setting up a wireless network3) You use Windows XPThe biggest problem with this device is that it costs more than many laptop computers.  It's not hard to find new laptops that cost less then [$$$] , and it's quite easy to pick up a used laptop for much less than this.  You can do more with a laptop on a wireless network than you can do with this device, and it's cheaper.If you have two or more computers in your home now and you have a broadband connection, then you either already have a LAN set up with a DSL or Cable router.  You can replace that unit with a wireless version for [$$$].  Wireless routers typically have 4 wired ports on the back, so you can just plug your existing computers into the back (meaning you don't have to purchase wireless ethernet cards for your old machines).  Then you pick up a laptop for [$$$], and buy a wireless ethernet card for it for [$$$].So, throw in some shipping, and you're up to [$$$].  That's still [$$$] cheaper than the AirPanel, and what you have is actually better in many ways.Even if you only have one computer right now, this approach is still better, because now you have a network that's expandable.  Lets say you get a third computer later on.  Bam, just connect it to your router (either wirelessly or with wires, your choice).  No fuss, it just works.  That won't work with the AirPanel tranceiver.Consider public hotspots also.  The AirPanel won't work with them because it's looking for a direct connection to one machine.  But the laptop with wireless ethernet card will work with public hotspots.If you already have a wireless router, the economics become even more compelling.  Now the cost is more like [$$$] for a superior setup.Then there's the fact that the AirPanel only works with Windows XP.  That leaves all other flavors of Windows out of the picture (98, 2000, NT, etc.).  It also means you can't use this with your Mac or your Linux box.  That's pretty limiting.A lot of people don't want to use XP because of the "activation" issue, as well as the other forms of spyware embedded in Windows XP.  Personally I wouldn't touch XP with a 100 meter cattle prod.There's really no excuse for this product only working with XP. It should just plug-n-play friendly on any 802.11b network that presents itself.  The XP limitation is a symptom of bad design that makes me wonder what other corners they might have cut on this product.I could go on, but the bottom line is that a laptop with a wireless ethernet card is cheaper than the AirPanel, it's more flexible (it does more things under a wider range of circumstances), and doesn't require you to be running Windows XP.And that's why I say this product is not interesting.  It does less for more money.  Why would I want to do that???
When I first got this computer about two years ago, it seems like the perfect laptop for me. Powerful, plenty of hardrive space, all of my video games worked like a dream...wonderful! But after a year (one day past the manufacturer's warranty, to be exact), suddenly little annoyances popped up. First, two of the three USB ports stopped functioning. Then a few months later, the computer started powering off randomly--it got to the point to where I couldn't even get AC power, and when I did, the comp powered off with even the slightest movement (along with some sparks of electricity coming from inside). So delicate, I could sneeze and the comp would lose power. When I took it to be repaired, I found that the post which connects with the AC adapter had come apart and the entire motherboard needed to be replaced. It would have cost me upwards $700 to fix it, and there's no guarantee that it wouldn't happen again (so said the repair guy). No thanks. I'm buying a new one. From Sony. Toshiba computers have the total package: great memory, good battery life, powerful processor, everything you could want in a comp... But don't buy one unless you're expecting to replace it in two years or less, because the internal parts seem to be rather poorly manufactured. I paid $1500 for this computer, expecting it to last me through my college years. Instead, I end up buying another laptop only two years later after suffering numerous problems with the Toshiba one.
In general performance is OK.Touchpad mouse buttons have always been a bit flaky.  Sometimes pick up taps that never occurred. Not a huge problem but irritating.BIG PROBLEM - the AC adapter plugs on these machines are mounted on the motherboard itself.  They are notorious for getting loose.  Unless you can find someone willing to try precision soldering - it CANNOT BE REPAIRED.  Soldering is a problem because there is a high risk of overheating other components next to the power jack on the motherboard and making the board totally inoperable.  If you take one into any big name repair shop (e.g., CompUSA), the only repair they can offer is to replace the motherboard.  The price of JUST a new motherboard is at least $400.  Add the labor costs and you have now spent more than the machine is worth.If you are thinking of buying one of these used, I'd recommend against it.UPDATE ** UPDATEFound a place to repair the power connector on my motherboard.  Laptop Rescuer in Santa Clara, CA.  Works good as new.  Only cost $150.  Much cheaper than buying another laptop.
This would be an excellent desktop replacement notebook. The Satellite Pro 6100 series has serious design flaws and the mainboard and power system has to be replaced every now and then, most after 6 months of use. ......
I've owned the HP ZE1110 and have been overall very happy with the machine, but I was looking to upgrade to a faster machine with more capacity.  So, based solely on the specifications I decided to order a HP ZE5270.  My first impression of the laptop was how big, heavy and clumsy it felt compared to my older laptop.  All this increase in size and weight for only a 1" gain in screen size.It did have a nicer bios then my previous laptop, which allowed a lot of customization (you could allocate up to 128k to video memory), bios passwords for good security, and other features.  The boot speed seemed good and mechanically the machine seemed like a good performer, however; I did get a fatal error when I loaded a second wireless-networking card.Overall, I would have kept this machine but the video quality was terrible.  The screen was like a white glowing light bulb that bleached out all the black fonts on the screen.  I couldn't imagine spending hours in front of the screen without going partially blind.  You have to be perfectly perpendicular to the screen in order to maximize your visual experience, otherwise you will only see highlighted bright shadows.  I was so disappointed in the screen quality and resolution that I will NOT purchase another HP or Compaq laptop until they fix this serious problem.  I went to a local computer shop and verified my impressions with other related HP &amp; Compaq notebooks with the same display screen.  The results on the other Compaq's and HP's were the same.There were other disadvantages to having a Pentium 4 laptop with a 15&quot; screen: faster processor means quicker drain on the battery, lager screen is not a better experience when your close to the screen (plus drains battery too).  Overall, I would highly recommend to stay clear from the new HP's and Compaqs (consider a Toshiba or Sony) until they resolve the screen issues.
My HP ze5270 is my second HP...brand new one....in less than two months.  Did I mention this is my second new HP in less than two months?  I got this ze5270 to replace my ze4125 which I bought after Christmas.  Three days after getting the ze5270 computer, I received a fatal system error and all the pixels on my screen grew huge and the computer rebooted itself.  I then got two more system errors the next day for the Norton Antivirus.  I am unable to open certain webpages, the computer freezes up.  Being that this is my second HP in less than two months to fail, I would not recommend this product.  HP tech support folks try really hard to fix the problem but in my opinion, you shouldn't have fatal system errors in less than one week...and I did not agree with the tech support person that was helping me when she said a fatal system error was no big deal.  So today I am going to return this new computer and replace it with the Toshiba S255 which is getting rave reviews and hope I don't have this problem with that system.
We have a house full of Sony products - computers, monitors, TVs, DVDs, even an original Walkman that still works. I never thought twice about buying Sony notebooks, a PCG-GRZ610 for my wife the author, and a PCG-GRZ630 for my son going off to college. Now a little more than a year later both are having serious problems overheating. They shut down without warning after 30 - 60 minutes of work. Won't burn a CD without shutting down. It didn't take much time in the Amazon reviews to find out that MANY Sony users are having the same problems. Search for &quot;Sony shutdown problem&quot; in Google and see for yourself.Sony's support is terrible. Their phone rings in India. I'm OK with that, but the staff reads prepared text from their monitors and avoids all questions about overheating. Standard reply: &quot;Reinstall the factory software.&quot; Out-of-warranty phone &quot;support&quot; costs $20.Save yourself some frustration. Buy a Dell, Compaq, or Toshiba notebook untill you can verify that Sony has resolved this problem.
This is not the computer you think it is! It's a little demon, wrapped up in silver grey plastic with a friendly logo.Really, I should have read the amazon reviews BEFORE I bought this machine. I was blinded by my excitement of having my first laptop - a SONY, at that! I was moving on up in the world. Unfortunately, I wish I could've not moved at all. It has been nothing but horrible since day two. Day two? Yes, day one, it was perfect, like a child in its mother's eyes, it could do no wrong. Then, on day two, it overheated. The LCD hinge became loose. The IEEE 1394 port shorted out. Things just went wrong.I had the latter of the two issues fixed, but there was still the issue with overheating. No matter what I did, whenever I started to play a game (Unreal, Quake, etc), it would go black and die on me. I tried everything short of holding a bag of frozen vegetables with a towel underneath it to get it to let me play my games. After all, that's what I'd gotten it for! But eventually I found that even if I wasn't trying to play a game - just doing some work online, if I left the computer on for more than ten minutes on my desk, it would overheat and crap out. That was more than not good. Finally, after a few months, I broke down and purchased a cooling tray with dual fans, and that did the job. It let me run my computer for ages at a time without shutting down to cool off. It does drain battery power, though, but it's a trade off. That brings me to my next issue...The battery life on this thing is for the CRAP. On max battery power, I get an hour, MAYBE. It could be just that my system is running so hot even on the cooling profile it's taking up power, but it could just be that it's made of crap. I haven't figured out which! On normal activity, this battery will last possibly half an hour, if you're lucky. I suggest either buying a better battery, or not buying this computer.About a week AFTER my warrantee expired, I came upon an unfixable problem. If this is the sole reason you make your decision, it will be justifiable. This is the reason I do not want my computer anymore. The socket in which you plug the AC adapter into the computer has a short in it. At first, I thought it was my AC adapter, so I went off the edge and spend $60 on THAT. But it didn't solve the problem. I took it to two different computer repair shops and they both told me that the problem was of the motherboard malfunctioning type and that they wouldn't dare try to fix it, lest they make it not boot up AT ALL. No computer shop would touch this thing with a fifty foot pole. (PS: They said most sony models will have this problem eventually, so stick with sony stereos and DVD players, NOT computers!) I couldn't even send it back to Sony for a refund or repair!And yes, it's HEAVY. But I should have known about that. With all the accessories it takes to cool and supplement this computer, it just gained about five pounds. That is not cool. It's also loud, no matter what you do. I didn't really mind the noise because it was always drowned out by the sound of my four desktops, which always sound like they could fly off at any given moment. But in class, this is a miserable laptop to have.As sad as it is, my pride and joy was actually a POS. I can't stand to look at it anymore. I'm gonna scrap it on e-bay for parts or something, because as a computer, it's worth little more than the plastic bubble wrap it came with.
everything the other reviewers say here is true.  i bought my grz630 in march '03 and after about a year found the battery to last for only around 10mins before shutdown.  then the overheating which sometimes causes it to shutdown without warning, and sometimes 'simply' slows the machine down to the point of not being able to use it.  i would need lots of reassurances that sony have solved this problem before i bought another sony laptop.
this sony vaio bought a few years ago.  It's not used very much because of shutdown issues I just recently had to stick ice packs underneath and to keep swapping for cold ice packs to keep the laptop from overheating. I will never buy sony laptops again it's a real hassle.
I would like to let you read a letter which I just sent off to Sony via email on the corporation's website. Just so that you can understand the context of the letter better, I own a Vaio PCG GRZ 630 for about two years. I run it all the time on a cool box and did have some overheating problems. For day to day use, it is fine. But the advertising promised a video workhorse. If you want to know about this video workhorse you should read the letter below.  I found it astonishing, but it is true:"I purchased a sony Vaio  pcg f420 in 2000. It ran windows 98 with 192 Ram and about 400 MHz. This machine was made in Japan and I used it for three years and it was a pleasure, absolutely wonderful.Then I purchased the above noted machine, manufactured in China.Well, I have a one minute segment of a video from my Sony Handicam that I now wish to record on the Vaio Computer. I have tried two days ago, yesterday and today twice. The one minute segment makes the machine huff and puff and when I view the recording, there are moments when the speed of the movement in the video is too fast and when the speed is too slow. The sound is garbled in places.So I did a little experiment and I got out the 6 year old machine and sure enough transferred the segment with no problem, no huffing, no puffing, no segments too slow, no segments too fast, and no garbling of sound.You have sold a machine which you claimed ran a 2.2 GHrz (4 times faster than the old one) and it has 760 Ram (almost 4 times more ram). Yet it can't do even huffing and puffing on four attempts what the 6 old machine does NOW, 5 minutes ago, with no problem and no heartache the first time.What do you suggest?  I think you have sold me this time a poor product, which by the way, I operate already on a cool box to keep the heat down...And the one minute video I need to do, I have to go back and use the 6 year old machine.Just keep me this angry and disappointed. I purchased two vaios in six years, two Sony handicams, and a Sony digital camera. This computer is a piece of garbage, and this is putting it very politely. You should be ashamed that I have problems doing with a 2 year old machine that was advertised as a video workhorse, what I can doing with no problems on a six year old machine.
This laptop has it all, my only complain centers in overheating, after 5 minutes or less of full CPU usage, like full window videos or data processing it shuts itself down due to overheating, I read similar problems with this 2.4GHZ Vaios on the net and seems like a recurrent problem. On second place here in Peru you don't get any warranty from Sony Peru (and it really sucks) now I have to take it to the states to claim for warranty, besides this BIG problem everything else on the product it's ok.
The Sony Vaio RZ22G is a nice system - with lots of software - DVD-RW/+RW / lots of ports / just about everything you might need.  Except - hmmmm - the video software ... - Call Sony about a problem with it during the support period - and after an automated survey of questions - then someone that doesn't even know anything about the computer gets on the phone to help you - need I say more - you ask for a supervisor - they put an "expert" on the phone - and still nothing.  SONY HAS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!  If they did - with their nice machines - they would be good competition for the big guys - e.g. DELL -but - SONY HAS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
I have been very disappointed with my new Sony Vaio.  They advertise it as a media machine, however, it doesn't come with much of the software I needed.  i.e. There is no Audio Capture software. The CD/DVD burning software is limited as to the number of formats it will burn.However, most of my frustration has come from trying to get phone support from Sony.  After a few hundred questions from the automated phone attendant and 30-40 minutes on hold, their support people seem to be less than knowledgeable and very disinterested in helping.Bottom line:  Buy a Dell!
I bought this drive about 8 months ago, and today it is dead.  Though it had a good run, I would have expected more from it (especially for the price)  The drive almost never reached it's max speed of 52x, and the drive did produce many coasters (ruined cds).  The drive was also very picky about the kind of disk it liked to burn on, and would often come up with disk errors while closing a burned disk, or sometimes would not even start burning.  I have used this drive with Toast and iTunes, occasionally with successful results, though often with not.  Now it won't start burning, though my computer recognizes it, and it won't even read disks.  I have plugged it into other computers to double check (making sure it's not just my computer) and it simply would not start burning disks.  Avoid this one.  The two stars are for the 80-100 successful burns I had with this (at a cost of about 50-80 ruined disks).  Though now I don't think it will ever work again!
I am an NCO in the US Army and am currently deployed to Kosovo.  I purchased a Sony VAIO GRV670 notebook to write counseling's and awards for my soldiers; I also use it for recreational purposes, ie. games.  My computer was running great for just over a month before I encountered problems with my display while trying to run the same 3D games that I had been playing all along.  The problem got progressively worse as time went on.  I have contacted Sony in regards to the problem and have done practically everything to resolve the issue but to no avail.  Sony tells me that the computer is only guaranteed to run the software that comes with the computer and that they will do nothing for me.  To their benefit, none of their software requires 3D or is particularly demanding on the video card; therefore it runs their simple programs just fine.  So now I am stuck with a not completely functional computer, or rather, an overpriced word processor.
It functions well enough, but the break in the material where it loops back on itself is in plain sight (rather than behind the wall where it should be). It looks like I just bent up a thick coat hanger and slapped it on my cubical wall.
This laptop has many cool aspects to it, the larger screen, the portable desktop feel to it, however not even 1 year after I bought this laptop it started randomly shutting off for no reason.  I lost data all the time because it was never known when the laptop would or would not work, so then I started to save everything every 5 minutes or so which became extremely annoying.  I had bought a 3 year service plan with Best Buy, so I figured I would try to keep the laptop for 3 years until it was up.  During most of the second year that I owned this laptop I barely "had it" due to it constantly being at Best Buy's service center getting fixed.  Several times I took it there, and each time they claimed it was something new, and the original problem never got fixed.  One time it was the adaptor, another the motherboard, then the battery port, then the adaptor again, then they claimed the bus adaptors were tainted, they claimed I had viruses which I never did, and then finally the motherboard again.  I had to get this laptop restored several times and it still never solved the problem either.  It would come back and be okay for a few weeks and then would start shutting off again.  I would definitely NOT recommend this laptop for these reasons.  The benefits of this laptop DO NOT outweigh the bad.  Not only was Toshiba service horrible, Best Buy could not do anything right to fix this problem.  For almost 2/3 of the second year I owned this and almost 2/3 of the third year this laptop was in and out of service locations.  The only reason I kept the laptop for 3 years was because I spent a lot of money on Best Buy's plan.  I never had to pay extra fees to get things fixed, however I would have rather had to pay an extra fee to get it fixed the first and last time.  I feel like I not only wasted my money on the service plan but on the laptop as well.  I will never buy another Toshiba laptop, which is sad because this laptop when it worked was an incredible thing to have.  The screen and the wider computer allowed for easy and comfortable typing, but the issues I faced with the shutting off and having to buy new batteries, and the adaptor dying in the end also added to the frustration and aggravation of owning this laptop.  Buy at your own risk if you get this model, but if you get a more recent version still beware.  This seems to be an overall Toshiba issue, not just this laptop, do not be surprised if their laptops shut off a few weeks after using it!!!!
I had one problem and I shipped this item 3 times (each of which took them 1 month) and they couldn't fix it.  They didn't even change one part of the laptop.  I am going to agree with others and say DO NOT BUY TOSHIBA laptop just because of their customer service.I would recommend someone who wants to buy a notebook computer to read a consumer digest or something like that and see the ratings on customer service/satisfaction.  These are all electronic devices and all of them at one point will give you a problem.  Good customer service becomes the dominant factor to choose where to shop from.
I have a SONY VAIO PCV-2210/PCV-RS220 desktop PC and I am unable to use a recovery disk. The one I created in 2003 does not work. Sony support tells me they do not recognise the serial # and the product code and the Model # PCV-2210! Then they told me the model # is PCV-RS220. They say in order to SELL me a correct recovery CD they must recognize the Model Number on my Sony Vaio PC. The SONY sticker clearly states the model number (PCV-2210) and I registered the PC when I purchased it  yet SONY does not recognize it! So now I'm not only unable to recover WinXP but also I have a computer that SONY refuses to support! SONY says they no longer sell recovery CD for this particular desktop model. And it was purchased 10 years ago for over $1500 at Walmart! For over 7 years Microsoft has been bugging me with pop-ups that the Windows XP on my computer is not legitimate! The Microsoft sticker says it is legitimate! I bought it at Walmart! So Walmart makes fake Windows Sony Vaio? What a SCAM! I also own a SONY DSC camera ($1000+) which had been repaired by SONY in the past due to the class action lawsuit many years ago. SONY is up to something! I will never buy SONY again! And I will research who the owners are so I never by any products by any of their other companies as well! Any class action? Do let me know! For now, I am withdrawing from buying any electronic products for the next 20 years!
My mother's computer was getting old. It was a compaq with 500mHZ and 40 gb and a single cd drive (i put a writer in) and a floppy of course. However 3 weeks ago the cd drive quit working, and her modem went out. The Floppy also went out. So i went shopping on Amazon. I found this. I knew it would be true to my Mom for years to come. I ordered it, i set it up. It went VERY slow for 2100 mHZ. My mother loves it. It does OF COURSE go faster then her 500mHZ old computer. But it still ran really slow. It ran at the speed of my sisters computer, 900mHZ. It surprised me. The gb is awesome. however if you are a person who is constantly using computers. Especially gaming. Then get the other compaq i listed in another review.
I like the computer because I cant carry much wait due to a wrist nerve condition. The motherboard died and I simply can not find anywhere and I dont know who sell it. If I send it to SHARP i wont be able to afford it.Any suggestions?
I used this router for about 2 years. It's relatively easy to setup and in general it performs OK. However, since I started having moderate downloads, it keeps disconnecting from my ADSL modem several times a week and requires restart. To me, it's a big flaw and I would not recommend this router especially for heavy internet users.
This Router lightweight and looks nice.Speed is not reliable.Some time broken connection.Looking to replace this router ,will buy any other brand.
It is a real shame that IBM does not currently offer this notebook preloaded with Linux, nor did IBM push Intel to release their long-promised Centrino wi-fi drivers for linux.The hardware quality and features is good, but the software could be better. Smartsuite? Give me a break!. Unless IBM open sources their office suite, nobody will take it seriously.It would be much better if IBM would swallow their pride, get over the "Not Invented Here" syndrome, and bundle StarOffice 7 or OpenOffice 1.1.Creating and selling a notebook with a "Designed for Windows XP" sticker is a real shame, specially since Microsoft is out to destroy IBM.And like I said, the bundled software could be better, and I really think IBM should give users a dual-boot Linux/Windows system as the very least, if not a 100%-linux option saving the cost of the Windows XP license.I recommend the Sony Vaio PCG-Z1VA instead of this.http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B0000D8ZDL/For the same price, your get a faster cpu (1.6 Ghz vs. 1.5 on the IBM), a bigger hard disk (60 Gb. vs. 40 on the Thinkpad), USB 2.0 ports AND Firewire (the IBM doesn't provide Firewire ports), plus a better selection of sofware, and a more attractive look than the IBMs.
I bought this computer as a cheap replacement for my kids' computer, as I didn't want to sink a lot of money into another one after the previous one was destroyed. I needed something simple, and this fit the bill perfectly. Everything seemed to be okay at first, but then the computer froze up and said the date and time were not set, so I reset them. The computer "freezes" about once per month, like clockwork, with this same issue. It is very annoying to have to re-enter the date and time over and over, but otherwise it has served it's purpose. Would cost more to send it back than I paid, so I suppose we'll all just have to deal with it until I am in the market for something more reliable.
This product is decent to attach large binoculars, but there is still some shake associated with it. I don't know if the perfect product exists.
I had expected a lot more of this computer.  Many of the programmes installed give more problems than pleasure (Media Center; Help and Support; and more).  I am afraid that I cannot reccommend a better product, for lack of knowledge, but DO think twice before buying this computer unless you want a lot of headache.
We hooked it up just like instructed and windows would not boot up.  It kept saying that \WINDOWS\system32\config\SYSTEM  was missing or corrupt, ran the system recovery was on the phone with HP for over an hour.  Finally I decided to return it.  Due to this STUPID policy at Circit City I had to exchange or forfeit 15% of my refund for restocking fee.  So fine we get another one.  WELL  this happened three more times.  Three computers later I phoned the manager and demanded a full refund because there was nothing else there that we were interested in.  By this time HP had already sent us 8 CD's to reinstall everything.  We did this on two of the three HP Pavillion's from Circuit City.  We have always had HP  and never had a complaint about anything.  So my husband convinced himself that maybe they were damaged in shipping or stocking and decided to go to Office Depot to purchase an almost identical model.  WELL GUESS WHAT??????????  SAME THING!!  HP is sending us 8 more CD's and we are going through this again.  I wont give a completely terrible rating because I feel that it us a good computer. and their customer service is very professional and are very willing to get the matter resolved as quickly and easily as possible.  BUT, Word to the wise about these HP PAvillions that come loaded with Windows XP....BUYER BEWARE!!!
We own 2 other labtops and a desktop. I needed an extra notebook at a resonable price to use primarily for my son's school projects and internet. My first impression with the Averatec out of the box is that it is not as sturdy as my IBM thinkpad or the Toshiba. I wanted to give it time and be objective. After a few weeks this opinion was even clearer. The computer is essentially put together cheaply so you get fooled by the lower price compared to peers. to be specific you will notice the following: The poor: The keyboard keys, out of the box are uneven , some are slanting , others are bulging, and get worse with use quickly, they make a noticable loud sound compared to all labtops I used. The speaker volume and quality is very poor. You will have to use the headphone if you plan to watch DVD's in flights. I am concerned about the long term reliability and quality of service from a new company in a competitive market. The OK : Have a resonable software package. Only the 5110P model has the DVD writer, 5110H has the Roxio DVD writer software that you can use with an external DVD writer. it is thin but slightly wider and longer than most other 15 inch notebooks. so it ended up over 6 Lb in weight.The silver color is flashy for kids, but when you examine it closely,it is irregular platic. The price is OK but only slightly less than other well known and quality proven notebooks with a similar package.The good: the Pentium centrino 1.3 is fast,responsive and quiet, it is is comprable or even faster than P-4 at 1.8 GHZ on my  IBM thinkpad for all my applications. The wireless card is easy to set up on my current network ( these pretty much the advantage ot the Centrino mobile system). My recommendation: For  slightly more money you can do MUCH better. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
I have owned one of these for 2.5 years, and until this last month, it worked fabulously.  The only improvement would be if it could work as a stand-alone unit.  Then all of a sudden this month, it won't power on anymore.  Creative won't do anything for me or the countless other customers who are having the same problem.  Go to their forums and search for "audigy 2 nx power" and you'll see what I'm talking about.Overall I'd say its a risky investment.  It will run great for a while, then die out on you and Creative won't do jack to help you.
I purchase this item before it was associated with Pinnacle from a retail store.  Unfortunately, I didn't try it out before the warrantry ran out which is something I REALLY REGRET.  The audio capture is choppy 8 out of 10 times and those stats don't cut it when you spend over $250.  The support from Dazzle at the time was almost non-existent.  We were told to try different setting instead of the one that matched our brand (as if we didn't try that). Now that Pinnacle has bought Dazzle they don't even list this item on their website.  If I were you I would invest in a DV camera with the firewire instead of this because it will bring you nothing but HEADACHES when you want to use it.
I've owned a psc805 for three years now, and it is a solid product. Produces excellent sound quality given the relatively cheap speakers it is relegated to drive. I would easily rate it five stars except for two things -- First, it doesn't work with Vista (well, technically, Vista has a driver for it, but the Aurilium software used for configuration doesn't install or run); Second, Philips' support web site is a joke -- at least where this product is concerned.So, here's the irony as I see it: This product is engineered to last ten years (and at $100 original cost it should), but Philips decided to position it as a cheap-peripheral-you're-going-to-throw-away-in-a-year-anyway item.
It said you could download a driver from the NetGear site, which was down. I would have been screwed if my friend didn't happen to have a network card WITH A DRIVER that he sold me for $10.They were good about the return though.
I bought this laptop about 9 months ago.  I don't know what the refurbished part means, but I know that the laptop I own has had several problems.  First of all, when the laptop was 2 months old, it shut off and would not come back on.  I let it sit for a couple of days, thinking maybe it needed a rest.  But no, it was simply dead.  So I took it in to be serviced and since I live overseas there is only one place I can take it: the place I bought it.  They had to send it to Sony.  I didn't get it back for 4 months!  So really I've only had the laptop for 5 months...Anyway, since I got it back, it has been getting really hot.  For instance, tonight I turned it on and literally 11 minutes later I pulled the power cord out and it was smoking!  I really hope it doesn't try to burn down our government quarters, because I think Sony would be in big trouble then - we live on a military base and there are 64 residences in this building.  The thing that bothers me the most: it was that hot after only 11 minutes.I do enjoy the speed of it, I like the screen and everything else.  I just don't trust the safety of my family now.  That's the worst!
My VAN-420A started popping like an automatic firearm then blew out my sub-woofer and part of my receiver as it melted down and began smoking. Luckily I was able to pull the plug hopefully before it destroyed my $2000.00 computer and my $1400.00 APC UPS. The power cord was so hot I thought it was going to melt as I yanked it from the back of my computer. Smoke damage to my $1000.00 TV cabinet. Have to buy a new receiver, power supply, Bluray player, and hopefully not a new $1500.00 Infinity surround system (will find out when the new receiver shows up on the 10th). I have been building dozens of computers for over 15 years, this is only the second PS to fail, and the first to damage anything other than the PS. Very unacceptable.
A decade ago, these cards might have been o.k. but the newer, cheaper, video capture cards are both better and easier to work with.
The description said it is new, but it is not and does not work with my Mini. I had to buy a different microphone.
This product is not listed with microsoft as compatible with Windows XP. Meaning that if it will not work, they will not help.And it wont work for long on my desktop. Strange, because I have the PCI version on another PC running XP Pro, and its perfect.Guess its just my luck...
athlonxp 3200+ 400FSB, 512mb dual channel, nForce2 Ultra.  I assumed that the 5500 256MB was a higher level card, but it's just a tiny step above a 5200.  Radeon 9550 and 9600 (non pros) beat this card with only 128mb.  I only paid $53 for it, but for $100 you can get a 9800 Pro and it will pull 5700 on 3D marks 03.
Have a Dell Dimension 4550  - with an old (circa 2003 video card) that needed replacing.  Purchased this card due to low cost.  Easy to install - no extra power cable needed - feeds off the AGP slot.  However, this card is NOT powerful enough to run today's bigger LCD monitors.  I purchased a 24 inch Dell LCD Monitor and my graphics with this card are fair.  I have now purchased a 6800 GS to replace this one.  I have seen friends using the 6800 on their older machines and the images are worth the extra U$150 dollars - especially if you are gaming with COD2 or UT2004.  The other players continually whack you with this card because you can't respond as quickly as they can.  Bottom-line - this card is adequate for a CRT monitor (I tested it on my 19inch and it looked great), but can't push enough pixels to satisfy a bigger LCD Monitor. Spend the extra money and jump to a 6800 GS if you plan on going LCD.
I work tech support for a computer retailer.Had a user call in on this card, little documentation on it, just 3 files ont he install CD-Rom. An EXE file and 2 *.bin files.After 40 minutes of ripping out existing USB driver then re-installign them off the CD we were not able to get anywhere further than the user had originally proceeded.The driver installation went smooth and there were no conflicts or problems w/ windows not finding the driver. Everything seemed to install according to plan yet when you plug in a USB device .. nothing.Your resutls may vary and the card may work just fine in another version of Widnows, but aparantly not Win98SE.
Vantec Iceberq product CCB-A1C (copper) contains three heatsinks.  The one with the built-in fan is copper, the other two are copper colored aluminum.
First let me say I've never had the problem with accidental function key hits that the other reviewer had.That said, I would agree that unless you have a physical need for a one handed HUD I would advise waiting for the next generation. The unit is designed primarily with programing and web use in mind, since those are the sort of people willing to shell out 8x the money for a "spiffy" data entry device. This leaves the rest of the users high and dry. While the letters have been placed so that the most frequently used are the easiest the punctuation is a nightmare. Typing quotes requires not two concurrent keystrokes but the depression of the symbol key first, then the quote, then the untoggle of the symbol key. Add to that the inconvenient placement of the period, comma, and question mark plus the rather cumbersome caps function and typing dialog becomes down right painful. Some sentances require three or four times more keystrokes than with a qwerty and you're making those strokes with half the usual number of hands.Unlike the other reviewer I haven't packed my froggie away. I still use it exclusively for my tablet and manage a respectable 30 wpm on it as long as it isn't a punctuation heavy piece) but if I had known its shortcomings before purchasing I would have gone with some other portable solution and waited for frogpad to address some of its issues.
A priority reason for buying a subnotebook or mini-laptop is its weight---but nowhere on the Amazon Ad, remarkably, is the weight given.  What gives?
Recent years people have been saying DELL computers, desktop and laptop, deteriorated dramatically in quality and service is bad too. I don't know other models but this one sucks. I bought Dimension 2400 with 2.66 GHZ CPU, 40GB drive and 128 MB RAM with XP Pro. I did not see it too slow. The two USB port on front are located at bottom and it's awkward to use them even you put it on desk. When I tried to upgrade it problems happened. There are only limited connection port on the back. There are not many slots available for ungrading cards or RAMs. The total Max RAM can only reach 1 GB. There is only one Hard Drive bracket in the case. This scuks to the maximum. Only DELL parts can fit in and it took customer a lot of time to find out the part number. DELL ask $25-40 plus shipping for that damn metal bracket. A lot of people used a piece of metal from Home Depot to build their own bracket and installed a second drive.
On July, I replaced my P1 200 Mhz PC with a Dell Deminsion 2400. I got this PC for the Sims 2, but that PC was not powerful enough, so I had to go to Fry's Electronics to buy a new motherboard, etc.. Upgrading was not easy. Whatever you do, do not buy!! Get an XPS, or get a different brand.
I have this one and the scanner only works for doc. The printer stops working if I try to scan a photo.
I have been using the Deep Sky Imager Pro III as part of an outreach program.  We purchased five of these cameras for loaning out to public schools in our local area.We have found the Meade AutoStar Suite and DSI Pro III buggy with little support on Meade's end.  Our most recent frustration is that, despite the fact that all of our teachers have brand new computers, we are unable to use these cameras.  Meade has not produced any drivers that are compatible with a 64-bit version of Windows 7.  There appear to be a few work-arounds (which include buying yourself a Professional version of Windows 7, buying old software, or running a program that emulates an older version of Windows inside of Windows 7).I strongly urge buyers to steer clear of Meade if you use 64-bit versions of Windows 7 or Vista.
I would not buy this this not cause it does not work but cause it does not move much air at all. not only that the sliver plate comes off easy.
This brief case was too small to hold my 11x17 paper items. Suitable for small documentation.
my new computer never read this, my bad hard drive started turning after the power was connected and working but was never detected by my new window 7 computer and I set it as master too. so do not know if the problem is the device or my hard drive.
The Bluetooth adapter dosen't work until you ungrade it over the web.  Then they ask for 39.99 to activate the upgrade. So the deal is not bad if you want to pay for it twice!  Very agraviting
I finally received my wireless router.But didnt get the power supply or instructions.I sent an Email to request these items.Lets see what happens.I will change my rating on this seller.
I bougth this item under the impression that it was a new piece of equipment. It did not come in its original packaging nor came with the original power adapter, which by the way, stopped working after just one week of use. I had to go to the local Radio Shack store to get a new power adapter. So the equipment is just what I needed but the seller I don't know shaddy....
Initially I had some trouble using this in an upstairs room and thought it was just a cheap product.  I opened a few doors and the signal has strengthened noticeably, so maybe it's not so bad.  It's small, looks and feels flimsy, and gets a little hot during use.  The software is simple, but simplicity can be a virtue.  I guess for the price this adapter gets the job done as long as you're not seeking top notch quality, reliability and durability.  I can't change the number of stars but I would amend to 3 if I could.
Bought this item locally and paid around $30. Setup with my XP desktop system went well enough and throughput was sufficient to watch videos via the wireless network. But after a week or two of use, I noticed my signal strength steadily dropped from the high 40s initially down to 15-25%. When the signal gets down below about 30% Web pages start loading slowly and videos start buffering more than usual. Also, I noticed that the Airlink adapter would be almost too hot to touch, so I developed the habit of unplugging it when not actually in use, which is a pain. I'm returning this item and will try a PCI adapter next.
$13. 45 feet away from the router, and the signal strength lingered between 5% - 15% and, for the most part, would not work. the driver/installation cd's autorun would not work, so i had to go through "explore" to install the drivers off of the cd. if you're within 20 feet from the computer, and want to save money, then maybe you should buy this. if that were the case for me, i still wouldn't. it's just pure junk.
I used this adapter for my laptop, as previous reviewer mentioned, installation is easy, and it connected to my local wireless network with no probelm. The range is good too, I connected through 100ft away, no problem, signal stayed at 50%.The problem I am having is that my laptops are configured to "Stand By" after a while, I never competely shut them down, and after waking them up from Stand By, the adapter refused to find wireless network again, even I unpluged the adapter and re-plug it back, it resisted to work. I believe it's a bug. I had to re-start laptop to make it connect,  The other well known brand cards can connect to network from any state of the laptop: wake up from stand by, or unplug/plug, etc.I give it 2 star, basically because it's designed for laptop but this is unacceptable.I also tried Airlink's cardbus adapter(awlc3026), same problem. I won't use AirLink's products anymore.
I own a CD projects cd case that I purchased years ago so I went with something I loved. The case itself is pretty nice but the inside where you put the cds is laughable. The only reason I'm keeping it is b/c I don't want to pay the 15% re-stocking fee they want. I would not recommend this product at all.
Bought this unit to put USB and audio ports on the front panel of my 2 year old tower case, plus having speed control of the noisy CPU fan would be nice.The good news, audio ports worked fine.  The rest is bad, no speed control on my 3 wire fan, and the USB ports only worked as USB 1, even though rear ports are USB 2.0.  Geeks.com ignored my request for an RMA, so I'm SOL.What I should have done (in hindsight of course) is simply buy an updated tower case with the front ports and audio already installed.  To be honest, it would have been less work and faster to relocate my motherboard and hardware to the new case vs cleanly running and tie wrapping the multitude of wires this thing comes with.  Cost would not have been much different for a basic case with front ports.
I purchased this drive case because I was just looking to get data off old hard drives and it was a reasonable price.  If you are looking to convert an internal drive to an external USB drive, I would not recommend this case.  It seems cheap and not well made.  But, if you are just looking to pull data off old hard drives and only use it on occasion, it works just fine.  Just make sure to switch the IDE drive to master otherwise it won't power up.
There is a big sloppy excessive glob of hardened glue that hold the LED lead into a track. Because it is already a very tight fit to insert the HD into the enclosure, this glob of glue makes it a difficult if not impossible task. I had to carefully pull the LED lead out of the track (breaking the glue seal) and then carefully chip off some of the excess hardened glue before I could install my hard drive into the enclosure. Thereafter all went well and the product works great.
Incompatable with my operating system / not properly identified in the discription.
While this hard drive enclosure looks better than most, it's beauty alas is mostly skin deep. When you open up the enclosure, you have two parts, the enclosure itself and the drive cage and circuit board into which you insert your hard drive. It takes quite a bit of force to insert and remove hard drives from the drive cage. A wire for the LED light attaches to a header on the circuit board. As a result when you open up the enclosure to take the drive out, it's easy to accidentally yank the wire for the LED out of place and bend some pins. Worse yet, the drive cage is such a tight fit that I did pop put plastic cover on the power connector. While this doesn't appear to have affect the drive but it speaks poorly for this product's construction.
The biggest problem with this enclosure is that it does a very poor job at keeping a HD cool, an especially serious problem due to the fact that heat is the number one enemy of HDs and can greatly decrease their life spans. The enclosure has no vent holes, sandwiches the HD in a very tightly fitted manner (i.e., there is almost no room between the enclosure walls and the HD) and is made out of metal, a very poor material to dissipate heat. As a result it gets quite hot. All and all a very good way of seriously degrading a hard disk's life span. If this is your goal, this is the enclosure to purchase. In addition, due to tight as a sandwhich fit and bad design (not well designed for easy removal or installation of HD) it is not easy to install and remove HDs. It takes quite an effort. Given a few attempts to change HDs it is not difficult to see how the enclosure could not break. Not much of a problem if you plan on only installing one HD and keeping it in the enclosure. Unfortunately, if you must remove HDs often, this is quite a serious problem. If this is what you need to do this is not the enclosure to purchase.On the positive side the enclosure is relatively small (only a little larger than a HD), aesthetic and it works well (i.e., no drop outs in signal or large transfers of data). However, considering choises of enclsoures available and the fact the negatives greatly outweigh the positives, this is a relatively poor choice.
I print two hundred plus page documents, up to 15 at a time, I bought this one to replace the 4250 tn I had purchased years earlier and which I worked to death. This one however jams frequently wasting time, paper, and making endless frustration. Other times it will print the document perfectly. I expect based on this experience I likely will always buy new in the future as this printer is so maddening!
This is probably one of those things you want to buy new.  I bought one used and it did not work.
We own a Netgear router so thought, sure, a Netgear wireless adapter will work with it, right? Nope. This model has always been flakey, with connections dropping out for more demanding tasks beyond "click a link" browsing. We finally gave up on it after trying to get a wireless scanner to work. The model's old anyway, so no reason to buy it.
This did not get good results and does not support wireless B.  Wireless G is not that impressive either.  Wish I would have known before I bought this.
The lifetime of this router was very short lived in my hands.  I was the second owner, but I'm sure it was one hell of a router.  When I received it, it was easy to setup and piggy back off my current wireless router.  I wanted this router so I can travel with it when I go to various places that I know don't have a router but having a network was highly beneficial.  I tried upgrading it, but then the upgrade bricked the router and that was the end of it.
I also have one of these laptops and have had the same overheat issue.  I managed to get the dust out without opening the case....but what really disappoints me with this machine is the failing screen.  Eight vertical lines so far permanently on the screen whenever it's powered up and a new one seems to appear weekly.My machine is two years old.  Will I ever buy another Toshiba?  Nope.
I bought this laptop about a year and a half ago as a factory refurb from a well known and respected website.  It came with a 90 day warranty and I also bought a 1 year extended warranty.  At first it was great - it ran fast (it has a true P4) and did a great job.  There are two fans in the bottom of the case to keep it cool - definitely needed because this thing gets hot fast!  The fans pushed through an incredible amount of air through this thing.  After a year or so, a line appeared on the LCD...  luckily I had a month left on my extended warranty and it was fixed.  Then a month or two later when my warranty had expired, the laptop started turning off by itself...  Both fans were still moving but the thing was hot - really hot!  I bought a powered cooling platform for it to sit on that had two fans that cooled it from beneath....  Also, from the beginning, I vacuumed the grills of the two fans every month or two since they seemed to accumulate lint and other debri...  The laptop only left the house twice...  Anyway, even with the cooling platform, the laptop soon started cutting off again....and with more frequency.  I knew it was a heat issue because I could sit a couple of powerful fans at the back of it and it would run longer before cutting off than it would without them.  The whole time, the two internal fans kept moving....what the heck was going on...?I finally sold the laptop to a friend for next to nothing because I could do nothing with it.  I told him all about its issues and he bought it basically for next to nothing...  I also had to buy another laptop.  I bought anoher Toshiba because I have had lots of luck with them in the past.  Howver, I felt a bit ripped off since I only got 1.5 years of use out of a PC I had paid quite a bit for...Later, my friend began to bring me articles from the web about known cooling issues with this model.  Numerous people had experienced the same issue due to the cooling mechanisms becoming clogged with debri internally.... and unfortunately, to clear out this debri, you have to disassemble the whole thing....it's quite a task...  It took my friend 5 hours to disassemble and clean out the cooling mechanism....  it runs ok now, for now, but he has vowed not to disassemble it again due to the trouble, and of course, I feel ripped off since I paid so much for a PC that only worked for less than 1.5 years...
Item was delivered promptly.  The reason I give it a poor review is because the way the adapter is connected to the computer gives me the impression that it could break at any time.  I wonder why Maxtor does not provide the appropriate adaptor!  Speedwise, performance is good.
I used this PQI 2GB SD 133X on my Canon SD450 digital. The card tend to be stuck to the slot when I ejecting it. I have to use the tweezers in order to pull it out. I think because the of PQI designed. One side of the card, the plastic is not smooth--therefore it tend to be stuck . My other 2 cards I have is Sandisk and Canon, I don't have any trouble ejecting them. But only this PQI, hence give it a 2 stars. Have tweezers nearby if you need to ejecting this card out .
The only thing worse than the flimsiness of this product is their so-called "Customer Service."To make a long story short, the following is a summary of my 10 or so calls to Averatec's Customer Support:FIRST CONVERSATION (a few days after I received it)Me:  Are recovery, or, preferably OS CD's available.CS:  No.  And they won't be.  You should use the "Recover Pro" partition on your hard drive to reinstall the OS along with the adware.Me:  Recover Pro wants money from me to use after 30 days, and what if I want a different partition scheme or dual boot?CS:  That is not supported.NEXT CONVERSATION, ABOUT A MONTH LATERME:  I'd like to upgrade the memory from 512 MB to the 2 GB sticks I just bought.  Could you please send me installation instructions or tell me how to access the memory bay?CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook and we will upgrade it for you.  The price for upgrading from 512 MB to 1 GB is approximately $250-300.ME:  Really?  But that's more than I just paid for 2 GB of quality laptop memory.  . . . if you just told me where to put the memstick in . .  There's no user accessible memory bay cover.CS:  That is not supported.(Ultimately, I disassembled the notebook without a manual -- involved a lot of careful unsnapping and keyboard removal to access memory bay.  I'm a pro, so don't try it unless you really know what you're doing).  You may well void the warranty in this process, since the notebook's opening screws are sealed with a "will void warranty if broken" sticker.NEXT CONVERSATION, ABOUT TWO MONTHS LATERME:  The cap has fallen off the notebook hinge.  It's a 50-cent part that just snaps on the exterior and now is lost.  Could you send me a new one.CS:  You will have to send us your notebook for repair.ME:  But if you have the part, why can't you just send it to me?  I'll happily pay you for it.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook.  Do you need a keyboard letter?  We can send you those.ME:  Thanks, but what I really need is a hinge cap.  If you have the part, why can't you just put it in an envelope and send it.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook.NEXT CONVERSATION (a couple months later)ME:  My hard drive died.  I've replaced it with a new one.  May I send you my old one for replacement.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook.ME:  Why can't I just send you the dead hard drive.  I've already replaced it and the dead one that came with my notebook is sitting in an anti-static bag ready to go back to you.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook.NEXT CONVERSATION, A COUPLE MONTHS LATER:ME:  The BIOS on your website doesn't self-extract nor include a flash utility.  I believe it's an incorrect version.  I finally installed it, but now the notebook won't fully boot.  Could you please send me the original BIOS so I can reinstall it.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook.ME:  Are you smoking crack?  I just want you to e-mail me a BIOS or post it.CS:  "WHAT DO YOU MEAN?  YOU THINK I SMOKE CRACK?  WHAT COULD HAVE GIVEN YOU THAT IDEA?  WHO TOLD YOU THAT?"ME:  Really, it's just a figure of speech.  Could you just send me the BIOS please.CS:  I DO NOT SMOKE CRACK!ME:  Please, I just want the correct BIOS.CS:  That is not supported.  Send us your notebook and a fax of your original proof of purchase.ME:  Could we escalate this please?CS:  What do you mean by "escalate?"  You think my supervisor smokes crack?ME:  Look, I just want the BIOS file.  Please put me through to your supervisor.CS:  He'll tell you the same thing:  "It's not supported.  Send us your notebook."ME:  Please put me through anyways.SUPERVISOR (finally):  I'll write up a trouble ticket and see if someone can find the BIOS.NEXT CONVERSATION (NEXT DAY)ME:  Forget about the trouble ticket.  I used an unzipping utility to unzip your non-self-extracting self-extracting executable posted on your website, found the BIOS in there, and used MSI's afudos.exe utility to install it.  I changed the switches to "overwrite critical sectors" and now the notebook boots and my BIOS is updated.  By the way, any possibility of getting a hinge cap or RMA for my dead hard drive.CS:  That is not suppported.  Send us your notebook.I think you get the idea.Incidentally, the 1394/Firewire port is worthless on this notebook; it serves no purpose other than cosmetic.  It's a cheap unstable chipset.  If you want to actually run anything via Fireware, you will need to purchase a PCMCIA firewire card from a reputable manufacturer.
I have two TiVo Series 2 boxes and wanted them to talk to each other and the internet, without using wireless.  Even with the latest TiVo software, some adapters will work, and others won't.  This one DID NOT work.If you want an inexpensive USB to Ethernet adapter that WILL work with TiVo, try the Trendnet TU-ET100C, instead.
I did however receive a refund. the manager was polite to refundThe windows xp/2003 driver will work in Windows7;but a slow connection was my computer outcome.this little devise is 0nly for to connect,. .it does work but, it will mostly not exceed 60kb sec speed.thank you
If your usb slot/port is vertical, you may have trouble with this. Because of the adapters bulkiness, combined with the weight of the cable you plug into it, the adapter keeps loosening from the usb port.
It didnt work on anything i have and it said it would work.  I wont be buying anything like this anymore.
You get what you pay for.  I bought this device and used it.  No problems except speed - it is definitely NOT USB 2.0.  Its speed is very slow.  I used it to copy a 100Mb file, and it took several minutes to finish.  Copying the same size file with my new D-Link Ethernet/USB device finished in 15 seconds.
Although it is cheaper and works most of the time, I have three complains: 1) the transparent cover causes distraction, since the light blinks all the time in front of you; 2) internet is lost intermittently, I have to unplug and then plug again, or disable and then enable network to get internet connection again; 3) the size could be smaller.
The one I recieved buying from this listing is not an Agiler, it's a no-name brand. It has a number LK-2101 on a sticker in a package with no brand name.The driver disk has drivers for various items that have other numbers, I can't tell which corresponds to the "LK-2101" I received or the Agiler AGI-1108 that it seemed I was buying.So far, it's a pain.  Let's see if I can get it installed, right now I'm trying to install the driver for the SR9600, whatever that is, that came on this disk, but I have no confidence that it's even the correct one for this item. There are also drivers for JP-1081 and and AX8872.  None are certified, of course, but which is correct for an LK-2101?-------OK, through trial and error, I found that this LK-2101 they sent me works with the disk's "JP-1081" driver in XP.  It does seem to work.I'm still not very happy with the misrepresentation.
I received the arm and had it installed.  The individual that installed it said it was the most non-user friendly mount that he has ever installed.  I have a 42 inch LCD hooked up to it, and it is virtually impossible to move without wrenching it hard enough to be worried about ripping the tv off of the mount.  I would not buy..
This bag has protected my 17" laptop very well (so far).  The telescoping handle is nicely designed.  The shoulder strap is very comfortable.  Plenty of room.  On one flight I used the plane-side check-in, when the bag was returned the rubber handle was broken (the bag wasn't overly heavy, I am amazed that it could be broken).  So the broken handle joined virtually all of the zipper pulls which have broken over time.  I suppose I will have to buy something to replace the pulls, and maybe there is an adhesive stronger that the original rubber in the handle (doubt it), but for the price of the bag it has not faired well over time.
I am employed as a training and safety director for a medium size school bus company.  We had on-board camera systems installed on 85 buses.  To perform setting changes on the camera system's hard drives, we were supplied with one of these mini USB trackball mice as there is no surface with which to operate a normal mouse inside a school bus.  It was a terribly inferior product.  The trackball intermittently moved the cursor - very spotty.  The buttons were unreliable - sometimes had to push them 2-3 times to select the item I had on screen.  It failed completely when one of the directional rollers under the trackball broke away after very minimal use in an 8 month time period.  After an exhaustive search attempting to find a local retailer that carried a hand held trackball mouse with no success, I looked online and had the same result until I finally found the same unit available on Amazon.  I placed my order because there was absolutely no other alternative.  No other company manufactures a hand held trackball mouse that I could find and I had to have one.  I also ordered 2 of them not because I loved the product, but because I was hoping two of them would last at least 1 school year!
The keyboard was defective. Pressing the i key types ir. Pressing the r key types ir. Pressing the e key types e[.So I'm currently returning for a refund. I hope things go well.Mouse worked well. Cords are little cheap looking.I don't know if it would last long with a kid banging on it.
these cable will work only on desktops computers, i bough this to use on a mobile system to be able to take some screen shots and videos, this cable didn't work in the neither of the 30 mobile system i try, from Alienware, HP, Dell, Compaq, Lenovo etc....
At this writing date, the listed manufacturer on the Amazon page for this fan is "Alpha and Omega Computer,"  which is a wholesaler of fans. Their website lists the manufacturers of their 60 mm x 25mm ball-bearing fans as Sanyo, Evercool, and Sunon.  These are all decent fan brands, and they have a range of specs for airflow (cfm), speed, and noise.  However, the Amazon page for this fan currently lists no brand or specs, so you won't know which fan you will get.  I received a 24 cfm Sunon fan with 34 dbA, which is quite loud for a small fan, and is the loudest fan that Alpha and Omega carry for this approximate cfm.  For example, there is Sanyo fan with a higher cfm at 28 dbA, which is significantly quieter. So if noise matters to you, I'd buy a fan with the manufacturer and specs listed, otherwise you may find the noise very annoying.
This card reader worked great for a year or two, but then after not using it for a while, I went to use it and it no longer worked.
I bought this router because I didn't have much money and it said it will support mac and PC connections. And it does.. Kind of. When I hooked it up the CD they sent me it didn't work, so I called them on the phone. They worked me through the setup on my roommates PC desktop. Everything went well until we tried to connect 3 wireless mac computers belonging to me and my other roommate. None of them worked. Customer support told me that our network card manufacturers are to blame and they could help me no further. That being said I have never had a problem hooking my MacBook up to any other network at a friends house or a coffee shop and I take my laptop everywhere.A few days later I was messing with the router and I got one of them hooked up but every time I disconnect from the network it would not connect again until I reset the router at least once. Sometimes it takes up to 5 tries in order for it to work and we have never been able to connect more than one mac laptop to this network at a time. This was annoying when we would try to do school work and only one of us could be online at a given time.Eventually we all just got ethernet cables and used a wired connection. It very well may be that the router could work fine with our macs but my lack of knowledge (and customer supports lack of support) is limiting its capabilities. Or maybe mine was defective. I'm not really sure who to blame other than myself.. I'm the one who lost the receipt.
I had an airlink g router that worked OK for 2 years then failed.  The performance at more than 50 feet was variable and often dropped.  I tried a trendnet router recently with the new improved wider N band.  Same problem.  For my distant computers I now use an Actiontec megaplug 85.  Works great and it uses existing houshold wiring.  I could not get a cable to some locations.  Very simple to install - much more reliable than wireless.
I've now been using this router for a few month, so I had time to 'evaluate' it...  I found this routher to be EXTREMLY unstable; it looses wireless connections for no reason (direct ethernet connection to it works fine).  There are sometimes random periods of time where all connections on it turn on and off for hours at a time making it quite impossible to use.  Also it tends to lose connections alot when transfering large files between computers and/or are trying to upload or download large files to and from the web.  Its a decent router if you're using it for 5 minutes at a time, but anything longer then that... well, simply put it sucks for anything longer...  I would suggest getting a Lynksis or a Netgear router; costs a lil more but atleast you can rely on those.
I needed a new power adapter for my Powerbook, so this seemed like a great idea. For for a little bit more than Apple's AC adapter I could get AC and DC with connections for auto and airplanes.The only problem is, it doesn't work very well. The Smarttip connector for the Powerbook will not keep a connection. I continually have to check the power indicator on my Powerbook and twisting the connector to make sure the battery is being charged.Kensington also seems to have fudged on the power specification. They claim 70 watts, but the Powerbook's System Profiler reports 45 watts. This means that the battery takes much longer to charge than Apples adapter. In fact, while I am using it, it barely charges at all. If I set the Powerbook down, likely as not the Smarttip loses its connection and I come back to a dead battery.So, there's a great idea here. Perhaps someday, someone will implement it in a competent way.
I bought this unit when my other travel adapter would not maintain a connection.  I still have the problem with this unit, though it is not quite so extreme.  The tip will make a connection only when it is in precisely the proper position.  I have to secure the cord under my Al PowerBook so it doesn't move, then rotate the tip and bend the cord until a connection is made--and watch for several seconds to be sure the connection is maintained.  Without an indicator light on the tip, the only way I can be sure I still have a connection is by continually looking at the battery indicator on the menu bar.  Many times I don't notice I have lost the connection until I get a low battery warning.  Never a problem with the original Apple adapter.  I use this adapter only because my setup makes it very inconvenient to take the Apple adapter with me.
I have worked quite a bit with computer networks, servers, storage, etc, and I didn't come away impressed with this product:1 - Not only must you use FAT 32 format, but you must reformat your drive and start over (meaning you can't just hook up a drive you want to share, you have to format it and then copy the data back)2 - Even if you format the drive with FAT 32, you CAN NOT see the files after removing the drive from the IONE and hooking it back up to a computer.  So what if this unit fails? ... Don't like that at all.3 - Even after talking with support, never got the USB connector to work.  At this point I returned the product.  At least Tiger Direct, and Amazon helped me there, they issued a full refund.I gave this review 2 stars because the network share could, theoretically, work if your OK with all these issues.  But I would recommend just setting up a little Linux box on some left over system (you could then do other file systems, run backups, etc).  The fan runs all the time anyway.
The reviewer "Ask" made some very valid points about this laptop. I bought this laptop about 2 months ago, because our school requires us to have access to a laptop as well as the internet at all times (if you can, avoid any Universities that requires this if you can...trust me on this one). My mom looked on the DELL website and got this laptop for about $375 to include the student discount and all that good stuff (DELL as well as Gateway are the computers that our school owns a warranty and will repair for no charge...well technically ). A good friend of told me "The quality you get from electronics is determined by the price you pay." And very rarely have I proved him wrong.One of the most obvious problems that I'm having is that the computer takes about 5-10 minutes to shut down. The screen "Windows Is Now Shutting Down" will just stay on there, and if you close the laptop, it will go to "Stand By Mode" which really doesn't help becuase if you open it back up, the shut down screen will reappear until it decides when to do that function (keep in mind I've had this computer for about 2 months and I really haven't downloaded/installed anything that will affect it's performance). Then the USB cables suck, because if I plug in my external hard drive or a flash drive, half the time I get a message saying that Windows doesn't recognize the device. Thats never happened on any other computer except this one that I've used so far. And god help you if you plug in your MP3 player or your Ipod, because the computer will just freeze up and cause all kinds of problems, trust me on this one. Also I have a good feeling the way I'm typing on the keyboard (at a fast pace, the way people with experience type), one of the keys is going to fall out.I'm not saying this is a bad computer. I'm still using it. Heck I'm even typing my review on this laptop. It does have fast download and connection speed, although that might be the USB cable that I'm using. Also it loads up programs at a reasonable speed (but we'll see after 6 months).Take my advice: If you're strapped for cash and just want a laptop to use, and don't really care about the quality, get this here at the price that is listed. Otherwise, there are better laptops out there that work more effeciently, which range from about $600-$1000.Update (April 16, 2007): Now for some odd reason, my CD drive is out of place, making it very difficult to read CDs and CD-ROMs. I've might have used the drive maybe no more than 10 times, and been very careful with my computer and now this has happened. This has never happened to me with other laptops that I've used, and luckly my school can repair this for no charge. So basically follow my advice I said in the previous paragraph. Peace!
I tried out the Novatel Merlin S620 EVDO PC Card for Sprint.  In the end, I was *very* disappointed and returned the product within Sprint's 14-day trial period.There are two aspects to consider when purchasing a product like this: the hardware itself, and the service -- i.e., the EVDO wireless data service in this case.Hardware: The Merlin S620 PC Card is a Type II 32-bit CardBus PC Card.  According to Novatel Wireless's website, this card should be compatible with most laptops running Windows 2000 or XP.  (Note that only these two OS's are supported.)  I tested the card in several laptops and did not have a compatibility issue at all.  But the card itself felt flimsy, with the black plastic antenna housing ready to burst open any time.  I was so concerned about breaking the card -- and I've owned many PC Cards in my laptop computing life so I know how to handle them -- that I returned the card a few days earlier than the 14-day trial period.  So, hardware wise, it gets a D or E.The driver and connection software that comes with the Merlin S620 card is Sprint's standard connection software package.  Installation was a breeze, requiring just one restart.  BTW, when you install the software, there's an option to install something called Mobilebyte Optimizer.  Don't bother.  This piece of junk was supposed to optimze JPEG files to make downloading webpages just a bit faster, but in actuality its settings had no effect.The Sprint connection manager shows you the signal strength as well as whether you are using the faster EVDO (with very spotty coverage outside major city centers) or the slower, older 1xRTT (coverage also spotty outside major urban areas).  You can turn the PC Card into network-ready mode so you can get connected without having to run the connection manager, but I found doing so (called "NDIS mode" in the PDF manual) consistently resulted in slower speeds, so I don't recommend it.Spring EVDO:  total hype, no substance, that was my conclusion.  During the entire testing period I had full-strength signal the whole time because I never deviated from downtown Boston.  I always got all six bars.  Unfortunately, 95% of the time the speed was really like dial-up.  No matter which site I went to, the first time it would take quite a long time to load the site, so I suspect the slow speed has something to do with the way Sprint's proxy servers work.  The fact that all JPEG pictures displayed on webpages would show up heavily compressed lends support to my suspicion that Sprint's claim of "broadband speed" on EVDO is mostly false and based on compressed data rate, not raw throughput.I used a couple online broadband testing tools found on Intel and MSN websites.  Both reported anywhere between 50kbps and 800kbps (!), meaning two things: 1) the EVDO speed is not consistent and relies heavily on compression on the server's end, and 2) online speed tests are all useless turd.The real-world experience I had with EVDO was so negative that I really think the FCC should investigate Sprint for false advertising.  Maybe I'm over-critical here because I paid for everything out of my own pocket.  My experience has been that people who get their companies to pay for their data services tend to have much higher satisfaction than those of us who pay with our own personal funds and who cannot claim any tax benefits.In short, the Merlin S620 card sucks, and Sprint's EVDO sucks even more.
Did not do what I expected. Have a large house. Thought this would extend a signal access from my basement office to a room above the attached garage. Probably 100 feet and up two stories from base unit signal. Got a signal but it was too low to function.Possibly wireless router problem but not sure. I can get a good signal on second floor without extender so would think router is OK -  At your own risk if you decide to buy this.
I have a very large media library and I puchased this product to download all of my music. If the  changer is filled (200 discs)some of them will not be downloaded. This happened all 5 times I have filled the changer. It is also not a very quick process. Had I known about the speed of the downloading I might not have opted to buy it. The one benefit is that it can download music while you are at work or asleep. It will probably work well for keeping media that some might wish to store and have easy access (movies or a small music collection). This product is not itunes friendly either. All media must be converted from wma files to apple media files.
We had and used this router for years when we had Vonage. It consistently dropped signals and, when it worked, gave off a very slow, weak signal. I got it from Vonage with my account. As time went on, this router got weaker and worse, to the point where we had to reboot it sometimes twice daily for any kind of signal at all. The admin panel is unnecessarily complicated.We just tossed them both, this router and Vonage, and went with the Apple Airport Extreme. I'll never look back.
This modem is by now maybe 3-4 years old. I got mine from a deceased uncle and replaced a Speedstream DSL router from AT&T; (at the time SBC). If I had to choose between AT&T; modems, I would consider this one far more dependable, though a bit slower, than the current AT&T; 2-Wire 2701HG-B. Plus the wireless is useless.Even so, my advice is don't buy either of them.You don't need an AT&T; DSL router to connect to AT&T.; Consider an Actiontec GT724WGR instead. It is a far superior modem and much more reliable. In fact, there is no comparison. Don't waste your money on this 2-Wire modem.
With Verizon this unit could not be used. I waisted my money. My tech guy said it was an older generation unit, don't be fooled unless you know. Caution!!
My alienware mousepad was losing its &#34;glide&#34; from the factory.I used this on the hard surface alienware mousepad. The result was the same after applying this substance. It even left a residue that flaked off.
Well, this one's installation was a little tricky, but once I got it installed, it worked wonderfully... about 40% of the time. It had a nasty habit of disconnecting me randomly from the network I was attempting to use (when I know the signal strength was too high for lost connections), and the card would become unreasonably hot after only perhaps an hour of use. When it worked, it worked flawlessly. When it didn't... well... it didn't.
It works..... but not on a Belkin Pre-N router.  It will connect, with all security turned off, but will only get a 169.254.xxx.xxx ip address.  The Router will even show it's connected.. it just cannot access anything.The card does connect to other routers.But here's what's funny.  The MAC address labeled on the card doesn't match the actual MAC address of the card!  I had to find this out by disabling MAC filtering, and see that it connects to the router, then writing down the correct MAC address.  Nice quality control.....  The seller Scotts Stuff Inc was very nice, I didn't have a problem with them...... just this card is garbo.  I'd recommend an AmbiCom G card instead.  It connects to pretty much anything, even my Belkin Pre-N router with crazy range.
The bumpers fall off easily, despite the velcro. I'm pretty sure I threw them out after a few weeks. Next time, I'd invest in one of those lap pad things...but these are good for a quick fix, or if you don't move your laptop around much from your desk.
The Facts1) Compact size, easy to pack2) Works in cars, plane and any outlet (120 or 240V)3) Kensington backs the products while under warranty, even the plugs, which had to be replacedThe qualitative review1) Worked great for about 18 months2) Some loose wiring in the device would randomly shut off the device after 12 months, but worked in certain positions3) Died after 18 months4) Needs a longer warranty to justify the price tag
PSU connector is unstable, gets disonnected very easily and that is NOT a good thing when doing data transfer.Also, if you throw away the paperwork (as I did), good luck getting this thing open without it.  The only end that has screws is actually *not* the one that opens up, as I found out the hard way.  I am still trying to get my HDD out of this thing.  AVOID AVOID AVOID, spend your money on another brand!
While this keyboard will add pizazz to your desk or your child's room, it is light and cheaply made.  Moreover, the keys are either unresponsive or too sensitive.  If you want a nice looking keyboard, buy it.  If you actually need to type, skip this and look elsewhere.
During the short time in which this laptop actually functioned normally, it worked very well - beautiful screen, decent speed.  After about a day or so, I experienced hardware problems and it continually restarted on its own.  (I reinstalled the OS so it was NOT a virus causing the problem). VERY frustrating.
150x of what? Runs more like a 10x. Also, it refused to be recognized until formatted by Apple's Disk Utility. Spend your $ on a different card with clearly stated read and write speeds.
I love macs, and never thought I would be putting one down.  I thought I was upgrading when I sold my G4 ibook and bought this.  It is primarily a frame for the spinning beach ball that seems to constantly be on the screen (while you wait for the program, page etc. to load).  I also was stiffed the [...] rebate form apple - really dissapointing.  I can't reccomend PCs, Linux seems too much trouble, so I don't know what I would suggest.
was sent 2 MacBooks.  Credit was given for second MacBook which was refused, but it was some trouble dealing with it and keeping track to make sure credit was given.
Product was defective - battery won't recharge - no longer works unless plugged in to outlet. Trying to get Amazon to replace. We'll see.
Worked great for two years, then started dropping connections, had to be rebooted every half hour etc...I wasted a few days trying to fix it, and now it's in the garbage.
Since I got this router, I have problem trying to load up some webpages, yet they run just fine when I simply hook up my cable modem to the PC without routing it through this router. There could be something to do with the router's own firewall, but I don't see any options allowing me to control it. Anyone got any ideas?
Product looks nice and works well with a single connection.  It will not support multiple connections, it just won't.
OK.. I got this about 2 years ago, as I had a fairly good experience with a Netgear "G" wireless router prior.  After two years, here are is my review.  If you are easily familiar with setting up and troubleshooting a network, I'd rate this a 2.5 or a 3.  However if you are not familiar with how to troubleshoot a wireless router, then I'd rate this a 1 or a 2.* WAS RUNNING ON THIS ROUTER: CABLE internet, 15 Mbps (1 Mbps upload speed), both wired and wireless connections were hooked to this. *SPEED: GREAT, speeds were wonderful on wireless (b,g,n), and wired speeds, all worked fine, never had speed issues.RANGE: never had issues in a 2 story home (2100 sq ft, NOT including the basement where my oldest kid plays XBOX with a wireless adapter). Our house is an older style, so it is not an "open" type of floor plan, we had plenty of walls and floors around.  So really it was on the main level in the corner of the house, and it got great signals upstairs, main level and in the basement.  At any given time, this wireless connected seamlessly to Laptops, desktops, netbooks, Wii, Xbox & Roku players, DVD w/WiFi, no issues.RELIABILITY: "OK", but could have been better, I say this because there were several times (and I'd say 1 - 2 times per month, sometimes more, sometimes less) that it would have to be totally powered down and booted back up again, as the thing would turn off, or the signal wouldn't broadcast, or something that prevented it from functioning correctly.  Cycling it down (unplugging everything including the power cable) waiting 2 minutes, then hooking everything all back up again would usually solve the problem.  There was twice in this 2 year time frame that I would have to do a total RESET and revert back to factory defaults and reprogram the router/network, for it to take.** Side note, a lot of the time, this happened when I was gone from the house, and my husband and kids, who did NOT know how to address these issues, were livid with the whole thing by the time I came home to correct the problem. Too bad only having mom as the "I.T." specialist of the fam huh? ;-P **ISSUES WITH OTHER NETWORKS IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD: None, always could see a lot of neighbor's wireless signals, but never had issues with them interfering with ours.ISSUES WITH OTHER WIRELESS DEVICES IN MY HOME: again, None.  HOWEVER if I was talking on my cheapo wireless 5.4gHz phones directly near the router, sometimes I'd get a fleeting static interference or something on my phone, but it only lasted a second, and I'd just switch ears and it would be gone. (as the wireless router was about 12 - 20 inches away from my phone while I was talking next to it)EASE OF SETUP: not bad, but if someone didn't know anything about how to do it, I think it could pose a problem, just make sure you set up your SECURITY people!  Do not leave it as an OPEN connection, lock down your networks as you would your home, car, purse or wallet, or children!  SAFETY first!LONGEVITY: Here is where I'm a bit disappointed.  Now I know things don't last forever, but a little shy of two years and the thing just up and dies on me, with no surge in power or lightning or dropping it or anything?  I can almost take the cycling down thing here and there, but just up and die on me like that?  I can get power to it, but the wireless that broadcasts the signal is dead.  It really only half power's on now, and the PC can't even see it when it does decide to power on partially, so I can't even use this as a wired router.  So I had to toss it up to the electronics junkyard.So.. not sure what else I can add, other than my cable company is coming today, to upgrade my modem to a wireless "N" router combo, and my speeds I will now be running 30 Mbps (3 Mbps upload speed), and they actually reduced my bill by $50 a month.  (As I get Cable/Net/Phone bundled)Anyhoo, there it is, and I'm getting away from the privately owned router, and an extra thing on my desktop.  HOWEVER, if I were to have to purchase another, I would go the D-Link route, as my family has these and has never had the types of problems I've had with this Netgear one.It was fun while it lasted (well.. maybe not as fun as it could have been huh?)
This guitar doesn't work with Guitar Hero 2!!!  You will need an adapter if you plan on using it for GH2, and even with the adapter it doesn't work on occasion.
If you have a Vista computer, set up will be difficult and time consuming. The firmware and software must be upgraded before use. Even then, the software will not work without changing the properties of the individual executable files. If this is not done correctly, then the software must be uninstalled and reinstalled. Of course, the uninstall feature does not remove the software completely so the various registry files must be identified and individually removed before reinstalling the software.None of these problems, or the procedures to work around them, are provided by Linksys- it has to be obtained from an internet search. It took me a week to get it operational. Even then, the player won't work after a restart unless the utility program is uninstalled/reinstalled, or the executable files are manually started.Once it is operational, it works as advertised, although there is an occasional brief pause in playback.Bottom line: If I had to do it again, I would not purchase this player; I would buy a different one, probably the airlink.
I have a couple of these devices and know them pretty well. When I got a new computer in 2007, I learned that these did not work with Vista. Well, Linksys finally published new firmware in March 2008, so now they work again! Setting them up by the instructions will only work if you use a Linksys wireless router and plan to use only one music bridge. Otherwise, you need to set them up using your web browser at url: 192.168.1.210. Then you have to know what you are doing, since there are no instructions for that setup method. (If you buy a new one, be sure it says, "Vista" compatible, otherwise, you have to download new firmware and install it through the web browser method. There are no instructions for installing!) To top that, one of my music bridges failed after a year and a half, and I had to buy a replacement. Now everything is working, but I can send music to only one bridge from a computer. If I want both bridges to work at once, I have to use a second computer to send music to the second bridge. Also, there is a buffer delay which means the music timing is different between the two sources - sometimes as much as two seconds! If all that is OK for you, I will say that the output music is high-quality and reliable. I sometimes run both bridges all day on the same music and tolerate the difference in timing. The noise floor is low, there are no interruptions or noises, and I hear no distortion. My wife loves the music I send to the kitchen! (In April 2008, I bought one of these from an Amazon dealer; it did NOT have the Vista firmware.)
I own this and it seems to work OK for stretches of time then locks up.  All WiFi connections stop and power must be cycled.  I got it as a re certified unit (should have been a red flag!) for dirt cheap.  I guess you get what you pay for!!!  Replacing it today!
Has a lot of loose connection issues - so it doesn't work some times. If you move the keyboard a bit, when it is working, it stops working. It collects dust. I don't know how waterproof it is - dont want to try it - already ordered another normal keyboard. Yes, I have key press issue to...I have to strike it hard with concentration in order for the keys to work.
Typing is very difficult on this keyboard. You often have to stop and rehit a letter many times to get it to be recognized. Touch typing is out of the question.
I bought this keyboard to use with a handheld Sony Vaio. It is very difficult to use. If you do not hit the key directly vertically, it does not work. Typing speed is very slow. I think that it is a OK product for the price, but do not expect it to function equivalently to a regular keyboard.
I bought this camera because it was advertised as working with iChat.I use 10.4.9, so theoretically USB cams are supported with iChat.  The OS recognizes the camera fine, but it won't work with iChat.I E-mailed their support about this, but received no answer.
It's nothing but sheet metal.The front and back pieces aren't even secured in place, they slide all around.The power switch is a pain to get to.And mine just died on me yesterday afternoon for no reason.I'm thinking it's either something in the power cable or the switch that came apart.Very shoddy craftsmanship
no se concreto la compra pero muy buena la respuesta en la devolucion del pago
Upon receiving, it was very apparent that this was very low quality (you get what you pay for).It kept my laptop noticeably cooler (though still fairly warm) for about two weeks. After that, the wiring pulled loose. I opened it up and soldering the wires back together. It worked again for another week, then it completely stopped working.
The idea was good.  It serves its purpose and is good for surfing without a desktop.  When I received it, the left button didn't work.  I even tried to switch primary buttons.  The lightwieght super slippery plastic track ball was very squirly and loose (the pointer was very spastic).  Using a heavier-duty rubberized ball would be much better to stop the squirliness.  The 'nub' to help support it doesn't do a darn thing.  Maybe if it (the support 'nub') were longer and curved as to actually have something to grasp onto.  Cute NOVELTY idea but from the looks of other people's posts, it won't last.  Wish its design and materials were better.
I already had one of these, but the vertical movement started to be less and less accurate (I had to scroll a lot to barely move the pointer)So I decided, "hey, It's time to get a new one"  too bad the new one already had the same issue...So, it's a nice product, but the construction may be a little cheap.
Great Idea - A person could experiance the web on their Treo 750 without paying for Data service. I am not sure if it's AT&T's control of my phone, but, It will not allow connection to the web via the WiFi. I can get connection with my home WiFi network - but the phone will not use it for Web access. No Real Spectec support available. Don't count on it... Not in the USA
This little controller is actually quite nice; nice size, good responsiveness. However; after a few months of normal use, the L and R triggers will no longer function correctly.More specifically, the little rubber "spring" inside will get stuck "pushed", if you follow me. So you on-screen object/character is constantly doing whatever it does when you push that trigger.I would not buy this product again. Spend the extra cash on something that will last longer.
This phone has the buttons sticking and makes it nearly impossible to do tasks. It disconnects from wifi constantly and the display stays lit. The software has problems over time.
The unit looks and feels cheap and nasty and my drive did not quite fit into it - drive was aboth 1/8 inch too long so I could not screw in the cover and had to use duct tape. As a result it kept falling apart. Also I get "delayed write failures" when using heavy I/O operations (backups, film copying, etc.) so I stopped using it and installed the drive as a second driveinto my laptop.
Amd realmente SUCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSel athlon x2 6000 tiene unos pipes de cobre que no dejan encajar de una manera confiable el disipador al socket, se me partieron 2 de estos retention modules, por calor ademas la forma de ajustar lo deja a uno pensando que algun dia se va a partir.Intel con su core quad si sabe como ajustar un procesador a una mainboard, realmente intel le lleva muchos a&ntilde;os de ingenieria a AMD.
I never got it to work with palm 700wx - could be user error, that's why I don't hate it.
I've had two of these drives. The first failed within sixty days and never worked again, even with Apacer's low-level formatting tool. The second drive stopped working as a ReadyBoost drive after a year of use.If these drives worked reliably they'd be five stars, no question.
I bought two of these Apacer drives and shortly had both of them fail in the same way: The drive light came on, wouldn't go off, and the drive was rendered completely useless.It took about 2-3 months of trying to reach Apacer before I finally got in touch with a tech support person and they sent me a low-level formatting utility, which restored the usability of these drives.  They are really, really fast.  Sometimes, they are even faster than my laptop's hard drive.But every so often -- for no reason I can determine -- the whole drive will suddenly get corrupted and fail.  Then I have to reset the drive and start all over again.So whatever you do, don't trust these drives!  Get something slower but more reliable.  I much prefer my 2 Gb Kingston Data Traveler 2, for example.  Or the very slow but rock solid Memorex TravelDrive.I'm writing this so that others don't make the same mistake as I did.  If it had just been one of the drives that was flaky, I would consider it a fluke.  But to have two drives die in exactly the same fashion within three months of purchase: that's just poor quality.
My second one just failed. (Mine is the 4GB HT203) Each one lasted about three months as a Vista Readyboost device.  I probably unplugged the thing(s) a total of ten times.  I always use "Safe Remove" for all of my temporary storage devices, of which I have many.They go bad over time.  Too little time.  I have other flash drives and they all fail eventually, but this one is the worst.  It isn't worth the shipping and headache to keep shipping them back for RMAs.I tried the low-level restore/reset/format program several times on both sticks.  Once they go, they are gone!For regular file stuff, go with another stick.For Readyboost, I would suggest that if you have a pagefile on a 7200RPM drive (pretty much the standard), you get next to no benefit from Readyboost and possibly even take a performance hit.  My page file is on a RAID 0 between two 7200 RPM Seagates over SATA2 that are dedicated to paging and temporary files and where the pagefile is on the outer tracks of the platters.  All OS, Application and storage is done on other drives.  I don't even think USB2.0 at its highest throughput can tranfer data as fast.I got off on a tangent.  There is probably no computer that comes pre-loaded with Vista that doesn't have a 7200RPM disk drive and there is maybe one scenario in 100 that might give you 2% - 5% performance improvement from using Readyboost.  Certainly not enough to warrant a dingdong sticking out of the back or side of your computer asking to be broken off.That is not to say that memory installed into the memory bus can't help.  With Vista, I would say 2GB should be the minimum.  Memory accessed through the memory bus is much faster than USB or SATA, so no Flash Drive or Disk Drive can come close.  It is more expensive than Flash Drive memory, but worth it and these days it is pretty easy to install even in a notebook computer.I said too much already.Bottom line is that I am very disappointed with the MTTF of this product.
Similar Apacer memory stick (4GB, same casing) was in use as ReadyBoost stick and died in about a year without any forewarning. No computer will even recognize it being connected anymore.
I am having serious problems with this product.  I can only get about 1.5 gb of data on it before problems arise.  As I am transferring data, I get the message "cannot find file X..." or "Cannot copy X..." or something along those lines.  When that happens, the already transferred data becomes corrupted, and I have to format the card and start over.  Essentially, it's a piece of junk, but I suppose it would work for holding small amounts of data (less than 1.5 gb).  But then why not buy a 1 or 2 gb card that actually works?
They sent the wrong product and didn't respond to email about problem.order from aubuchon hardware instead if you need Dionne udder balm.They sent the correct product!! This product is absolutely wonderful -- don't accept substitutes!!
I bought this thing hoping i would be able to lug around my desktop.The Bad:This is definitely not meant for heavy PC's The thing feels so flimsy that in the end i just carry the computer in my arms.Look at the picture the guy isn't really carrying the PC he's just holding up the handle, when one does lift the computer it starts bending the handle and makes you feel it'll just fall.The Good:I guess I could see this working on a very light Desktop but if it's light why not just carry the PC?
I own this unit for over 1 year now.  It was perfectly fine in the first couple of months, it met my demand back then.  As more codec and mkv file becomes more popular, this unit is not keeping up with the technologies coming out. One reason I bought this unit is that it claims it is upgradable. But I have not seen a single update or upgrade available since I purchased it. To be able to use mkv, I was told to convert the file to avi first, and so far I can successfully converted about 40% of MKV files I have.  All the other failed during conversion or end up with no sound while playback in the unit.  First of all, why can't they provide an update so we don't need to convert. If I need to convert every fricking thing from now on, I can get a much cheaper unit which can only work with one format and have me do conversion  for the rest of its life.Its seems to me they have no intention of utilizing the upgradable feature of the unit or it is just a marketing gimicks.  I would look for unit from other brand which stands behind their products and provides  regular update to keep up with the technologies.
this product are very difficult to setup and and have a lot of problems with their Wireless Chip set, if you are not a geek, this thing might take you more then hour to set it up, I don't recommended, if you really want the wireless HD player, I will go go for other brand that is 80.00 cheaper~
This player does not play HD-video as it is mentioned.People who buy to view H.264 or MKV file will regret buying this product.Beware!
I've tried several similar devices and have to say this is the worst of the lot.Pros:It plays back DVD/ISO files very wellCons:Price point compared to similar products is very highNoisyTerrible wireless network connectivityHorrible user interfaceAdvertising is misleadingTerrible support, no firmware upgrades since May of 2007, despite a large number of complaints.Only supports NDAS "streaming"No internet radioI took this device back for a refund after a very short period of time.  It just wasn't worth the money.  I ended up buy a different product with twice the capabilities for much less with excellent support.BTW...this is the only device I've every owned that has an active user group that recommends returning the product before the return policy expires.  Seriously.
I got this as a Christmas present but unfortunately for me, I never used it until now. So I couldn't get my money back on this but I did not buy it from Amazon. Every time I turn my pc on I have to reset it. Putting batteries in takes a lot of effort and the plastic cover won't come off easily. The pointer will move by itself without any prompting. It's cute and pink but that's it. Save your money and get something better.
do not buy pc with vista operting system.  i don't recomment to buy it . hp didn't use their name brand parts.  compare with dell, what a shame.
Just Say NO to HP...of INDIA!I don't have the words to describe to you the feelings I've been left with after commiting the mistake of buying this system.  Words like "SCREWED", "CHEATED", "ABANDONED", "HURT", and "LEFT HIGH AND DRY" fall very short. Please...read below, and avoid making my mistake.The configuration of this machine has been SLAVED to the vista O/S (aka: MEII or Millennium Edition II). DO NOT purchase this system, UNLESS you are willing to be subjected to the following:1) Be stuck with Vista. Believe me: You DO NOT want this O/S. MEII will not be around that long. Wait. Stay with anything else. Don't make the same mistake I made. MEII (aka vista) truly sucks. I'm not lying, folks.2) Be stuck with HP. Now based in Bangladesh: What could be worse? Service? They told me that if I changed the operating system it would have the effect of VOIDING the hardware warrantee. In other words: No support. Imagine buying a new F-150 truck from Ford, only to be told that your factory warrantee would be void if you changed the tires!! There is no excuse for this unprofessional and cavelier behavior. HP has changed, and NOT for the better....Do not waste your money on this company until they have taken corrective action at the corporate level.3) Be stuck in driver hell. Properly identifying all the integrated devices on this machine can be tough...but...it's even tougher to locate the correct XP drivers for the devices. HP will not help you...you must do it alone. Keep in mind that the native install for XP will NOT include drivers for the SATA disk drives AND there's no floppy installed. If you do not understand the implication of this, then do more research: Falling back to a functional operating system will be very difficult.4) Be stuck spending MONEY. With MEII (vista) it's very possible that you'll need to buy new software. For this machine, you'll need more memory. MEII (vista) is a PIG: It'll be happy with ALL the 1 gig you get with this little box, and nothing less. I just added 2 gigs to this turkey and it is "starting" to act like it knows I'm typing at the keyboard. Save your hard-earned cash. Microsoft and HP don't need it: They'll just use it to pay the wages of their employees....in INDIA!Finally...one good word. I bought this system from CompUSA, some of the nicest people you could ever hope to do business with. Curtious, professional, prompt and friendly. If you've enjoyed doing business with Amazon (as I have), then you're going to Love the folks at CompUSA.And...they have lots of computers to choose from. Just choose the RIGHT one...the one WITHOUT MEII (vista).I wish that I had...
HP has no (zero) useful support. Since I bought it, the screen I have seen most is the "blue screen of death"! Not one iota of useful help from HP. I got the impression that their tech support "experts" are ignorant, arrogant, and both unwilling and unable to offer any help. Thank goodness, this computer is now out of warranty and I won't have to waste any more time with HP!
HP Pavillion A1730N is a joke! it is so SLOW, My old 256 GB XP is faster. The TEC.said I need one more GB to run as fast as my XP because the Vista has so many programs, Try it Before You Buy It.
This computer turned out to be a big headache.  I have had it for six months and the hard drive has crashed twice.  I continue to have problems.  HP customer support is great the first time you call but after that they are unwilling to help.  I can honestly say I will never buy a HP computer again.
This is the third pair I've bought of these Sloggy's. For some reason, this third pair was shorter than the other two pairs I bought, from Target. Great for the garden, and walking the dog, and doing general house work. Very comfortable if they are long enough.
The skin went on fine and worked great til the kids had to change the batteries. It tore trying to get it back on. I ordered 3 of these in different colors and it broke on the first 2. The price was great, I think they should have lasted longer.
When I first opened up the package, it looked kinda cheap and flimsy and I was a little bit disappointed at first sight. Then I put it on my Wiimote and It looked pretty good on it, so the next day i tried to play a game with my new Wiimote cover on. Horrible. The plastic around the 1 and 2 buttons goes up as high as the buttons which makes it really hard to press down, same thing with the A, Home, - and + and also power buttons, the only button that is truly accessible and easy to press is the D-Pad. The Nunchuk cover works great. Looks good over all but i would not recommend it to anyone that would like to play a game with relative ease.
do not buy these! they do not fit the WII remote good. stick with the type of case that come with the wii remote that comes with the console. colorful and useless!
I have had a Max G router for a few years now with nothing but problems.  It is constantly going off line every day.  When I try to connect, a message comes up saying that it is acquiring network address but it never will.  I have to go to the router and unplug it then plug back in to get a signal.  What a pain.  I have also had trouble with the security settings so I have to run it without an security protection.  Are all routers like this?
The Solo 17-inch Business case looks good in the pictures, but is poor quality construction. The side panel material was lose right out of the box and continued to loosen over a short period of time. The side material dents easily and the lid is out of adjustment with very little use. I like the look of the case, but not the quality. My 17.3 inch screen laptop fits perfectly in the case and has more protection than a soft-side bag. I do not recommend this item.
The first unit hold open brackets come apart due to lite duty faster. The replacement unit that is hard to lock, unlock and takes two hands open latch. This unit look good and heavy duty! But it's not.
I love the briefcase, but may remove the combination lock since it was built so poorly. The thing actually changed itself by advancing two of the numbers forward by one position. I've set it, again, and it changed itself, again.Still; it's a snazzy briefcase. I feel like I got a good deal in spite of the trashy combination lock.
Case is lightweight because it is plastic painted silver.  Additionally the case looks smooth in the picture, but it is really textured plastic material.  Not suitable for the event I was having where the cases needed to be engraved.
Was not what was advertised. Instead of receiving protectors for the Nintendo they were for cell phones. Sure they can work some but you have to cut and fit them to the screen and that's not what I was looking for.
I bought this keyboard/mouse to control Mythtv from my couch.  The keyboard is all of 15 feet from the computer, but I can't find a reliable orientation for the receiver.  The way I make it work is to tilt the keyboard.  I think the keyboard's internal antenna must transmit most of the energy in the vertical dimension rather than horizontally.  With that assumption, if I pick up the keyboard and "aim" the top or bottom directly at the receiver, it works reliably from that distance.  I'm sure it would work great if I placed the receiver directly under the coffee table, but if I run a wire that far I might as well go all the way and use a wired keyboard.It works great if I put it 3 feet away from the computer.  But again, it might as well be wired.The mouse eats batteries if you leave it in any position that it finds interesting.  I can't really detail what those positions are because I only let it happen twice before I gave up on it.  I don't really need the mouse for Mythtv.
My second one just failed. (Mine is the 4GB HT203) Each one lasted about three months as a Vista Readyboost device. I probably unplugged the thing(s) a total of ten times. I always use "Safe Remove" for all of my temporary storage devices, of which I have many.They go bad over time. Too little time. I have other flash drives and they all fail eventually, but this one is the worst. It isn't worth the shipping and headache to keep shipping them back for RMAs.I tried the low-level restore/reset/format program several times on both sticks. Once they go, they are gone!For regular file stuff, go with another stick.For Readyboost, I would suggest that if you have a pagefile on a 7200RPM drive (pretty much the standard), you get next to no benefit from Readyboost and possibly even take a performance hit. My page file is on a RAID 0 between two 7200 RPM Seagates over SATA2 that are dedicated to paging and temporary files and where the pagefile is on the outer tracks of the platters. All OS, Application and storage is done on other drives. I don't even think USB2.0 at its highest throughput can tranfer data as fast.I got off on a tangent. There is probably no computer that comes pre-loaded with Vista that doesn't have a 7200RPM disk drive and there is maybe one scenario in 100 that might give you 2% - 5% performance improvement from using Readyboost. Certainly not enough to warrant a dingdong sticking out of the back or side of your computer asking to be broken off.That is not to say that memory installed into the memory bus can't help. With Vista, I would say 2GB should be the minimum. Memory accessed through the memory bus is much faster than USB or SATA, so no Flash Drive or Disk Drive can come close. It is more expensive than Flash Drive memory, but worth it and these days it is pretty easy to install even in a notebook computer.I said too much already.Bottom line is that I am very disappointed with the MTTF of this product.
These routers are notorious for eating up the power supply.  It went out after 6 months of owning it and so I bought a new power supply.  That one only last a year before it went out.  Router worked great when it did work, but than again so does the netgear I replaced it with.
If you have a iBook, iMac, or any other Apple computer with a Airport card, you can set up this Modem with ease, wirelessly, but don't drive yourself crazy and go it alone, call your internet provider and have them walk you through it. After 3 hours of messing with the disks and trying to install the unit using the CD's and paperwork that came with the unit, I was surfing the net after a quick 15 min call to my internet provider. You first have to plug the unit into the power supply, when the power light stops flashing, then connect the phone cord to the modem. You can then set up the unit by entering the 192.###.1.###.# number into your browser, all dictated to you via your service provider's customer support. There's a built in firewall, but once you entered the password (serial number on the back of the unit) your computer is good to go. People complain that DSL is slow but I have not run into that problem, "I'm running DSL lite (Bellsouth-AT&T;) and I download 4 mb MP3's in about 15-25 seconds. Pages load up quickly, including content heavy Myspace pages."This beats the $120 modem my provider wanted to sell me, or $75 for a modem without the wireless capabilities. And the modem is yours to keep!! Your modem can be placed anywhere as long as there is a phone jack and power cord available, and this unit does not have to ever be connected to a computer.
We got AT&T DSL at home and they recommended this modem/router. Worked reasonably well for a year, not needing to be restarted, etc., until one day, apropos of nothing, it just completely stopped working. No storm, no surge, just crapped out randomly. I called AT&T tech support (and oh how I could write a separate review of that!) and learned that it needed to be replaced. Over at Best Buy, I did some research and talked to a tech guy and found out that wireless G is outdated technology anyway. N is much faster. Got a Netgear with wireless N and it is definitely faster. Don't know if it will oulast the 2Wire but the cost was exactly the same at Best Buy. Long story short: one year of service and outmoded technology means you might consider something else.
after purchasing this modem[my 3rd as the first 2 were from at&t]it became clear that it is a great unit.. wile it works.. all 3 units i had broke down within days of warranty expiration.. the first 2 i figured was AT&T getting there money out of me as both expired within 2weeks of warranty running out, but the fact that this one did the same leads me to believe it is the unit. don't get me wrong when it is up and running it cranks out what i need but longevity is important as well
I purchased one of these routers from Amazon back in August, and it worked really well. But recently, I began to lose my wifi signal to my wireless devices (Macbook, iPhone, Roku Netflix Player). I'll be happily surfing the net from my Macbook, and then, it'll just drop out. And after I try to find the signal to connect again, and I cannot do so until I reset some of the settings on the router. I cannot keep a connection for more than 7-10 minutes, then the modem resets fro 5-10 minutes, and the signal appears again. After doing some research (google: 2wire 2700 signal drop), I've found that this is a problem, especially on Mac computers--though my buddy's xp laptop also loses connection quite often. Called the seller's tech support, and they said it was out of warranty, and that the antennas had probably gone bad! VERY FRUSTRATING!!! But, if all you need is a wireless modem, and have no plans to use this as a router, then you should be fine. I can still use the 2wire when connected via ethernet, just a hassle.
I bought this radio for the iPod integration.  I should have chosen another model, as the interface is rather clunky.  If you have a large playlist, you have to keep pressing one button until you find the one you want.  Also, it may not work with newer iPods and iPhones, so there's that to consider.
If you are considering buying this because of it's built in iPod connectivity, read this first: If you have an iPod with a lot of songs on it, this receiver will disappoint and annoy you because of a very poorly developed song navigation system. Here is why...to scroll through your library, you are required to depress a little button as the unit takes almost a full second per selection to scroll. This means that if your iPod contains 500 artists and you want to scroll to an artist in the middle alphabetically, you must depress this button for 250 seconds..or almost four minutes of continually pressing a little tiny button. This is not only annoying, it's downright dangerous for a car stereo to require that much focus to adjust. I'm for one very disappointed in Sony for marketing a product like this with such poorly developed features. It seems like the people who developed it only had a few dozen songs on their test iPods and real-world testing was never a consideration. The iPod features of this stereo are a novelty at best.The one way around this nuisance is to make playlists of songs, albums, or artists you like...however this is inconvenient and you quickly run into the exact same problem as you accumulate more and more playlists. Not only that, but when the iPod is connected to this stereo, it's totally locked out and you can't control it using the far superior iPod interface.However...every other aspect of this stereo is pretty good, and that's why  I'm giving it two stars. The connectivity options are great (USB port is a cool option!). The analog 3.5mm auxilary port is probably the best way to use your iPod with this stereo as you can continue to use the iPod to navigate your music. Other standard features of this deck are fine and work well.It's a shame that a receiver with this much potential falls totally flat on one of it's most appealing features. I'd not recommend this stereo if your iPod music library is larger than a few hundred songs.
I purchased two Dynex Wireless G USB Adapters last night. The purpose was to add my Tivo and newly purchased Xbox 360 to my home network.The Wireless G adapter tested fine on my laptop, so I went and tried it out on Tivo.  Tivo doesn't support that kind of adapter.  Then I went to my Xbox  360.  While the adapter would power up,the system refused to recognize the adapter.  Per my conversations with Dynex's tech support, this was my fault exclusively.So the system didn't work for what I needed it to, the tech support staff wasn't helpful, and I now have to return both of these adapters.  Overall, I do not recommend this product.
The description and pictures shows 1GB but when the item arrived it was actually 512MG.  The card works fine so I will keep it.  But I will never order from this vendor again.
I was looking for a home theater pc form factor and I found out about the MSI media live from the linux mce website. I was glad to find it on amazon but the price is about $90 more than the one listed on newegg ($339 with $20 mail-in rebate). This is way overpriced compared to their competitor it doesn't make sense to buy this from Amazon. Also, this version uses the previous CPU/Motherboard technology and doesn't new the recently release Phenom cpus. They're faster with 4 cores, which is best suited for a hybrid configuration.
Great colorful keyboard for kids to learn where vowels, consonants, numbers are. But it's not made to last. After about a year of light use, several keys started becoming unresponsive, in random places on the keyboard. It think it has something to do with an problem in the circuitry, not a mechanical problem with the keys themselves. Buyer beware.
Have trouble getting it to go together with the wii controller, could improve on it, not to happy about the product, would not have bought it if I knew it was so hard to get together.
I bought the bluetooth adapter from cable4less, no name adapter.It was the blueSoleilcame with software 1.6.1.4, would not work, could not be uninstalled...8 . QBBFUN1001: Why is BlueSoleil still there after I uninstall it from control panel and reboot?A: The old version has this bug, and we have fixed it. Propose solution to remove BlueSoleil as follow: from the install packet (old version), please find the program "uninstall.exe", click and choose "no" in the next window, then it will uninstall automatically.nope- won't unistall, will have to take it out with regedit.the FAQ has phrases like " wicked device manufacturers. "
I bought these because of the high ratings and was quite disappointed.  The speakers sounded tinny - no spaciousness in the sound.  Midrange was disappointing, and bass was completely non-existent, except for a low power hum when I turned up the volume.Maybe for gaming they would be OK, but not for classical music!  I tested them on Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor.  The Cambridge Soundworks system on my wife's computer sounds great with the same youtube.
Tinny and irritating treble.  Bass was okay.  Each tune I played required adjustment...though no adjustment would eliminate the high-pitch screechy tone.
I just finished listening to a variety of music on these speakers.  I stuck with Altec because the last set was AWESOME.  Unfortunately I can not say the same for this set.  The sound is not clear and sharp.  If you are a true music fanatic, don't get this set.  I figured the Altec name would keep quality up there as it had in the past.  Not the case here.  I'm sending them back and upgrading.  Lesson learned.If you are not real picky on the sharpness of the sound that comes out of your stereo, then these will please you.
This skin is padded which is nice when you write on a piece of paper on top of it. However it does not stay on the laptop at all. The edge lift when the laptop is closed. When the laptop is open, it slowly peels back starting from the top. The only way it stays is if you tape the edges with scotch tape which I have done. If you don't mind taping it down, it's alright. I gave it 2 stars for the looks and padding
I just bought this dancepad, so we'll see how long it lasts. Unfortunately, I run through dancepads (should probably learn how to play DDR more effectively). But the foam inserts are really soft. It may mess with the accuracy, but maybe the tradeoff is comfort when doing all of those high intensity jumps and whatnot. Also, it does not slip that much on carpet.UPDATE 3/30/14After playing with more hard foam inserts, and without any at all, this is not a good dancepad. I think the arrows get stuck often.
It dies if you're doing something that requires the use a large number of different ports, I think it's related to the cheap chipset being used. There's virtually no support. The firmware is kinda of messed up and I couldn't initially enable UPnP, even after updating the firmware. The wireless internet connection drops out from time to time and has to be unplugged. Functions about 70 - 80% of the time without issue.
In the 6 months or so I've been using it it hasn't been stable. I have frequent performance problems that are resolved by unplugging it and plugging it back in. I've used a couple of other wireless routers without these issues so I have to believe that it's the router that's the source of the issues.These issues seem to be exacerbated by load. When a few people in the house are using it even the latency is inconsistent.  I wouldn't recommend it.
I bought this card in replace my laptop wifi card.This card works well with adapters B and G, I haven't tested yet on N adapter but the signal is bad.With this card I think you get what you paid, as I mentioned before, It works but not as you want.
This was great.  Easy to install, easy to use, and just my luck only worked half the time.  This would only burn half the lightscribe top layer.  The disk would have to be inserted numerous times and sometimes the entire picture would burn.  I thought I had purchased faulty disks--not the case!  I purchased a faulty burner.  HP has the worst customer service (it feels wrong puting the two phrases in the same sentence).  Never again!
I've been using this dvd writer for about two months now.  Sometimes it works fine.  Sometimes it doesn't.  It plays movies without a hitch, but I end up throwing out about half the dvds I try to burn either because it aborts in the middle of the burning process or because the final dvd won't play (either on my computer of my dvd player).  I bought it to replace an internal dvd writer, which worked with my existing software for years, so I know the problem is not with the software or my system.  I'm not happy and would not buy this product again, knowing what I now know about it.
After reading such positive reviews about Buffalo routers, I was surprised with the experience that I have had with the WHR-G54S.  The internet speed will deteriorate greatly after heavy traffic and not recover until rebooted.  I have been rebooting it about once a day and sometimes the internet will suddenly stop working.  I am going to buy a new router.
Unfortunately, while the product itself has no problems, but they send me the one for other Pentax models (K5, K7). I have no idea if they did it on purpose or not... not bothered to send it back though.
this model works great, till power goes out or you accidently unplug it...been 2 days now and still cant get it to connect.
I've been having a real problem with this modem. Normally, it works fine, but when there's even a hint of thunderstorms - or even just overcast clouds - the connection slows way down, if not breaks off entirely. Right now, it's several hours after a front went through, and I barely even got  any rain and it's still very slow. I looked on the internet, and found out that others have had issues with thunderstorms affecting the unit. Apparently, it's not shielded, and the electrical interference affects the unit. I dread dealing with Verizon, but I'm going to have to get another brand modem to correct the problem.
I purchased this keyboard over 8 months ago and while the keyboard itself is great, it has great response, feels very comfortable and the battery life is excellent, I purchased this for an HTPC so the trackball/mouse performance was very important to me.The mouse cursor is very jittery and has a tendency of either jumping across the screen or not moving at all. I got an exchange thinking I had a bump keyboard but the replacement had the same behavior.  If you're mainly going to use this for Media Center and have a MCE remote then it should be ok since most operations can be handled from the remote.  But if you plan on doing anything that require extensive mouse control like surfing the net then the lack of accurate control can get really annoying fast.
I just noticed that I never gave this thing a review when I purchased it years ago. Anyway, it's junk. The range is poor IF you can get it to work at all. Just get a new devices with wifi or BT built in and save yourself the trouble. I did give it two stars due to the fact that I was able to get it to work a few times and if it could be made more stable to would have been useful.
I bought this for my Palm Tungsten E2, and you know what?  It doesn't work.  This card doesn't work with *the most popular model* of *the most popular brand*.It seems like business-suicide to put out a product that isn't even usable for a really huge chunk of its target consumer demographic.  The technician at Spectec says that they'll post up a driver for Palm when they've created it.Frankly, that doesn't do us any good.  When you buy a product and spend a lot for it, you generally expect to use it straight away, then and there, without needing to wait for a phantom driver that may or may not ever be created.  The least they could do in this scenario is begin working on a driver, and then inform its customers when it would be available.  If you paid good money for this, you should be getting specific dates.  And, it should be clearly marked on the package with which systems this product works.  I need specifics so I can know whether or not to return this item for another one.  "Maybe" and "in the future" are terms that do not suit a professional vocabulary.But even if you don't use Palm, you might have difficulty with this product.  To start with, the user manual is in very broken English, very flawed in words, grammar and syntax.  It's hard to understand -- and I'm someone that has had a lot of experience speaking with people from other countries.  I can understand through very thick accents, yet it's taking me a while to decipher what the user manual says.  It's truly that bad.  This again is ludicrous.  Now, I understand that the makers of this item are in Taiwan, and Chinese is the language there; but if you plan to sell the product in English-speaking countries, you really need to cater to those linguistic needs.  It isn't hard to just go out and find someone who speaks English well and ask that person to comb over the manual to make sure things make sense.  English-speakers are not hard to come by in that part of the world.The company really needs to shape up if it wishes to make progress.  I'm really don't like to get hard on people like this, but the problems with this product are ridiculous.  Even as patient as I usually am, the service with this company is just so inferior that I'm giving this item a 1.5-star rating.The only plus I can think of is that this card doesn't stick out awkwardly.  That's it.  Its only bonus for me is that it won't take up much space while I wait for the ruddy driver to be published.
I have received Spected SDW-820 WiFi 802.11b, instead of SDW-821. It works but it is not the item that I have ordered and paid. What can we do?Kindest regardsRoberto Giarda
I have no problems with the seller, product arrived very fast and well packaged.I tried this battery out with Super Mario Galaxy. Everything was fine until a little while into the game, the on-screen cursor started rapidly blinking in and out of existence, it seemed as if the controller kept connecting and reconnecting with the system. I tested it out again with regular batteries and can only conclude that the problem is with the battery pack itself.This battery pack also has a hard time holding a charge. I tried it again a while later, after charging, and in less than an hour of gameplay I saw it go from a full charge down to blinking red on-screen.As of right now, this is not a product I would recommend, I'll be sticking to rechargeable batteries.
this product was not satisfactory, it froze alot and had to be reset often. My daughter gave me a newer version of the linksys and it is quite a different animal its great
Ok,I have a generic laptop that boots Vista, Fedora Core, and nUbuntu running a generic internal Broadcom chipset for WiFi.  Either my internal card is really good or this external USB WiFi Adapter is not all that great.  I am leaning toward the latter.In both the Windows and Linux variants the USB adapter typically only picked up half of the APs that my internal card did.  I tried with and without an USB extension cord and with and without the internal card disabled.  The results were always the same - this adapter performed mediocre at best.The cheap plastic case feels like a badly made toy that could break under marginal duress.  The bit where the antenna screws on feels particularly weak and everytime I adjusted the antenna orientation I worried I was going to snap something.  The antenna itself seems of decent quality - it clearly was not manufactured in the same facility as the adapter itself.So...you get what you pay for (I paid $15).  It works as advertised, but I would recommend passing on this particular adapter.  The only interesting thing about this was my cat's compulsion to chew on the antenna...
This product almost lasted me a month. The family computer was using an old Alfa adapter that finally died so I had bought this one because this company really makes some good adapters. But this thing... I'm a bit disappointed. The signals are weak, there is no light to indicate anything and sometimes I just randomly disconnects. Save your money for something a little better.
Works OK in Windows 7 but conflicts with Verizon in Vista.  I had to disable the driver and uninstall the software before I could get back on the internet
Just received this screen and when I look at, there are a series of diagonal lines going across the entire screen.  I have a Lenovo T61 and while it covers the screen nicely, I'm getting headache looking thru it.  The tabs used to hold the screen in place are very cheap and fall off.  Indeed, the instructions suggest buying 3M tabs to hold the screen.  Bottom line, this is going to be returned and I will have to pay the extra for the 3M.
Very disappointed.  I attached the screen filter as directed, was able to view the screen from any angle. I will be purchasing the 3M screen filter. If you just want to reduce the glare this is the one, if you want privacy I do not recommend it.
there was only just a very small amount inside the applicator. i didnt have enough for my cpu and it cause my temps to be very high idling!!! the temp was 58 degrees celcius i have a amd a8 6600k richland with a msi a75ma-e35 motherboard. and now i have to buy more thermal paste. i want my money back!
It says it fits 9XXX series nVidia, well not mine.  I have an nVidia 9600GT and the mounting holes on the card are too far apart for the small heat sink pad to attach with the screws.  It looks to be constructed well and has good instructions but sadly didn't fit my card.
The idea is good, and the design is good. But:1. This is a generic Chinese product. It does not even have a name besides "HDD Player". I spent a couple hours trying to find the manufacturer. I found that it is produced by a dozen of different factories from parts, but still there is no good manual or any firmware upgrades online.2. My item refused to play NTFS disks, no matter how hard I tried (even a newly formatted NTFS disk). I found out that my item had a Sunplus chipset in it, and one of the manufacturers says explicitly that this chipset does not support NTFS. So, if the product description below mentions NTFS, it might be false (unless they now supply players with another chipset, but how will you know it?).3. It does play _most_of my videos using a FAT32 disk. They are all avi or mpg files, I have no idea why it refuses to play some selected files.4. I would probably wait until there are good branded HDD players on the market. Someone has to take the responsibility for the product description, product support and firmware upgrades.
Not the greatest little device at all, I bought this because it was inexpensive, but come to find out you get what you pay for.  When trying to use this little hub it would lose connectivity with multiple devices plugged in, I did end up buying a replacement hub by a more popular name and it works great without any issues.
I've been using this battery for three months, and it's already having a difficult time holding a charge and drains quickly (Dell Inspiron E1705). In the past week, the battery has never exceeded 10% life remaining, even after turning the unit off and leaving the AC plug in.There is a possibility that it's not the battery's fault, which is why this is a 2-star review and not one. But all indications point towards the battery. Buyer beware.
Didn't last long, USB was fragile. We will use this device in a pinch, while waiting for another HDE 7.1 channel USB external sound card audio adapter. But only in a pinch.
When it first arrived the front of the usb was warped so I had to wedge it into place to fit it into my computer.I hooked the device to my computer and the sound worked but not my microphone. I know my mic works since I tested it using the rear mic jack.  I am not sure why the mic isn't getting recognized but the sound is.
I don't like this because everytime you log off the computer and then log back on you have to go through the steps to install it all over again. This is everytime that you log on and try to get on the net.
I ordered on July 29 the PQI USB 2.0 SecureDigital High-Speed (SDHC) Card Reader pitched by Cameta Camera for $5.95 plus $2.95 shipping and handling for a $8.90 total, ignoring tax.  I chose it on the strength of reviews, rather than the Zeikos card reader that sells for $2.99 INCLUDING SHIPPING.  Expected delivery was to be Aug 17.  All other items ordered the same date from other suppliers arrived promptly.  The Cameta shipment arrived August 23, even though an apparently early email said it had been shipped.What arrived?  The Zeikos Secure Digital Memory Card Reader!  I opted for the PQI hoping it would be a bit sturdier than the reviews for the Zeikos reader indicated.  One plus for the Zeikos is that it comes with a short USB extension cord, so that the reader will not have to take the space of two usb slots, as other readers I have do.I have not tested my Zeikos yet, but if it proves defective, I'll update this report.  In any event, unless you can get a firm commit from Cameta that they will send you the PQI, BEWARE.  SAVE MONEY, GET THE $2.99 shipping included reader!My two star rating is really for Cameta Camera.  Since I and others I know read negative reviews, I hope you do to and can be forewarned.
I bought this mouse for it's 7 button capabilities.  While the product seems well enough made the side buttons are difficult to reach and hard to press.  To me, it defeated the purpose of the side buttons and I sent it back.  I'll stick with my Intellimouse optical with 5 buttons for now but I sure would love a 7 button mouse with buttons I could reach.
The lights look pretty, the size is average, not too high and not too low.  Materials are decent. The bottom casing is shiny; they are different from the one that encases the top and bottom, being the result of weird clicking sounds after several days of usage and an eerie feel like chalkboard while clicking.  The right and left buttons they start misclicking and feeling shoddy, and sounding awkward.Overall the quality is pretty decent, the lights light up, the technology is 3G infrared which is supposed to be not unlike laser except it cant read or process information if its lifted from the mousepad/wood etc. The mouse feet are softer than my Logitech G5 but they dont cover much space, its not a big issue. The scroll button is fine it has a lot more ridges in the interior so that you can move more with less, so the drivers and Windows or any other OS can make use of more "lines".  My major issue was the inability to simply drag and click because the mouse's feet caved inward at an angle so you had to 'grip' it with your thumb and pinky just to move it, and coupled with the fact the mouse buttons are not a simple curve its more inverted actually so its unusual to click even, and that just felt weird after a while.  The good thing about the mouse is that its ambidextrous meaning its not favoring one angle of the left/right main button over another, and both left and right handed folks can use it.  The bad thing is I am still using my 'ergonomic' Logitec G5 from 2005, even if that one feels like a brick and its not ambidextrous, but the main buttons don't 'creak'.The performance of the Razer Diamondback 3G flame red (was supposed to get frost blue but the sender was BS, but not a big issue), is generally good the drivers felt more gamer than anything but they didnt scream 'sleak' by any means the drivers didnt take up too much memory and the program itself is pretty small, its probably the fraction of the Logitech drivers.Conclusion: I would love to try other Razer products to make up my mind on the company's mice, but this one, at least was a decent effort, but I will not recommend it to anyone because the end product is bad, but if you are a gamer and want to test drive this mouse, I say go for it, but the main buttons' quality starts degrading immediately upon using, so beware.  While the side buttons are a bit more allocated to the top-back side and have ridges to know which button is which, it would help to make them separate from each other. It's almost more  eye-candy with the flossy bottom casing that's more reminiscent of a cellphone; and the cool bright lights at night, but it's not something you could use for more than 1 month, and that's being generous.
I am disappointed with this panel. My biggest beef is that, with some of the cables, each wire is terminated separately from the others. You have to figure out which individual pin each wire corresponds to on your computer's motherboard connector. The audio headset jack imparts a noticeable buzz to the sound coming out of two different, working headsets; the computer case's front mic jack doesn't have this problem.The connectors all function, and it's handy having the extra USB ports plus an IEEE1392 port on the front of the PC case, but overall it's a disappointing product and it's way too difficult to install.
I didn't think this device did very well.  It fell apart a few times too.  I wouldn't purchase it again.  I switched to broadband!!
I only use this router when I need wifi as it overheats and stops working.  I must unplug it for 15-20 minutes to cool down.  Should have spent a little more to get a better router.
Not worth the money.  Home Depot has an excellent sleeve for the same price.  Check it out.
These are Dollar $tore items. Can get 20 in a pk usually so price is somewhat fair here. OK for storage but not good for any kind of toting around. Rip very easily. Imagine thin as tissue. But the colored part IS a sort of synthetic fabric so yes, it does protect the good side.  Get these if you plan to use for storage only else you will be disappointed. Not fit for gift giving or mailing. I would use the envelope style for that. I use the CASE LOGIC sleeves for CDs that get any kind of transport. I like the black ones (case logic napster) but not easy to find reasonably priced. Not sure why. I found the white ones here though. Other styles (like these thin sleeves and envelopes) you can get cheaper at your local store. I will chek out Home Depot though...that is just downright funny.
Wireless speed is terrible. Wireless will not work with my ps3 for games, only web browsing. Wired works ok.
The problem is that Finereader does not provide an interface with networked scanners which are becoming more popular. My scanner is:Hp Photosmart B110a (Embedded Web Server).The scanner does have a pdf option but the conversion  it is not  as good as FineReader otherwise I could dispense with FineReader altogether.At the moment I'm having to scan the document to a temporary .jpeg file then read this file into FineReader.All rather tedious.Contacted tecnical support. No help.
The display has huge backlight leackage problems on the righthand side. The technical representatives are not agnolaging these issues and refuese to do anything about it.I will update this review if they will help to resolve the problems
I bought this so that I could record TV on my PC and had nothing but problems.  It loaded up fine and I used the software that came with it but no matter what I did it would only pick up one or two channels which would proceed to disappear the next time I turned it on.  Scanning for channels took forever and often froze my computer up.  I've got excellent reception via a rooftop antenna and have never had a problem with other cards or TV's in my house.  Wouldn't recommend.
This thing takes forever to find channels, or do anything at all really.. sadly it just takes up space in my computer not being used now
not too thrilled w/this --- they don't tell you that you cant use your motor drive and this card at the same time until after ya buy it and even then that info is hard to retrieve --- put up another (stationary) dish for it or don't buy this guy if you have a motor drive dish ....
The device had worked for few month, but after that the tags one-by-one became less sensitive. Before a year, all tags ended up in a drawer. Battery replacement hasn't helped. BTW, the main unit uses unique/expensive 12v batteries.
Price was great, but reception is poor. Wireless signal frequently lost and keeps coming up and going off for no apparent reason. USB plug not a tight fit and a slight bump or movement also causes lost signal.
I was very excited when I found this product. I'd been looking for an audio solution for my  new Vista PC that would support EAX 3D sound with Windows Vista. I really needed an external solution due to no free slots. This gadget is advertised as supporting Windows Vista EAX all over the Internet, in particular the ASUS product page. So, I finally get it late (won't buy from ANTonline again) and installed it. Downloaded latest drivers, connected my digital 5.1 Logitech speaker system, started Diablo 2, went to sound options and EAX WAS GRAYED OUT. Tried the same thing with Quake 4. No luck. Emailed ASUS technical support, got the following response:"From what I could find on the net, It seems that Microsoft took away HAL(Hardware Application Layer), And that seems to be why you and others are having issues with the sound option. I do not have any release info on when or if MS will even fix the issue in windows."I ALREADY NEW THAT, BUT ASUS CLAIMS EAX SUPPORT ANYWAY.Conclusion: ASUS is either very stupid or very fraudulent!So, if you do not care about EAX game sound support, this is actually not a bad solution. But no good for me. I have asked Amazon's help is sending it back. ANTonline refused a return.
Although it is supposedly a higher capacity 12 cell battery pack it only runs my computer for about 15 minutes - barely enough time to boot it up and turn it off!. If I were to buy another battery I'd spend the extra money and get one from HP.
Somebunny goofed up on this description! It connects a SATA Interface to a EIDE/ide Hard Drive, NOT a EIDE/IDE interface to a SATA HD! -As listed here!I know! I bought one, and it is opposite to the listed description here! It may work, but not on my EIDE/IDE Interface MoBo!
I got this case for my boyfriend for Christmas and the velcro was ripping off in two places and there were strings hanging off of it. I read the return policy and there was a 10% fee on returns plus s&h so he just decided to superglue it and keep it anyhow. Hopefully it doesn't fall apart anymore. Otherwise nice looking product.
I purchased this drive a number of years ago, and it's been very reliable.  My only complaint is that after some recent updates, my OS seems to have difficulty recognizing it as a DVD-RW drive (although some programs still recognize it and will use it as such).  Plus, the software that came with it has NEVER been compatible with it.I'm currently using it with my laptop in an external case.  Mostly, I use it for burning music CD's (I'm an amateur vocalist), but on occasion I've managed to burn a DVD.  Not often, though, because of the software incompatibilities.  The only program that's been able to burn DVD's with it is MusicMatch Jukebox... an audio program.If it weren't for the compatibility issues, I'd recommend this drive.  I've used it for years, and it's traveled to both coasts.  However, with all of the software problems, I cannot in good conscience recommend this drive.
you have better choices for the price, and it is impossible to get any apps on the net because it does not come with any CD to sync with  the computer
I installed this upgrade into my late 2009 Mac Pro 4 core machine.First off, this item does not come with instructions, it is meant to be installed by an Apple service center.  So I had to search the web to figure it out.  Once I had the instructions, the installation was not too difficult, and can be accomplished by some one with some minor technical skills.The range was not very good with my Mac Pro.  I was less than 30 feet (and through one wall) to my wireless router, and yet, it dropped a lot of packets.  After about two frustrating weeks, I went ahead and just moved the router, and now use a wired connection.
Slow Slow Slow shipping.Hard to use. I tried it a few times and now it rests in my drawer of other useless geek items.
it's a great idea. But it's nothing more then a cool looking toy. Way too glitchy for precision work. Glad it didn't cost much.
A cool idea and fun to play with the first day, but beyond that it's really more trouble than it's worth.  Any decent laptop will have a built-in touchpad far superior to this junk.
Looks cool.  Great concept.  It seems to track well but it is awkward to us.  It was cheap enough so I am not upset.  This was a cool idea that I tried but that simply didn't work out for me.
This finger mouse is somewhat of an oddity; but, because it was so inexpensive and because I was looking for an alternative to having to purchasing a pricey graphics tablet, I decided to spring a few bucks and see if this would suffice.  With respect to the mouse's ability to draw/trace - it is good - but not excellent.  You can hold it as you would a pen and it follows the path relatively well on virtually any surface.  The problem occurs when you try to click the button on the mouse (when required to complete a drawing task by your program - Adobe Photoshop in my case).  This action results in enough movement of the mouse to cause an inadvertent results in your work 90% of the time.  So as good as its promise, I was not able to use it to achieve the results I was looking for with any consistency.
Everything works, but I find trying to utilize the buttons while strapped to my finger very difficult.
The USB Finger Mouse is not a Problem solver it is very Awkward to use and not Practical!!  Really don't work
i had to use it on my finger tip, just for the pointer to move i needed to use a mouse pad, its really cheap quality. I was dissapointed.
my fingers are too small to work this device.  Not goingto use it very much do to husband does not like
It is handy when used against your clothes (i.g. leg pants)The mouse reveals to be imprecise during the use.Sometimes the buttons are uneasy to reach.Totally unusable on glossy surface.It seems more a toy than a tool.
Just took it out of the box, plugged it in and was struck by how bright the red light emitted by the device actually is and how its reflecting off just about any surface -- it makes me not want to look at it. Device was immediately recognized by Windows with no hassles.Buttons are very sensitive, easy to unintentionally click. Had to unplug to position it on my finger to avoid making a thousand random clicks as I adjusted it on my finger. Had to figure out which way the axis are oriented. Requires very controlled delicate movement. Maybe lowering my mouse  sensitive in the control panel might make this device easier to use. But as it is, out oft the box, it takes too much conscious effort to control it for it to feel comfortable. Maybe with more use it will begin to feel natural?Its just awkward having to be that aware of the pointing device at all times.I expected as much when I placed my order -- so at least I can't say it disappoints.
This was the mouse I used when I was web surfing because it don't like my laptop touchpad.  The mouse was easy to use, comfortable and it took up no space.  It was not appropriate when I needed to type, but for web surfing or other high-click/low-typing activities it was great.Unfortunately, it fell apart in about 3 days.  First the click wheel snapped out. Next one of the click buttons broke off.Too bad.  It was really nice while it lasted.
Interesting idea. I have not been able to keep the tracking head close enough to the reading surface to always control the mouse and have trouble keeping it steady when using the mouse buttons.
I bought it as a gimick, and didn't expect much, but the build quality is atrocious,even by the standards of cheap China junk.  It does work, and the drivers installed, so I'm giving it 2 stars, but I wouldn't get another one, that's for sure.
Well, as warned, it only works if you put it to the end of your finger and press the device against the table.  Which is awkward and hard to do.Whatever; it was $2.50 including shipping.  I'll find a gag gift use for it.
This thing is practically free so I don't regret the purchase.  But It's too heavy to rest on a finger.My laptop trackpad is too sensitive so I turned it off and use a mouse.  I was hoping to use the USB Finger Mouse while on my laptop while sitting on the couch.  It is simply too heavy to leave on my finger without significant strain.  Also, the laser only registers on a non-reflective surface.  Therefore, using it over my trackpad area doesn't work well.
I did a video review in 1080HD so it is too big to upload here, even though it is under the 10 minute time limit.You can see it here: http://youtu.be/YtyxyDkJN0oI also wrote about it in the &#34;About&#34; section under the linked video.Overall, make sure you don't buy this thinking it shoots a laser out and tracks your finger movements.  It has to rub along the surface, with no space between, just like any other optical mouse.  I found that it didn't even work in some places my normal mouse does.For the price, if you use your computer in bed or on the couch a lot, and like to have a mouse, this may be something to try.  Otherwise I do &#34;not recommend&#34; this product.
really not a good product did not work 2 well really not a good product did not work 2 well
I noticed some issues straight away; there is only 2 buttons when the description said 3, and the right button is impossible to use in the default position, you have to press on the flat bit up the top instead of the paddle that's sticking out. The location of the buttons means that you can only use one at a time unless you hold it backwards, requiring the use of a program such as [...] to invert the mouse movements. It also has a metal bar sticking out over the strap, but it is removable, unlike the strap itself that does nothing but get in the way.Overall it is decent for the low price and useful for drawing in photoshop, but due to the many design issues it is unusable for 3d modelling or gaming.
I was pleased that it arrived so quickly, except for the fact that there are no instructions telling me how it works. Also, I did purchase a wireless mouse that looks like a car. I can use it, but what is the purpose of a dot to place just behind the wheel in the roof that makes scrolling up or down much faster. It has CPI
It didn't  say that you had to have on the sufarce of a tablet or pad to use it. It works, but better on the midle finger to use the clicks.
Definitely an interesting way to use a mouse, though very cheaply made. The optical sensor is bright red and very annoying every time you lift your hand to type on the keyboard. Also no 3rd click on the mouse wheel. All in all I guess it satisfied my curiosity.. and it actually works so I can't give it one star.
This item will not "slide over any surface" as the description claims. It will not slide at all over the space below the spacebar of the keyboard I am currently typing on. It is plug and play after about 5 seconds from the first time you insert it in a usb slot. It is not precise, but rather jerky in its movements. Also, it is not "suitable for both right and left handed user(s)" because the buttons are not in the right place to push when you wear it on your left hand. This is a brilliant idea but it needs a lot of improvement to make it worthwhile. This was the cheapest mouse alternative I could find so if that's what you're looking for give it a try.  You'll only be out a few bucks.
Awkward, not very accurate. Not what I thought it would be :( have had dinner mouse before that was much better.
It isn't the product's fault that it didn't work for me. Since my fingers shake a bit all the time, this type of finger mouse isn't useful even when I try attaching the strap around two fingers to steady it. But I would think it would be handy for anyone with a steady hand. It truly does work against any surface including a sleeve or pant leg. The levers for left and right clicking with the thumb are not very comfortable, but they are effective and it is easy to use both at the same time as one can do with the traditional mouse. This mouse needs a little case to keep it safe in transit as it would be useful (to steadyhanded folk) especially for places where a flat surface isn't available. I gave it two stars because it's not that ergonomic, depends on a velcro strap to attach to the fingers, and feels a bit fragile in use, not for the shaky hand problem. There are better designs out there. Shop around.
This came really fast but I couldn't get it to work. I consider myself a computer person but still doesn't function. Got cheap enough that I didn't bother trying to return it.
First of all it only works with right hand. For me as a left-handed it was so hard to press the buttons.Second, you have to move the mouse too close to the desk that makes your fingertip harmed, also the pointer is not steady.
The product works fine..but it is not at all convenient to use.&#60;eom&#62;... This is to satifsy amazon's word count
Loved it until it just quit working after less than a week....  I preferred holding it like a pen rather than strapped to my finger because I have small hands and couldn't reach the scroll unless I strapped in on my finger at a bit of an angle, which worked well too as I can compensate for the change in direction of movement needed to do that just fine, but think a lot of people would have problems. Think I'll try the actual pen mouse next.
It was hard to use for me and I gave it to my son.  He's younger and loved it.  I didn't.  Hard to get used to and bulky on finger.  Heavy too.
It took forever to ship. Once it did arrive I had forgotten why or when I bought it. the laser does not work Tried to fix it myself with no help. Got it as gift. bad idea.
Finger mouse doesnt work well, optics has to be touching the table to work, instead of how its shown... would not recommended.
I bought this optical finger mouse for around $2.60 and i wouldn't consider paying a penny more now that I've received it. On the upside, it is built well, it works easily, just plug it in and use it. I love the texture of the plastics used to make it and all of the buttons function perfectly and easily. However, and this is what really threw me off was that it is just not comfortable or in the least bit optimal to use as a substitute for a mouse or even a touch pad on a Laptop. The Velcro strap secures it to your finger, but from there i have an extremely hard time attempting to click either mouse button with my thumb, much less use the scroll wheel which is completely out of reach. This device is a good idea, it works on pretty much any surface I've tried it on, but its still just faster to use my touch pad. I would only recommend buying this if you just want something interesting to play around on your computer with for a little bit, that's what I bought it for and It was cool at first, but I soon realized that it was a complete waste of my time.
I gave this finger mouse 2 stars because, I don't like it. I can't figure out how to use it. I can click it with my thumb but that wasn't what I thought this would be like. I thought you can point it at the screen and use it like that. But from what I can figure I still use my fingers and therefore I can do that with my laptop key board. May be I am using it wrong. I will just buy a regular cordless mouse. I recommend this product for anyone who can guess how to use it, which I am sure it's not hard but It's just not for me.
very uncomfortable
It seems to work fine but you will have to adjust the pointer speed to use it. My main problem with it was using the buttons and mouse wheel. With it sitting on top of your finger, that's where you have to reach with your thumb to operate the buttons and wheel. I was getting cramps pretty quick. I think different people will have different results depending on how nimble their hands are. For now, I'll stick with the regular mouse. Also watch out for that lazer light. It can stay on and get you in the eye!
you have to hold the eye piece to the table, no holding it up like in the picture. also your have to put it on so tight that it cuzs of circulation, other than that it works just fine. just not convenient.
I ordered this item (two, in fact) from another merchant. Received it a couple of days ago and have been trying in vain to get it to work. It seemed to work fine as long as the peripherals did not have high data demands(printer, scanner, etc.) Once I plugged in an external hard drive and optical disc writer, everything went south.First, Windows XP kept telling me devices would work better connected to a high-speed port. Apparently, it can't handle the demands of a lot of 2.0 devices.Next, devices began falling in and out of Windows, with the sound that Windows makes when you connect/disconnect USB devices turning into a kiddie musical.The last straw was when it started freaking out today. I unplugged everything from it, and it still kept freaking out Windows! I had to completely unplug it from the computer.Since I got two for the price Amazon charges for one, I'm now debating whether it is worth the effort (and cost) to return it.Lesson learned this time: buy cheap, buy twice.
the card was listed accurately as being shipped in static packaging, but it was also listed as new. Card is named "No Name" which is not standard for a new SanDisk card. Shipping was relatively fast. Read listing carefully before you order. Seems to work OK.
Here's a list of the details, scroll down for overall recommendation.Pros:-Light, perhaps one of the lightest out there-Pretty-Good specs on paper (discrete graphics are nice)Cons:-Slot loading drive is trendy, but really really noisy (esp b/c it initializes with every bootup.  that's great during a quiet moment in a lecture)-With lightness comes extreme fragility.  I am a student and this thing couldn't even take regular backpack transport.  Little more than jarring it caused the optical drive to fail, while scratches showed up regularly on its pretty surface.-Windows vista is a nightmare.  I tried and tried and tried but I couldn't get it to work steadily.  I was told by our tech guys that XP wouldn't support the hardware in this laptop, but they could be wrong.-Shoddy, it appears, workmanship.  The connection inside for the webcam was loose, or something similar, so that if I adjusted the angle of the screen it might disconnect the webcam.-I don't know if this is a vista thing, but the USB drivers failed frequently, , causing things like USB hubs and external hard drives to fail-Bluetooth is neat, but beware it interferes with some of your wifi connectivity (not, of course, specific to this laptop, but a con none the less)-Dell tech support is an absolute joke.  I am now starting to think the "dude, you're getting a dell" ad campaign was supposed to convey pity, not admiration, because if by some chance your warranty IS valid, good luck getting solid service.  I've read stories of people returning this laptop 3 times to get the mobo replaced, but I can't confirm, because they literally wouldn't even take my call because my warranty lapsed (not even to answer a question like "how do i open this thing to swap the optical drive myself?-This thing runs HOT, HOT, HOT.  I ran a temp monitor and the GPU regularly broke 200 degrees Fahrenheit during normal operations (youtube, browsing, word processing, etc).  I had to undervolt the cpu to make it manageable (note none of the problems listed started post-undervoltingPerfect for you if:  You can afford an extensive warranty and have a lot of patience, in the chance that your dell is garbage like mine was.Not for you if:  you don't like tech support on-hold music, or you plan on taking this laptop out of the house in anything but a padded case with shock absorbers (because, believe me, a backpack is insufficient).Look, I get it, the M1330 is pretty and light and comes in fifty colors, but I really, really, really, don't recommend this computer.  If I wanted crap in a shiny wrapper, I'd buy a Mac.If you want something ultra light, look at the MSI Xslim line or a Lenovo U Series (I think, one of the Lenovo series is really small), or anything in the "ultra portable" category (if you're in Canada, check out the LG p300/p310, lighter than the m1330 and great specs, but not avail. in the U.S.)Me, I traded my xps m1330 in for a Lenovo T400, and I couldn't be happier--a few pounds heavier, but bigger screen & durable like a tank with switchable graphics for battery consumption and one of the highest rated tech support experiences in the business (according to PC Magazine, I believe).
While this is an excellent machine on paper it is not worth the money.  Dell is knowingly selling these computers with a hardware design flaw that causes them to overheat which can lead to numerous other problems.  When it works, it works great, but take it from me and everyone else who's written a review after the first couple months-you will have a lot of problems and a huge headache dealing with Dell's customer service.  If I could return this laptop I would in a heartbeat.
I haven't yet applied the skin, so I can't speak to the ease or quality of coverage.  I can say, however, that it only covers the top, bottom, front, and ONE side of the Wii.  The makers apparently assume that you'll always have it in the base or otherwise standing on its side.  If you want it to sit flat on its feet, you'll always have one glaring white side.  How much more would it cost to include that fourth side?
When I first got it from the phone company, it worked well. There were some instances when I had to reset the modem when it hiccups. After three years, those simple problems got worse where a simple reset won't fix it anymore. I guess these things don't last very long. (When my 4100 is declared dead, I'll use it as target practice and buy a new one)
This only came with the modem nothing else not even the cord to plug it up which was like wtf cuz how else could I plug it in I have Ethernet and the other one but come on! Then the power button didn't stay in when pushed as if it had a short in it, I was like dang I got ripped off!
I was excited about this product and threw one on my Christmas wish list. Unfortunately it ended up in the trash not long after arrival. This decal isn't going to stick to your controller very well, due both to the weak adhesive and to the shape of the controller. A flat, one-piece sticker just won't adhere evenly to the curvature of your 360 controller. I suspected this in the first place and was disappointed to find out I was right. Perhaps I'll try the larger decal for the side of the actual 360 console. I think that would look great and it would be much more likely to stick to the flat surface.You win some, you lose some.
Easy to install after downloading drivers from TPlink website. Connectivity was another story.  Couldn't pick up router unless I was less than 10 feet from it. :(Laptop was an HP ZE4427wm.  Had an open mini-pci slot where I installed the card.  I will be removing it and using as a replacement in another laptop.  Maybe then I will have a better review to write.UPDATE:  I would change the stars to 4 if I could.  I tried this card in another laptop, Averatec 3200 and it works great.  It might have been a problem with my HP laptop.
I love how my aspire 5920 performs, especially once I installed Ubuntu in place of Vista. But it gets very VERY hot. Not "kind of hot, nice on a snowy day." My power port has actually MELTED from the heat. The frame was not built to handle the kind of power that this computer possesses. My battery tops out at just shy of an hour, and it is a constant battle to get it to accept charge. I'm looking to replace this a Mac just for the battery life and magnetic plug.Did I mention I've only had my acer for a year?
Now matter what I did I couldn't not get this computer to say connected to the internet via Wi-Fi.  It would connect for 10 seconds or so then disconnect for 10 seconds and reconnect.  This cycle continuted over and over again.  I was on the phone with Acer support and Verizon Fios support for hours and now one could resolve the problem.  I finally talked the dealer into taking the computer back.  I've had other Acer products, but I sure wouldn't recommend this notebook.
I didn't even try to install this thing after looking at some &#34;how to&#34;  videos which convinced me to just send it back.  There was no way I was going to get my big old hands into the area needed to install this card.  The photo is darn near full size and you have to install three wires to it besides.  The screws are so tiny...good luck.  I ended up with a usb wifi that worked just fine.
I cannot get it to establish a stable connection with the router. Also, when I do miraculously connect to the router, it still won't connect to the Internet.
My Mac Pro is a 2008 model and has three antenna connections ... this card has only two antenna connections and its performance is erratic (loses web connection, has trouble finding WiFi signal).  I wonder which model I need for my 2008 Mac Pro?
I initially purchased this exclusively for the miniSD adapter, but when it arrived, I realized that it didn't even work on my phone, an HTC Apache. My phone recognized that something was in the expansion slot, but could not access it.My computer, however, did recognize the microSD card when I plugged it into one of my own adapters.I purchased a Sandisk SD Card/Adapter later on, and it worked like a charm. I've never heard of SD cards being specific to a phone, but maybe that was the case here. However, I think if you want a reliable SD card, you should shell out the extra money for the bigger brands, like Sandisk or PNY. The cards themselves are cheap enough already; I wasted my money buying this.
We bought this tv at a nice price, and the picture quality is great for the price and everything, you can switch between digital and analog settings, I liked it just fine for our bedroom. But, lo and behold about a year and a half later it started turning itself on and off and running through the channel search over and over. I had to unplug it to get it to stop. We reviewed the FAQ's and have tried to reset it and follow their suggestions, but to no avail. So, purchase this tv, if you don't plan on using it very long. I am disappointed in the quality and longevity of this tv. I guess you get what you pay for.
Looks cool, VERY well built, but the orange letters on the black keys are impossible to see. Wish it was backlit, I returned it.
Worked perfectly for 4 months.  Then the connection got loose and only worked when positioned properly.  Then it stopped working at all.  Now I've got to buy another charger.
i bought this to replace the SECOND power cable for my laptop. the original power cord  came unraveled after 2 years from packing and unpacking. the first replacement over heated in 3 months, this one did the same. my computer is still holding up though.
It did not appear, but did actually feel like that this AC-to-DC adapter was too small for my laptop (BURNING HOT). Although the part #'s tell a different story.  The adapter, rather quickly, developed an annoying short in the circuit.
The product was not compatible with my laptop. I am hoping I could obtain another one that will work out
It has a cheap price tag for a reason. I've been using mine for several months now, and now the little metal connector end where it plugs into the computer is loose, and it won't charge my computer any more. Also, when it did work, it got really, really hot like some others have mentioned. Previously I had no problems with it, but now that it's dead so soon I'm wishing I paid the money for a real one.
it works, but for some reason it comes lose and i have to keep pushing it back in, but ordering it for $7 instead of $70 at walmart is always better
Very cheap but broke after probably a month at the most.  Also took 3 wks to ship
I have had to replace this cord twice. Sterling have replaced my cord without problems for free, but both times cords didn't last no more than 10 mths.
A great size and a great noise control, but it just doesn't have the guts to run Vista. They should have shipped this with XP or with Linux. Too slow for anything but the most rudimentary computing, and that's with the higher-end effects turned off. I may try to reload it with XP and see if it's fast enough to be practical. The pen holder on the side is just, well, stupid.
This is FortiNet's version of an all-in-one securtiy appliance, and while I am bias being a CCSP, and Cisco advocate this thing has so many issues that I can't stand it is tough to list them all.1.  There is not much documentation out there, Fortinet is your only source, not many people using these things.  Those that are are usually people who know nothing about security and want a point and click appliance that can do a million more things than they'll ever need.2.  The command line is a pain.  I mean even to do a simple ping you have to type "exec ping 4.2.2.2"  WHY?!?  Whta is wrong with plain old PING?3.  I was adding this as a replacment to our Nokia Checkpoints, neither of which would have been my choice, but after adding all of the networks and node addresses, and assign then to a specific interface I decided to create groups.  I began adding the nodes and networks to the groups and a lot of them give an error that addrss is incorrect or missing (very informative) Finally I realized that I had one node assigned to internal inteface and another assigned to DMZ, and it wouldn't allow me to put them into the same group (makes sense I guess) however, if those nodes or networks are already in other groups you cannot change the interface without removing it form the group.  Very irritating, and while all of this keeps you from screwing up security, it is very much a PITA.4.  The GUI is also very strange, if you click on certain menus you see headlines with blue arrows which you must clcik to view the submenu.  For instance clciking Firewall button brings up a submenu to click on Addresses, and then you see a blue button labled IP/MASK, I thought all 200 of my addresses had been lost until a few seconds later I clciked the blue arrow and they all appeared.  Is that even necessary to have the IP/MASK submenu. It is downright stupid.These things in my opinion need a lot of work and unfortunatly I don't think anough people will ever use them to give Fortinet feedback on them for improvement.Overall these things have been more trouble than they're worth, I only mentioned the lastest debacles in this review, but logging and reports are a whole other story.  Skip this buy and get something worthwhile Cisco or other top brand, something you need to configure with a CLI and not GUI.
On one hand, this controller is stiff, unresponsive, and has a very flimsy cord for the USB (though it's retractable, which is a bit nice). On the other hand, it's cheap enough that it might be worth it anyway for games that don't require a lot of precision, if you'd rather have that "console feel". The device itself warrants one star, but at the low prices you can get it for, it warrants perhaps a 3, so I've split the difference. It has at least continued to work as consistently for me as it ever did, even if that wasn't very in the first place.
I bought this so I could use my buffalo high power wireless g wifi pcmcia card with my Dell 1505 laptop which has only an express card slot.  No luck, no matter what drivers, installation steps, or configuration settings I try, the wireless will not connect.  When the adapter is installed and the wireless card inserted into the adapter, the wireless appears to be recognized by windows XP but never is able to detect any wireless signals.So for me, this adapter is a $100+ paperweight.
This &#34;Enzotech SLF-1 Forged Copper Northbridge / Southbridge Low-Profile Heatsink&#34; Does not fit in my Mobo, is way too small currently using a Gigabyte GA-990FXA-UD3. So I just used super glue and glued it into my northbridge and it worked... But not as intended LOL.
I purchased a Belkin AVU1500 from Amazon. I thought I was getting a great deal at $[...] . The AVU1500 normally sells for almost $[...]. The first one Amazon sent was defective and had to be returned at my expense ($[...]). Amazon did refund me $[...] of the expense. The second unit seems to work fine. However, I didn't know when I bought it that Belkin is no longer in the UPS business. Beware! It might be difficult to replace the UPS battery if ever needed. See below:SubjectBattery ReplacementDiscussion ThreadResponse (Rakesh V.R) 01/14/2010 09:51 AMDear Mark,Thank you for contacting Belkin Technical Support!We understand that you need to know the Replacement battery Model number .Sorry for the delayed reply.Our sincere apologizes.Please do not be worried.With regards to your query,the following might be helpful.Please read through it.We would like to inform you that Belkin has moved out of UPS Business but please do not be worried ,we do have a separate department called the Customer Service Department,they will help you in replacements of the faulty unit ,provided if the unit comes under warranty.However,please follow the link below for replacement batteries information :LINK: [...] (NOTE: The don't carry the AVU1500 Battery - yet)Thank you,Should you have any further questions, please take a moment to review our Knowledge Base at [...] or let us know.Rakesh V.RTechnical Support Escalation AgentBelkin Technical Support
Poor voice quality microphone on PC.  Do not waste your money.Neewar lapel mic is better than the DX-54 microphone.
I guess I just got a bad router. Had to send it back to retailer. It worked hard wired to computer but would not send wireless signal. Called kyocera tech support and they were were very helpful.
I've gone through two pairs of these now.  Both lasted about a year, then the sound to the right side abruptly died.  Tinkering with the 2nd set led to the problem - a wiring issue near where the wires meet the connector that plugs into my music device.  No 3rd strike for Etymotic; at this price point this sort of fragility isn't acceptable.
I bought this battery for my Powerbook G4 since it was a good price compared to the Apple product.  My original Apple battery was getting so it lasted less than an hour, after 3 years of good use.The new battery will only drive the portable for about an hour with less than a year of use, if I am very careful to put the unit into the lowest power use mode.I guess I got what I paid for.:(Dennis
This thing has significantly compromised the reliability of my network access. Quite often all web accesses are redirected to the Vonage router login web page. If anyone is having this issue, the username is also the password on the Vonage boxes are the same, in all the cases I remember. Anyway, typing the right login information didn't help. Resetting the box didn't help. Resetting the cable modem, waiting until it was certainly working (checked with directly connected PC) then linking it directly to the Vonage box and resetting that... still didn't help.When it does work it doesn't work well. The voice continuously drops out on both ends. This may have something to do with Comcast, but I get 27Mbps down and 5Mbps up. Vastly more than the 64kbps I'd need for an uncompressed voice channel. If they are using the G729A or AB codec that is common in VOIP then that requirement drops to 8kbps or about a 3,000th of my available bandwidth. Still the quality sucks.So on the one hand I have local call rates to Europe, but on the other hand I can't use it for that because the voice quality is too low. My poor old mother can't understand half of what I say. So I have to make 5c/min calls on my cell phone. So, other than for illegal telemarketing calls, why do I have this thing? I'm thinking MetroPCS would be a lot better solution for us.
I wanted to utilize Vonage as a cheap alternative for a second business line in my home.  I was pleased with the quality of service, but I have to warn others about the terms of service.  Apparently, when you sign-up you sign a contract and if you attempt to terminate early, you will be hit with cancellation fees (~$50 in my case).  Probably my fault for not reading the fine print (and it's really fine!), but just a caution for others.
The phone service itself works well.  However, in order to get you to sign up, they will tell you anything and make any promise it takes.  When it comes time to deliver, they deny ever claiming the service has that particular feature or they inform you that the feature is extra.  Their terrible customer service destroys any value their product has.
When we first got Vonage it was quite a bit cheaper each month than our regular line.It was ok for conversation but conference calls were always plagued by echoes and dropouts.Then one day I realized the monthly bill had doubled somewhere along the way and it was close to being as expensive as the land line.  I can't recommend Vonage.  We switched to Ooma and the sound quality is an order of magnitude better and it will pay for itself over Vonage in just a few months.
The device worked just fine.  However, audio quality of Vonage service suffered from time to time, especially when downloading files took up bandwidth.  Upon cancellation, was hit with $114 in cancellation fees.  Also, after cancelling, Vonage started calling me at work to ask me to try Vonage again.
So I had to test this product for work. It works just fine with pictures on SD cards. That's really all it works fine with. It has trouble reading USB drives. It claims to play video, but only does after much coaxing and setup. It says it plays MPEG 1, 2, and 4. MPEG-4 doesn't play at all. MPEG 1 and 2 are ok, but the sound slides out of sync, and make sure your files aren't bigger than 100mb or it'll skip all the way through. You are totally dependent on the remote, so don't lose the slender, credit-card sized thing. Best for people who just want to pop the memory card from the camera and show off some pictures when the neighbors come around to visit.
the fans are very "weak" and the grill is very obstructive, as a result there isn't much airflow. mounting the unit to a 5.25" drive bay also didn't quite work out so well. i did get it mounted however.i do not recommend this as means of cooling a harddrive.it can however allow you to make use of 5.25" bay to mount a 3.5" harddrive.
I received the usb express card adapter to use with an Asus mini laptop I just bought. Initially it performed very well. The second time I plugged it into the usb port, it shut down the computer. Tried the third time while on the phone with Asus tech support and it worked again. Next time and ever since, it has not worked. Plugged just the adapter into another Dell Inspiron laptop and got the message that an over voltage drain was detected and the port would be shut down. My guess is a short in the short wire that connects the Express card slot to the usb connector. Don't have the original packaging, so I guess it's just trash. Ordered and am now using a SIIG unit that is larger and seems more robust and hopefully will continue working. I wouldn't recommend this product based on my experience, but I see others have had no problems and are very pleased. It is more compact and easier to carry with a laptop. So you decide, but just hang onto all the packaging and stuff for a few weeks and make sure it continues to work.
Description and photos lead me to believe it would work with a PCMCIA card but it does NOT.Not worth the effort to return.
Does not work with GT Option Ultra Express card with MacBook Pro and 3G ATT service.Still can't really  tell if the title/description was stating that it would work or not work with this card, but in any case, it does not.  It was worth a try, as now the MacBook Pro 15" do not have the Express card slots.Time to get a new 3G modem.
Router intermittantly drops out and has to be reset in order to get or stay online.  Very inconvenient to have to unplug power to reset.
Speakers sound OK -They are oddly shaped and feel cheap.  No controls for Bass on the sub.  If you need something cheap and relatively loud, pick em up.  Otherwise, look elsewhere.
2.5 is what I give these. I bought these as an alternative to the discs that I usually but in order to try and save some dollars. Well, next time I will not be so stingy with the $ and splurge for better quality. First, it seemed as every few discs that I would get one that did not work or would not take kindly to me trying to convert files to it. Secondly, I found these particular brand of discs to be sort of flimsy and easy to break if not careful. I like my DVDs as well as other types of discs to be sturdy. I would reccommend Memorex Dvds as a better brand. They feel way more professional and like actual time was put into making them.
Verizon provides this modem/router with their FIOS service.  As explained in my review of the SMC WEB-NDraft 11N Wireless Access Point Ethernet Client Us Power, these two products don't work together over 802.11g using wireless WPA or WPA2 security. WEP works ok.  I suspect that this is more a problem with this Actiontec than with the SMC product, though I have no way to really know.  So this Actiontec gets the lower rating.Otherwise this Actiontec seems to be a decent product.  It's construction is solid and hefty and it's web menus a tad clunky but servicable.  I haven't really pushed its built in router/firewall very hard, but it's doing fine so far.
Software is intrusive and starts few services... Why can't it be simple and effective. I don't want to install stuff that's not needed; just want to use it as a wifi n adapter, nothing else.
I've been experiencing sporadic problems with this product from day one.  I sent multiple e-mails to the manufacturer for assistance, but to no avail.  For unknown reasons, Linksys has not responded to any of my electronic messages... and trying to reach this company by telephone is also a problem.
If I had been using a D-link wireless router, I am assuming it probably would have been easier, but I had a Linksys and the instructions do not allow for this.The support center was of almost no help. I was made to open and close windows without making any changes, then instructed to 'try to connect to the internet again'. I eventually asked to be bumped up to a manager, this was refused,a and i was told there was a problem with my linksys. (which was working fine for both my tower and two laptops)After getting off the phone, I tinkered with it for about another ten minutes, I think the issue was that the D-Link was expecting an 8 key password andd the Linksys was 16 digit password. I found the 8 digit and replaced it with the 16 and it miraculously started working.I have to give props to the support guy, his confusion over the 16 digit passkey was my clue to fixing it myself.
First, my disclaimer: I have no relationship with the manufacturer/seller of this product.  I'm just a purchaser of this product providing feedback on my experience with the product since purchase.This product was on sale at a bargain price. My expectation when I purchased this product was that it would silently and unobtrusively operate in the background to back-up files from all computers on my local area network (LAN). Instead the unit is VERY noisy, its light is WAY too bright, and it constantly badgers me to initiate backups it should perform automatically.  Further, I'm constantly harassed by HP for software updates and by NTI for software updates.  Unfortunately, the unit does not backup files from the MAC on my LAN, only PCs. NTI purports to have SW that does the things I need, but it's too pricey for me to even consider.I had hopes of setting the unit up as a storage unit, rather than a backup unit, but this was not possible with the software provided as far as I can tell.  I rarely use this unit, turning it on once each month to perform backup & then shutting it down so I can continue my emailing and web browsing in peace & quiet.
Well...I have mixed feeling. The invisibleSHIELD is exactly as described. It is reliable. It is strong. It protects your screen from scratches( though the scratches will appear on the product!). So why Did I give it only 2 stars!?Yes I want to protect this expensive piece of hardware from scratches and wearing down. But then I also want to use it comfortably.Unfortunately, It does not feel right. The too non-slippery feature of this protection shield makes using wacom pens on it unnatural (very unnatural indeed). Maybe I don't have to protect the Cintiq.Afterall, the acrylic plate that Wacom has put on the cintiq is for protection besides giving it a paper-like feel. Maybe I should. I don't know.If anybody used this on his Cintiq, please advise and give you opinion; maybe I am wrong.I really urge ZAGG Inc. to manufacture another one and call it enhaced version and make the texture feel more like paper. -Surely they can. If they do, I will buy again.
I brought this in March 2009. The fan's blades are not true plastic but some sort of paper/plastic hybrid (forgive me if there's a better word for it). The fan operates at a decent speed and provided a very light/mild cooling; you can't expect much by the blade's size however something went wrong with the fan this week and it's making an incredibly loud and irrating noise. Sounds as the motor is on its last legs. This item is worth no more than $5 at best.
I bought one last year at my local T-Mobile store for only $6.00.  The fan cools really well, and the noise factor wasn't an issue for me since I worked in a call center.  You can hear it, but I definitely would not call it loud.  It lasted a few weeks but one of the thin blades broke when my finger touched it as I was turning it off.  Still cooled with the remaining blade, but this puts the plane off balance and shakes all over the desk. I would not spend more than $5.00 on this since it can be so easily broken.
It only reads small 2GB cards, I was mistaken when I bought it.  It does well for the smaller cards and I've used it a few times.
Limited to "great idea," very top heavy and semi productive.  I do live in highly populated mosquito area, but only partially worked for up to 5 or 6 ft and totally quiting after one year.  Would not recommend, but do recommned their wall pest control.  Have had them working perfectly for 7 years in house and garage.
Dec 18 2008:This phone does all it needs to do and is feature rich for such a cheap phone. But be aware it SOUNDS cheap too. The echo you hear (your own voice) when speaking is bothersome and the tiny sound is irritating as well. No matter how I adjust the sound settings, it has tinny sound.On the plus side, maybe I can now irritate all those telemarketers with horrible sound quality? :-> Again, in ALL fairness, if you want a phone that at the very least is "adequate", has a TON of features and is CHEAP, this may serve you well?9/18/2010 UPDATE:Unlike some I really try to add updates to make sure I didn't show to much enthusiasm reviewing something that still has me somewhat "charmed" with that new toy excitement etc. I have to say, we are shopping for new phones as this set is now getting more complains of my voice dropping off for 5-15 seconds at a time EVERY single call I am on. And I am sitting in a chair within 12-18 inches away from the receiver! Still hold with my 3 stars but be advised, this is really NOT a reliable phone. Only hold it at 3 stars based upon price. Really want to drop it to 2 stars but can't yet....8/10/2011 UPDATE....2nd phone has stopped working. Battery is fine but NO idea what is wrong. It disconnects after about 2 seconds.....Main unit and answer amchine still working great.
Pinnacle's software has, for a casual user like myself, too many negatives to be taken seriously as a tool.  The licensing agreement is a joke (it is only valid for 2 years!!!), it loads mysterious software that is impossible to remove, and it is too unreliable.
I bought version 11 that says Vista ready on the box(which crashes constantly in Vista) so I stupidly gave them ANOTHER $125 for version 12, which crashes only half a much as 11.The easist editor to use BUT KEEPS CRASHING DURING EDIT.Don't use it with Vista.
Well I tried.... Thought perhaps Pinnacle improved their way of doing things since the last version I had, but I guess not.Reading all the other reviews and seeing the overall rating, I'm not alone in my opinion.I don't feel I need to say all the things that have already been said about the problems with this software, best to just agree with others and let it go at that.I see this software does please some owners, not sure how you account for such wild swings in ratings though.
I'm a long time Pinnacle Studio user and love the easy to use interface. When I upgraded to a Windows 7 operating system I upgraded my Pinnacle software also, to version 12 Ultimate. It's still easy to use and intuitive and it makes great movies. But there seems to be a Windows 7 conflict with one of the 3rd party add-ons call proDAD Vitascene (made by a German company) which adds cool lighting effects and transitions. It doesn't boot properly and is basically unusable. A customer service rep told me, and this is a direct quote from his email; "It might be also one of the reason if the Prodad is not properly working on your windows 7 machine. Since studio 12 and other 3rd party plug ins where not totally tested in windows 7 operating system." The other 3rd party add-ons work fine, but this proDAD Vitascene is a major part of the software and it's non-compliant?! I'm not sure if a patch or upgrade is forthcoming, but I will update this review when I find out more.I'm a big fan of Pinnacle Studio but recommend it with reservation.
When I first got this, it worked nicely with my Dazzle DVC 100 and edited very well.Once I upgraded to HD PVR, this thing became a lot worse.Simply put, even if it can encode Mpeg-4 files, when I select a file made through HD PVR, the system crashes right when it's booted. In fact, this product is pretty anti-HD PVR it's not even funny. Moreover, downloaded videos from the internet suffer the same thing, so I got fed up with this program that I'm looking elsewhere for something that's compatible with my HD PVR.
I have worked with many video editing programs similar to this. Of course the high-buck professional ones are the way to go, but for this price range, I have not found one that has it all. Adobe Premiere and After Effects rule, but the trial version of Premiere shuts off the computer at startup, so I cannot rate that one yet. Magix Movie Edit Pro 12 is great except for the constant bugs and work-arounds. Pinnacle Studio 12 Ultimate has very limited bugs, but also has very limited clip maneuverability. You are limited to just two video tracks, and overlapping them and tweaking positioning and transitions is painfully awkward. As an editor, this is one of the worst downsides, because it eats up time and creativity. I'd rather work through some bugs, especially at half the price. I have not yet found a program that has all of the content as well as the freedom to work with it
The installation brings your computer almost to a halt. Took over two hours to get the software and its latest (online) update to install.  It's like waiting for a 80's software install to complete.  Who knows what it put on my machine b/c what could require that amount of memory.
I have had Pinnacle Studio for years  -- Studio 9, 12, 14, and I have continually upgraded my products as time has gone by. It used to be that Pinnacle products were the best. I do not think so any longer. It's too bad because, before the company's service went downhill, it was a great program. It was once the very best in putting together videos and other functions. I cannot say that any longer. I have tried since almost the day I bought my last AVID Pinnacle product to find out how to do DVD captures and I have never been able to use that component of the product I purchased because I have never been able to reach someone to help me. Are there any real people working for this company? If so, they are nearly impossible to come by.It also used to be that AVID-Pinnacle cared about its customers, but I most assuredly do not think this is the case any longer. I called recently to speak with a person about upgrading my Pinnacle Studio, but I tried every possible phone number I found and tried to find a web chat or email address, but the phone message said I needed to purchase a code and then enter the code. If I didn't have a code, it simply hung up on me -- no other options. One of the recordings said there were no live agents and then I was referred to the online community support and tutorials which are, in my opinion, useless. And, everything I tried involved my purchasing an access support code -- just to find out about a product I was interested in purchasing. Who is going to pay to obtain information about a product one may wish to purchase? Finally I found a number for Avid/Pinnacle at which I reached an operator. I can imagine that the poor operator is really there to field the horrendous number of complaints they must surely be receiving from customers who have put their faith in this company, but soon found out they would be gouged and fiftied and a hundreded to death and never, ever reach a live person beyond the poor operator. I was in a state of shock to hear a real human on the other end. I told her I had planned to make a purchase to upgrade. But then, I found out what kind of company AVID-Pinnacle had, in my opinion, become. I told her I had serious second thoughts about making any further purchases than those I had already made since I was not even able to reach someone to ask about products to decide what to purchase without buying a code. I was repeatedly hung up on by the answering machine because it is apparently programmed to hang up on the caller when a purchased code is not entered. Is this a precursor to the kind of "service," and lack thereof, one is destined to receive after spending their hardearned money with a company such as AVID-Pinnacle? I think so. The poor operator said, "I'm just the operator." How many times each day does she have to say this? I wonder -- a hundred, a thousand, thousands. Maybe, like with most everything else with AVID-Pinnacle, AVID-Pinnacle could put her on a recording and ask potential customers to buy a code to put into the phone just to talk to the operator. Yeah, that's the ticket. I am loathe to even make such a suggestion, facetious though it may be, because an AVID CEO somewhere is probably thinking this is a great idea. I mean, who doesn't want to spend money to talk to an operator to be transferred to a voice mail to leave a message that will never be responded to in order to try to find out about a product so they can spend more money buying service codes, one after the other, every time AVID-Pinnacle's Studio and other products malfunction -- which, in my experience can be a several-times-a-day occurrence? And, it is glitchy, repeatedly shutting down before it even comes up fully when videos are added. Frustrating doesn't even begin to capture the sentiment. Shameful is what it is. And, look at the numerous complaints from AVID-Pinnacle customers online! Just type "Avid Pinnacle Complaints" into your search bar and here on Amazon.Where is the Department of Consumer Affairs when one needs it? Where are the state Attorney's General thoughout this country who are supposed to protect consumers?I will be checking to find out what other companies are in competition with AVID-Pinnacle for the products I want. I have heard Sony Vegas and others are pretty good and may serve my needs better, so maybe I'll check them out. Why should I spend my hardearned money to be taken advantage of by AVID-Pinnacle -- and, how premedidated are things with them when there are roadblocks for customers at every turn? How do you find any morality with such a company and its leadership?
I can't recommend Pinnacle Studio 12. I installed this on one of my PC's running Vista Home Premium (32 bit) that had a high-end Radeon HD video card, well past the minimum specs listed, but it just doesn't work well for me at all. It's not a beastly PC, but I can run most games at a fairly good clip, but this software often freezes and hangs and when it does work well enough for me to get a DVD out of it, that DVD has sound drops and sync issues. Rendering is painfully slow (it might be done once you're done sleeping) and some features (menus for instance) just don't work on the actual disk the way they are set-up in program.I'm trying to be fair here, so in its defense, installation went reasonably smoothly and the program setup was more intuitive than I was expecting it to be, but that's really not much to go on when I simply can't use the program to do what it's designed to do. I guess it did come with the cool greenscreen backdrop. That was a surprise and sadly about the only useful thing in the box. It might be more useful with a more powerful PC, though I doubt it from some of the other feedback I've read.
On the positive side:I have successfully installed this on a vista-64 system and have not noticed any especially untoward effects.Also, it does import and work with .mov files, something which some other Windows oriented products do not.However, there are numerous bugs which render it close to worthless.  In particular, the menuing system is awful.I bought this product to do something extremely simple: import several .mov files and burn them onto a dvd with a simple 1 level menu.  The menu produced is pathetic.  Although a "preview" of the menu shows that it will highlight the menu item which is "selected", it does not do so on the dvd once it is burned.  Very frustrating.  Actually, it sometimes works with small files, but for most projects, it does not.  I ended up only using the format converter to convert the .mov files to .mpeg2 files and then used the free "Windows DVD Maker" (came with Vista) to burn the movies to a dvd.  Although the "Windows DVD Maker" has only the very crudest of menus, at least it highlights one's selection on the TV screen so you know which video you will activate.
I keep trying to do HD video editing on a Windows machine, and am constantly disappointed.  I actually work for a company in the PC business (I'm writing this as an individual), so I'd naturally be inclined to recommend Windows apps.  But in this case, you'll save a lot of grief just going to the Apple Store and plunking down some money for an iMac...To brass tacks:1. The included green screen is very nice.  I use it quite a bit.2. The installation process is pretty convoluted, and takes a long time.  Another reviewer has pointed out that the licensing mechanism can cause a lot of grief -- particularly as you buy new systems (keys only good for two years, etc.).  My guess is that if you buy into the Pinnacle universe, you'll wind up having to upgrade more often than that -- but I indeed had hassles just installing it for the first time.I ran into several bugs and crashes, both on a Vista and on an XP system.  YES, the crashes could have been caused by my system.  Video editing apps are amongst the most demanding on graphics drivers and are the most sensitive to conflicts with other applications.  What's so great about Macs is that the configurations are extremely limited, the OS is designed for better isolation, and Apple bloody well makes sure Final Cut and iMovie work flawlessly on whatever Mac hardware they produce.
I bought pinnacle studio ultimate at amazon for $70. A good program with free magic bullet look, unfortunately the rendering speed is very very very slow.  It took about 1hr 30min to render a 5 minute HD (720 or 1920 clip). I use a new computer i7 quad core 2.66hz, it is  still slow.  it render the same speed as my old lab top dual core.  I try sony vegas and it seen to take 4minute to render a 1 minute hd clip.  If you are not working with m2ts( avchd) format, then I would use window movie maker instead. If you have a dual core computer then this program is ok . I think the program only use two core to process the video at about  two frame per second for HD> .. very very slow...  But is you have quad core, I would try other program first.
The modem as advertised and delievered was perfect. Fast shipping and the product was just about brand new. But apparently (according to comcast) the only modem you can buy that works on comcast, you have to buy at a best buy store. Sort of does not make sense becasue on the comcast site they list this modem as compatable. Believe me their must be some sort of a hardware updgrade that comcast is not telling peopple about, because after 3 visits to the local comcast service center and hours on the phone and on-line with comcast tech support. Everyone at comcast has a diffrent opinion of what works and what doesn't. i ended up returning the modem and re-renting one from comcast so i could get back on line and have my home phone again.only three stars for the vendor as i have not heard back from them on my refund in a couple of weeks. They were very helpful and friendly when contacted though.
Unfortunately, the modem arrived without a power cord.  I have been unable to locate a cord for this modem, so it is basically not usable.
Product arrived in a timely fashion but it is defective (does not receive phone or internet signal). We know it's their product because we re-attached our existing modem provided by our cable provider and all systems are working properly again. We have contacted the seller for a refund and look forward to a prompt response and full refund.
HI Everyone,This is a Great looking Case However..., the "Clip" is Extremely difficult to use.  Even with two hands, it was difficult to spread open and clip onto my belt or pocket.  Also, the actual size of this is rather large...great if you are hauling around some type of pda but, for a phone, it made a very large statement sitting there on you hip, instead of being inconspicuous and stylish.It is another few dollars I wasted...I never use the item becasue I can't easily/quickly expand the clip and attached to my belt.
first of all I sent the router back to you because it was overly charged and my friends and family members were shocked over this price. So I  was advise to return it to and go to the store  and purchase it for 34.00
The price was right for this item.  It works as it should, it's got two power connectors, one for sata and one for ide, and it comes  unassembled.  You basically slide the board out, screw on and connect the cables for your drive, and slide it back in.  The back coverfit, you have to snug them instead of tightening them so you don't crack the plastic.  There's a big on/off push button on the back.  And an old 4-pin power connector.  The power cable that came with mine wouldn't work, so I had to grab one (it uses as standard pc power cable).  After that it worked fine.  The stand is also cheap plastic and it doesn't snap on, or anything, it just sits in it, so it can slide around.  The enclosure itself is metal, just the back end is plastic.  I'll probably be returning it for something more substantial.
I recommend going elsewhere for a laptop. I've had this one for three years, and it was great for a while, but after a few months it would glitch, become slow and freeze. Recently my videocard burnt out and I'm only looking here to see the current price to base it's equivalent off of.The videocard is built in, so you can't replace it.
I purchased this lap top for my small business. In general, the screen is a good quality but have numerous issues with the Vostro 1510. First of all I had to have the hard drive replaced (and the technician did not know why). Secondly, my keyboard has fallen apart. Although I use the product for about 4 hours a day I would have expected the quality of the build to be much better for a business lap top. As such, save your money and buy something else.
I bought this as a replacement to my Sony battery because Sony wants $130 for a new battery.  This was supposed to be a replacement, but when i plugged it in, my laptop launched a dialog saying it wasn't compatible and that it was going to shut down.Sadly I returned the product for a full refund.  The seller was great and I'd give them 5 stars.  Ultimately it might be the wonderful people as Sony who decide to code their batteries so that you have to buy from them and them only.  What better way to lose your customer base.
I have owned it for 4 years and so far I have replaced the speakers, hd, upgraded to windows 7, and the biggest issue is the gpu issue of it unsoldering it self, i have re soldered it about 3 times now using heat, looking for a mother board as we speak. great lap top, but the hardware sucks.
Do not buy this laptop either used or brand new.  The NVIDIA graphics card is the 8400 GS or GT depending on the model and there is a known problem with them.
I've had this for years, and from day one, if you leave the drive on for more than an hour...it gets HOT!  Not good for a hard drive.  It works, for that it gets two stars.  But I will be purchasing another brand shortly, for another drive that I have.  Even with the price having come down since this came out...still not worth it.
Doesn't pick up much more than your regular atenna, not worth it, go with another product.  Plus we had to buy cables and an antenna won't work without one, only 6 channels are picked up most of them spanish!
Lasted from April to August. HP couldn't send a replacement that worked properly. Gave up and bought a Logitech.
Got this card for under $20, not expecting much.  The card works great once everything is up and running, but it takes about 5 minutes after the OS loads for this card to "startup" each time you start the computer.  I contacted Airlink, and they said the card was defective, and would send another card out.  Then they gave me a story about having to ship Internationally in order to reach Alaska, and having to pay $22 for shipping a replacement unit.  No thanks...I'll be ordering a different brand card to try and fix the slow startup issue.Update Jan 2010-  After using this card for a few months, it still takes forever to load up at startup, but now it is starting to "lose" the signal at random times and requires a restart.  I have yet to find a different driver for the device, as Im sure that a large part of the problem is the driver/application.
I was on click away from getting the BIG SHAFT! This vendor adds the $6.98 shipping X each flash drive you order.  I was about to order 6 which would have been just under $50 to ship!!!  For a 6" square box weighing less than 1 pound?  Instead of (6) $3.75 drives that come to $100, I can walk into any Office Depot or Best buy and get 10 for that same $100.
I bought these speakers because I wanted to play music on my laptop at a decent volume.  These would not be the speakers I would recommend for that project -- the sound quality is really awful.  However, they are pretty cheep speakers.
It's nice that it came bundled with a copy of Tiger Woods 2008 for the PC. And the "driving range" simulation software is ok. But actually using this to play a round in the Tiger Woods game? Almost impossible. If the unit actually registers a hit, half the time it just winds up going 10 feet. Not to mention the several times that the game thought I hit the ball when I was making my back swing. Thanks for wasting my money and taking up space in my dumpster.
It's a great concept for a product, but without the right software what does it matter.  This product doesn't contain a good working software, the statistics are incorrect and the game barely works half the time with the included Tiger Woods 2008 game.  I don't like to hate on something that COULD be so good, but I have to because it is not worth the money you would spend on it.
I received a WG111v3 not a v2. I wanted the V2 because of a different chipset. I can find a use for it but not what I got it for.
If I know how to totally set it up it would have been great but I didn't have all the info it asked for so I was unable. To someone who has all the info it would be great. Nothing about the product.
The modem worked fine but the wireless router was really bad. it took 2mins to load google. then i bought another router and connected to this. it was very fast. i do not worry because this was cheap, and was cheaper than the cox modem.
THis unit worked nicely until I got an Iphone. It would never connect with the Iphone. When I got a separate router from a different maker, all the iphone problems stopped.Now a year later, have about 50% of the speed my ISP provides.
I bought this product on Jan.31. I just install it today the wireless g card is not install in my router. Only can use it for a modem not wireless. Still have to use my other Linksys router.
What was delivered was NOT what was pictured.  This item is not as described.  The label on the product should be "universal memory card holder" because this case is not specifically made for the small Sony cards.  This case is unreasonably large for the Sony memory cards and easily fits 2 cards with room to spare.  I would not recommend this for purchase.
I purchased this in November of 2010. I purchased it to allow time shifting of programming and converting old video tapes to digital format for storage and dvd burning. It was delivered in a few days.  The delivery included the device and interface cable.  No instructions, no software.  The web site (fastvdo.com) does have software and drivers for older Windows platforms(XP and Vista) and none for Mac or Linux. It is not a normal USB plug and play device so you have to load your own drivers and check for updates outside of Windows Updates.  I spent a month exploring how I could could make use of it and then contacted the company. The problems I had were: 1) The program, SmartPlayerLite, would not play any of the video files it recorded. However, Video Lan, Windows Media Player and Corel Video Studio would. 2) The Pause function during recording de-synchronizes the sound and video.  It does this 100% of the time at all bit rates and on both test machines. This renders the pause function useless.  3) There is no scheduling option, not even a max time or max file size feature, except the program aborts if your output file exceeds about 5GB.  Also program startup requires operator input so you can not use task scheduler either.  I asked for documentation on the software interface and on any command line options and was told that that kind of information came if I purchased the $250 professional item, so I couldn't even tell if that one would address my problems.  I would guess there will be no third party software available in the near future.  I'm including two quotes from the company.  "At this point we do not have any more engineering cycles planned on SmartCapture Lite. We are more focused with our pro device." and "This is not a plug and play device as the formats are unsupported and there are no third party software available as we know. SDK and other user controllable functionalities are available with the Pro device." SmartCapture Pro The CPU load is quite high so be prepared to have a dual core processor heavily used and if you have other work going on you will find the audio and video desynchronized.  This is because even though the device firmware does the h.264 encode the software then decodes every frame and displays it as well as storing the encoded stream to a disk file. There is no way to modify or turn off this decoding.  The firmware does an excellent job of encoding and the video and audio play very well.  However the rudimentary software and lack of documentation make this product difficult for the average consumer to utilize. Note: The supplied interface cable quit working so I contacted fastvdo support and asked for help getting a replacement. A week later and I still haven't any reply from them.
I recently bought this product for the online security. I learned after attempting to call customer service because I kept receiving errors was not allowed to update. The man on the phone informed me that purchased product is the old version and longer supported. He said for $39.00 he could send me the new current version.
I have had this router for 1 1/2 year. It constantly has issues with connectivity. The connection just drops or slows down to all my devices. The only way to fix this is to unplug and plug the router back in. There are a lot of issues with iPhone 4 and iPad as well. When I connect my iPhone/iPad and leave home and come back, it says it is connected but doesnt connect to the internet at all. The only way to temporarily make it work is to turn wireless on and off on the iPhone (temporary fix). The long term fix is also unplugging the wireless router.
Probably the most useless purchase I ever made.  Very disappointed... and not what I thought at all.  I invested alot - and never used them.
If you look at almost all "retractable" cables, they come with some type of small reel that automatically winds the cable or wire when you tug on them.  This is not that at all.  Its a shame that they only show you the ends (or maybe its strategic), but this is nothing more than ~6 inches of straight cable on each end with 3 feet of coiled wire in the middle.  By coiled wire I mean something similar to headphone cords of the 1970's or old fashioned landline corded phone.  Its actually quite annoying to use, and the fact that the wire is coiled makes this 1.5meter cord useful for about 1.5 feet.  Try to stretch the "retractable" cord any more than a few inches and this will tug on your mp3 player and may cause it to fall.  The build quality is just accepable for the price point.I bought this in an attempt to replace a truly retractable Swiss gear one that I had (which eventually failed after it was left in my car 365 days of the year for several years).  That product is not avaible on amazon anymore (they have variations of this product avaiable with different connections), but it was a very good product... almost perfect for what I needed.  Apparently, most of the other products available right now on amazon are not that great, but I am sure that you can do better than this one.
the quality of the product seems to be good.its been 5 week now since i've bought the usb light and i just noticed that the bottom LED is starting to flicker which means that the light is about to go out. this is my second usb light i bought. the first one i bought was a usb light/fan and one of the lights started to flicker bad and now that light doesn't work. i think ALL usb lights are cheap.
This developed many glitches within the first week.  Came loaded with the wrong software (not what was on the listing.)  Sent it back and got a Mac!
the keys are harder to hit than I thought.  It works properly just not as usable as I needed it to be.
After extensive research between Dell, Lenovo and HP I opted to try the Dell Latitude E6400.  Partly due to the Regal Red color option the competitors didn't offer (most of the other features were exactly the same).  Right out of the box it had problems.Dell has now installed their Control Manager software which you either have to use as a "middle man" of sorts between all your peripherals (like your wireless connection)- or you have to figure out how to disable it and hope doing that doesn't cause any problems.  I called tech support and after speaking to four different people (because the e6400 requires a new kind of tech support being it is so new) I was told to remove the Dell software.  Then I was to reinstall the driver.  This entire process took over half an hour, and I just took the laptop out of the box!  The reason I had to do this was because their software was not identifying my dLink router.  In short, I couldn't connect to the internet.Once this was complete I was able to connect to the internet using Windows, as was always my hope.  But then I discovered I had very slow download speeds.  The tech support guy told me it was a problem on the server side of the software I was trying to download.  WRONG!  At the same time I was using my old laptop to download the same software and guess what...30 seconds flat.  The e6400 was still downloading and told me it would take about an hour.  So I informed the tech guy of his mistake, and after stumbling and stammering guess what he did...he transferred me to ANOTHER tech support guy.I'm going on two and a half hours of tech support just so I can connect to the internet and start to download things like iTunes and Acrobat Reader, standard third party software that any of us use.  FINALLY, this tech guy told me he suspected there was something wrong with the new laptop and he would send me another one.  I'm waiting...One really awful thing about the laptop, as if that experience wasn't bad enough, is the new material it is made out of.  I admittedly have somewhat sweaty hands, oily sort of.  Well, this new metal is matte and doesn't have any sort of finish.  So my sweat, my body oil absorbs directly into the keys.  Literally!  So after four hours of use on my brand new laptop my fingerprints are smudged all over the unit.  It looks like someone spilled black paint onto the keyboard...it is so ugly.  I mentioned this to the tech support guy...and he BLAMED me for having sweaty hands!!!Back to the drawing board for me...If only the Lenovo wasn't made from such cheap plastic (it bends at the wrist support)
The CR-5400 is widely recommended on PSP forums as an alternative to using a genuine Memory Stick, but this product is inferior to a generic dual slot adapter. The CR-5400 exhibits a 15-20 second delay when loading the Video menu, and there is a similar amount of unexplained drive activity after backing out of USB mode. The generic dual slot adapter exhibits neither of these behaviors. Furthermore, of the three CR-5400 adapters I've purchased on Amazon, one of them had mangled pins from the factory and was only made functional after some tricky surgery with a watchmaker's screwdriver. This product should be avoided - use a generic adapter instead.
The adapter is great. It worked well with my psp, using a class 4 16gb, and class 2 8 gb simultaneously.However, a week has passed, and the item proved defective. It's cracked somehow, and I really don't see how it could be my fault, since my previous single sd adapter endured me taking it in and out of the psp for almost half a year. The workmanship is obviously not quality stuff. I've requested a replacement, or a refund, hopefully I'll get one of the two. Besides that, the adapter works great.
Now I bought this thinking i could have a vast amount of space for all my hacked, downloaded PSP games but was i wrong. I didnt give it a 1 star bc it DOES work and MOST hakced games can be read. The fact is that NOT all can be read bc this isnt a "REAL" memory stick, its fake!! so the PSP reads it as "unknown". Point is not all games can be read if youre buying it for reasons like me
i ordered three of these things and with in 2 weeks all three were brokeni did not receive the photofast white versions but instead got the black el cheapo versionsbuy these if you want to waste your money
I've had this adapter for about a year using it in my PSP. I used two 8GB MicroSD cards. For long time it worked great, but then one day my data just disappeared after exiting a game. Lucky I was able to recover some of my data. After that I started to be more careful, so I always made sure to use the "Safely Remove Hardware" function in Windows. Even doing that my data disappeared AGAIN a week after the first time. And today (5-15-2010) about 2 months after that second data loss, it did it AGAIN FOR THE THIRD TIME!!!So if you enjoy making regular backups and waiting hours for recovery software to restore your data, then this is the adapter for you, otherwise just buy a real Memory Stick Pro Duo. I wish I could go back and just saved up for a real 16GB Memory Stick.
i had these and bought 3 of them and none of them lasted more then 6 months because either the memory got currupted or the reader was not working anymore.
Bought a couple of these things for use in a PSP. The very first one I purchased worked but I lost it. So thinking that it was a good product I bought 2 more. The first one of those did not work right out of the package, and the second on worked for about a week. I finaly gave up on them and bought an 8 gig made by Sony and have not had any issues with it.
dont buy this if you gonna use it for the psp cause it take longer to read then a  standard memory stick and you have to format it first so it can work so if you have anything on the micro sd you gonna have to put it on your computer to put it back on to the memory card you just formatted so dont buy this i suggest you buy a different adapter
I ordered the item initially for my psp, together with 2 8gb microsd card, but unfortunately, they delivered the wrong product. Instead of the dual slot adapter, I got a thumb drive instead. But because I live all the way in Malaysia, I couldn't be bothered to inform them and exchange the product cause in order for that, I have to send it back to US, which will cost more, and they have to send it to my US address and I have to pay again to send it back to me. So, yeah. I couldn't get the product unfortunately for me.):
I had used Norton Symantec for years but thought I would try something else. Big mistake.The CA Internet Security Suite Plus 2009  caused all sorts of problems on my brand new computer until I finally uninstalled it and opted for a different product, which seems to be working fine.There did not appear to be any phone number (that I could find) where I could talk to any CA tech support person, and I think that's unacceptable.During the one month I used this product, I got five to ten messages daily telling me the product was no longer protecting my computer, at which point I would have to stop what I was doing and open the CA program to reactivate my anti-virus protection. Finally, the CA Internet Security Suite Plus 2009 even started causing other actions to stop working, at which point I threw in the towel.
This is not about the "Buddy", but about Averatec support.  I had an early Averatec notebook (1000), which was fair value for the money.  Then the power socket began to fail, Apparently a known problem as I found many references to it on the web.  Averatec website and telephone suport would NOT help to get it repaired, AND WOULD NOT SELL THE PART.  Most notebook repair facilities replied that they could not get parts from Averatec, and therefore would not repair my notebook.  There was one facility in Virginia that was willing to do the repair, but adding $100 to the $100 for the repair made this not cost effective.  Eventually I found an independent user support site, where I fund the instructions for disassembling the computer.  I undertook this laborious task, and re-soldered the connector to the board, as the solder had broken.  The fix worked for a couple of months, then the power socket started overheating again.  At that point I decided to junk the computer.
Bought this sucker September 2008 from Fry's. It was meant to replace a failing Speadstream modem and a failing Lynksys router. I combined 2 machines into this one. Well it worked awesome for 18 months. Then in January 2010 we hooked up a Wii and started having connection problems to the router. Then we had wireless connection problems to my laptops. Then we had internet connection problems. So it is now September 2010, and I am sick of learning useless information about networking my computers at home. I'm not sure if it overheated. It was a hot summer and I have noticed it to be really hot to the touch. Hot enough to know that it's not supposed to be that hot. So either I spend 10-30 hours learning the ins and outs of electronic/router/modem/network repair, or I spend $130 on a new modem and a new router. Since I earn more than the time it would take to learn about all that useless information, I'll spend the bucks, save the time, drink a beer while watching the Steelers, and still come out ahead. If you want to join me, I bought the D-Link Dir-655 from Amazon, and the ActionTec GT701D also from Amazon. As far as the game goes, I drink Coors Light, Guiness, and Coronas, and my phone number is 562-555-1212.......ha ha.
I haven't been able to use the webcam much yet, but the tripod is already falling apart, it's a very low quality piece of equipment.
I bought one of these and I had it 3 wk before I dropped it at work.  I only dropped it one time and it broke--we have carpet flooring too.  It's extremely fragile.  DON'T drop it !  I'm probably going to have to buy another one, because it's a huge hassle to change WiFi providers.  But if I had it to do over, I'd have never signed the 2yr contract w/ clearwire for WiFi.  Their card is flimsy, at best.  This is their first wifi card, I hope in the years to come, they become more durable.
This listing is misleading.Great deal I thought, and bought this listing. From the seller reviews it seemed like a decent enough decision. I finally got it in the mail, and opened the box, only to find just the rubber grip. where's the rest? is it  still coming? I looked up "Digitalstiftgriff" turns out that's the German word for pen grip. Other listings have it just the grip pictured. That's right, they're charging you 60 bucks for a piece of rubber.
This product has zero support from the manufacturer.  The chipset is from 2004 and it is extremely difficult to find updated drivers.  It runs very slowly under Ubuntu.  I love the size and it's noiseless but not very useful.
I was looking for a nice low power unit to act as meteohub server, added 8GB SSD, booted from flash drive and installed meteohub to SSD after I changed the BIOS settings. Restarted, tried to get into BIOS to change settings back except VGA display output is no longer working. Try to find support? Good luck. It appears it's mostly an online forum which is sporadically monitored, and email contact for RMA support which takes days to respond. Then the RMA response is to go online and submit a form and wait for a response. Telephone contact? Ha!I'm told RMA will take 4 weeks. I guess everything has to go back to Israel.Amazon will not replace the unit.I gave 2 stars, because I believe the fit-PC Slim will meet my purpose. It's just that the support is so poor. Maybe I should give it only one star. Not a happy camper.
I ordered this from Electronic4sale and as such it took a month to get to me. I was eager to get this to see how it weights up against my tiny FiiO E06 and the difference is huge...unfortunately not in favor of this HDE device. The E06 has three presets for an equalizer...bass-y, no eq, and moderate eq. This unit comes with the unit itself, a cable, and a cd with driver/software. Like most sound card software the equalizer and many other settings are only available in the software. You have presets that are common in many equalizers (rock, dance, classical, etc...), environments (normal, large room, dance hall, etc...), technical settings for the various ports of the card (frequencies in kHz, gain, etc...), and volume. No matter what I did with the equalizer it seemed to be high pitched regardless. Music didn't sound right at all regardless of type and even movies had no depth in the audio using this thing...it was a total let down or more notably pointed out how good FiiO is at what it does with music in a small package. I ended up using the FiiO on the line out of this device and happiness was returned. I do wish I had a recommendation to fix this units high tone, but with the software they have one is limited.
Update to original review below:Good news - looks like I can't edit up the star rating would to 4 based on surprisingly fast e-mail response when e-mailed TP-Link.  They suggested moving further away from any other devices and resetting to a different channel.  The router was setting where it always has been but I moved it further away ... then had about a 5 minute connection before it dropped.However much better luck with changing channel to 10. In order to do so could no longer use 108MPS Dynamic but switched to 54Mbbs (802.11g) and it now seems to be solid - almost an hour with no drops and I am able to do program transfers from TIVO to TIVO desktop.Original Review in my frustration:After so many problems with D-Link router I was thrilled to see so many good reviews of the TP-Link at such a low price.For the first 30 days worked wonderfully.  Fairly easy to set up etc.But than became very erratic, and worse over the last few weeks.I have a laptop and TIVO that links to it via WAN.  Laptop "can not connect" even when sees the SSID with strong signal.  TIVO shows no signal saying needs something from DHCP.Just checked to get what it says but all of a sudden its up again.  Will see if stays up long enough to get a TIVO schedule update.  The last scheduled one failed.I've reset up, checked settings etc zillions of times.  Must be the router since its intermittent without me changing anything - but mostly down.Just checked TIVO and didn't stay up long enough says "no gateway found".If I reset router, turn off main computer, cable modem and router and reboot each I can maybe hold a connection for 4-5 minutes. Than not even a signal although it shows the SSID name.  Signal strength when working is good about 80%-98% on TIVO in the next room, The laptop is 3 feet away from the TP-Link Router.It seems impossible to contact the TP-Link support phone.  Have tried day and night for about a week at different times.  The phone rings and seems to answer followed by either a fast busy or a very weird distorted pulsating tone.  Maybe a Chinese fast busy. Phone is on website, only phone they have in the U.S. and for "support".I will try e-mailing support but warn folks there is no phone support and after 30 days in my case it became as unreliable as prior D-Link similar router.
Ok so I purchased this product because I wanted to use it on my laptop.  which is running on windows xp. Received it and installation was a breeze. After installing and restarting etc. Had everything hooked up and tested out with a mp3. played perfect until about halfway through the song you can hear like distorted interference or something. when the song is playing you can't really hear it, but once the song finished you could definitley hear it clearly.  why it was doing this I'm not sure. but I uninstalled the drivers restarted the computer and reinstalled off the cd. and once again it would do it this time during playback of a movie. I still get sound and I can hear what they are saying but the garbled distorted sound is too much.  I then took it and then installed it on my desktop which has vista running on it. and different set of speakers. and I had same problem. So again I just think maybe the one I got was defective, because no one else seems to have this problem.  If it's worth anything it works great and the sound is great until I start getting that weird garbled feedback.
This seemed like the perfect solution to a problem we had: my laptop only output 2 channels for sound, but I have a nice 5.1 speaker system (used with an older computer).  Setup fairly easily (though there we definitely driver issues and took some working to resolve and some fooling around with the sound setting in Windows), but if I played a movie on my computer, the sound output from this device was plagued with static, crackling, and other noise.  It was 5.1, but it was terrible to listen to because of the noise.  I had high hopes for this, and I don't know exactly what the problem is, but sadly it isn't usable for me.
I purchased this system hoping that it would solve my 5.1 Audio problem with Logitech's x540's. I bought this so I could have true 5.1 with my system on my laptop as my laptop sound card didn't support 5.1 obviously. Most laptops don't. In any case, this was a horrible mess to get working and the color cables for surround and bass are switched so that caused some confusion in my set up. In any case, this sound card works very little part of the time. It ALWAYS cuts out when watching YouTube video and some times cuts out during gaming. The blinker stays on as if it's working and transferring sound data, but no sound is heard. The only way to resolve this issue is to unplug/replug the soundcard and then restart the application. Very annoying. I can't watch a full flash video because of this crap card. I downloaded the driver from their website as the one they gave me on the disc looked like it was from 1950. Just a horrible card. In this case, this quote holds true:"You get what you pay for."I'm not making the same mistake. NewEgg has an awesome Creative Sound card for $20 more. For this stupid hassle, I'll take the $20.
EDIT: Updated 5/3/13 -- Just to note, this product lasted only about a year. After carrying this around in my laptop bag and using it once every week or so, the USB cable began to detach from the main housing. If you are going to purchase this product and use it as often, beware that it may only last you this long. I ended up purchasing another product that is very similar in functionality, but has an aluminum casing with a detachable USB cord to store separately.I bought this USB soundcard for the price first and foremost. I have not fully inspected it's total functionality nor do I know what it could be best used for, but I have been using it along with MIXXX, FOSS DJ software, to split the Master and Headphone channels between the Front and Rear stereo outputs on the USB card. It works very well for this task and if you are interested in DJ'ing mp3's (sound with a 44.1KHz or 48KHz quality) with FOSS software like MIXXX this would be a great purchase. This was purchased months ago and it has not given me a single issue, except that one of the jacks that I have used heavily is now just a wee bit loose.
I run a recording studio in my town and needed a Lightscribe capability to provide a good finished product for a client.  I ordered this product thinking it looked sleek and cool, and would be easy to have portable &#34;finished products&#34; for various things I do traveling and recording.  Instead of working well, it is consistently finicky.  Once it starts burning after I'd say a typical 3 hour process of having to unplug and restart the computer over and over, I can make it work consistently as long as I don't touch anything else.  If the green light on it starts blinking longer than 30 seconds, it's not going to stop until you unplug the device, reboot the computer, wait for the desktop to open, then plug the device back in and hope the green light stops blinking at some point so you can begin the burning process again.  If I try to leave it plugged in when I turn it off, it freezes up.  If I have it plugged in when I start the computer, it doesn't get beyond a blinking DOS prompt.  That's right--frekin DOS.  So unfortunately, I cannot recommend this product to anyone and I wouldn't be willing to do someone the disservice of selling mine to them.
I bought this because my DVD drive in my laptop stopped working and rather than replacing it, for the occasional use it made sense to buy an external drive. The unit worked out of the box, but a few weeks later (after no additional use) stopped working. I even bought a $30 AC adapter, thinking this was the issue but that had no effect. It is now dead.
It works but you may have to wear earplug... won' buy any part from Cellular factory again... S&H cost is too much 11.00
its a cheap unit, only 1 year warranty, originally purchased when i needed to upgrade my case for a new motherboard (i liked the case).  this thing was excessivley loud out of the box, however i wasn't complaining because of the price tag (simmilar 750 w pw were twice or more expensive).  vid card died in computer (which i had gotten from a friend) and i let it sit for about 5 months after which i built a nice gaming computer, with a big vid card (sapphire 6950) quad core, 3 hard drives, thought 750w shoulda been plenty (and probably was).  I noticed the computer was much quieter that i remembered, i think the fan had died on this thing..? anyways after about a week of pure joy, sadness when this p.o.s. breathed its last.  it still looks brand new but the quality isn't there.  I think i'm on my way to best buy right now to get something that can do the job right (and silently). expect what you pay for on this one..?
I purchased this and installed it in my wife's computer. It was very quiet and worked fine but out of the blue it stopped working completely after a year and a half. I have a gateway computer and the original power supply is still working after 5 years and a number of upgrades.
This battery was good at first but quickly started losing the length of charge time.  It lasted eight months before failing.  You get what you pay for here.
I bought this battery assuming that it would be compatible with the Acer Aspire 4730z notebook. Other reviewers had claimed it was compatible, and at first it was! I received the battery, and yes it was an extremely tight fit. I plugged it into my laptop and started charging it. I ran BatteryCare utility to see how the battery was faring and it was extremely good at first look. The battery only came with 5.12% wear, which is acceptable in this case. However, that's where the acceptability stopped. Apparently this battery was recognized as a Sony battery, not an Acer battery. This caused the battery to stop charging at 55%.Bad fit, and bad charge. If this battery fit my laptop, and it happened to be a sony...im sure it would be an excellent battery. However in my case, it was not. Buyers beware. I do not know if I even want to go through the trouble of shipping it back....
buy this battery because the article said that it was of 8800mAh and wanted this battery for my laptop because I had high load capacity, but to use it really was not what I expected lasting so look today because it was lasting so little time and I got the big surprise was only 7200mAh and not 8800mAh, did not comply with what the article said. I hope they change the product descriptions. purchase the item from Colombia and I had always done well with this problem amazon.com but I will think twice before buying again thank amazon.com. sorry for the English but not well, use the help of google thank
I purchased this keyboard so that I could have a small, portable keyboard for my PS3. I was excited when I found it because it was inexpensive and very compact. Unfortunately the keyboard is unusable because it apparently "misses" the key up signal, so you'll be typing a word and it will randomly repeat letters.
Keys rattle dont seem like tight fit. Only reason I would buy is I need a new keyboard for old computer and its cheep and I know what to expect which is cheep price cheaply made keyboard.
I liked the booklight cover, but not the way the light shone on the book. The light telescopes out and is not centered on the book. Left side of page is illuminated and the right side is not illuminated very well. After using for a month, the telescoping light will not stay in place which causes the light to flicker off and on. Would not buy this product again.
Zipper broke on first usage. Also was a lot smaller than we thought it would be as we wanted to carry a laptop in it. Returned and found a different kind.
It's hard to beat this device, on price or functionality.  It plays almost every format under the sun, at 1080p resolution.  Awesome quality, pretty easy to use.  A network is not required, files can be played off a USB stick.The problem, however, is tech support.  It is non-existent.  Should something break in this device, you're screwed basically.  You're lucky if you get 1 email per day from the "support" people, most of them totally irrelevant.So, you're basically on your own if you decide to get it.
I bought this after hearing nothing but rave reviews from friends and co-workers.Out of the box this thing was a great device. Setup was fairly simple, and there were no hiccups.After about 2 weeks of use I started to have some Audio issues while listening to MP3's.Now, I bought this for Movie streaming, so I wasn't too concerned. About a week after noticing this, the device stopped seeing my windows shares.After going back and forth with support for over a week, i was told to try a firmware recovery. This failed 4 times. Obviously showing a fault with the device. I was still going back and forth with support trying to get an RMA for this thing.After giving them my serial number I was informed that my Device was no longer covered and that I'd have to pay $50 USD to get my PCH replaced...That's all fine and good, except that I recieved the device less than a month ago.This device works great... When it works.Beware of PCH support, very quick to respond, but not the most helpful.
Got this card about 9 months ago because I needed a Video Card that you could install in a system that had a 350W power supply; (stupid D*ll and their cheap hardware).  It installed fine and everything was great until about 6 months after installation I noticed that whenever I would start up my system the screen would "flicker" on and off from true color to a screen with horrible blue overtones, and back.  Long story short, I threw out my 20" CTR monitor I thought was wearing out and bought a LCD one and .... same problem.  It seems as if this card has pretty bad overheating problems along with some defects.  I grantee that it doesn't perform like a 512mb card should; with a 3GHz P4 processor and 4 gigs of RAM I have to run BioShock at "low" settings.  $59.99 seems like a bargain, but only if you like replacing your video card once a year.
I purchased this video card for use in my Dell Dimension C521.  Due to the limited space in the mini tower, my options were confined to low profile hardware.  Upon reading several reviews, I chose this one.Out of the box, I was impressed.  Installation was straight forward and I had the card installed in less than 20 minutes.  I threw in a game that wouldn't run with my previous card and it ran smoothly.  All set, right?  Wrong.After about a month of use, my games started having problems.  After playing for about 10 minutes, they would lag so badly that I would have to close them all together.  I tried to diagnose the problem as a hardware issue, but to no avail.Another month passed.  I was watching streaming movies from netflix.  Without warning, my screen went black.  The computer was still running, but I had no video output.  My first thought: this is related to my gaming issues.Upon opening the computer case, I found that the video card was hot to the touch.  The built in fan was still operating, but was insufficient in cooling the video card.  Since then, I have had to leave my tower wide open with a desk fan blowing on it at all times.  If I forget, I lose video output again.Long story short, this card does its job.  I am very happy with the performance in running my video games.  However, its integrated cooling fan is insufficient.  If you will use this card, make sure that your tower is well-ventilated.  Otherwise, you will be facing a grave disappointment.
I bought this product to check 12 separate hard drives for data. Each hard drive was connected for about 5 minutes. The first 5 worked. It was nice to plug straight to the HDD, without needing to remove it from the computer case.I plugged it in to the 6th one, plugged in the power connector, and heard a resounding POP from the power adapter. And then smoke.Something, perhaps a capacitor, blew inside the adapter. After 30 minutes of use? This product was not well made.It's a good idea for a product - but get it from a reputable dealer with a good return policy.
This product just isn't what I thought. I thought I could connect it to my HP laptop hard drive and get the information I needed. Sad mistake! I guess I assumed since it said SATA/IDE it would still connect with SATA II drives...guess not. That and the plug isn't a normal 3 prung plug like I had thought. And it just needs to come with directions. Think I'll just pay more money for a better product.
I bought this six months ago and used it once. I just brought it out again to use it and now it doesn't work. One use for $10, or buy something that's better built?
Adapter part worked OK with XP Home SP3 on all the drives I've used it on(several laptop, desktop IDE & SATA hard drives, as well as a SATA DVD burner). Was pretty well pleased with it until now, as the power supply burned out and took a hard drive with it. Burning electrical smells are not a good thing. Probably had around 15 hours worth of intermittent usage spread out over the last few months. Would buy the adapter part again and just use a different better quality power supply with it.
PROS: Arrived quickly, installed easily. Quickly allowed me to upload a few things onto my laptop from an old hard drive. This was all going good for about ten minutes until it...CONS: Caught on fire.
I ENDED UP FRYING MY DRIVE BECAUSE THE CABLE WAS REVERSED WHEN I PLUGED IT IN.  I WAS NOT SURE WHAT WAY TO PUT IT IN.  IT FITS BOTH DIRECTIONS UNLIKE THE REAL CABLE INSIDE THE COMPUTER THAT ONLY GOES IN ONE WAY BECAUSE OF THE SHAPE
I purchased 2 items and one of them only worked for 1 day, the power adapter stopped working. I would look for another brand, seller.
It was shipped in a cardboard box and packaged in a clear cellophane envelope.  The driver CDROM was split in two.  There were no instructions.  I used it to connect two different, used IDE drives to my Windows 7 64-bit computer that would sometimes recognize the adapter, then once in a while find the attached hard disk.  I could never, however, open the attached hard disk.  I wasted an evening trying to get it to work, don't you.Update:  I tried the adapter with a third IDE drive.  It worked just like it should with that one, that's one out of three IDE hard disks.  It might be that those used drives were incompatible or defective.  Either way, it appears to be an iffy proposition.
OK first things first got it fast and cheap two things I like.But thats about as far as it goes. How am I suppose to plug alive wire into a hard drive with out frying it? really whatin the hell are they thinking? on everyone I have bought havea toggle switch on it so I can plug it in to the wall and intothe drive THEN turn it on when I feel I want too. I guess I amjust going to throw this P.O.S in the trash and spend 5 bucks moreto get one with a switch and better connectors. So Bottom line is,if you don't care about F-ing up your drives STAY AWAY
It didn't work at all . the ide  sata cable was very loose and fall apart, charger don't work it looks like a toy. the only thing working was the sata cable.
It worked at first when I plugged it in and checked it yesterday. I was able to see the files. Today, I had the time to sit down and move the files from the IDE to my new hard drive, and smoke started coming out of the hard drive as soon as I plugged the power supply in. Now it's completely dead. I'm pretty upset; I was trying to recover family pictures from Disneyland. I think this cheap equipment killed the hard drive completely.
It works great, the hard drives show up perfect, both SATA and ATA/IDE, but the transfer speeds are so, so slow.  Looking at ~312 kbps transfer speed, which again, works, but it will take hours upon hours to pull my music and pictures off these old hard drives.  Was hoping for something a little faster, but you get what you pay for.
The product arrived quickly, it was easy to connect, it worked perfectly for a couple weeks and then, it stopped working.
I am not impressed by the sound quality of this Skype handheld phone. The sound is a little bit too tinny for my taste. I doesn't come close to the sound quality of the Plantronics headset I had been using. Also I was never able to get the record feature of the freeREC software that came with this device to work properly. Unless one absolutely needs a Skype handheld phone device, I'd skip this one.
After reading the reviews of others about this product, I decided that I would give it a try, see how it went. I plugged in the mouse and it seemed sluggish, but I quickly figured out how to adjust the resolution with the button on the top of the device. I have to say I was very happy in the improvement of my gaming and general mouse usage. After about 3 weeks, I noticed the occasional "tremble" of the cursor on the screen, even though my hand was moving in a steady, smooth motion. I gave it little thought, attributing it to my cheap mouse pad.  Then it grew a bit more frequent. At some point between weeks 4 and 5, the mouse completely ceased to function. I tested it on my other computer and the result was the same. I heard the sound that signifies Windows had detected it, but I could not move my cursor or even click the mouse on the screen. I consulted Leapmaker about the problem and they directed me to pursue the returns policy on their Amazon.com site. As it turns out, you can't return it after 21 days. In short, this mouse left me up a creek without a paddle. However, if you feel like trying your luck at the risk of $9, be my guest.
I never used this book.  It was an interesting read, but I am not much of a cook so I didn't use it.  It seems to be just as complicated to make the second dish as the first, so it's like your cooking and u need just as many ingredients as with the first dish.  I dont know.  Perhaps you will see it differently.  Enjoy.
Remote sensor was not included in the package. I have a Roku that'a always on hence the remote is necessary. Without the remote sensor, it does not work. Pictures on Amazon all show a sensor included. Very bad advertising. I gave it a two star because it works switching manually by pressing the button on the HDMI switch itself, not the remote.
I bought this product because the television in my bedroom can only accommodate 1 HDMI cable, so I got this to connect my PS3 and cable box. Well this doesn't allow my PS3 the ability to go to the main menu screen when connected.
Planned on using this on a laptop with Vista but after downloading the driver it did not work and I never heard back from the support.Hooked it to my laptop with XP and it works fine,with no drivers.
I had this product for less than 3 months.  Used it maybe 10 times max.  While it worked, it worked well, but today it quit.  New batteries, reset USB dongle, etc. still dead.  Connections are supposed to be automatic, although there is a "connect" button to refresh connection to dongle.  Will update this as the return/exchange process takes place.Here is my update -- after several days, the seller finally e-mailed me to say to contact BTC for a repair/refund.  BTC on their web site FAQ says to contact the seller.  Nowhere can I find any warranty information, not on the BTC site, not on the BTC box (there is no manual).  Seems to me that everyone is pointing fingers at the other guy.  $40 for less than 3 months usage is pretty pricey given that basic keyboard components are dirt cheap.
I was a bit disappointed in this game.  I bought it for my fifth grade class.  I thought that it would be general questions that they could answer, but they are not.  We only played it once and they were not to excited about it.
Just an FYI, this does NOT fit the new 11.6" MacBook Air, contrary to what several people on different online websites have stated.
It did not come as shown in the picture. I received only the router, I did not get the cables or power cord. I had to purchase them separately. It should not show a picture with everything there if that is not how it is going to ship. Nothing was said about it either until I received the product and then it was on the invoice that those items were not included.
How about suggesting an alternative to AT&T 2701HG-B 2Wire Wireless Gateway DSL Router Modem by 2Wire  for Mac users with AT&T DSL.
Like all the other users...this product dies as soon as the warranty expires.  I wish there were a compatible product to use instead.
Never had a problem with the wireless router.  Worked fine with my laptop and wireless network printer; however, in almost exactly 2 years to the day from when I originally got it, the DSL modem died (began getting glitchy about 2 months earlier).  There's no excuse for a modern electronics product to last just 2 years.
I read time and time again to "bridge" this modem/router to a better functioning router behind it.  But I couldn't listen - and I spent HOURS attempting to open a special port for "forwarding".  What a mistake !  In my opinion, this hardware at about $100 is ABSOLUTELY not worth it.I wish I could personally thank Ivan Torres for his GREAT set of instructions on how to "bridge" the 2Wire:  [...]It took me a long time to find it, but well worth the time.
Then a message pops in your web browser telling you you've lost your internet connection. Duh.  When it finally resolves itself you have to shut down your web browser and restart it to get back to the web page you were on.  Awful system.  The AT&T guy that came and set it up when my old one went bad even told me it wasn't as good as a dedicated router and separate wireless modem, but he was out of those and had to install this piece of junk.
This unit replaced my AT&T; oldie (but I kept it.)and was easy to configure and ran okay for about a year.It died a few days ago and AT&T; customer support advised me to buy another unit at $100. Luckily I saved my older, early DSL modem and will choose a different brand to replace the 2-WIRE rig. I am also considering Verizon's MiFi plus data package that will save $ compared to AT&T.; Gee whiz a refurbed Linksys is only $35 . . .or I can piggy back the neighbor for free! :-)
I received this router for free a couple years ago when I signed up for AT&T DSL service. I guess the old saying is true, "you get what you pay for". Right out of the box the device was messed up. For no reason it would reboot itself once every 20 minutes. After about four hours of troubleshooting with various levels of tech support I finally got them to send me a replacement. The new device works but I've had many of the same problems that other raters have described. The speed seems to go up and down intermittently and when using my laptop it loses the signal sporadically even when I'm working just a few feet from the device. Also just after the first year of use the AC adapter fried so I had to purchase a new one. I've read on other sites that this is a common problem with this router. For some reason it seems to burn up adapters. Right now I am in the process of shopping for a better device.
My last AT&T; modem only, purchased in 2005, died two weeks ago.  I found this out because I lost my internet connection suddenly and talked to an AT&T; technician, who diagnosed that the modem had failed because the lights would not stay green but kept cycling.  That technician told me I had to purchase a new modem.  Note that AT&T; is my internet provider.Coincidentally, I had to call AT&T; the next day regarding my bill.  That person told me that AT&T; was currently running a "promotion" regarding the modem, which I now know that AT&T; does from time to time.  I called in a third time, citing the promotion, and AT&T; sent me a free modem/router.  Yes, free.  Again, you have to be an existing AT&T; customer for internet service.  I'm guessing that if you established service with AT&T;, you could also get the modem/router free of charge.We have three computers connected with a wireless network.  This modem was not an easy install.  My husband and I are both experienced computer users (20 years+) and have previously installed modems; we could not do it.  It took the AT&T; technician about 45 minutes to install this one.  While the internet speed is worth it, installation of this modem/router destroyed our network, which had to be re-established.  AT&T; will not re-establish your network.Based upon other reviews that say this item doesn't hold up, I will update this review regarding durability.  However, as of today, if you are an AT&T; internet customer, you can get this product free of charge, with a $12.95 shipping cost.  On top of that, AT&T; will warrant it for a year.March 10, 2013 update:  As of this date, the modem continues to work just fine.
The router/modem we had before was a westell, which was our first one given by us the first time we signed up with AT&T. It worked good for a long 3 years, but it started dieing out. Internet going out several times a day. So we called in for a new one and had to pay some money for it (about 60 dollars I think). The only good thing about this is the Ease of Setup which I give 4 stars...it was easy to setup, a bit misunderstandings here and there but we got it quick. The Ease of Use again...4 stars. Pretty explanatory when you access it. Now here is the part that ticks me off the most of all...it kept doing the same thing as my old westell! We switched the wireless channel and we got some relief, but it is still going out several times a day. What's bad is AT&T says only few modems/routers can connect to them. Fast and Good ? It's fast..but too many several disconnects so what's the point of giving it a good rating if you disconnect a lot? Super good ? Uh no. If I could give this a category...compared to other routers and modems...it's a piece of junk. Serves a long time ? It started acting up on the first day! What am I doing: I purchased this "D-Link ADSL2/2+ Modem/Wireless Router" . Some reviews say it works with AT&T users so I'll give it a shot. Once I get it in, and if it stays connected for a week, I'll write a review about it in the customer reviews.
3 Weeks later still can;t get it to work. Need to Purchase a new power cable. the one the came with it is not the right cable. Still unsure if box will work.
The power supply that comes with the 2wire dsl modem and wireless router is apparently very prone to failure after 1 year especially if you leave it on 24 hours a day.Before buying a new dsl modem, think about using a new power supply ... But maybe not the one from AT&T; because that one may also fail after 1 year of use ...The original ac/dc adaptor had specifications of 5.1 V and 2 amp but I successfully replaced it with a variable adaptor (set at 5 V) capable of current up to 2.5 amp (which costs about $20 in June 2010 at Fry's Electronics).