I was disappointed witht he coverage of loading and post processing RAW within Bridge and ACR.  Theere is not enough meat inthsi section to thouroughly understand the in and out of thisimportant workflow step.  I am no more smarter or convince in the correct workflow when using hundreds of RAW shots at one time.  Not a recommnedation to spend $50 for this product.
I bought this monitor in July 2000 and have now owned it for 3 days. The monitor is compact and relatively lightweight (31 pounds). The image quality seems comparable to the much more expensive 21-inch monitor I have at work. If you don't want to spend much money for a monitor, this seems  like a logical choice. In general, NEC is a reputable brand while if you  find something any cheaper, you are probably sacrificing manufacturer  quality.
This monitor was a good price back in 2000 when I bought it and served me well up until about a year ago.Last year (2003) at the age of 3 years, this monitor fried my processor due to my heavy graphics use, causing some sort of electrical mayhem, a very slight burning smell & the display flinching/ruffling leading up to it. At the time everyone was sure it had been my video card. I'm here, a year later to surprisingly come to the conclusion, it was the monitor. It didn't quite happen again (no fried CPUs this time) but recently  the same smell, coupled with flinching/ruffling came back when put under heavy graphics use again (which I haven't done since last year) & this time I easily traced it back to the monitor.  It had been the culprit a year ago.  I'm pretty sure it's done with its warranty at this point but it was good while it lasted. I guess $150 bucks for 4 years wasn't bad which is why i'm giving it a 3 star rating.But keep an eye out for funky-ness around the 3-4 year mark--and the ever-so-slight burning plastic smell, especially under heavy graphic use.
The FE950 is a decent monitor.It takes too long to startup (slow charging) and takes forever to sync to a new resolution setting. It also takes forever to turn off.The CRT coating is excellent as there's almost zero glare but the quality is lackluster. The text and graphics are NOT crisp and I find myself squinting to see graphics clearly.Overall I would not give it a STRONG BUY rating but rather give it a OK BUY rating. If you find one on sale for dirt cheap prices, go for it.
After using this monitor for a couple of years, this monitor starts losing sync sporadically.  The losing of sync is not caused by the video adapter as this happens with two difference video adapters.
Lets get things straight.  First, this monitor does not have the high resolution capacity of any regular monitor.  The only great thing about this is that you can watch TV.  The monitor is pretty fuzzy and not clear.  Don't get scammed and get this monitor.  Well actually no. If you like the resolution of a TV, then get this monitor.  Im stressing this because, this kind of monitor reduces light glare which is better for you eyes than a regular monitor.  Its your choice.  To me, i prefer worse eyes and better resolution.
I bought this specifically for my seven year old to use.  It was a used item but in great shape.  The software that was pre-loaded on it was worth far more than what I paid for the used laptop!  Wasn't wireless capable, so that was a slight drawback.
i had problems with unit freezing up when i tried to use a game cds. video and audio cards are not much to start with and are integrated into motherboard, so upgrading is either very difficult or not possible from what i have been told. ask specific questions and demand accurate answers about what this and any computer will and can do in the future. live and learn. j
I've bought 3 Compaq Presarios in the past few years. Their machines, in general, offer great value for the money. However, they are not terribly well-built or well-designed. It can be a frustrating task to add hard drive or CD drive to the system yourself. On some models, I practically had to dismantle all the drive bays before I can fit a new drive in. This can be a blessing though: my house was burglarized once and the computer literate burglar decided to steal all the add-on cards in my Compaq instead of taking the whole machine which was too heavy. He got the cards all right, but couldn't figure out how to remove the hard drives and left my 2 drives with valuable data behind. I should be grateful to the Compaq hardware designers. :-)
I have owned the Toshiba 1805-S254 for 3 years now. it has been a pretty reliable computer overall. No problems with the DVD or issues with ports of any kind. If I can fault this computer, it would be the ever persistent overheating issue everyone mentions. My laptop started to overheat 3 months or so after I purchased it. It is indeed a design flaw, and I believe it to be mainly the cause of dust. Dust gets stuck in the fan screen, and ends up overheating the laptop. While the problem is persistent, it can be helped by a) having your laptop slightly elevated so that it does not have dirrect contact with the desk, and b) blowing air into the fan opening to clear at least some of the dust out.The only other I have had is a battery issue. Mainly, that the battery is pretty much dead and takes very little charge. (it lasted perfectly 2 years) I can't say however that this is a product fault since most batteries are expected to last 2-3 years.
The cpu fan of my laptop (1805-s274) is too loud compared too other laptops.Is it norml to be like that , or did i got a defect laptop .
This GX1 is what I have, and modified.  I had this machine for over one year. I have recieved it from a friend, which was upgrading to newer workstations in his business.Even though this machine is dinosaur, it does quite fine on video, but cannot run Premiere Pro due to machine limitations (duh).  Managed to play various games (GTA 3, GTA: Vice City), with a recent video card (ATI 9200-generic, 128MB, Video out, DVI, PCI). Did use an ATI All-in-Wonder VE (PCI, 32MB, MPEG Encode/Decode), and managed to put FireWire (IEEE 1394) card to run mainly video capture.  And put in a generic 56kbps telephone modem. Some variants have AGP, and more PCI slots.  This machine is on the borerline of DVD recording capability (takes a year and four days! exaggerating), though it's ridiculous and very excessive, I just use the recorder for storage purposes (LiteON, 4x DVD+/-R/RW).Compared to today's Dell machines, the late '90s models have been fairly reliable, and easy to modify (no jumpers to set).  This was a model made in the company's better days.My model does not have the branded monitor, but is using an IDEK Iiyama 17" BNC/VGA monitor (1992), very "old school".This machine is given three (3) stars strictly by design.  Performance ratings would be much less, like half of a star or a negative (impossible).  The case is easy to open, but is not easy to work with cabling.  The expansion card (PCI x3) is easy to remove from the main board, by using a beige plastic lever.  Custom computers surpass this convenience with slide-out trays, but for a mainstream manufacturer in 1998, it's quite nice for free!
This is my first laptop purchase and I am somewhat diappointed with the speed of the 900MHZ Duron processor.  My 400MHZ desktop is MUCH faster.  The screen is bright and large (15").  I am extremely frustrated witht the Windows XP OS...what a joke!  Don't count on using Netscape, the mail settings are lost with each reboot.  I believe I would spend the extra ... for a Pentium or Athlon to speed things up.  Instant access buttons would be nice as well such as dvd controls or internet quck start.  No hardware problems, however.
I have had my Vaio rx-550 for over two years and love it. I have not felt the need to upgrade (not that I haven't had the itch) However if I was still into heavy graphics as I was when I had a small E-com biz I probably would have. It's fast enough, as fast or faster than most of the latest works, and has handled the big tasks I assigned it.The only problem I have had is I have fried two hard drives in two years. I thought it was me until I started reading some others thoughts and experiences with this modle.I recommend a Vaio, and getting one of these on the cheap.
Overall good machine, but some problems.The optical drives are not well aligned in the chasis, and the CDR drive does not eject reliably. I often need to reboot the machine to be able to eject the CDR drive. (The DVD drive has no issues.)Floppy drive has some problems reading floppies.Sound, display, bundled software are all good.Sony's technical support has been amazingly disapppointing. I fill out a couple of requests, including one that the basic technical support gives an error, and mail them in. One week later I get a machine reply, which tells me to reply if this does not answer my questions. I reply, and wait more than 1 week (still waiting) for a person to reply.
I played with this slick looking machine at the local outlet of a national electronics chain and I must say I was taken by the cool, futuristic design. However, looking over its specs, it is really a fairly run-of-the-mill P4 with just a built in TV recorder (not a tuner, just a VCR-like feature that uses your TV's tuner) and a DVD-R to brag about. On the short end, it is hardly expandable at all and the price is positively gargantuan considering today's going rate for even a top of the line Dell.
I bought a new Compaq Presario 2715US from Ubid. I like all features of the laptop, specially its video and sound quality, seperated DVD and CD-RW drivers, an spare battery. But I quickly found I could not write CD-RW or CD-R disk using its CD-RW driver. After many tries and lost four CD-R disks, I wrote Compaq support and Got their response after one hour (much better than HP). They suggested me to download upgrade software from Roxio. I installed downloaded upgraded firmware and new application. I still could not write CD-RW. Finally I returned the laptop and bought a HP pavilion zt1185.The hard disk of the 2715us also make load click noise even when the machine is idle. The removeable CD-RW driver is difficulty to remove. It is also heavy.
I am a graduate student of Gerogia Tech. (I'm not a novice in computer.)I bought 715US a month ago. The price is good, and it shows very good performance.However, it is NOT very stable. I have experienced some troubles/problems. For example, I could not turn off the notebook several times, so I had to plug out of it. And, it would shut down by itself suddenly when I watching a movie file from CD-ROM. So I had to move the files from CD to harddisk everytime.I doubted Windows XP preinstalled in this notebook, so I installed Windows 2000, which is regarded as the most stable OS from MS. However, I couldn't find some hardware driver files needed for Windows 2000. The installation CD-ROM and COMPAQ's internet site do not provide these driver files so that the users can't change OS other than the preinstalled one.So I had to get the driver files from the hardware manufacturers homepage or use the drivers for other similar COMPAQ notebook model.After installing Windows 2000, it becomes more fast and stable. However it is not perfect yet.
I have had the opportunity to see a powerbook upclose and personal and have witnessed it failing miserably.  The Powerbook G3, looks sleek and seems to have alot, but apparently can't withstand a little bump.  This was a new computer, however it the HD seems to have malfunctioned already.  What's the beef?  I thought Apples were supposed to be better than that.
Let me say right off, there is no DVD Player on this Model (knew that going in, but Amazon.com includes it in its description). I bought this iMac in late August and so far I'm pretty happy with it. The thing you should know is that the Quicktime application is useless with a dial-up connection, so the very first thing I had to do was to download and install Real Audio for OSX to hear or see anything streaming on the Web.I've never owned a Windows PC so I can't compare the two, but this is a beautiful machine to look at, that was important to me since I'm going to be using it every day for the next 4-5 years, and, it is easy to use. I had some trouble with it connecting to my ISP, but I did figure it out.The CD-R is a very nice feature, that is where, for example, you can get some CD's at your local Library, and using your MAC you can put them onto a blank CD, which is pretty cool. That is also easy to do, even for a new user like me. Anyway, I should probably give it 4 Stars, but I've only had it for 3 months, so we'll see. Hope this Review helps you a little.
This apple has no power, but it is very small and good for travling. If you get this be sure to get a memory upgrade
This is a perfectly acceptable workstation, to be used on a home or office network connected to a server. As a stand-alone, it is too limited in every way to be useful.
Well, I must say I do not like this notebook and now I regretI did not get just slightly more expensive HP or Dell.What do I have against?1. battery is NiMH - short life, less than 2 hours in a newunit in my case! My 3 years old HP has over 3h battery time!2. Toshiba does not give you Windows XP installationCD - just some junk CDs which erase your harddriveand install XP. If you got data on your drivebut you need to reinstall - you are [out of luck](Dell does give you normal installation CDs)3. It looks ugly and cheap - this silver stuff really [stinks]And even though screen is 14" , the notebook is longer and bulkier than most 14" notebooks - due to bad design.4. ergonomics is very bad. speakers are in front soports are further. In addition 2 USBs are in back while onlyone on the side and behind PCMCIA and speakers - really badand inconvenient. Also power is in the back - so you have to stand up to connect it - much worse than my last HP.PS2 and serial ports are missing. I must say, this modelhas the worst ports configuration I have ever seen in  a notebook(this is my 4th one). And internal speakers do [stink].And internal microphone does not work for me at all.5. docking bays have locks on the bottom (Dell and HP on the side) so you have to lift the machine to open any bay6. no point stick and I hate touchpad which is oversensitive.Often, when I type, my mouse goes in a random window,very irritating.7. BIOS is very poor - no options at all!Even no fullscreen 640x480 option! I still use DOSfrom time time to time and lack of this feature is veryinconvenient.Honestly the only advantage is relatively low pricefor modern hardware inside: CPU, graphics, memory.But in time these things won't matter while the inconvenientdesign will still [stink].My previous notebook: HP Omnibook 4150 was far superiorin the design and convenience. Too bad I needed somethingfaster....I guess my next notebook will be Dell or HP.Jacek
This is an excellent configuration for the money and has everything I need except LAN and CD-RW, and I can get by with adding these thru PCMCIA or USB, however the LCD display had a total of 6 bad pixels, 4 of them bunched in two groups of two right next to each other. One was bright white, the other bright red. These were visable during almost any activity and made DVD viewing unacceptable...
Haven't bought because all the time it is OUT OF STOCK
Okay, well all the positive parts of this laptop have been told so i'll be negative and concentrate on the cons. (keep in mind im comparing it to the compaq 1720us i returned and my old gateway 3150XL)Con:-Heat. This gets a bit warm. Especially compared to the compaq with the same processor-Hard Drive. I read the complaints and they are right. Click click click. Its really annoying and is a major part of why i got rid of it. The compaq is so super quiet its amazing. Like when you hear a new car and cant tell if the engine is on or not-Video Out. I dont know if this is standard but you have to reduce your laptop screen to 800x600 to do video out to a TV. The compaq didnt require any resizing so i played counterstrike on TV. Cool!Pro:-GeForce2Go in this thing is great but that 800x600 out is the other reason why i am getting rid of this.-Great trackpad. much better than the compaqs-8X DVD is very cool
I love Toshiba laptops in general, and the features on this model lured me in, especially the huge hard drive, large RAM  and great graphics card. However.....this is a *VERY* strange oversight on their part....they have placed in it a chip that requires serious cooling (the kind laptops never offer) after as little as 20 minutes of crunching. Without the cooling, the chip reaches its max temp quickly and then unceremoniously shuts down until it cools sufficiently, resulting in an annoying loss of data. Toshiba is not exactly forthright about the whole matter, but I have a trade in the works with them for a Toshiba that uses the *mobile* (MIII) chip that will solve the problem.As far as I can see, there is no fix on the horizon, and so this model is soon destined for the dustbin.
This isn't a review of this exact model of HP computer, but one very similar that was recently out-moded.  As computer technology moves so fast, models that were hot 6 months ago don't even exist now.  Still, I've found that a generic "$[money] HP computer" has most of the same problems, many of the same short cuts made to cut costs.In my HP, the specs sounded very fast and powerful - 1.2 Ghz, 30 gig hard drive CD writer, nice software bundle, 128 meg memory.  Upon getting the computer home, I found it to be very professional, everything worked well, Windows hardly ever locks up or freezes, and things work smoothly.  Except...HP cut corners to save money, and it shows.  Loading a program on this modern 1.2 Ghz computer can take over 2 minutes, and I'm talking Internet Explorer, which should take 16 seconds.  American Online often takes 5 minutes.  Unacceptable. This stems from getting a cheap, slow hard drive and a motherboard with a small cache and slow IDE interface.  It doesn't matter how fast the processor is, or how much memory you have, you still have to wait for your programs to load from the Hard Drive.I still find that $[money] buys you a better computer from Dell or Gateway than anything you can get from Best Buy.  Compaq, HP, IBM, all of these manufacturers make cheap computers to sell at Wal-Mart and Best Buy and similiar places.  They cut corners to max out their profits, and I've seen people complain again and again about such "Deals".  Beware.
Toshiba and other laptop vendors are using desktop P4s in many of their notebook computers and this has led to some misunderstandings (Amazon should be more upfront about this).  This particular model uses an older "Willamette" P4 that was designed for desktop use. There is also some bad information in some of the reviews that have been posted.  Hopefully this may help:There are two families of P4s.  One is the older, larger (.18 micron) "Willamette" core, which has 256K of L2 cache and is designed to be used in desktops. The newer "Northwood" core (.13 micron) has 512K of L2 cache and comes in two sub-types: desktop and mobile.  If the frequency is equal then the Northwood will be about 10% faster than the Willamette.  In other words if a 2GHz Willamette takes 10 minutes to do something a 2GHz Northwood will (on average) do it in 9 minutes.  Some applications will see as much as a 30% improvement thanks to the larger cache an other enhancements in the .13 Northwood core.If a laptop has a mobile P4, the CPU should be identified as a P4M.  The P4M is *only* built on the .13 micron "Northwood" core and so will *always* have 512K of L2 cache.  If you aren't sure check the web site of the manufacturer (a good idea anyway to see how their web support looks).A P4M cost more than a desktop P4.  The main reasons are the packaging is more expensive (to dissipate heat better) and the voltage of the CPU is lower to save power and reduce heat (low voltage parts must meet stricter manufacturing standards).Toshiba is using the desktop P4 in notebooks so they can sell a fast laptop for less money (saves around $200).  The plus is you save money too.  The down side is your battery life is shorter and the laptop will be larger and heavier to support the extra cooling requirements.Myth: The desktop part may "burn up".Fact: Impossible.  The P4 and P4M are the ONLY CPUs on the market that will reduce their clocks speed before they overheat (called "clock throttling") and speed back up when they cool down.  Even if your heat sink fell off the P4 or P4M will still function.  If this happened to a PIII it will stop and require a reboot and an Athlon will catch fire.(Go to [...] for more info on over-heating CPUs and see a video of an Athlon catching fire!  Fun stuff!)Myth: The PIII is "more reliable" than the P4.Fact: The P4 was built to the stricter reliability rules than the PIII (or Athlon).  New methods were used to eliminate the risk of electro-migration and hot electron failures.  No other consumer CPU has been built any where near this standard.  The down side is the P4 cost more.  The PIII also has fewer transistors and therefore uses less power.  You should balance your choice with that in mind.Myth: Wait for the P4 Xeon this fall.Fact: The P4 Xeon is a server part that will never go in laptop (it uses a larger package for starters). The P4 Xeon has been shipping for a year so if you wait for this fall you might feel a little foolish.  :>)I have even seen reviewers say future P4s will support a GPS.  Um, the CPU has nothing to do with having a GPS.  A GPS is an add-on part just like a modem or a hard drive; any CPU will support one.
I got burned by an iBook that I returned (so slow I couldn't run any usuable software), broke down and went out today and bought a Powerbook.  I am much happier.The screen is a usuable size!  Yeah!  The 12&quot; iBook screens are unusable and the 14&quot; screens are poor quality.  The screen on my Powerbook is great!My only complaint?  I use PCs at work and they have left Apple behind by a mile when it comes to performance.  The first thing I did was go to work and installed some benchmarking programs.  The result?  My Powerbook BLOWS AWAY the iBook!  However the PC (a 1.8 P4 notebook) was 20-100%.Still, I will take the performance hit (it's good enough for me) in order to stick with the Mac.  Hey, I'm a nerd and proud of it!!
Overall the NV170 is a great laptop.  I did quite a bit of research and have been very happy with my purchase.  2 major issues for me:  Customer Support & Sonicstage (Sony's music manager).  From the get go the customer support - even customer service when I ordered over the phone was just atrocious.  I have spent at least 5 hours being transferred from one 800 number to the next by rude service technicians just to try to resolve some issues that were "no brainers" to me.  Only recently did I find one that went that extra mile to at least try to take care of me.  My second complaint is the software that Sony has chosen to use to manage music.  If you just want to listen to songs that you've downloaded from an external source (not including the internet) on your computer, then you should be fine.  However, like most I like to burn CD's & Sonicstage has nearly made me sick, physically, a couple of times with sheer frustration!  They have created a new format that mp3's are converted to when using Sonicstage (.omg).  It is supposed to keep track of copyright information, number of times a song has been downloaded, etc.  The problem is that there is something that doesn't jive between the software and songs dowloaded from the net.  So, sometimes they'll burn, sometimes they won't, sometimes I feel like dropping the machine off my 3rd story balcony......  Anyway, other than these two issues the speed & capabilities of the NV170 accomodate my needs well.
I like this SmartMedia card a lot and it is very handy with my MP3 player.  But, I had a Viking Smartmedia Card that I lost before I got this because it was the only thing in the store.  This thing is virtually no different, and costs almost twice as much! Unless your loaded, be smart and just get the Viking Components 128mb SmartMedia, rather than waste extra cash for this.  It works great, but costs too much.
I was in the market for one of these figuring that I'd like a lightweight Apple laptop for some purposes.  After a bit of shopping around the Web and here on Amazon I realized that I could get the Titanium Powerbook with the G4 for less than this if I got an older model.  Found a G4/500 right here on Amazon for $1200.  That laptop has a much better screen, a PCMCIA slot, a G4 processor.  Yeah, the processor isn't quite as fast, but loaded with RAM (I upgraded the RAM to 768), it's as fast or faster than this G3.  To me the better screen, titanium case and other features of the G4 Powerbook make the year old Powerbook much nicer than the ibook.  The ibook is OK, but the screen is just OK, the overall construction is flimsy.FWIW the construction of the Powerbook is pretty flimsy too.  That's a problem with the very stylish notebooks (I've had plenty of experience with Sony Vaios).If you are in the market for an ibook, you owe it to yourself to at least consider a used, or older refurbished Powerbook.  You might prefer the ibook, but you might be surprised that you can get a Powerbook for less than an ibook, and it's a much nicer computer.
Purchased the eMac several weeks ago for use with my spouse's consulting business--I have and still currently use an upgraded PowerMac 7500/100.  While the 7500 is/was a great computer it can't match the power/speed/video of the new eMac. I was impressed with this computer right out of the box--it's modern shape/size/color is very pleasing to the eye.  It's a bit on the heavy side, but it's small footprint allows it to take up no more space than the 15 inch NEC monitor I use with my 7500. The computer is quick to start and the display is bright and clear--and the graphics appear excellent. The computer was a breeze to set up and though I have never used Mac OSX before it's a great, elegant, and stable operating system.  My only complaint is that my version of MS office will not work with OSX and I have to wait while the computer converts to OX 9--the computer does come with Appleworks (which is OS X native) however, and though I've never used it either, I may covert to it and away from Office. The iTools software makes burning cds fast and easy,and we may never go back to Toast.  All in all I think this is great computer for the money.
Highlights:  Look and feel.  Cools from topside (you can lay it anywhere and not worry about it being able to breath/ cool).  Durable as He11Downside:  Sucks batteries even when off.  512MB memory limit.  S3 16MB video.  USB 1.0  SD card reader will not read High Capacity SD cards (2gb max)I found it in the rain next to a dumpster -- victim of an angry divorce (ex-wife to be destroyed the keyboard stripping keys from it before tossing it in the dumpster pad.  I cleaned it up, put the keys back on (was able to find/ reinstall all of them) Wiped the drive, and it worked like a champ.  I tried to give it to the church secretary.  She is clumsy -- dropped it on a tile floor and kicked it across the hallway trying to recover it.  She wound up not needing it, so I took it back.  It does accept a mobile cpu.  I installed a P4-M 2.2 ghz i got on ebay for $20, and it works faster than most other single core CPU laptops I've come across.  It takes in air from the topside as opposed to the bottom, making a laptop cradle unnecessary (it will breath even if it's sitting on a bed.  Memory limit of 512MB makes Windows XP SP3 a bit sluggish.  Ubuntu Linux 9.10 works great!  It's so easy to get software on this latest edition of linux. But be forewarned -- 16bit graphics only, for lack of Toshiba modified graphics drivers for this unit.  If you have one of these or plan on buying one cheap, just make sure it comes with 512MB of ram, and a 2.0 ghz or faster cpu. Factory shipped internal wireless 'B' adapter is not suitable for home use, for lack of WPA2 Passphrase support.  If it comes with this internal, plan to buy a PC-Card adapter, or the Mini-PCI adapter off ebay mentioned elsewhere in this review.  For Wifi, you can get an Atheros mini pci card off ebay from a Toshiba Satellite A45 (Wireless G MIMO = 108mbs vs 54mbs of the typical adapter/ internal card.  Battery life is average for your typical $500 laptop of comparable performance (1.5~2.5 hrs).  Special note:  This laptop has a feature that allows you to turn on the CD subsystem of the Motherboard even if the laptop is off and the lid is closed by pushing one of the multimedia buttons in the front of the case, making this thing function as a dumb CD player.  This kills your battery, even when it's off -- draining a fully charged battery to 0 in a matter of 3 days (Toshiba really flopped with this one.)  I've discovered that by sliding the battery out of it's mounting point just enough for the terminals to break contact for a moment (laptop off and unplugged) that the subsystem powers down and battery life is much longer when stored unplugged (4% per night).  I'd say if you can get your hands on one for $80~120, and it's cosmetically and mechanically in good shape, it's a good deal for someone looking to run office apps, journal, develop software, or just web browsing under Ubuntu Linux -- especially since it can take so much abuse.  "Take it on a hike ... if nothing else, you can use it as a seat or a hammer to drive tent stakes with."  It's cheap enough to not worry too much about, dragging it places it might get stolen or damaged.To sum it up:  Unless it has 512MB system ram, 2.0GHZ for faster Pentium 4 Mobile, and a 30 gig 5400rpm hard drive, it's useless for anything.  It's not worth the cost of upgrading if you're about to buy one with less.  This thing has taken a beating that would have killed just about any other laptop, yet it performs flawlessly.  Microsoft has updated XP till with less than 1GB of system ram, XP is nearly as clunky as Vista, but under the newest version of Ubuntu Linux (9.10) it surpasses Vista utility and old XP performance despite its 512MB system ram limit, but you give up 24bit graphics.  Wifi performance is nice with an Ahteros mini-pci adapter out of a Toshiba Satellite A45.  It's very comfortable to work with, like the comfortable ink pen you'd rather buy refills for than replace.  For a $120, you'd probably be happy with it if you're looking for a cheap laptop to Journal with, browse the web, manage email and office work, keep in the trunk, or to leave behind in the locker at work.  Don't let someone sell you one for more.
I purchased one of these factory refurbished in the fall of 2002 for $650. It replaced my HP I had since early 2000. Moving up from a 533 celeron to this speed demon was amazing! Unfortunately, longevity wasn`t this models strong point. After less than 2 years the 60G Maxtor hard drive gave up the ghost. In the fall of 2005 the motherboard went and it made it`s final resting place in the junk heap. The computer was never altered or gamed with, only used for light computing. If you can find one for less than $100 it might be worth looking into.
Bought the 8500 as quite an upgrade from my old TNT2.  The performance was as-expected for just over a week, when I began to experience very strange video effects in all Direct3D games.  I suffered through ATI's mock-customer assistance for almost two weeks.  I had done most of the leg-work before even getting in touch with them (replaced my old board, which worked fine, upgraded drivers, DirectX, uninstall-reinstall).  ATI customer support was as useless as a third shoe.As of last night I hauled my board back to Circuit City and exchanged it for a GeForceTi4200 (considerably cheaper).  I'm getting better frame rates from the GeForce 64MB than I did with the 128MB 8500.Overall performance was ok when it worked ... 3 stars, but ATI's horrific response to customer service requests is shameful.  Buyer beware.  If you have good luck, I'm sure you'll be satisfied (although there are cheaper boards with better performance out there), and if you have bad luck, good luck!
When I bought this computer 4 1/2 years ago I was motivated in large part by the price.  It was seemingly a good deal, big hard drive, etc. But within 2 years the sound card blew out on me, and two days ago the monitor died.  Granted, the computer is getting kind of old, by computer standards, but still I feel like it should have lasted longer, as my last computer (a sony) lasted 7 years.
The T23 is an older business class IBM notebook that has been discontinued and replaced by the T30.  There are still a few T23s left in the retail channel but they won't be around much longer.  The bottom line question: is the T23 worth your money?Well if you just looked at the features, performance and price, it would be easy to see that this notebook is overpriced.  You can get a much faster notebook for this price or less.  For most people this is not the right notebook.  However it has some features that will appeal to someone looking for a light business class notebook.For starters it is fairly light (ignore the Amazon weight, this machine weighs in around 5lbs) and the PIII-M CPU uses a lot less power than P4s and Athlons.  You can also expect better than average battery life out of this notebook (3.5+ hours on one battery).  The build quality and reliability of this model is higher than most notebooks in this price range.So if you are a business user looking for a high quality notebook to run office type applications and you are on a budget, this is probably a good choice.  For anyone else the price - performance ratio of this model makes it a poor choice.
Our HP Pavilion kept freezing up.  So did all the ones on the shelf at Best Buy.  The technicians there were great.  They found the BIOS upgrade info.  When we searched HP's site there was nothing on freeze ups.  They loaded it up, and when we get Microsoft to reregister Office we'll be hunky dorie.  Kudos to Best Buy.  Hands down to HP and Microsoft.  If your HP ZE computer can't find a file on bootup you too have this issue.
I have to admit, the main reason for buying this was, 1. the reviews, 2. the price.  This is a very cheap set for a wireless mouse and keyboard.  And althought the mouse is NOT optical, they both work very well seperately.  This is a perfect set if you DO NOT play modern PC/online games.  However, the systems cannot handle simultaneous mouse and keyboard actions.  Holding a key down and moving the mouse will not work.  All in all, it's a good set for the standard user who wants the freedom of wireless.
I bought this wireless keyboard and mouse in 2002.The keyboard doesn't have any problems yet, but the mouse is sucking up the oil in the batteries and I always have to replace them between 2-4 weeks and sometimes the batteries in the mouse leaks. I wanted use standby and use the power savings in my computer without shutting down, but every time I use standby, the mouse locks up and the computer uses the annoying password my dad has makes things worse so now I have do keep nagging my dad to get rid of the password or keep on typing it, especilly after I install something.
The product is of high quality, but the keys are dumb. I have a hard time reading the keys. The white keys need to be brighter, and the red keys are hard to read. Should have used white for layout!C-
I'm sick and tired of spending over $32,000 (before shipping) for a piece of equipment for my laptop, only to find that immediately after UPS rolls the crates up to my front door, I have to jump in the car to go to the computer parts store and buy a $3.95 cable!Other than that bit of frustration, this thing is ideal for me and my wife to scan recipes into for future use while cooking! I also like the array of blinking lights. They are cool. I kind of feel like I'm Spock at the console of the Starship Enterprise. I highly recommend it .. just make sure that you buy the cable before it arrives. Live long, and prosper.
My advice : Listen to a G4 first when you consider buying one; as it seems, not all of them are equally noisy.Other than that, the new G4 series is great; real workhorses and OS X also is fantastic.
pc is really great if you are looking for a fast processor that can handle dvds, cdrws and desktop imaging. but i made the mistake of buying this and expecting to play games like hitman 2, madden 2003 and grand theft auto 2. hitman is decent, madden is ok, gta is horrible. the intel chip is sub par compared to any graphics board out there, and the sad thing is that this 6350us does not have an onboard AGP slot. very tough indeed. i will have settle for a low end geforce4. :(
This my 3nd PC, and it's the best one yet. I went to store after store until I got to Circuit City and I saw it on the display for 849.99. Compaq Presario 6000(6350us), Intel Pentium 4 2.4GHz processor, 512MB DDR-SDRAM, CD-RW Drive 40x40x10, DVD-ROM Drive 16x, Floppy Drive, 80GB Hard Drive, Windows XP Home Edition and 6 USB2 ports, System Bus Speed 400MHz I just had to get it now! It came with booket, manual, diagram, compaq keyboard & mouse, Norton Antivirus 2002, Intuit Quicken 2002 New User Edition with financial center, 5 restore discs, Microsoft Works 6 and Money 2002, But then I found out that this PC doesn't have a video card, just integrated Intel Extreme Graphics with 64mb of RAM, limited PCI Slots space (only 3 with 2 open), no AGP Slot, no DVD-RW Drive, no Microsoft Office software, not a lot of software, but it does the job ok. I did some upgrading by buying a TV Tuner card, a sound card, a DVD-RW Drive, and a PCI firewire Card. I think I will do some more research now, and buy another kind of PC next time. One that cost a little more with all the things I want on it.. Compaq no longer make this model.Pros:mid-size hard drive (80GB), DVD-ROM drive (16x), CD-RW drive (40x40x10), lots of USB ports (6).Cons:No firewire ports, no TV Tuner card, no video card, integrated graphics, no AGP Slot, limited PCI slot space, no Microsoft office, no DVD-RW drive, no Monitor, MicroATX Mini Tower.
Okay so, I'm a Mac guy...with GOOD reason.  I found this to be a stable machine, elegant design, good solid keyboard.  Although, no computer is better than it's OS, mine being XP home edition.  I personally prefer Windows 2000 pro, (if you held a gun to my head and made me choose a microsoft platform) only because I route AppleTalk over it....XP?  No such option.  I still have a great LaserWriter Pro that has a lot of life left in it...too bad.But this review is about the laptop, NOT the OS it runs.  So I found this machine to be a solid value, although one HUGE item is missing:  FIREWIRE (or, for you peecee folks) 1394.It is for that reason that I only gave it 3 out of 5 stars....they kept the ps2 slots but omitted the firewire port.With manufacturers falling over themselves to adopt the faster, more stable "firewire" connectivity, I found this to be an omission of ignorance on HP's part.
I purchased this laptop several years ago, and for the most part have been pleased. I have had one recurring problem, relating to the battery & power supply.After about 6 months, I started having power problems. The battery was no longer charging. It was not a problem with the battery, but rather the power cord. I had several cords fail over the next year and a half. Eventually the interior piece the cord plugs into snapped off of the computer and I had to have it soddered back in. The fix lasted about a year, and again this month I am having power problems.The design of the cord and where it connects to the computer do not seem to be ideal for people who constantly move the laptop around. If one were to leave it plugged in on a desk most of the time, this might not be an issue.Repairs haven't been very costly, but it is a nuisance.
For sure, there is no questioning the fact that "HP Pavilion ze4145" is a good laptop PC; but I must add that at any price higher than the stated Amazon.com rebate price, it does not worth a second look. Yes, it came with an Athlon XP 1800, a 512MB DDR RAM, and a 40GB Hard Disk, but that is nothing extraordinary. Moreso, as we brace for 2003, both the 512MB DDR RAM and 40GB Hard Disk have become mainstream components for laptops. Some even parade 60GB Hard Disks!In fact, anyone who is in touch with the component-versus-price fluctuations in the computer industry will not be impressed by this HP Notebook. Do not forget that its 'almighty' Athlon XP 1800 has a raw speed of 1.53GHz, which is nothing outstanding. And, before you scream that it is faster than a comparable Pentium 4; note that Pentium 4 CPUs come with built-in extended-instruction-sets, which enable them to run optimized software twice as fast as comparable Athlon CPUs would.In conclusion, I would say that despite the fact that I regard this "HP Pavilion ze4145" as a good all-round PC, I still maintain that it is not by any means a top-gun: both in price and in build.
I got this computer for christmas. i am in high school, and we are required to have them for school. the computer is good in that it is nice looking, a good size (i hate those thin computers) it has a built in dvd/cd-rw, and a 40GB hard drive. i do however have a few complaints. first of all, no built in wireless, only two of the shortcut buttons at the top work. and the mute button on the side of the computer doesnt work at all. the sound is so-so. not great, but ive heard worse. when wearing headphones there is this annoying high pitched buzzing sound that gets louder when you move the mouse. thats about it. over all, its in the middle.
Display is better then my dell laptop. Resolution up to 1400x1050, my new dell can't go that high. display look sharper. Harddrive slow, put a samsung 80GB 7200rpm drive in run faster can now run video editing tool on this laptop wish it came with dvd burner. can't say how drive work change it to a TOSHIBA DVD-R/RW SD-6112 drive work very good, no overheating or shutting off when rendering videos, can't say the same for my dell which is newer. everything else runs good.ConsHave problem with the ATI MOBILITY M6 video card HP doesn,t have a driver for this model labtop on there site so computer use to shutdown when playing game or running video editing software even going on the internet.Since I am a computer tech I was looking for the corrected driver for this lapptop found it, but I warn you down use the driver that you get from 3rd party or what the people say on the sites they work but not correctly. will slow down the system and there will be a delay in the video, driver on other site are only design to run with the video cards chipset not with the laptop that why they can only be installed manually. the place you get the corrected driver is from (WWW.HP.COM) THEN PUT IN INSTEAD OF ZE5185 PUT IN XE4500 THEN DOWNLOAD ATI MOBILITY M6 DRIVER FOR WIN XP XE4500 HAVE THE AMOST THE SAME CHIPSET AS THE ZE5185, ZE5170. DRIVER WILL INSTALLED EASY WITHOUT HAVE TO GO TO CONTROL PANEL. YOUR LAPTOP WILL RUN VERY GOOD NO MORE VIDEO DELAYS OR SHUTDOWN. as for the rating gave it a 3 only because hp support is terrable they can't give you help on this problem they make it seem like the problem isn't known, and tell you all kind of other thing. and they didn't even give you the right disks they are for another model. Now that I have the right driver the laptop run great.
No question, this baby's a real looker, but:1.  For some reason my HDD keeps needing to be defragmented, about once every 10 days.  It's only 4500 RPM instead of 5400 RPM, which slows things down considerably despite the 2.0 GHz processor and 512MB of DDR.2.  Could've used: a floppy drive to transfer data to older PCs that don't have USB, CD-ROM (burning individual docs to a CD just to transfer them is a pain anyway), or Ethernet connections.  So simple, so cheap, why not...?3.  A parallel port for hooking up to older printers that don't have USB plugs.4.  Some way of locking the power-off, because mine keeps turning on during transit!5.  The touchpad is an annoyingly useless POS; having a dual stick-pointer like the Dell would be much better.6.  Remember that this laptop is more of a DESKTOP REPLACEMENT, not a true portable notebook!  I mean, it's huge (most laptop cases are too small for it) and fairly heavy ... and really not designed to be lugged around.That said, I don't entirely regret buying it.  It's relatively fast for a laptop, does have very good multimedia, and a beautiful screen.  ...
This is my right labtop that I've been searching for. But compared with Sony's VAIO, a compatible series to Toshiba, its  LCD is a perfect flaw in a perfect pearl. It has relatively high resolution upto 1400 by 1050 (Toshiba says 1600 by 1200 in their online homepage but I did not suceed in getting that resolution) but also high reflection and poor view angles, giving totally different from desktop LCD or VAIO LCD. If you looking for labtops with good display, this is not the one.One more: service by phone call really [is bad]! You should be lucky if you have problems that need a phone call.
I purchased this Toshiba 3months ago and really loved it...then a month ago the dvd-r drive went bad...it was replaced and I became happy again...but that was shorted lived because yesterday(1/30/03) the wireless connection stop working and was told by Toshiba that the wireless card has to be replaced (free of charge of course). This makes me wonder whats next. I really like this machine and maybe I just got stuck with a lemon. I hope this is the end of the repairs. I would really advise everyone that they take out an extended warrenty (as I did) expecially if this is a sign of things to come.
I had 1600 allowance for a new laptop so I got the 1905-S303. Powerfull processor, lots of memory, nice screen.... a good value overall. However it has some major drawbacks: Very heavy and bulky. Would not fit in my old case. No PS2 support, you  have to buy a USB mouse and keyboard. No support for a port replicator or docking station. I think I should have got the HP ze5185.
This computer is cheap and powerful.  You can't have both without a catch, and the catch is:This is really a desktop CPU.  Intel tried to discourage Toshiba from doing this, but Toshiba did it any way.What's inside?  How about a desktop P4 built on their 130nm process and based on the "Northwood" core.  This core is smaller and cooler than the original P4 (based on the "Willamette" core) but it runs at a higher voltage than a true P4M (M for Mobile of course) which means it runs hotter.  To deal with this heat Toshiba has a fan, which drains power from the battery, so you need to plug it in more.  Because the Northwood core has pretty advanced thermal controls built in, your CPU won't run as hot as older Intel or current AMD CPUs, but it will get a little warm.  And unlike another CPU on the market the internal sub-circuitry on the chip will shut off just about everything not being used, which saves a surprising amount of power.Through market studies, Toshiba discovered that many people do this anyway.  And since a desktop CPU cost *less* than a mobile CPU they could under cut the competition by using their engineering muscle to develop a cooling system that could handle a desktop CPU in a notebook.Because the CPU is hotter, Toshiba uses slower, cooler SDRAM instead of faster, hotter DDRAM.  This isn't a big deal for most notebook users but if you are a power users who wants to actually do some CAD on your laptop, you need to look at faster systems.The graphics sub-system is adequate for most games, but you won't want to try playing the latest 3D games on it.It doesn't have USB 2.0, but USB 2.0 PC Cards are pretty cheap these days and easy to install.I think the build quality is decent, but I *always* suggest going into a couple of stores and trying the different brands out first.  There are little things that will sell one over another.I personally prefer the HP Pavilion xt125 Notebook over this computer.  I cost about the same, uses a (slightly) slower, cooler, mobile Celeron (P4 variant) CPU, but faster DDRAM.  All in all the performance is about the same with more battery life.  It also has a better graphics sub-system that can handle a fair bit of 3D gaming and a CDRW drive.  I think the build quality on the HP is better too.
I have nothing against Toshiba, although they've certainly laid a few eggs in the laptop market (the last one being a line [5005-S507] that featured a desktop CPU [PIII] that ran way too hot for the confined space of a laptop and resulted in numerous maddening shutdowns). Anyway, this one features a reasonably capable 1.5 GHz Celeron chip as its PCU. These chips are a kind of "Intel-Lite" with rather limited graphics rendering capabilities. Speaking of graphics, the video card matches the Celeron's limited abilities, offering only 16 megs of video RAM. While this machine does play DVDs (and this is a nice feature of laptops, one that can make long trips quite tolerable), it does so with disappointing aplomb (though given its chip & video card setup, this is what one would expect). Also irksome, it has no USB 2.0 ports (though it does have 3 USB 1.0 ports) or Firewire ports; these are becoming a necessity for many new high-speed peripherals. My last issue with this computer is its weight: at 7 pounds, it's quite an armful if you're carrying it too far. You might expect that kind of weight in a more capable, desktop replacement machine, but not in this road-only unit. Finally, I would mention that the company handled the fiasco with the above-mentioned overheating laptops rather poorly: fixes under warranty were available, but no blame was admitted and of course once the warranties are up, those machines will likely become paperweights. However, Toshiba did discontinue the line, but little good that will do for those who bought the bad apples in the first place. Anyway, I think the bottom line here is that there are better deals on better machines to be had, and perhaps from better companies to boot.
This is notebook model from Toshiba for first time laptop buyers looking a value priced notebook. Read ahead to decide whether you want this or not.Let me give 12 reasons to buy it,1. You want a laptop.2. You don't have much money to spend.3. You don't care about its 45 mins battery life.4. You don't want or don't care for top performance.5. You have never heard of USB 2.0 or Firewire or Bluetooth.6. You don't care for the noise or heat it will generate.7. You don't care about system instability and overheating problems it may have.8. You don't care for graphics performance or play any PC games.9. You don't want to burn a CD for mp3 or data backup's.10. You don't care about its 7 pound weight or big size or medium sized 14" display.11. You don't care about irritating and noisy Hard Disk and CPU fans.12. You are a student and will install Linux on it anyways !Let me give you 12 reasons NOT to buy it,1. Uses a desktop Celeron processor (costs much lower than a mobile version), not Mobile Celeron/Pentium/Athlon. This means laptop gets very hot, fans noisy & uses too much power/battery.2. No new interfaces like USB 2.0, Firewire, Bluetooth or wireless access. (Doesn't have older serial port, PS2 ports either). And you have only one PCMCIA slot to expand later on for any of those interfaces.3. It bigger and bulkier than previous models. Desktop CPU means more space for cooling it down etc.4. Uses a slower memory speed DDR RAM PC1600, good luck finding a PC1600 SoDimm module when upgrading !5. The keyboard isn't same a desktop, some keys are placed at different positions, some missing. But this might a case with most laptops though.6. The video card is way too under-powered. You can forget about playing any games made in last 2-3 yrs. DVD's play fine though.7. Because desktop Celeron runs so hot.8. The hard disk a only 20GB.9. Toshiba doesn't even include a OEM Windows XP CD. All it has is are recovery CDs to reformat the whole disk and re-install OS/everything all over again & deleting all your data. Norton AV is only trial version.10. Toshiba doesn't make or design this laptop. Its designed/made by a [inexpensive] contractor in Taiwan and then sold as Toshiba brand.11. The battery life is low.12. Too much noise from fans etc. Wish it was quieter.Toshiba is good at giving rebate money back so you can count on its low price and this laptop will work great for most simple applications. But don't let the Intel 1.5Ghz label fool you, its missing too many things & will feel obsolete pretty soon. Spending some more money to get a model with mobile Athlon/Pentium processor, maybe 15" LCD, in-built CD-RW & USB 2.0 is well worth it. (Very soon USB 2.0 would be there in all laptops, its already there in most desktops.) There are reasons why Toshiba's selling it for so inexpensively and hopefully you understand enough not to regret later on.Update: A ignorant reviewer claims this has mobile CPU. Let me clarify again it has a desktop CPU, NOT mobile. Check detailed specs on Toshiba's website if there's still any doubt left. One local store has this for around 500 after rebates. If you find any such bargain price go for it, otherwise there are better models out there.
I'm considering Smart Displays for a business application.I don't know why the marketing (that I've seen) for this product is just the home market. Yes, I realize it works with Windows XP Pro which can be connected to using remote desktop connection, and there's a free upgrade CD for XP Home users.It seems I could use it in a business environment, such as a warehouse, and connect to a Windows 2003 Server running terminal services, and attach a (USB) barcode reader--preferably the wand/pen type, or an RFID reader, to it to do physical inventory tracking?Ok, I realize 2003 Server is not quite out yet (I have RC2). But wouldn't that be a good application for it? The inventory data displayed is always up-to-date, and there's no need to sync up to upload or download data. I think it would be a "killer" application for smart displays.My main reason for writing this comment is to ask that question, but I do have a comment. I've looked at the V110 and V150 displays at CompUSA. They're not hooked up to any Windows XP Pro computer. So the ViewSonic demo kind of falls short if you're trying to figure out how they work or how well they work. I took my laptop which has 2003 Server on it to CompUSA, but those displays are not actually Smart Displays. They're fake displays running a little floor show.Bob.
I was excited to receive my new PQI 6-in-1 reader in the mail.  It promised to provide access to all my flash media from any computer without special drivers.  The device is about the size of a cassette tape and reads Smart Media, Compact Flash, MultiMedia and SD cards, Memory Stick, as well as MicroDrives.  It has a short, integrated USB cable (about 3 inches) that tucks neatly inside when not in use.  It comes with an extention USB cable for systems that do not provide a USB port in the front, and a nice little protective pouch.I was disappointed when I found out that the reader would not read Memory Sticks which were formatted via my Sony DSC-P50 camera on my system running Windows XP Home Edition with SP-1.  Contacting support was useless.  I was simply provided instructions on how to connect and use the device (in very broken English).  When I persisted, the technician indicated that he also had a Sony camera and did not have trouble using the device.  After extensive investigation (and trial and error) I found a workaround to my problem.  I was only able to get the reader to work (for the memory stick) after first formatting the medium in the camera with the built-in hardware format option and then reformatting the stick under Windows XP with the camera attached as an external drive via the USB cable.  Once this was done I was able to use the stick interchangably (until it was reformatted in any other device or in the camera without subsequently reformatting it in the camera under XP).  If you'd like a complete explaination of how I arrived at this solution.The device is fast (for a USB 1.1 device).  It seems to work flawlessly for all other media formats (didn't test Microdrive or SM).  It also worked fine under Win2K for memory sticks.Overall, the concept is great and it's nice compact little package.  The price is right.  I believe the product is functionally fine, but may have compatibility problems with some devices.  My problem may have been the fault of the generic USB card reader drivers supplied with Windows XP, or perhaps a hardware compatibility issue with my system.  During my testing though I stripped all but the most essential hardware from my system and reinstalled a fresh copy of XP on a newly formatted partition, and still had problems.Give it a try.  If it works for you it's handy.  If it doesn't, you're not out much.
This Satellite 2435-S255 is my third Toshiba Satellite laptop and my second one from them with overheat problems caused by their using a desktop CPU chip in a laptop computer. While the desktop chip seems like a good idea on paper it has been a consistantly bad one for Toshiba laptops.I have used this computer for two and a half years now and have been very pleased with it when it was working. However - because of the hot running chip (designed for a desktop) and the easily overheated fan I am forced to take this computer into my local Toshiba repair center about twice a year and get them to take it apart and clean the fans and CPU chip as well as everythng else inside. How do I know I need to do this? By the rate at which my computer begins to shut down unexpectedly. Once it starts to do that I know it's time to drive 30 miles and spend $50 or so on what my husband calls cleaning and pressing.I have otherwise found this computer (and my previous Toshiba Satellites) to be well equipted, well constructed, dependable computers.Will I buy another Toshiba Satellite in the future? Only if I can get it without a desktop chip in a laptop computer. Otherwise it isn't worth the trouble to have to go through all the travel, money, and time without my laptop while it is being repaired when I can get a laptop from another manufacturer that doesn't have this problem!!!
I've owned the ze4230 for about a month and I have been very pleased with it's features and performance, but it arrived with a non functioning CD/RW CDROM drive.  The Roxio Easy CD Creator disk sent with the machine is defective and I have been unable to enable the RW features of the CDROM drive.  I reported the problem to HP technical support and was promised a new CD by mail within a week.  After waiting about 2 weeks without receiving a new CD I called technical support again and was told that the CDs are on back order and they have no idea when they will arrive, but when they do one will be sent me.  So, for now I am less than pleased with my computer and HPs ability to fix it.
The Toshiba Satellite 2455-S305, made in the Phillipines, is a solid choice as an affordable desktop replacement.  However, after weeks of research I purchased a Fujitsu Lifebook C2210; and after weeks of using it, I strongly recommend that you take a look at Fujitsu's beautiful laptop with solid performance, supported by Japanese-made quality and reliability.  Here's the review I wrote for a C2210 on Amazon.  Thanks.[I'm not affiliated with Fujitsu in anyway.  I'm an ordinary New Yorker making a living in finance.]Fujitsu Lifebook C2210 (configured with DVD burner)After weeks of research, both online and in retail stores, I finally found a computer almost perfect for my needs and at a great price.  The computer, a well-equipped Fujitsu Lifebook C2210.I started out wanting a lightweight computer that won't break my back when I travel.  But I also wanted a built-in DVD burner as well as built-in USB 2.0 and IEEE 1394 ("Firewire", "iLink") ports.  Wi-fi would have been nice, too.  In the end, I decided what I really needed was a desktop replacement -- which, incidentally, would indeed replace my aging Pentium III desktop.You can customize the configuration of all the Lifebooks, or buy pre-configured systems from Amazon or J&R; or Outpost.com, etc.  I purchased a preconfigured system, the "AKW" configuration.  Here are my specs:- Pentium 4 2.0 Ghz Mobile (power saving version of P4)- 512 MB of RAM (32MB used by video)- 60GB hard drive (actually 55GB as reported by Windows)- Gorgeous 15-inch XGA TFT display (no bad pixels)- Built-in floppy drive (yes!)- Built-in DVD-R/RW and CD-R/RW combo drive- Built-in Ethernet- Built-in 56k modem- Built-in 802.11b wi-fi- Four (that's 4) USB 2.0 ports- One IEEE 1394 (4-pin type) port- Infrared port- Microphone jack- Headphone/optical digital out jack- S-video out jack- Two (that's 2) PC Card slots (or used as one Type III slot)- Built-in Secure Digital/MemoryStick slot- Serial, parallel, external monitor portsAs you can see, this is pretty much the most complete configuration list you can imagine, and it beats most expensive desktops.  Fujitsu has packed a lot of power, performance and features in a well-designed package -- the casing is a cool silver, unlike most notebooks which are an ugly black.  There is also a small LCD "application panel" that has a very cool blue backlight.  It's one beautiful machine, indeed.The unit weighs 8.3 pounds with battery and DVD burner.  The brick-style AC adapter adds another 1.1 pounds to the travel weight.  Luckily the AC adapter is auto-sensing voltage switching, so when you travel abroad, all you need to bring is a set of electric outlet plug adapters.A few minor gripes: so-so video (ATI Mobility Radeon with shared memory); no built-in microphone; and can't use a 2nd battery simultaneously.  But these are just minor gripes, and I really didn't expect to have them given the great price on this machine.According to CNet, the Fujitsu puts in some solid performance numbers (except in the display arena, where it gives mediocre, not great, benchmark results).  The display as I mentioned is gorgeous.  I would have slightly preferred a 1200x800 resolution, but on the other hand, the standard XGA's 1024x768 display is easier on the eyes, esp. since Windows XP is loaded with eye candies.  I have played Half-Life, Max Payne and Grand Theft Auto 3 and found the framerate excellent.  So if you are a hardcore gamer or 3D artist, this is not your choice.  But for most people, C2210's video prowess should be sufficient.The number of ports is really, really impressive.  Most desktop replacements these days omit the serial port as well as the IR port, but the C2210 has both.  The four USB 2.0 ports are the most I have seen in any laptop, and the IEEE 1394 port will allow me to hook it up to my Sony MiniDV camcorder directly.The keyboard is quite good, at least for people like me who never acquired a taste for the classic IBM PC keyboard anyway. :)  The trackpad feels good under the finger, and there's a scroll lever situated between the two buttons.  One good thing about the buttons placement, compared to my previous notebook, a Sony VAIO, is that you won't press them accidentally.  Screen contrast/brightness and volume controls are all done via the familiar [Fn]+function key combination.  Oh, BTW, the 87-key keyboard is full-size!So after I opened up the box and took out my new laptop, I was up on the Internet right after I turned on the machine.  Haven't tested wi-fi yet, but the well-written manual is making me itching for a try soon.Fujitsu makes its computers in Japan, which explains why it consistenly ranks high in quality and user satisfaction.  This is my first Fujitsu, and I'm already very happy with it.
I bought this laptop a couple of weeks ago and have been using it thoroughly everyday since.  This laptop has all-around good performance but is plagued with a few problems.  The laptop, more specifically the video card, has a Direct3D performance problem causing the system to lockup and reboot when playing graphics heavy games (i.e. Age of Mythology, Quake II, Empire Earth, Splinter Cell, Warcraft 3, etc).  When searching around the Internet I found that this problem was extremely common among other ze5270 laptops.  I also found out that the problem is unfixable, unfortunately.  Also, there is already one bad pixel on my display which was there when I first purchased the laptop.  The laptop has noisy cooling fans which sometimes overpower the system's sound which, by the way, isn't that loud.  Other than that the laptop runs fine.  I wasn't particularly pleased with the fact that HP doesn't include it's bundled software on a separate disc, it only exists on the computer and the system recovery discs.  I'm returning this system tomorrow to exchange it for a Toshiba Satellite 2340-S255 which has received EXCELLENT reviews.  I just can't handle the fact knowing that my laptop isn't in 100% top-notch condition.
I recently purchased this notebook and would recommend it as a good performer. The major drawback of this notebook is its noisy fan, which kills the spirit of this otherwise good notebook, getting it only 3.5 stars. The cooling mechanism is not good, which is required for a P4 2.0 processor (considering that it is not P4-m). Moreover the fan remains on all the time, which is irritating while working in a library or a quite office. In terms of CPU performance the notebook performs very good when operating on AC power. It is good for watching movies, writing and debugging extensive code using heavy weight IDEs such as Visual Studio. It is also good for gaming. However, when running in the quite mode or on battery, the CPU speed drops down to as low as 735 MHz (As shown in the system sub panel of the control panel). The display while good needs to be addressed - The TFT screen of my seven day old notebook has developed black areas near the lower corners. The CDRW/DVD drive is very good and extermely fast in burning CDs. The battery generally operates for 1.5 hrs before draining completely. The note book however is certainly better than a Toshiba 2415 and Compaq 2500, which has an even noisier fan. Overall I would rate it as a good notebook but sony needs to work hard in improving their cooling mechanism and fan noise.
Loved this little mobile computer a LOT until the hard drive died after only 3 months. Not sure what happened, but Sony Customer Service rated 5 stars for their quick and easy replacement of the drive. Still, I lost a lot of information and work, so I am disappointed and would think twice about buying another.
The laptop over-heated, and as a result, its motherboard died while the unit was on after 3 months of light usage. The warranty also doesn't cover if you don't have the original receipt according to the rep I spoke with. (while Toshiba doesn't require you to have the original receipt for the warranty.) It was a nice laptop, but I'm very unsatisfied about this very incident. And their phone tech support is not too good. They've hired bunch of reps that don't have clue what they're doing. They just read what it says on the screen. Also I had time understanding their English.Edit: I just received the laptop back from Sony, and many other problems started happening.  My Fn fuction keys are not working anymore, which means I cannot change the brightness and contrast of my LCD, volume, and video out.  Plus, my fan rattles excessively. I was on the phone with rep for 3 hours and no help. I explained the problem and what might have caused this to the rep, but he just ignored me and kept reading what was on his screen. I am looking forward to sending this laptop in for another repair!!
Everything electronic in my life is Sony, so why not my laptop too.  I could use the built-in memory stick port and the interconnectivity to the of my Sony world.  I want to like this notebook, but it is tough.Is it loud - yes!  But no louder that the desktop it seeks to replace.  The worse part is it is loud and will still overheat.  This is not an Pent-M and will get exceptionally hot.  So hot in my case that it just shuts off.  This only happens in gaming (like Quake3) - I've never had a problem with Photoshop or Premier or an other application shutting the machine down.Apparently, you have a choice on cooling - performance or quiet.  Quiet is really a poor word choice.  Performance means your machine will [turn]up the fan to 100% and continue to put full power to the CPU - even to the point of system collapse.  Quiet will also crack the fan, but will also throttle down the CPU to keep the machine from crashing.  That's a horrible choice to make.  If you bought a 2.4Ghz you want to be able to use 2.4Ghz....They are DVD sellers, not computer experts.  You're getting DVD player level of support with any Sony product.  If you are not extremely enamored with Sony (like me), lack the technical know-how to solve most problems yourself, or are relying totally on Sony to save the day then you're asking for trouble.  My suggestion - buy the 2 or 3 year service contract that the store sells ....My biggest regret of buying this machine is the battery life.  I am lucky to get an hour out of thing - especially if I am watching a DVD.  At [a price] for a second battery it is tough to justify buying another.
I got mine in August of 2003. Two months after the purchase, the first things to go were the speakers. About 9 months after that, the computer suddenly went dead on me in the middle of a critical event, and would not power up unless I pressed the reset button. Turns out that one of my RAM slots was no good and that resulted in having to remove one of the RAM cards so now it runs with 256 MB. That was until yesterday when it suddenly went dead for no reason again. Apparently it's the same problem with the other slot. This happened once again, at a critical time (is there a pattern here?).Besides those problems that I have mentioned, I have enjoyed the use of this computer to the fullest. I'm a programmer by profession and some of the software that I run on my computer eat lot's of resources, but that does not even phase this computer the majority of the time. I can say that I have pushed this machine to it's limits.I'll tell you all this much, I'm in the process of looking for a new laptop wether or not I manage to get this one fixed.By the way, 2 of my friends got the same model (PCG-GRZ630)within a month of me getting mine, and one of them ended up having to keep it plugged in (what's the point of a laptop if you always need to have a plug around), and the other guy's screen went beserk.Considering the time period over which I have had it, and what I've been able to do over that time period I give it three stars.Hope this helps...
The GRZ630 is my very first laptop I own.  Won't be my last.  I'm an aspiring animator so I pretty much pushed this machine to it's fullest potential.  I've used Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier, and AfterEffects on this tough cookie.  I've also pushed 3D Studio Max on this as well.  To my surprise, it runs each program quite well.  Not the best, but manageable.  My last major projects I've worked on was doing a stop motion animated piece.  Using Adobe Premier to capture and render out the movie files was &quot;fine&quot;.  Transferring and compiling the movie files into Adobe AfterEffects was &quot;ok&quot;.  I also imported music and sound fx into the movie also.  All trucked along without crashing.  Now for the true test; playing the final renders while having Adobe AfterEffects open, crashed my CPU.  But I blame it on the mesely 512 RAM they give you.  I made some 3D renders on 3D Studio Max and it ran &quot;fine&quot;.  My suggestion, just install more RAM into this babie, and she'll take good care of you to the end.  At least 1 Gig of RAM if you can.  More than 768 if possible.  Basically this machine has limits and know them.  So don't have more than 2 different &quot;hefty&quot; applications open at once while trying to play movies.  It will crash.  Not a super-computer!  Just buy more RAM for it and you'll be ok.  It hasn't power outage on me yet, except for the short life battery dying on me.  One last note: running the machine on battery life slows down the processor slightly.  So use the AC Adaptor when possible for maximum performance.  Why the 3/5 stars, cuz the lack of RAM.  More RAM people!
I purchased this laptop in the summer of 2003 and was thrilled to know it was a SONY. I was not very knowledgeable about laptops, in fact I didn't know much about them to the point that I thought an Apple computer was exactly the same as a Sony Vaio. If I had don't a better research I would have purchased a product that better met my needs, Windows Home Edition is very limited.The computer worked very well at first as it turned on and everything on screen looked attractive. I was exited by all of the applications that it had and all of these free internet trails that it came with. Now I can see that I had a computer infested with junk that I didn't need.I began to play with my computer and enjoyed various programs such as Movie Shaker and Screenblast Sound forge, but the RAM was way too low.I was worried about my laptop because it was overheating way too much. I could not keep it on my lap at all, it would start burning me after 5 minutes! I also notice that the battery life began to get weaker after every use. At first it lasted a good nearly 1  but after that that computer was draining the battery fast and fast. Initially I wanted a laptop that would last a whole DVD movie while traveling, but it didn't. now it's to the point where it needs to be plugged in all the time because the battery life lasts a good 10 minutes, I'm not even exaggerating!I was very frustrated once it began to shut down because of it's overheating problems. While I would be writing school essays and researching essays on the internet, my computer would turn off without warning! I was getting very frustrated with the situation as I was not able to work on any essay with confidence. After calling customer support I would waste valuable time out of my life been placed on hold. I was told to take it the nearest Sears workshop so that it could be fixed, but they never fixed anything. My computer's problems continued after a day of use and I was ready to throw this piece of junk away.After years of having it I've learned to cope with a few of these issues. I had a fan next to my computer to keep it cooled. I also had an ice box under my laptop, and after a while it got completely impressing as my friends would come and notice that I had all of these things to keep my computer from overheating.After weeks of speaking with customer service reps about this issue, over the phone, one of them told me to back up all of my data and use the System Recovery Disk that it comes with. Needless to say that's actually a really good way to fix most of the issues that this computer has. I used my System Recovery Disk on my computer and after over 1 hour of the disks erasing everything and refreshing the computer, my computer has worked fine.That's not the end of the story, after a few months the need for the System Recovery Disk is a must. The computer seems to need to be cleaned and put back to it's initial phase with these disks at least once a year. It's a hazzel because now in 2008, you pretty much have to spend at least 2 days on updating the computer to the current updates in order to be able to use it well on the internet.Overall, I'm looking for a new computer I'm doing a lot of research on different brands and really doing my homework before I purchase another laptop. Overall, this laptop has giving me a lot of issues but it has also lasted me all of these years and I've been able to use it for nearly all of my computer needs. It is VERY slow with videos and music and not a good choice if you want to upload home movies! I do need an update on my computer, though.
I own this unit for 2 months. I also have the problem with mouse pad and keyboard. It usually start clicking itself. I have to use the external mouse instead. The cursor jumps during I am typing sometimes.  Otherwise, this is a good laptop to work with according to the acceptable quality of monitor, performance, light weight, and speed.
It was okay, but did not have the original software or the video card, it has served the purpose it was purchased for.
I bought a Dual 1.25GHz upgrading from a Dual 500 G4. I really love Macintosh computers and the Dual 1.25GHz runs about 250% faster than my Dual 500MHz. Using Retrospect I was able to get backup transfer rates between the 80GB and a 120GB I installed in the ATA66 cage of 1000 bytes a second. I only get 500 on my G4 500. Everything is faster. That is the good side. On the negative side the first 1.25GHz I recieved would not power up. The 2nd unit had a dieseling fan noise and a bad video card. The video would work but when using Apples DVD player it would crash the Mac as the DVD player looks for hardware in the ATI 9000 that was not working in my card. The other problem is heat. I measured a continual 110-112 in the DVD bay and found when you add a SuperDrive Apples metal DVD bay cover blocks the fan on the SuperDrive. Not using the cover subjects your cables to possible slicing from the sharp processor fins. With heat this high I would expect higher failure rates in the SuperDrive. I also measured 103 to 116 degrees in the rear hard drive bay without a 2nd drive installed in that cage. Installing a 2nd drive would increase heat even more. If I had it to do over I would skip the Dual 1.25GHz FW800 PowerMac as a result of these design problems. I would rather have a quite and well cooled G4 500 Dual than components in a box that seems very warm to me. I hope the next model PowerMac has a cooler designed case so I can once again recommend it.
I bought my first HP Pavilion in 1995 had really no problems except operator error, it lasted about 3 yrs before opsolete.  I did ok with it, so bought another in 1998 again no problems lasted about 31/2 yrs, so ok new computer every 3 yrs or so, not bad.  Was pretty happy with HP, so did it again in 2002, got a 752n brought it home didn't work, so I returned it (maybe dropped or something) got another lasted about 2 months, returned to HP, got another, 2 months later returned again, got another this one lasted 3 weeks.  Finally HP upgraded me(in their words)to a 754n bigger hard drive, dvd writer, more ram, sounded good right?  Well the computer is pretty good, haven't had any problems so far, but did upgrade to agp graphics card.  Only thing I really don't like is the software that came with it, I went from the MS Word package(on the 752n)to the Corel Wordperfect package(on the 754n)all banking on Money, new software was Quicken which really made me mad, as you can go from quicken to money, but not money to quicken, I had to enter everything manually, luckly only 3 months worth.  Today(5 months later)still don't like the software, so in process of getting MS Works suite 2003.  After all the problems with the HP 752n, I really don't think I'll be getting another, I lost too much when the 752N crashed(Pictures, banking, letters, etc.), but so far the 754N has been working pretty good(knock on wood)we'll see if it goes over 3 yrs, then I might change my mind? of coarse that would also depend on, if HP ever gets good tech support, HP is really lacking in that department.
I had to send it back because the recovery process (on 2 CD's) did not work. The unit was unable to boot from the &quot;free&quot; CD/RW-DVD unit that comes with the laptop. Tech support was unable to get it to work either. Even though the &quot;free&quot; CD/RW-DVD seemed to work OK within Windows, when I first installed the unit through the USB port, I received a message that I was installing a high-speed device into a low speed port. The laptop is supposed to come with USB 2.0 ports, not 1.1.I am waiting to receive another complete unit. Hopefully the problem was with the &quot;free&quot; CD/RW-DVD and not with the laptop itself. Also, mine had at least one bad pixel. We will see how the other one works. Stay tuned for any updates!
I have had one of these for years. To be brief:It works fine except the printer port is useless and it only supports 802.11b with WEP.At this point this is an obsolete unit and I am not sure if it would be worth buying today.If you just need a firewall and don't care about the wifi and get one cheap, they would be good for that.
This Belkin wireless router is supposedly an excellent product. I had problems connecting this router to the PC Compaq.
The Iskin does a good job of protecting your keys and keyboard from dust, spills, and debris, and it is a perfect fit for the keys. it even helps smooth out the play and feel of the keys. All of this is perfect. However, the silicon key cover does what it is intended to do-- trapping oils and dirt on the cover, which means you will have to wash the keyboard cover regularly. If you do not, all the dirt and skin oil will be transferred from the iskin to the inside lid and screen of your laptop-- a mixed result which requires a great deal of upkeep.
I (myself) have the problem after recovering its original system from either created media kit or the image (in hard drive). When I turned on the PC for the first time, the reminding message alerted me to make the recovery media kit. After doing that, three times, one DVD and one CD, and two times making recovery CDs with 8 CDs in case of writing any errors, I tried to replace the original hard disk drive with the new one because I didn't want to have any mistake with the original one. During the installation, the message appeared that it can't execute from the exteranl device H:\GIGA400313909.EXE -GUI. I re-installed again and again but the same problem still persisted. Finally, I put back its origianl hard drive then played around with Giga pocket, it functioned properly. But when I decided to make the system recovery from the internal image just following the instruction, the same problem happened the same thing. FINNALY, I DON'T HAVE GIGA POCKET ANY MORE. Plus, its optical drives seem to work very hard (kind of error - make noise - unable to duplicate my home DVD movie using veritas software except using Roxio 6). I am so disappoited to see that no system CDs come with the product and its integrated sound card.
After looking at other systems in the same category, I think I paid to much for what is otherwise a sound hardware configuration. The system could use an upgraded sound card and the speakers are a little on the cheap side as well.For those of use who HATE XP Home, the upgrade process to XP Professional is a little painful. I made the recovery media and than wiped out the system to load a clean version of XP Professional. Because of the way the recovery media is designed I could not install any of the Sony provided applications onto the newly loaded system. Sony recommended reloading the recovery media onto the system and then upgrading to XP Pro. This resulted in a very messy system full of lots of items I don't use and don't want. There is also a problem reloading Gigapocket, but if you fool with the system you can get it reloaded.If I had to do it all over again I would consider other vendors or buy a custom configured system from Sony's website. I had originally tried to build my own system on Sony Style, but they were delayed several weeks due to a lack of parts. I canceled the Sony Style order and purchased this system from another retailer.I have purchased this system and a Dell in the last three years. I was much happier with my Dell buying experience though I did not find a Dell that had the editing features that came with this system. Sony seems unfriendly to more advanced users and they spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to avoid helping you. I would love to upgrade some parts of my system (specifically the sound), but so far I have found Sony less than helpful in this regard as well.I originally purchased this system for transferring my home videos to DVD. The video quality from my analog DVD player was pretty bad, but I am not sure if this is because of Gigapocket or because of the Sharp video recorder I own. Either way, this did not workout as I had hoped.The Adobe tools for this system are not the full version though you can upgrade for several hundred dollars more. I found Adobe Premier 6 LE to be very useful once I learned how to use it. For several hundred dollars more you can get the full version, but I am not sure that most home users will find that expense worth the effort.For most people the Microsoft Works that comes with this system is inadequate. For those who have school age kids, power point and Excel are excellent additions to the system. Because this system comes with Microsoft Works you may have issues (as I did) configuring other Office Products on this system. You should make sure that Sony will support your system if you upgrade to another version of Office.Expect very little paper documentation to come with your system. The help file that Sony loads on the system and the help files from the vendor are all you have to go on. This can make learning the system a little difficult. I still don't know what the fiber optic port is for and I have no idea what the Gigapocket specifications are.The system gets high marks for performance but gets low marks for documentation and cost. I would only buy this system if it is exactly what you want. Any changes will be difficult and may result in support issues when dealing with Sony support. I believe a little searching would give you more features for less money. If I had it to do over again I would not buy this specific system put would probably still consider a custom configured Sony or maybe an HP which also has some nice multimedia systems.
I am very peased with this item, it helped me to solve a lettle probles I had. Very handy and usefull/.
I bought it to  to run internet on two seperate computers on oneline , that was described in product details. But it didnot work,I am able to run internet on only one computer at a time.
I thought this would work as network splitter. I was wrong. Only works as telephone line splitter.
Silver? Gold? Platinum? Adamantium?The design is good, with locking knob, and mark to aline the lens to lens mount. But what a ridiculous price.Many of Canon's products Im very pleased with, but other times I'm not impressed. For example, the XTi is great, but don't even get me started with their .cr2 raw picture file format, which is impossible to open unless you have certain (and usually expensive) programs.
While HP's generally work nicely as a consumer computer, you WILL have problems if you:(1) Try to add more memory and/or hard-disks -- the HP casesare crammed full and you will have fun trying to fit yournew stuff in.(2) Try to replace anything that goes out -- HP unfortunatelyis not using standard parts for things like powersupplies; so, if yours goes out, it is not an easy orinexpensive matter to replace it; it is easier andcheaper to simply DISPOSE of a non-functioning HP andget a new one.Still, if you want something that works out of the box and would rather buy something new if you need to upgrade or change, HP is a reasonable computer to get.
Pros:-  DVD Burner included-  Long Battery Life-  Big monitor screen-  Lots of expansion ports (3 USB, 2 PCMCIA, 1 Firewire)-  Wi-Fi included-  The size, the 5110p is very thin.Cons:-  The speakers are by far the worst...-  The monitor screen its very weak.  I used my 5110p for a couple months and after that a cyan line appeared accross the screen.  The problem is not that bad since the line disappears when I push the edges a little, but I'm guessing that in the near future it could get worse.-  The paint is also a problem.  My 5110p is already full of scratches.Summary:Most of the time I'm happy with my 5110p. I think that, for what I paid ($1,050) it was a good deal, but be aware of the cons I mentioned above.
Bought this notebook because of its low price, was very impressed initially with its speed, good looks and thin dimensions.But once I started working on it, the lack of a graphics card and possibly poor screen quality made for strenuous viewing. I was forced to return the machine I bought for this reason. Averatec must consider putting in a graphics card into this machine.. that will make it a good bet.
The notebook is a great combo of power and featuresBUT:1. the speakers are awful2. the keyboard is loud and cheap feeling3. My Lcd display went bad after a month of use, which makes me wonder how long this notebook will last past its warranty period.
The Compaq nc8000 comes with fair share of softwares and is quite stable. It conforms to the industry standard so it is a breeze to install OS or other softwares (I installed Win 2k, Win XP Pro, Knoppix, Slax, and they all were able to sniff out every piece of hardware this laptop has).However, the display panel started going dark on the right edge of the unit, and the fadeout is spreading. Almost 30% of the screen to the right is now dim - I am having to crank the brightness to its max value to be able to see the right portion of the screen.The volume control buttons on the body of the laptop (to the right) respond only when you are working actively. This makes them almost useless most of the time. Say your screen saver kicks in when you are listening to the music - you cannot mute or change the volume until you have logged back in!! While your laptop is starting up, you cannot control all the sounds the laptop makes (like the starting chime) using these buttons - the buttons do not function until you are logged all the way in! All my previous laptops (Toshiba and IBM) had these volume buttons that control the speaker at the hardware level, so that they are functional no matter when you use them, as long as the laptop has power.In short, I'm glad I did not pay for this unit (issued from work). I would recommend IBM ThinkPads instead - I had one from work (before it ran out of expansion capacity needed for my work, and I got the nc8000 unit) and never had any reasons to complain in the 4 years I owned it.
I have my Compaq NC8000 for about 9 months and I have to say that I was both surprised and let-down by its features. I am a University Professor, and I use my laptop to give lectures and seminars at work and at other Universities. Also, I travel to many meetings and conferences, as well as between the University and the Hospital. This notebook has handled all of this quite well.I configured the NC8000 with the following specs:Intel Pentium M Processor 755 2.0 GHz1 GHz 333 MHz DDR DIMM80 GB 7200 RPM hard drive15" UXGA screen128 MB VRAM8x DVD +/-RW driveWireless B/G Card internalPros:-Very powerful notebook. I often have the Microsoft programs (PowerPoint, Word, Excel) on at the same time, as well as SigmaPlot and Adobe Photoshop 7, yet the notebook seems unaffected. Also, I always have the Norton Suite running in the back, which is a known resource hog, and the laptop is still whizzing on.-Nice monitor with super-high resolution-Instantly recognized my Netgear Wireless-b network-Fast wireless network (Note: It connects faster and with faster transfer rate than my other HP notebook)-Nice Speakers (Harmon Kardon)-Battery life lasts me up to 6 hours, if working only with programs (Microsoft Word, Excel, etc.); battery life drops when wireless enabled (not surprising), or when using CD/DVD drive (again, not surprising)-DVD movies play without a hitch; I've also used it to play other file types (AVI and MPEG), which works great! For my last trip to Italy, I converted a dozen movies onto my hard-drive, so I used less battery power by not using the DVD ROM. (However, I still was not able to have six hours of battery life, more like four hours, which is still good)Cons:-Looks chunky/boxy. It looks more like one of the old (old, as in 4-5 years ago) notebooks like a Dell. (I wasn't expecting it to look like my old Toshiba Satellite 315 CDT.)-Monitor works optimally only when at UXGA setting; hazy and unclear when viewing at lower resolution (ex. SXGA), and refresh rate is set at 60Hz-Minor: Power light does not indicate that the cord is plugged in when the cover is closed. This was a problem of this series, and recognized by HP/Compaq tech reps. As of now, no fix is available, and no fix will be made for it.Conclusion: This is a powerful workhorse notebook that can handle almost everything that is thrown onto it. However, it is a bit big and heavy for a portable computer. Still, it is not as big and heavy as other desktop replacements. I only gave it three stars, but I am more in between three or four stars. So, I would like to have given it 3.5 stars if I could.
I have my Compaq NC8000 for about 3 months and I have to say that I was both surprised and let-down by its features.  I am a University Professor, and I use my laptop to give lectures and seminars at work and at other Universities.  Also, I travel to many meetings and conferences, as well as between the University and the Hospital.  This notebook has handled all of this quite well.I configured the NC8000 with the following specs:Intel Pentium M Processor 755 2.0 GHz1 GHz 333 MHz DDR DIMM80 GB 7200 RPM hard drive15" UXGA screen128 MB VRAM8x DVD +/-RW driveWireless B/G Card internalPros:-Very powerful notebook.  I often have the Microsoft programs (PowerPoint, Word, Excel) on at the same time, as well as SigmaPlot and Adobe Photoshop 7, yet the notebook seems unaffected.  Also, I always have the Norton Suite running in the back, which is a known resource hog, and the laptop is still whizzing on.-Nice monitor with super-high resolution-Instantly recognized my Netgear Wireless-b network-Fast wireless network (Note:  It connects faster and with faster transfer rate than my other HP notebook)-Nice Speakers (Harmon Kardon)-Battery life lasts me up to 6 hours, if working only with programs (Microsoft Word, Excel, etc.); battery life drops when wireless enabled (not surprising), or when using CD/DVD drive (again, not surprising)-DVD movies play without a hitch; I've also used it to play other file types (AVI and MPEG), which works great!  For my last trip to Italy, I converted a dozen movies onto my hard-drive, so I used less battery power by not using the DVD ROM.  (However, I still was not able to have six hours of battery life, more like four hours, which is still good)Cons:-Looks chunky/boxy.  It looks more like one of the old (old, as in 4-5 years ago) notebooks like a Dell.  (I wasn't expecting it to look like my old Toshiba Satellite 315 CDT.)-Monitor works optimally only when at UXGA setting; hazy and unclear when viewing at lower resolution (ex. SXGA), and refresh rate is set at 60Hz-Minor: Power light does not indicate that the cord is plugged in when the cover is closed.  This was a problem of this series, and recognized by HP/Compaq tech reps.  As of now, no fix is available, and no fix will be made for it.Conclusion:  This is a powerful workhorse notebook that can handle almost everything that is thrown onto it.  However, it is a bit big and heavy for a portable computer.  Still, it is not as big and heavy as other desktop replacements.  I only gave it three stars, but I am more in between three or four stars.  So, I would like to have given it 3.5 stars if I could.
It's too bad is all I can say about this product.  I loved it when it first came out. Visual indicators, surround sound, digital outputs (coax and optical), headphone/mic ports in the front, large volume knob, mute button front and center - this was the best innovation in sound for PCs since SoundBlaster.  When the software was updated, I loved it even more. Unfortunately, Philips decided to abandon it like it abandons its other products (see earlier Streamium products).  I set up a new PC, and the on-board soundcard doesn't work with Vista.  Plugged the PSC805 in, Vista found a driver, installed it - and still no sound.  There's not even an option to force digital mode in the Vista drivers - so neither analog nor digital outputs work (I tried all of them).  Yet another disappointment from Philips that just supports my current decision to avoid the brand completely when shopping for a large LCD TV now.
There is no instruction that comes with the router. The router was mailed in a big padded envelope, not a box. I used the reset button many times trying to set up the router but in vain. I then contacted the seller, who responded promptly by email and gave me the same advice of pressing the reset button. Through my own try and error, I held the reset button down for 20 seconds and finally got it to work.
This item is as great as it is advertised, but I have an older hp computer Celeron with an XP Professional the computer did not handle the large demand for the Netgear WG311T.I will be using this Netgear WG311T with other computer.Easy to install and configer.
This machine was my savior when I first got it but things quickly went down hill from there.At first this little box did a great job of converting all my video formats to my VGA screen but eventually I started having problems. I started to notice and electrical buring smell coming from my unit when i used it for a while. Nothing came of it for over 2 years but eventually one day I turned the unit on only to hear a loud popping sound. something shorted out and i could never the thing running again.This unit works, but for how long will it last?I am not sure if i did something wrong or if i had a faulty unit but it worked well before the popping incident so buy at your own risk.
This thing is well made, and is a good way to add extra hard drives to a small case. The big block on the front that holds the filter sticks out of the case(so you can remove the filter for cleaning), but is easy to unscrew. The fan is silent, and moves enough air.
First of all I just want to give kudos' to ViewSonics engineers. How they tap directly into the sun to power this baby is truly a work of genius.I was a little skeptical at first on how this thing would perform. However, when I installed and run the Seti@home program it started instantly finding alien signals, which where corrected, cleaned up and translated.I am now listening and talking to the supreme galactic defense minister about Earths surrender. Apparently this computer is not only tapping into the sun for power but also into the mysterious dark energy and tearing the universe apart. Just comes to show how bugs always show up in technology when you least expect it.
Works as advertised.  I tried it with an old Windows 2000 laptop using the supplied driver CD and a new Windows XP machine.  Both worked fine, and I was able to read a Sony Memory Stick.  I was disappointed because I expected better construction for the price, which is 2-3 times the other non-docking readers.  The reader protrudes a full 1" when fully inserted into the docking station, so don't expect a flush fit.  When inserting into the docking station, it mates to an awkward mini USB connector instead of something designed with more clearance appropriate for a docking station.  The plastic housing is functional but a little flimsy for the price.  Includes USB2 and firewire cables, but as the other viewer pointed out, the firewire cable is for external connectors and not most motherboards.
Small print made it hard to read; some things were left out,such as:said that it may harm plants and it was not good for shrimp; fresh water lobsters.  My tank is all fresh water plants and shrimp!  I spent a little more than $2+ for the product and the shipping bouced the cost to over $11.00.  I ordered it without looking at the shipping...BIG MISTAKE!  I contacted the company and ask if they could lower the shipping price and they could not.  The bottle was the size of an eye dropper medicine.  Maybe 3/4 oz..  Will not do that again.  Shipping has to be watched...you think you are getting a great deal an BAM! Shipping takes that away.
I had modded my tower and added 2 fans to the side, a 92mm and a 80mm. Installing the grill is the easiest part. I had some trouble finding a decent looking 92mm fan grill until I found this one. Once I got it I held it up to the fan and noticed a small problem. Part of my tower was visible inside the fan grill. I could have cut a larger hole to accommodate the grill but then the hole would have been larger to the fan. I used a thin piece of black plastic and cut a ring out of it. It was thick enough to cover the exposed tower but thin enough to allow good airflow. It was an unnecessary step but I did it just for aesthetic reasons.The grill is made of a thin but durable metal. It doesn't have a screen or any kind of filter to keep out small debris but it will keep any wires from being sucked into the fan. It has a small "PCToys" on the bottom which can be seen in the products image. It could be flipped but the finish is a little rough on the backside of the grill. I also noticed the radiation symbol is upside down. If you do a search for "Radiation Logo" on google or something similar you can see what I mean. Again this could be fixed by just flipping the grill upside down, which would not be noticeable aside from the "PCToys" logo being visibly upside down.All and all it's a decent fan grill that looks pretty cool.
I recently purchased a new 21" LCD Samsung monitor (wide screen format), hoping to use the extra real estate on the screen. To my surprise, when using the DVI output of the FX 5500, the maximum screen resolution that you can select is 1280 x 1024. Since the native resolution of the monitor is 1680 x 1050, you either have to settle for very large characters or distorted, elongated characters.Fortunately, if you use the Analog (VGA) output, the card will support resolutions up to 2048 x 1536 - which supports the monitor just fine. Unfortunately, this means that you are going from a digital image in the computer to a digital display through an analog connection, losing a little of the crispness that is possible.So, if you plan to use a digital connection to your monitor, I would recommend a different video card.
its good for the price but my first one blew out after just 18 months. but for the price its pretty decent
Please don't listen to the guy complaining obout gray lines on his nVidia video card. The card he was using was a RIVA TNT card that came out in 1998. Get a life.I have owned nVidia products for years with no problem. I have a PNY geforce2-ti-4200 now and have had no problems whatsoever period.The problem is most likely a cheap manufacturer, since nVidia licenses its tech to 3rd parties for production. Buy the card from a reputable manufacturer like eVGA, ASUS, LeadTek, Chaintech, or MSI.By the way, if you're looking for the best framerate, look elswhere, the 5200-5600 series were meant for a value market, not top-end gaming framerate. If you want to play Doom-3, and Halflife-2 best info I have is to buy at least a fx5900 ultra 256mb.
Good card for the price. I needed one quick and had little cash. I wish I could have waited and picked up a nice ATI Raydeon card. Believe me, the extra $100 is worth it. If you are a big time gamer, this card is not for you.
The device is good if you only need 802.11B speeds (which is enough for internet play.)  The issue that I overlooked was what encryption it supported.  The WGA11B does not support WPA, no firmware update that I could find on linksys either, so I am left with a pretty decent device that I won't utilize on my network.  I have none to blame but myself, however, as I was hasty and didn't pull up the full specs.
I bought this after my Microsoft adapter stopped working. This works for connecting to the internet but you get disconnected every 15-20 minutes which sucks.
I bought this adapter over a year ago for my 360. My wireless router is a floor down, and I don't remember ever having to do anything but plug it into my 360 and the wall and configure it from there. Once you set it to "IN" using the button on the side, you'll be able to connect to the internet. The biggest problem with this adapter is that it is wireless-B. That means that YOU WILL HAVE LAG. I bet most of the people who say that this works perfectly haven't even used it for more than a day or two... I've used it for over a year. Thankfully, whenever you start experiencing major lag (and you WILL), all you have to do is take a paper clip and hit the reset button on the side of the adapter, and reset it to "IN" and you'll be good to go. The lag will hit anywhere from 30 minutes to two hours into a session.That said, if you don't mind having to get up and reset this unit every so often, it's a steal. But if you want unhindered, and mostly lag-free gaming online this is not for you.
Not bad for a $100 complete liquid cooling system, the build quality isn't that good but it'll work.Note: this system is not made for LGA775 systems (P4, Core2Duo and Extreme) so I had to find a way to install it on my system.
Which would make it roughly half of the 'competitions' speed.  Not bad, but certainly not a selling point.
This product does not fit the new ibook 14' keyboard. The F keys on the keyboard protector and the actual keyboard are improperly aligned. Otherwise it would have been great as it is comfortable to type on.
good: keeps crumbs and dust out of your keys, which is what it advertises to do. it's easily washable.bad: it's not protective for the laptop screen--over time, i could see the outline of the keys from the protector ingrained on my screen (which cannot be cleaned off with screen wipes).my theory is that finger grease and dust collecting on top of the protector was getting transferred to the screen each time i closed the laptop.  as a result, i don't use this protector anymore since it's more of a pain to take it on and off each time i open and close my laptop.  if i kept it open all the time, then maybe i would stick it on my keyboard again.  but for now, it's stored and not in use.
The card is FireWire 800 but the Microsoft drivers is not written well and you have to tweak it in order to get FireWire 800 performance. 400 Mbps is all you can get by default. Unless you are a computer geek, this is not good for Windows users. On Mac 10.x you can get Firewire 800 Mbps out of the box.
This went together pretty easily; I think it took about 1.5hrs with a 5 year old "assistant" slowing me down. The instructions are not like an old Heathkit; they are geared towards someone with more experience identifying components, orienting them correctly, stuffing and soldering them to the PCB. It took me a little while to deduce that you launch the "ball" by pressing both the up and down buttons simultaneously- that is not explained anywhere in the instructions. The other issue is that even on skill level I, the ball moves quite fast, to the point of being very difficult to play; I was trying to get a volley going with someone who is an experienced video game player and we were both really struggling. Younger kids don't stand a chance. Additionally, up and down buttons are not as pleasant to use as a proportional knob type controller on a vintage pong game. All in all, it's a fun little exercise to build, it's amazing how few components are needed to build an actual video game, but the game play is a disappointment. Sometimes most of the fun of a kit is assembling it, and that was true in this case.
I write this review with a heavy heart, because I have to admit, when it was working, I was in love with the z545.  It was, hands down, the coolest piece of technology I had ever purchased.  The dual DVR was phenomenal, easy to use, and produced a MUCH better picture through DVI video outputs than my Tivo Series 2 (which still can support only the awful composite video standard).  Adding and viewing photos and videos was simple, DVD picture was fantastic, HP Tunes worked great.All in all, I waas ecstatic over the z545 ... until the problems began.  The first was that, when using the z545 in "computer mode" (e.g., surfing the internet, etc. through XP), the screen image was cropped off on all four sides so that the start bar, task bar, icons, etc. were all offscreen.  I read all the FAQs, guides, and spent hours with HP technical support (who, to their credit, genuinely tried hard to fix the problem).  Nothing worked, and ultimately the only solution HP could come up with was either to use an S-video cable in place of DVI (which would ruin the picture quality for TV and all the other non-PC options) or to turn down the resolution on my TV (a similar non-solution).  I have a widescreen, 16X9 big screen rear projection HDTV, and I cannot believe that HP did not provide for its "media center" that is supposed to replace all your home theatre pieces to work with such a TV -- who do they think is buying the z545 if not a technophile home theatre buff?? -- but, alas, they could not find a solution.Nonetheless, I might have been able to live with less with less than optimal PC performance from the z545 because all of the media center features were, in a word, phenomenal.  However, even in Media Center mode, I started encountering too many glitches, e.g., the machine would freeze coming out of sleep mode, it would lock up when changing channels, and it would sometimes "change" the channel only to replace it with a blank screen while channel surfing.These glitches were just too many and too frequent to let me keep a toy that cost me $1800.  Such a shame, because when working the z545 was a dream.  Five stars when it worked, but in the end just too glitchy to keep.  I returned it after a week and a half and almost daily troubleshooting.  In a few generations it will be a must-have product, but right now, in my experience, the reliability and stability just is not there.
.. can't fit anything that is actually 11x17.  Probably could fit anything closer to 10x16.  Otherwise fairly well made for price.
Worked as advertised, I had to unplug it and connect it every couple of days, it would loose its signal.  Biggest disappointment was it died after 2 1/2 months.  Their support isn't good, no tech support unless you register.  I'm looking for something better.
For the price, this is not a bad sound card. You won't get the same quality as a higher priced card. I could never get the sub-woofer to work with the card, so I eventually upgraded to an X-Fi Gamer. But, the overall surround sound experience was pretty good, even w/o the sub-woofer.
I bought this for the hardware, just needed a SDIO-footprint barcode scanner for my PocketPC.  The included software is OK, helps you organize your movie and audio collections.  The included barcode printer program is OK also, lets you print barcodes on regular printer labels.Unfortunately, the software installs as a trial version, activated using the code printed in the manual.  The manual did not contain any unlock codes, and the product is discontinued by the manufacturer. The hardware is still supported, but not the software.As far as programability goes, the SDK is available from the manufacturer, but it's not cheap.  [...] has a .NET component for the card in older versions.
I PURCHASED A SONY CYBERSHOT S300  IN NOVEMBER 2006, AFTER I PUT IT IN MY CART, THE  (I GUESS YOU CAN CALL IT) ACCESSORIES & OPTIONS NEEDED or MAY WANT TO PURCAHSE PAGE SAID I NEED THIS 512MB SECURE DIGITAL MEMORY CARD.  SO, I DID. "THIS IS MY FAULT!" -- I KNOW THAT.  I SHOULD HAVE RESEARCHED THIS FIRST.  I FINALLY GOT AROUND TO PLAYING WITH MY CAMERA (FEB 2007, ONLY TO FIND OUT THIS DOESN'T FIT THE SONY CYBERSHOT S300. IT'S  NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE CAMAERA I PURCHASED.  I JUST WANT TO SAY, IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING ACCESSORIES FOR ANY ITEM.. MAKE SURE IT'S COMPAITBLE or EVEN NECESSARY (WHICH THIS WASN'T -- BY THE WAY)I'M JUST HOPING, TO PREVENT OTHERS FROM HAVING THE SAME THING HAPPEN TO THEM.OVERALL, I DON'T HAVE ANY ISSUES/COMPLAINTS ABOUT ITEMS I'VE PURHASED FORM AMAZON.COM
I bought one of these from eBay.  It was completely defective (Windows didn't even see a device plugged in).  I got another one from surplus computers. In w2k, this one complained about "Function Driver not Specified for this Device Instance". In winME, it just said "unrecognized device." In winXP, it didn't complain at all, but just didn't work. For techies: the Vendor and Product PnP ID were both returned as 0. Returned that one to the store, and have had no trouble with the new one. The enclosed instructions say to set your drive to master, and power up all before plugging USB cable in.  VERY IMPORTANT.
I bought this with my custom PC and in fact I am typing on it right now. It's good and tough; I've dropped the keyboard and mouse a few times while moving. The mouse was hard to click at first but after a while I didn't notice. I have to say my biggest pet pev with this keyboard is the fact the keys are REALLY LOUD!!! I have friends who are light on keyboards and even they made a whole lot of noise. In a dorm room it bothers people. I play online games with voice chat and they can hear this thing. Even in a phone call the person on the other end comments about the volume. My pev with the mouse is how the plastic covering collects dirt under it. The keyboard all so becomes dusty quickly and I am the type of person to wash my hands all the time, and does not eat over my keys. I have to say if loud keys aren't a problem for you then this is a fine keyboard/mouse comb.
I wasn't real happy with the way the extra cards fit in the case. The metal strips are facing out and can get scratched or damaged. This is a replacement for another case and this one opens like a book and doesn't fold up very well. Kind of awkward to hold when open. Otherwise well-made. Serves a purpose.
These type of laptop batteries are a bit unwieldy, so I would rather not have to carry around 2 or 3 extra laptop batteries to get a couple hours of use. I don't know how many fuel cells this battery has, but I would like to have purchased one with the maximum amount.
What a rip off @ $9.95 plus shipping! Very cheap plastic. However it is functional and does replace the original.
The quality of the product is good, but after 6 months the ethernet ports started to fail. By the eand of the year only one port was usable and the wifi started to fail. Had to replace it with a new one.
I own two of these enclosures, the red one I bought at least 2 years ago and the black one just recently. They are sleek looking and work really well - when they work.The red enclosure stopped working after a year; it turned out that one of the legs of the power connector separated from the board, without even unplugging the enclosure that often - easy fix if you have a soldering iron.The black enclosure comes with a new, more compact and more powerful power adapter, but all of a sudden after working fine for a week it will randomly not provide enough power to spin up my 500Gb hard drive. I swapped the power adapters between the two enclosures and all is well now.. bizarre.These are nice cases for the money, they dissipate heat well, they look cool, but they are not very well made. The power plug is hard to insert/remove, the aluminum bracket that holds the drive is hard to slide into the enclosure, the back side of the bracket (with the power/usb plugs) bends too much when you push on it, on my new enclosure I have to force the hard drive into the aluminum bracket because it's a bit too tight on the sides...Almost good enough for the money; I'd pay $20 tops for this case if I had to buy it again.
I'm only giving this 3 stars because the description was misleading.  It said "Easily Add Storage to Any System with USB or eSATA" but there is no eSATA port on it.It wasn't worth the hassle of returning since I needed a USB 2.0 enclosure to use as a Time Machine drive for my Macbook anyway.  I'll have to try again on getting an eSATA enclosure to use with my desktop one of these days.Other than not having a port I was looking for, the setup was pretty straightforward.  Plug the plugs into the drive, screw it to the caddy, slip the caddy into the enclosure and screw it in.  Setting it up for Time Machine under OSX couldn't get much easier.
works ok. nothing to write home about. however the 2 face plates was the reason i bought it.
I wish the product said that it required a 10-pin USB 2.0 jumper on the motherboard to connect the cable. (It uses 9 of the ten pins on the ten-pin jumper.) I was hoping to fasten it onto my USB 2.0 PCI card, but no go.I'm upgrading to a new motherboard soon, so I'm not returning it.
I would rate this adapter as "pretty good" because it does what it needs, but I wanted to warn users of an idiosyncrasy.  When I first received this adapter I was a bit pissed off at the other reviewers because it did not "just work" like they indicated.  Later I learned something about the Wii's terrible networking support.Scenario:I recently completed a structured wiring project since the home's wireless signal strength was iffy in places and wifi speed of 54Mbps is substandard to this wired adapter's possible 100Mbps speed.  The Wii is in the living room with a direct line across the house and up to the office's wiring closet.  The equipment in the closet was in turn connected to the home's Linksys wifi/wired router and its built-in DHCP server.  All lines run tested fine from laptops.  The adapter never lit up and the Wii never found the wired network connection.Tests:The Wii's living room Ethernet cable run was plugged directly into a small 10Mbps hub in the wiring closet.  This was the primary interconnection point being used until I could get a real switch with more ports and possible Gigabit speeds for other machines on the network.  But the direct network connection was never found by the Wii, it could not acquire a DHCP address and would not work even with hard-coded network settings.  Swapped out that D-link hub for a similar 5-port 10Mbps hub made by Linksys.  Still no love.  After reviewing Wii user forums, I carried the Wii and all necessary components to the office and plugged directly into the Linksys home router (wifi/wired/DHCP), and voila!, working Wii on the Internet!  Returned to the living room, but no love, the USB adapter did not happen to "wake up" and start working after being used earlier in the office.  Swapped out the pitiful hub in the wiring closet for a new Linksys switch, but still no love.  Moved the router into the wiring closet, leaving all lines as they were to the attached new switch, but plugged the cable from the living room directly to the wifi/home router.  With this set-up the Wii is now on-line!Summary:Either the Wii or this USB adapter (or both) do not properly support Ethernet networks through additional devices such as switches or hubs, you must plug the Wii's adapter directly into the router/switch that is your ISP connection and DHCP server.  I suspect the difficult point was reaching the DHCP server through the added devices, although all other machines in the house work fine with this tethered star topology.I would rate this adapter as "pretty good" because it does what it needs, but I wanted to warn users of this idiosyncrasy so they can ensure the correct wiring.
when buying this i thought it was going to be a ok router that would reach about 100 feet but when setting it up it only reached to my kitchen about 30 feet away and then couldn't receive a signal even when u were right next to the thing it makes your internet 10x slower! if your going to buy a router just put a few more dollars in and by a linkys router never have problems with them very fast and reliable!
It is a good product but I am not using it, the program on my computer didn't make for a good companion.  So I purchase a fax machine.
IF YOU JUST NEED ONE OR TWO COMPUTERS! THESE ARE FINE! ADD 3 OR MORE DEVICES AND YOU WILL BE REBOOTING TO RESET THE ARP TABLES?
I got the Netgear WPN111 RangeMax Wireless USB 2.0 Adapter on time as promised.  I have no problem so far so it works just what I paid for.  I could not say if it's fast but I paid very cheap for it so I can complain much.  It works, what can I say.
I had the UBS versions before this one. They were weak and never very consistent. I am sending a signal form the main floor to the basement, but only about 25 feet in lateral distance. But it does lie along a utility channel (ductwork and such, finshed out with seetrock in the basement ceiling) and I'm told that can interfere with the signal. It doesn't have to cross it, just virtually parallel it from the router upstairs on the desk, thru the floor at some poiont, and along the room in the basement to the dektop.Installation wasn't anything for the hardware part, easy for first timers, too (even though I'm not). The horrible Acer computer I have makes it more challenging. After some restarts and removals and reboots the software's on there fine. The directions aren't verbatm to the things I see in XP, but close enough to get the job done.I'd recommend the item if you are stuck using this older technology, which I'm not going to updgrade until we get a new machine for the kids. The complaint level while they're doing itunes and stuff about "the internet's not working" are way, way down. The desktop I use upstairs that's connected via hardwire to the router to the modem, as welll as my son's laptop, never have any trouble with the signal from the Netgear Rangemax WPN824v3 Router. Nor does my laptop when i work at home. Yet I believe it's the basement locale and the Acer that are the issue, not the adapter.
Amazing product, incredible capabilities.  Everything looked good until I found it doesn't work with Ooma, the VOIP phone system.
I got this very same laptop 3 years ago, and I too have had the same cooling issues that make this laptop turn itself off without warning. This is because the Pentium 4 CPU runs very hot and its thermal protection circuitry when tripped forces an immediate power shutdown to protect the CPU from literally melting. It runs so hot that if you could find a way to crack an egg on top of the CPU the egg would cook. (But of course that would also short circuit the CPU ;-)My effective workaround to this problem is to make the CPU run about 40% less hotter. I did this by bringing up the Toshiba Power Utility and setting the power level to Long Life. I then changed the screen brightness to 6 since 1 is too dim. Then I changed the fixed CPU speed from 3 to 1 to make it run even cooler. This slows the CPU speed and voltage down to 60% capacity which makes it run about 40% less hotter. Then I changed the cooling method to maximum performance, which is another way of saying I want the cooling fans to spin constantly. All these setting changes should keep the CPU cool enough to not trip the thermal protection circuitry. It still runs warm, mind you, but not as hot as at full CPU speed. Of course Windows and my apps run a tad bit slower, but at least I'll have a functional laptop that won't turn off without giving me a chance of saving whatever it is I'm currently working on.Lastly, about those clogged fans and cooling fins, what I do is use a can of compressed air. You can buy them for $10 a 4-pack. What you do is blow into the fans to force the dust out of the cooling fins. Then blow into the cooling fins to loosen dust that got compacted and stubbornly won't come out. This will blow dust back into the fan area. Relax, we're simply loosening up the compacted dust. What you do next is blow into the fans again to force the loosened dust out of the cooling fins. Do this back and forth until no more dust comes out. Voila! You've cleaned it of dust. Even if you end up using a whole can of compressed air it would have cost you only $2.50 for that can and about 10 minutes of cleaning time. I would rather spend that measly cost than take about a whole morning's time to disassemble and reassemble the laptop just to clean it of dust.Hope you find the above information useful.I rate this laptop 3 stars because it's nevertheless solid and well built. Five stars if it wasn't using a hot CPU. Don't bash Toshiba for the thermal issues. It's an inherent problem with the Intel Netburst Architecture, i.e., Pentium 4 and Pentium D chips. This is why in the past year or so Intel has switched to the Core Architecture, which runs the CPU's at lower voltages and therefore lower temperatures.I have since bought newer Toshiba laptops (for other family members) that use Core and Core 2 CPU's and these new Toshiba laptops definitely run cooler. But there's no need to throw away this one I'm talking about--it's still a very useful laptop, albeit running slower than what it is fully capable of. More than good enough for Web surfing or emailing which is what my wife usually uses it for.
While these caps serve their purpose to protect USB "A" ports, I am not happy with the hard plastic material and overall design. I find these not easily removed because the shape is beveled and slippery even though ribbed...really just too small to grip. Also, the cost is okay but, with shipping, it's outrageous. I found a nice rubber-made cap made by Digi-key...about half the cost and half the shipping charge.
Bought these to cover 2 USB ports that no longer work on the front of my tower since I removed the USB card from the motherboard the front 2 ports were connected to. They work, but the only downside is they are hard to get a grip on, so if you're using them as temporary blockers to keep the dust out of a USB port, be prepared to use pliers to remove them from the port.
The USB Protective Cover for Type A Jacks, Pkg/10 is a fine product, but a little misnamed. I wanted something to cover the exposed plugin end of my flash drive.  These are better named "USB Protective Plugs."
The Antique Copper Acorn Solar lantern with hook is a well made product and quite attractive, but I would have expected the light inside to be brighter.  I don't believe there is any way to change out the bulb.  Providing that option would have been one way to improve this product.
Though not 100% snug, it seems the contact is good enough to function since we don't move it often... thanks
i have read all of the reviews for this router as well as it's reviews on other webpages.  i want to know if the people that are writing negative reviews have the newest version (C1) or an older version.  i have heard that the older version had tons of problems that were all addressed in the new model making it an amazing router that is virtually problem free & super easy to use.  is this true??????please comment on this so i can get your input.
I'll have to agree with all of you people.  I had the same problem with DI-624 for a long time.  My problem was mostly when the router was configured for wireless network: it kept rebooting itself very often which annoyed the hell out of me.  I did a lot of research on this issue and when I couldn't find anything at all, including calling D-LINK which was waste of time, I decided to try one more thing.  I updated the router with the latest firmware (and I keep doing it every two months ever since), then I configured the wireless network as WPA-PSK on channel 11 instead of 6 which is most common and it might interfere with other wireless networks around the area.  I disabled the broadcast of my SID and created long password for it mixed with letters and numbers, and I made sure that some letters are actually CAPs to make it harder to break in.  I tried using it for a couple of weeks and voila: no more disconnections.  I have this router running for over a year now without any disconnections at all except when I do some software updates which forces network connections to lose connectivity.  I'll have to add that most of the electronic devices, such as microwaves especially, use the same frequency as the router (2.4 GHZ), so changing the channel is the first thing you gotta think of.  I hope it was helpful.
We bought a 50" LG Plasma (the one with the built-in DVR) and had to send it back. The recorder would not let you watch one digital channel while recording another. The on-screen guide (ours was from TV Guide) was ridiculously hard to follow (it sorted channels by name, not by number--unless you want to dive into the menu and manually reassign each channel a new number), and because the guide didn't use local programming, we had several recorded shows that simply had a few minutes lopped off on either end of the program. We had the set traded out for a similar model with no DVR. We'll see how that works.
This adapter isn't bad. I had some issues installing the drivers, but once I ran the install with the adapter unplugged and then plugged it in, it took off just fine. The only issues are it can be unreliable. It gets hot to the touch and loses internet, you must unplug it. Let it cool off. Plug it back in and back on the net you go. But for 3 dollars? not bad at all.
Quick delivery, easy to install, works on PC with Win XP and Vista. However, it's not compatible with Wii. Should have done more research beforehand. My own mistake. Aside from that, the item is packaged nicely, delivered on time, and works as advertised. Will buy from this seller again.
i tried for days to get this to work on vista. it just doesn't.  i'm not going to the extent of re-writing driver files to make a usb adapter work... i haven't done that since a usr 56k modem...  no thanks :)if you are running windows xp and plan no future upgrades, this adapter works excellent.  keep your driver disc, even sp3 didn't know the driver.
The adaptor itself works great.. The only problem is that the drivers are only available on minidisk so I couldn't just use it out of the box on my tablet.. I had to find a computer that could play minidisk and extract the drivers that way. After applying them it works great for what I need it for, which is to have internet access outside of wifi zones making my tablet into a replacement laptop.While it's no 1Gb/s connection, it's solid and good enough for most applications.
This is a cheap way to connect an Ethernet cable into a USB port.1) This item is made in China and the package looks like something you find in a 99 cent store, so there is no costumer service.2) The driver disc that comes with this adapter and is needed to be installed before your computer recognizes the device is a MINI-DISC, not the standard size compact disc so be prepared for that.3) This adapter DOES work just fine for me on my Sony Vaio Laptop that has no Ethernet connection ports, only two USB ports so I received exactly what I wanted and paid about $3.50 + S&H; for.Caution: My only set back with this adapter is that it gets extremely hot. Not hot enough to burn you on contact but it is uncomfortably hot and I would not leave it plugged in longer than I needed to.
This is not bad for $3 gadget.  The network speed is a bit less than desirable, but what can you expect for a $3 item???  It works and works okay.  It even worked with Windows 7.
The item seems easy enough to plug and play ..but coming with NO CD sure makes it impossible to use, until I can install the drivers..BUT there is no 800 number to contact to get one and there is NO WAY to install it to get to the internet to download the drivers...SO anyone have an extra CD or an 800 number so I can get the drivers?kypirit@yahoo.com if you dont mind sharing .thanks
It works on my Acer Aspires S3-591 Ultrabook winth Win-7.  The installation is not straitford.  The product does not come with installation instruction.  The Win-7 does not detect the device wheb plug in.  I have to go go device manager to find it and add the driver.  product linkhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BL3M3U/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
Sony's technical support put me on hold for OVER 2 HOURS.  This is unacceptable for a mayor player in the computer business.  Also, I am very dissapointed that this equipment does not support HD signals from my cable company. This also is unacceptable.  Otherwise I like the equipment.
Purchased an earlier version of his (circa 2005) and threw it out after two months of use. The case itself was solid but the hard velcro closure on the side became exposed if the case was slightly overpacked. Result: completely ruined the pants on two expensive suits from the closure rubbing while I walked. Incredibly poor design. Received this model as a gift (would have never bought another one myself). The problem seems to have been solved with the new closure system. It's a bag. It holds my computer. It is black. Not much more to say.
This card works, it's just been a little finicky - I don't know if it's Windows acting up or if it's the drivers for the card, impossible to say. The system which it's installed on tends to lose connectivity after a couple of hours - can be a real pain if you download large files. It works though! Any casual user won't complain too much, a system restart will fix the connection if it's down and the card tends to stay online during normal usage. Good price.
I need to know if your going to exchange the disk drive even the CDROM wont clip in at the unit and keeps falling out.
I tried ordering this switch box for my phones twice.Both times I received a data switch, which has different wiring and did not work with my phones. Amazon took both products back but someone there should check what is happening.My one star has nothing to do with the final product, only that I could not get it twice, so I had nothing to review.Update: Third time worked. This time I order it "used" (these things do not "wear" out -- at least not in my lifetime). Strangely the box was for a computer peripheral switch, so I didn't have high hopes when I plugged it in. Lo and behold! It worked on my phones, unlike the "new" products I ordered.Warning, if you have this problem, and after much wasted research, the wiring of the boxes I had originally got were likely RJ45 not RJ11/RJ12, as advertised. The phone plug will fit into both.So if your purchase doesn't 'work' out of the box, return it with a complaint about a wrong delivery.The few bucks I saved in buying 'used' was not worth the hassle. But at least now I can switch phones quickly. Old tech still works!I updated to three stars, an average. Five stars for working correctly and one star for repeatedly getting the wrong product.
This is a little AB Box for Fax and Phone applications - I use it to share a fax machine and a telephone using the same outside line. The unit is well made and does what its suspossed to do. It wish it had a line in use indicator (lamp) so you know if someone is on the phone before you switch over to the fax.  But for the price it is a good by and it does what its supposed to do.
What could one say about a too large metal box containing a two position rotary switch which directs a signal from one input to two possible outputs or two inputs directed separately to one output . It works!! I use it to make a connection choice from a DSL line to the fax of a multi function printer or to my router. Only problem is the router has to reboot after using the fax.  Would have given this amazing piece of electronic wizardry four stars except for the fact that it came in a packaging box indicating what was contained inside was an even more amazing device with a three position switch and three possible outputs.Come on Amazon quality control, you are sleeping at the switch to use a play on words.
If you've ever had a phone line with a broken plug, you know just how annoying it can be and if you haven't, take my word, it's a pain. But with these wonderful little darlin's that broken plug can become a working member of the staff. Cut off the broken plug, strip the wire, remembering to reverse the wires before you slip on the plug and crimp, its done. You'll do yourself a favor if you get the crimping tool, but get the plug for sure. I can hear you now, the phone works!
This stand is pretty good, but you have to be careful when handling the CPU to make sure you hold the stand or the CPU will slide off of it.  There is no rubber gripping or arms to keep the CPU from sliding.  Plastic on plastic doesn't create much friction...  The unit also opens too easily, making it open up wider than you need it with little effort.  I'm afraid my CPU will fall off of the stand if I'm not careful.  The stand does seem sturdy though and has locking casters.
I bought this cpu grip stand to keep my pc off the floor. I have carpeting, so my monster fans will suck up all and any dust and lint. But because of it's x shapped design that allows it to open and close to the dimensions of a pc it tends to seperate too much and out comes the pc. But if your like me and constantly moving it around of course it bound to happen. I would recommend it to anyone it's great!
The biggest problem with this piece is that when it rolls on its wheels, it loses its grip on the server.  Which is kind of the point of a stand.Update: after reading my review on Amazon, the company offered to replace the stands for me with newer versions.  That was very generous, but I declined because the stands work well enough and I didn't want the hassle of dealing with new ones.
I purchased this because the product description implied that it was adjustable for different width computers.  I needed to use it for an IBM computer that has a standing-up width of only 3 inches wide.  While this stand was very easy to put together and does narrow to that dimension, it is extremely unstable/"top heavy".  I've had to wedge it between my desk and a chair and I'm worried that if anyone bumped it, it would fall over.  I've tried swinging the wheels out to expand the base and make it more stable, but the wheels spin back in with the slightest movement.I would NOT recommend this product unless you have a low-wide/squat computer.
It would seem that the signals do not go both ways like i thought it said in the description. i could be wrong thoughThe s-video and RCA video ends are output only so you should beware of this before you buy it.
great deal good price nice and compact easy to carry and hook up would consider buying another if I needed another
The product was dammaged on arrival, it did not matter for me b/c I was taking it apart anyway but for others this may be an issue.  Also this is a very old keyboard.
I purchased this reader for use with the card from my new Olympus which uses xD. I also have SD, miniSD, and CF cards that I wanted to be able to use with this reader as well. I had previously used the SanDisk ImageMate 12 in 1 reader, but it doesn't support xD.The device is lightweight and could be easily carried in a camera bag, but its mini usb to usb cord is very long and you would need a different cord if you wanted it to be compact. The cord does work well for desk situations well where you are using a computer or usb hub on the floor. For laptop applications (as I use it for) the cord is also too long.On both XP and Vista the card read speeds are dramatically slower than the SanDisk Imagemate 12 in 1 reader that I used before, but didn't support xD. This happens on both USB 1.0 and 2.0 ports. I can copy/move the exact same files off my CF cards using the SanDisk in half the time it takes the Trancend. Additionally these read speeds result in photo thumbnail browsing on the card is too slow to be usable forcing me to copy/move the files off the card to be usable...on the ImageMate it is fast enough the thumbnail browsing is tolerable on the card.I also have experience connection issues on both XP and Vista PCs. With the transcend device connected to the PC, sitting on a counter with nothing touching it...the lights on the device will flash, and it will lose it's USB connection, and then get it back again immediatly. This is acompanied by the device remove and then the device remove sound. It has also done this a couple times while I was moving several photos off the xD card, causing me to have to restart the move.Lastly the card insertion is non-intuitive. For example, the CF cards are inserted in an orientation I would consider to be upsidedown..as the CF label points to the bottom left port from the top of the trancend device, but from there you have to insert the CF card with the top of the CF card facing down. It would make more sense if the CF label were printed on the face of the bottom of the transcend device...but it isn't. Given that the slot openings are shared amongst the different card types when attempting to plug a card in using the wrong orientation it is difficult without close inspection to realize if you are inserting it the wrong way entirelyor just off by a few milimeters.Also, I have since gone back to using my ImageMate for all my other cards and use the Transcend only for the xD, so that I can copy faster in general.
Cons:- We used to lose connection on all devices several times every evening until I disabled Maxrange and 108 Mb speed (can work only with devices with compatible Netgear cards)- Wireless access list doesn't work properly.  Tech support told me I don't need it with wpa2 because wpa2 is secure.  Maybe they're right, but why is it available with it and not working?  Bad design.- Support was worthless - communication problems, bad connection and their only help was to suggest to stop using access list for wireless devices "because it is secure without it".  I have since performed numerous factory resets and I kept having several one minute outages every evening until I disabled the two above mentioned proprietary features.  It was very annoying.- Router went beserk after Panasonic security webcam tried to auto-configure UPNP for web access.  It was altering from up and down every few minutes and I had to reload the firmware to revive it.- Until I added reservations for all my devices Mac addresses, the IP address of our iPhones kept getting incremented each time I would turn the screen on.Pros:Good range.  Range is even more so amazing with Maxrange enabled but that makes it flaky.  I recommend it only if you are using Netgear wireless cards.
This NetGear RangeMax Wireless Router gave me a lot of trouble. It lost connections very often and the tech support is not easy! The connection is not stable. Today I reinstalled (or updated the same version--this took me a whole day to figure out to do so).It works now, but just died twice!
I loved this product for more than a year - then the N23 tip broke off inside the power jack. It cost me $100 to have it removed, and another $75 for a new (Rayovac) power adapter. I blamed my teenage daughter for carelessness until I learned that this is a very common problem with the tip (and has cost many people much more in repair / recovery costs than my example.) After much reading, I am still unable to discern whether it's a problem with Kensington's tip, or Apple's jack. Both manufacturers are favorites of mine for both design and quality, so I can't help you there either. The Rayovac tip seems sturdier, But it's also longer and more likely to provide the leverage to damage the jack (and the DC(?) board inside).Personally, I'll be limiting myself to using my G4 only while it's unplugged, and do my charging only when I can assure the connection is stationary and completely protected from bumps and jars - until i forget... or think i can get by just this once...If I'm rigorously careful, I can save up for a newer laptop before it breaks again.
I have worked with a number of firewall and gateway products used for home and business and this by far has been one of the easiest firewalls to set up. It took me less then an half an hour to get the firewall and wireless portion of the setup to work. The next day I setup VPN with the Greenbow VPN client and was rdp'ng and SSH'ng into my home network with ease. I've had it for over a month and have not had any problems with it.  For the price and number of features this product cannot be beat. I have also used my PS3 to access the PSN network and played a number of games online and have not encountered any lag at all. I highly recommend this product. Anyone that tells you this product is hard to setup probably has problems or didn't read the manual. Very satisfied with this product!Update: Well after 3 years of use this firewall started to lock up on me and would require a reboot to enable access of the internet. Changing the rating from 5 stars to 3 stars. I would still recommend this product since I got it at a good price and it did last me 3 years.
this filter out noise only.  but when you make phone call, the conversation breaking up.  so, i put this one at the phone (e.g. basemenet phone) that i hardly use to make/receive phone calls.
If I had a couple of complaints it would be that you have to use the company's online formats and pay for that service if you want to save your work.(I would prefer it if they included some kind of disc with the labels or free dowloads for folks who already have earlier versions of the Media Face software, as I do, as the online service is NOT very good!)and my second complaint is that the glue on the envelopes is not very strong!But overall we made some great wedding favor cds with this product just would like to see a couple of improvments.
saitek makes a good keyboard, but this one is behind the times.the backlight dose not glow up thrugh the keys. im sure it was state of the art 5 years ago but now its just not up to the standard of my pc. it dose work and was a good price it's just not good at gaming.
I like Airlink wireless products and will continue to buy them.  I've had this wireless adapter working on an XP SP2 machine for about a year. Works great. But I just installed Windows XP Service Pack 3, and the Airlink wireless lan utility failed.  From another computer I downloaded the new driver for XP SP3 and installed it, but the utility, which is needed to operate, still fails.  I called Airlink Tech Support on Sunday pm, and got a rep. (I was surprised.)She said others had this same problem, and engineers are working on a fix to the utility, but they don't know when it will be available.  So I have a computer that cannot connect to the network, and I don't know how long it will be down.I'm sure when they do provide a final fix, all will be fine.  But I feel like Airlink has let me down.  SP3 has been out for 6 weeks, and Airlink has not yet upgraded their software correctly.Check the Airlink website and make sure they have not only an SP3 driver, but an SP3 lan utility before installing this adapter on a machine with XP Service Pack 3.
MUY UTIL Y COMODO PARA GUARDAR PEQUENIOS OBJETOS DENTRO DEL AUTOMOVIL.
the product worked fine.  used equipment - had scrached on outside shell.should have made a note on that. other than that it works. thanksMikeM
None of the reviews on this remarkable product (which Sony actually calls a "Changer/Recorder") mentions the following limitations:1) you can only rip CDs to the digital formats supported by the Microsoft's WMA Player, specifically WMA and MP3.  That's it.  If you want uncompressed WAVs, AAC, or anything else, you're out of luck. (It can do lossless WMA, which can be converted to WAVs, but it's still a royal pain to deal with.)2) the unit itself is gigantic, far bulkier than any consumer PC I've ever seen at 18" wide x 19" deep by 9-1/2" high; it's also very heavy at over 40 pounds.  Users will want to place the component on a sturdy desk or cabinet. The good news is, this is not a flimsy consumer device, which you might expect for this price. This is a very heavy-duty unit, in every sense of the word.3) Sony's manual is terribly inadequate.  Many basic tasks are only vaguely hinted at, such as how to change the disk directories or drives on which your library is stored.4) Although the VGP-XL1B changer is equipped with two Firewire 400 interface jacks (its only i/o ports), the manual advises not to plug anything into the second jack except another changer (daisy-chaining up to five in all).5) you can also use the system for recording data backups and music to recordable CDs and DVDs, but figuring out exactly how to do this almost requires an EE degree.6) the functionality of the Media Center interface is kludgy at best, and very buggy at worst.7) Loading audio CDs into the unit takes quite a bit of time, because Media Center (through Windows Media Player) has to go out on the Net and retrieve all the CD titles, artist names, and song titles. That means the information is only as accurate as entered into Gracenote/CDDB -- which often leaves a lot to be desired. Once the disc info is retrieved, you can then push one button and rip everything to the hard drive, unattended. It takes a long time -- I clocked it at roughly 2 hours for 25 discs -- but at least it requires zero human intervention, aside from loading and unloading.8) there's only one slot opening in the front, and getting discs in and out of the changer is a little nerve-wracking. I shudder to think what would happen if a disc got loose inside there, because there's no easy way to open it up to manually remove it, short of disassembling the unit.Sony has recently cut the price of the VGP-XL1B to $[...] (under $[...] if the Amazon rebate is still available), which is an incredible bargain.  The Niveus Ice Vault 200 is identical to this unit, but costs $[...] by itself -- probably closer to what this CD/DVD-ROM changer is actually worth.I suspect the Media Center concept is still one of those things that's not quite ready for prime time.  But the Sony system is a small step in the right direction.  Maybe Apple will eventually figure it out and show Microsoft how to do it right... again.
We purchased this product so that we would have a way to organize or DVD's and also be able to use Media Center to play them in.  The product has allowed us to do both, but there have been a few glitches that we are hoping there might be a software update that will fix some of the issues in the future.When we first tried to load the disks in we were only able to load about  to load, the rest came up with errors.  After several days we were able to load the remainder in.  We have on occasion received errors that the device cannot read the DVD and we have to eject the DVD and reload.
As with about 90% of sony products I own, they always mysteriously stop working (break if you will). The main Vaio living system unit (the XL1A) would not turn on one day. I didnt do anything or even move the unit. Just stopped working after a year. Im pretty tech savy and I am guessing it was the motherboard that went after numerous tests (Ram check, hard drive tests, etc). And good luck replacing the MB. Its a custom build by Sony and they will charge you an arm and a leg for the parts and labor.So basically, now Im left with a fully functioning XL1B. Problem is....other computers do not recognize it as a DVD changer/recorder. It will connect, but it only sees 1 disc and one drive and the options are limited. VERY LAME!Id have loved to keep using it with my other computers for various projects, but sadly it has just been sitting there for years now because I refuse to pay sony to fix the main unit as I do not really need a media center PC anymore.Also, another thing to mention is this thing is LOUD!!! It used to scare my roommate from the other room when it would swap discs. Def got some base to it. lol4 stars for the unit itself, but 3 because it does not function properly without the XL1A.
I've had this 2Wire 1000HG for AT&T DSL for 5 years until it died. To be fair Im giving it 3 stars for surviving 5 years. It had an annoying buzzing sound a week earlier before breaking down. I encountered a lot of problems including the Wifi losing signal at least once or twice a month in all my wireless devices and Im unable to connect. So I had to pull the plug of the unit to reset it because it had no power switch. The problem still persisted from time to time. I thought changing my cordless phones to a Dect 6.0 would help but I still experienced the same issue. On occasion the modem would turn orange for days and Im unable to connect to the internet at all. So when it broke I had the option to buy the latest model from 2Wire or Actiontec.(the latest model 2wire supplied by AT&T appears to have horrible reviews too) so I would recommend getting an Actiontec.
It's a decent modem, but don't buy it for Wi-Fi use. I had the Wi-Fi power up to the max, and my laptop only picked up the signal when it was less than 2 feet from the device. I used this with a Linksys wireless router for a little while to get wireless internet. After a power surge, I couldn't get the 2Wire to work with the Linksys anymore. I just used the 2Wire and went without wireless internet until I broke down and bought another modem (Actiontec maybe) that works well with the Linksys router.
Fast shipping, but it came with no cords. I had to go to best buy and buy the cords. Other than that, the 2wire works good.
pretty good dries faster then the old compound but doesn't last as long. in tourney matches i have had to add liquid in the mid round to continue but not bad.
I found this and ordered it thinking it would work better than the tape I had been using.  And it did... for a few minutes.  Unfortunately it wears off very quickly.  Would have rated it higher if it had &#34;staying power&#34;.
This seems to be a Memory Stick PRO, not a PRO Duo. While a Duo can work using an adapter, the Memory Stick PRO will not fit in any device that uses only the PRO Duo.
Don't have a cd for drivers, its not compatible for most popular sottware that i use.no so cool
Warning --- Unlike most ATSC (HDTV) tuners this tuner (AMP0674 Cats Eye USB HDTV Tuner) comes with no software!  It can be run with the HDTV software built into Windows' Media Center Edition (MCE) computers, but meeting the requirements of MCE can be difficult.I have a relatively new Window's MCE computer, but I can't get it to run this tuner. Researching I found that (I know this is hard to believe!) Window's MCE will not run a (digital) ATSC tuner unless you already have an (analog) NTSC tuner installed. Well I have an NTSC tuner on my computer  (Hauppauge USB), but MCE doesn't see it. A search of the Hauppauge web site shows that only some of their models run under MCE and mine is not included. So (apparently) the MCE requirement is not only do you need an NTSC tuner, but you need an MCE approved NTSC tuner!If you shut down MCE (a techy thing to do), you can run this tuner on two expensive media packages: BeyondTV and SageTV.  Both offer their software on a trial basis. With BeyondTV software I get about 22 channels in a suburb of Boston and a beautiful picture. The response of the BeyondTV software is, however, sluggish.After I bought the Vbox bare tuner for $80 from Amazon, I found that this same tuner is also sold by Amazon with bundled software (scaled down version of BeyondTV) and a remote control for $[...], or $[...] more.I emailed Vbox and they provided the link below where you can buy what appears to be  the version of BeyondTV they bundle. I bought it and with shipping & handling it came to $[...]. But note this is software only, no remote, so clearly the bundled package available on Amazon is the best deal.[...]
So far the mouse functions, but the drivers included aren't working, can't program the buttons, and the company's website won't come up.  Fortunately the DPI settings don't require drivers.  I'd say you're better off with a Logitech or Razer for 10 bucks more.
The picture shows two keys however the actual product received only has one key. What if i lost the key and cant open the lock? The lock itself works well though that's why I'm giving it 3 stars.
I bought this computer and used it with my business for a while.  It performed and still performs fasntastically if you modify it.  As others stated, the battery performance is horrible.  Plugged into power, it operates fast and efficiently.  I do not use the keypad though, I added a Logitech DiNovo keyboard and a Logitech marble mouse.  When I had to add other USB devices because of the business use, I added the panel that allows up to 4 additional devices.  The Sony handled this extra software working all at the same time with ease.  With long hours, the screen is indeed very easy on the eyes.Just recently, however, after 3 years of use, the vertical lines are appearing.  First one on the right side and then one on the left.  It does not show on a white background though.  This is disappointing to me because I like to watch movies on the notebook from Netflix's instant play feature.  I will live with it for a while before I research repairs.  I would hate to be without this computer because it is so good at speed and multitasking.However, having been through other hardware venders, like Dell and HP, I would still buy a Sony because the Dell was excruciatingly slow with a fan motor that sounds like a jet.  I hate to turn it on.  The HP spent more time at my tech's office than working with a lot of useless garbage software and continuous marketing ploys and invasions once connected to the internet.  Also no recovery CD at sale, though would sell me one for a ridiculous amount of money.
It saves plenty of photos and music to my phone but when I try to but the mini in the adapter to put in my laptop it doesn't work and is locked no matter what I set the tab too.
I ordered this card based on the reviews and since the previous reviews were not quite accurate, I am posting this one. The item listing claims 150X High Speed. However, compared to my A-Data 150X card this one is much slower. It is faster than my Kingston "normal" speed card but it is not 150X, more like 50X in my opinion. A 50X card is fine but I wanted 150X to reduce the time between pictures on my Canon A 640. When I replace this one, I will get another A-Data 150X SD card.If you want 150 X, this is not the card to buy.
The card is a good one due to the large amount of space.  For the price, it's really hard to beat.  The downside though is that the card will not play in my pc.  I bought it for my pda, but wanted the ease of being able to transfer data to my pc without cables or anything else.  Found out that I couldn't do it, but am still happy with the purchase.  Just be wary of the device your buying it for and have an alternate way of getting the data back to your lap/desktop.
My dog LOVES her squirrels. Her first one was a gift, and was like the one pictured above, in this listing. But, when we ordered her a new one, we realized the "PLUSH" squirrel is not the same as in the picture. It is filled with stuffing, and some of the fabric is different. She still really likes it, but my complaint is that it is not as easy to clean off, and if it gets left in the yard, it is not waterproof and gets waterlogged.I would still recommend it, but I prefer the non-plush squirrel.UPDATE April 15, 2009They have now changed the picture in this listing. The picture shown IS the plush flying squirrel and is accurate.UPDATE Nov 11, 2010I don't know WHY they keep changing the picture in this description, but once again, this picture is showing the WRONG product.
While this computer is super fast buyer beware!!!  it SAYS you get 250 gig HHD!! but you DON'T!! its only 222 GB and I KNOW windows does NOT take up 28 gigs of space!!  I am VERY unhappy with this seller, I don't suggest trusting them!
Shows up as 3.77GB. As another "bargain card" comparison, my Transcend 4GB 120X card holds 3.86GB. Has absolutely no other info on the card other than that ink-jetted looking sticker on the bottom (as opposed to every other card out there with the info on top) with "4GB" on it.
Update, August 2007: Upgraded the RAM to the maximum allowed, 2GB. The results are clear. Without the extra memory, OSX's dynamic memory allocation technology slows down the laptop to an unacceptable level. With this extra memory, there's no more "spinning beach ball" wait while I toggle between applications or quit them. The cost of this upgrade also confirms my earlier recommendation: if you can, have the extra memory preconfigured by Apple; don't wait to install more RAM in the aftermarket. I paid about $1,000 for the laptop in its basic configuration, and later another $400 for the extra RAM and installation at retail.Net net, with 2GB RAM the Macbook operates at average speed (slower than a PC though). The lack of a dedicated graphics processor creates a noticeable lag in visual information (webpages, etc.) -- a limitation that even extra RAM cannot compensate for. For a few hundred dollars more I could've bought a Macbook Pro.Original review:As a loyal Mac user since 1993, I never thought I'd be writing a negative review of an Apple laptop ... I'll try to be as fair as possible.The new Intel Macbooks are designed for entry-level, light users like students, whose simple needs are easily satisfied by Apple's preloaded, OSX-native software like Safari, Mail, iTunes or iPhoto.But if you're even a mid-level user and you depend on 3rd party software, you'll probably find the entry-level Macbooks unacceptably slow. As some reviewers have noted, merely toggling between applications will cause endless waits while the pointer turns into a spinning beachball. Believe me, you'll literally be yelling in frustration at your Macbook.There are several causes; some you can fix. Read on.First, the out-of-the-box RAM configuration is inadequate in entry level Macbooks. If you order a laptop from the Apple website, it's surprisingly cheap to have Apple preload extra memory for you. Conversely, it's painfully expensive to have the Apple retail stores add memory in the aftermarket. Compare prices, you'll see what I mean.Second, if your computing is even slightly graphics-intensive, know that entry level MacBooks don't have a dedicated graphics processor. Also, if you print a lot, you'll find that printing tasks make the MacBook run slowly and overheat immediately.Third, if you really need to run software that is not yet "Mac Intel" optimized, most notably Microsoft Office, beware of the entry level Macbooks. The current version of Office is outdated, it was designed for the old PowerPCs and therefore is *very* memory-inefficient when running on the Mac's new Intel architecture. To run the current version of Office for the Mac with even a modicum of speed, it's better if you can buy the faster and more expensive Apple laptops (although even they run MS Office slower than old PCs).Fourth, if you must run Microsoft Office on OSX, there are some tricks worth knowing. Set the Microsoft AutoUpdater to run only manually, otherwise it'll hover in the background and hog massive amounts of memory. Also, in Entourage (email), turn off Notifications, which is memory-hogging task reminder bloatware. And in Entourage General Preferences, disable the Spotlight inclusion, disable all alerts, and disable all the Linking and Matching options. You'll be amazed at the speed difference.Fifth, Apple has larded OSX with all sorts of cute, useless features that drastically slow down performance. An example is Spotlight, which turns out to be far less practical than the Find command. If you streamline your OSX you'll notice a marked improvement in speed. Here's my suggestion list (surf the Web to find out how): Disable dashboard. Disable spotlight completely. Disable all login items. Where possible, download freeware and shareware to handle the disabling; if you have to use the Terminal application, be very careful, type precisely without even one spelling mistake, or you can mess up your laptop.It's too bad Apple released an underdeveloped product. I had to discover all these solutions the hard way. Learn from my experience, and spare yourself some of the frustration.
A couple of widely reported problems bring down the rating of what would otherwise be a fine computer.  First, for reasons impossible to fathom, Apple released this model with a sharp edge around the case, so that if you rest your palm on the edge when using the trackpad and button, it literally causes pain after a few minutes.  It doesn't affect me when I'm typing, but is really irritating when using a browser, when normally my hand would rest near the trackpad for long stretches.  Second, the fan seems to run 100% of the time, or close to it, producing an annoying sound if you are in a quiet environment, and reducing battery time.
1. the edge is jagged, sharp and unrounded. It cuts my wrist especially when I type on the macbook on my knees.2. CPU is easy to be heated. As long as my cpu usage is more 30%, the fan will reach 6000 rpm within 20 seconds
Overall good product, just gotta press hard on the track pad, which is not a big deal. Works real good though! pretty quick
My 10 year old granddaughter liked the "Milky Time design graphic on the cover.  The was done by the artist Simone Legno of tokidoki.  She worked hard to get the clear skin over the nano and them struggled with the "Milky Time" skin but did get it on.  When she tried to move the center wheel of her nano it didn't work.  She pressed real hard and it would move but it was too much work.  She removed the outer "Milky Time" skin and continued to use the nano with just the clear skin on.  She did try it with just the designer skin but the nano was too loose inside and would fall out.  This was a bit of a disappointment for her.The skin is good protection for the nano.  I liked her having a cover but the double thickness doesn't seem to allow for the use of the controls.  We all liked the idea but it seems to need just one layer and preferably with a design graphic to accomplish both appeal and function.  The design is great and I can see her wanting several iSkins with different graphics in the future.
The speed is excellent, but the bright lights make it inappropriate for a bedroom (where my cable modem is), and in the six months or so since I've had it, it has routinely stopped broadcasting and needed to be restarted, so even though it's relatively new, I'm going to have to buy a different one, probably from a different brand.
I never could get it to work, and I don't have time to mess with a used item that I didn't spend much on.  I didn't contact the seller, so I had to go down the middle with the stars to be fair.
I misunderstood the description, thinking that this would allow me to charge my phone from my laptop when I'm on the go.  This plug has a *pass-through* which allows you to plug in a Sony Ericsson AC adapter.  It does not allow you to charge the phone off of USB alone.If you want to do a data connection with your phone, however, this is perfect.
I see everyone else's issue of button sensitivity, but it isn't bothering me too much.  I'm a hard hitter on the keyboard, and it is something to take into consideration before buying this keyboard.  I touch type with ease, and my wpm is about usual, and hopefully I will get more used to it as this is my first day using the keyboard.  My only real complaint is the length of the wire that it came with.  I am uncertain if they make usb extender cables.  For older computers, like mine, they have included an adapter so the keyboard can go into the old style jack.  Be warned, though, that this is a bit of a compulsive buy unless you are a germophobe, a night owl, or your computer room now double functions as a baby's room.
its a lil hard to type but it serves its purpose, very portable, water proof and easy to put away.
I bought this device to replace my original Vonage router and was pleased to eliminate clutter from my desk by having a single router and phone device instead of a dedicated device for each.  It worked great for about 10 months and then just died unexpectedly.  I have not gone back to linksys to find out if they will replace it under warranty or not, but that's just too short a time to have a failure.  Lesson learned:  all in one isn't always best.  When the router went, I lost my phone and all my PC's lost internet connectivity.
I can't really give this item a review, It was out of stock and canceled by the vendor(according to them, by their contract with Amazon), they were quick to email me and explain it to me.
I'm sure this item is a fine product, however, don't order this from caimen. They try to cheat the USPS by shipping this using media mail, which in turn cheats the purchaser with slooooow delivery. It took about a month to receive this, by then I was sick of waiting and had already bought a different one. Then add extra $8 to ship it back to caimen using the LEGIT postal service not media mail, they got this back from me within 5 business days NOT a month.
Got this device a long time ago worked awesome when I got it came with a speaker mouth piece since then have got a new computer has been difficult trying to get it to work on the new computer
This processor works ok,  I will be updating in the near future to a pentium i5 or i7 second gen.
it got to me on time, but i wasn't aware that it only could be used on certain games
This cooling pan works great. The only problem is the open back which caused deep scratches on my furniture before I realized it.The wiring pulled loose after a few months and we have had to tape back together.  Would be great if they could fix those items.
The finger trackball will probably work well for smaller hands. I wear a size 13 ring and wear extra large gloves.
I had to get a mouse that I could use to prevent RSI, and my right wrist has been aching for years. I've tried an ergo mouse (Evoluent) but mousing still bothers me.This mouse lets me use my left or right hand in a different way, reducing repetition (and therefore RSI).Its construction is fair. Problem 1 is the trackball: it's not optical, so the rollers don't sense every move.Problem 2 is the primary button: pressing it requires a pinching motion against the thumb...which is operating the trackball. That causes some clicks to jump, which can lead to broken keyboards, divorces, harsh language and scared cats, especially if you've got a paper or presentation due and nothing seems to be going right. Curiously, this is one piece of equipment that shouldn't be used with alcohol.Problem 3 is that it makes jumping between typing and mousing difficult, slow, deliberate, and unintuitive.If I were to improve this product I would design the button to register an unfelt trigger halfway through a click that prevents it from acknowledging trackball movement in anticipation of a "real" click. I would also update it to laser or at least optical tracking. Wireless would be kind of useful. Lastly, some way to integrate a scroll wheel would be spazztastic.I'm still using it though. The relief on my arm justifies it.
I have owned these for several years. Constantly cleaning the ball and it's contact wheels. I own about 12 broken ones. Later ones, the wire has gotten smaller and easier broken. I keep buying them because I love them. Please, Someone Build a better version and I will be the first to buy it. All I can say is buy as cheap as you can so you won't be as heartbroken when it quits. I am buying a new one today.
Pay Attention! The product picture shows null modem, but the product description say mini gender changer, my own fault for not reading everything, Another review even warned of this. I got what I ordered in a timely manner and it does change gender so I can't complain.
Bought this adapter as a device to be used possibly sometime in the future. Have not tried it (thus 3 stars) yet but price was very reasonable and construction appears to be very good.
Works but it feels really cheap, makes me question the safety but it works so I've been risking it if you don't wanna spend a lot this gets the job done.
It started out working good now it freezes up and does not record for me.  I am still using it though.
Dear all, I have Dell Axim 3. I am not good at this kind of stuff and would like to know if this one can use with my pocket pc Dell amix 3 as well.
__DO__ BUY THIS MOUSE __BUT__ (a warning to Mac users)...I am only posting this review in an attempt to save others from the hours of problems I have had... and since I think Amazon is one of the __very best__ internet 'stores' I would not like you to have to return the mouse as 'broken' simply because you can not make the MX Revolution work. Also I am rating this mouse with only 3 stars because I have wasted so much time getting it to work. The mouse deserves 4 1/2 stars but the software driver Logitech makes available deserves less than zero stars... consequently 3 stars. Logitech's software is __extremely__ limited, and __incredibly__ buggy. Do not take my word for it... read the reviews on Amazon's site about Logitech's software and go to Logitech's own forums and see all of the horrible things users have to say about the drivers.WARNING FOR MAC USERS!!! You CAN get this mouse to work beautifully BUT...In my hours of troubleshooting... ONLY if you are willing to purchase USB Overdrive will you be able to do this. I'm very serious and I have absolutely no business or financial relations with USB Overdrive &lt;[...]> (mouse driver).It is the ONLY driver that I have found that will reassign all but one of the buttons. (The 'Search' button on the top is not coded as a mouse so unless you use an app like ControllerMate that can NOT be used WITH USB Overdrive installed... you can kiss the top 'Search' button off... i.e. totally useless). And ControllerMate... though a great driver... will take you an afternoon to learn how to use it (no kidding... complex). USB Overdrive will even allow you to map the tilt-scroll wheel as buttons so you will have more 'buttons' on the top. LCC will not and SteerMouse will not... that is... you will believe that they did but the settings will not stick.I spent hours trying to get Logitech Control Center to work... don't waste your time. LCC is the proprietary software that comes with the mouse... oh... except for in the case of the Mac driver... it does not even come on the included CD... only the PC software does... Mac users have to go to the Logitech website and download LCC. No big deal if it worked... but it does not.Even SteerMouse's remapped button-commands do not stick and when a button is pushed it may or may not even be highlighted in SteerMouse's preference pane window. So unless you already know what button number SteerMouse will give your command... you will have to do a lot of trial-and-error (i.e. moving back-and-forth between the SteerMouse window and how it will affect the action you perform by clicking on something in the OS).I have owned a Logitech MX 1000 for years which has been an excellent mouse, but it is no longer available from Logitech and starts at around $150 on the internet. I am a professional digital artist &lt;[...]>. so I really do know my mice (as well as Wacom tablets). I say this so you will realize Logitech does make excellent mice though their drivers have always been pathetic (again... do a search of the reviews on Amazon and Logitech's own forum and you will see that I am not exaggerating).I hope this review saves purchasers AND Amazon nightmares and RMAs (Return Merchandise Authorizations).I don't recall ever posting a review before at Amazon so I hope the time I have taken to post this lengthy review helps.I would say 'Good Luck'... but if you follow my advice you will not need it.Enjoy!
I bought it to use on my PDA att the end works but well kind of complicated system and not that good specially on this new times i think was and old thing to get for my PDA i no longer used att all.
I do voiceover and recently upgraded my studio and wanted a new interface...I have owned/tried Tascam, M-Audio, and Focusrite as an interface from the channel strip I use as a pre-amp to the computer where I record on Adobe Audition.I followed a tip and got the E-MU1616m. I ripped the box open, installed it on my machine (Windows 7 64 bit) and started to record....and....HORRIBLE HORRID HEINOUS audio. I messed with the settings for a few hours on the unit and on my computer and nothing. I tried to contact customer support via phone and they don't take calls...only a voice telling you to email E-MU...So I emailed E-MU and the email I got back from E-MU told me to consult the manual and make sure the settings on Adobe Audition were correct. I did a little research and found people having problems running it on Windows 7 64 bit, so I decided to try to install it on an older computer running Vista...and it worked PERFECTLY!!!After my day and a half of misery I finally got it running on the other machine and I gotta say the thing is pretty sweet. No line noise compared to the M-Audio junk I was using. Since I only record voice latency isn't an issue and wasn't with my previous rig, but from what I hear for musicians it is "latent-less" or "latency free".I like the basic FX, EQ/Compression and like that I can store a session and recall it easily. As I mentioned I do voice over work and have had times when I have to read a corporate training script and then a rock radio imaging strip where the PD likes me to almost "yell"...which is not my cup of tea but he is the client so I will yell. With the E-MU I can toggle between sessions that I created worth different EQ/Comp that are suited for the different reads.Once you get past the hurdles of setting it up, I think it is a nice piece if gear.Customer service gets a -4 million star rating and the product itself gets a 4.
Have not got it too work yet, still trying
I wanted more distance than my current router gave.  This one is a good router, but doesn't give more distance for a wireless network setup.  The setup was easy to follow - great for the computer that is plugged into the router, not any different than my previous one for the other home computers on the network.
Small form factor and quieter than most media center computers.  Seems to do a reasonable job with pictures and audio.  The remote is a little sluggish and the interface is not pretty, but it works fine.I ran into a problem when I tried to use it to play AVI and MPEG files from my Sony cameras.  They would not play and in fact made the system unstable. Support was responsive but explaained that they do not support Sony's codec, so that I would have to transcode everything. Transcoded files work fine, but it not very convenient to add this additional step to the process.  I found no indication of this limitation in the documentation, so don't assume that files that play fine in Quicktime or Windows Media Player will work on the Mvix.
It is reliable notebook to use on the field but miss some features like TV-out, Bluetooth and Integrated microphone.
Worked well, shipped quickly, COMPLETELY died three months later - won't hold any charge whatsoever, has to be plugged in or turns off immediately.  Sad.  Got my money's worth, I suppose.
As an accessory, this is fabulous! As a mouse, well...it leaves something to be desired. For the most part, it works, but since it shuts itself off after a few moments (to save battery) you end up getting in the habit of clicking to make it go, which is a bad habit in the long run. Also, I found that it would shut itself off sometimes even when I was using it. Sometimes that led to clicking in places I really didn't want to click.The LED on the USB fob blinks whenever you use it, which can get annoying depending on its placement, and of course covering it up with electrical tape quite ruins the effect!In my case, the axle on the scroll wheel eventually snapped, and that was it for the mouse--I can't live without a scroll wheel any more. I took it apart to find that it was just cheap plastic. The mouse lasted me about three months.But it's pink, and it's Hello Kitty, and it's not particularly expensive, so whether or not to get it really depends on what your priorities are. If you're in it for the mouse, pass it up -- but if you're in it for the Kitty, go for it!
IF you believe me DO NOT buy computer with VISTA atleast for now. It's a junk. MicroSoft is testing their product. You and me paying for it. They are taking advantage since no body else is in the market. HP computer is okay but not with Vista. Another problem is HP support is very poor. They are not willing to help too. Now a days most of the store charge restoking fees. So it hard to return back to the store. Be careful. Do your home work before you buy any computer with VISTA.
I am a musician and a computer programmer.  I bought this PC when my old motherboard died.The computer itself is pretty nice.  It needs a lot more RAM though, because Vista is a system resource hog of doom.Which brings me to my big gripe about this computer.I like to record my original music using some multitracking hardware.  This machine should theoretically be more than sufficient to record music on (I remember using the same software and hardware with a 433MHz Celeron II running Windows 98 back in 1999), but somehow it doesn't even like to record a single track, let alone multiple simultaneous tracks.  To make matters worse, my very expensive 10-track rack-mount sound card will not be supported on Vista (that's Echo's fault, not HP or Microsoft's fault).  And to top it all off, Vista has this thing called Digital Rights Management which appears to be muting my record device when I try to hook up my mixer to the microphone or the line-in.  I fiddled around in the control panel for a couple of hours before giving up.Also, I can't write a new device driver for the unsupported hardware because Vista requires certificates for drivers to work.If you make music, avoid Vista.  If yo uare a gamer, only buy Vista if you require the latest DirectX.  Windows XP is way better.
I got this for $709. For that price a real good deal. Problem with all the bloatware installed. Once you get rid of all the junk not a bad machine at all.
Machine lacks additional bay to add additional internal hard drive, the power supply is only 300 watts which means if you want to add anything you need to swap out the power supply.  So make sure the machine has everything you need as this is not a machine that will allow you to grow it.One comment - had to call HP support - they were VERY GOOD.
I admit, I've been spoiled for the last couple years by my HP Media Center PC (XP), model number m1070n.  It's an electronics nerd's dream come true.  It's got all kinds of inputs and outputs for RCA plugs and every other plug you could ever imagine.  It even has USB receptacles for computer geeks.  It does just about anything pertaining to movies, music, and photography.  When I first received it, I was as happy as the time I got my first reel-to-reel (mono) tape deck back in 1965!So, when I wanted an additional computer, I did some on-line researching and discovered the A1700n.  It sounded like a great deal:  Does everything my HP Media Center does, and at a great price.  And, it's that new Windows Vista everyone's talking about.  So I bought an A1700n and a new printer.I figured that Vista was just XP done better.  Boy was I wrong.  Vista is difficult for me to figure out.  It seems unnecessarily complicated.  And it doesn't come with an instruction book.  It's sort of like placing XP into a 1964 Rambler, smashing it at 70 miles per hour into a brick wall, pouring the contents out into a new computer carcass, and calling it Vista.Not a one of my three printers and two scanners are compatible with Vista.As a matter of fact, the new printer I bought when I obtained the A1700n disabled the DVD/CD drive.  So, I had to do the recovery process on the A1700n almost immediately after taking it out of the box.  Now all of my printers and scanners are rigged up to, you guessed it, my good ol' HP Media Center XP PC.Additionally I was told at my local computer store, that they have no software or equipment in yet that is compatible with Vista, with the exception of some income tax software, --maybe.As for all the A1700n's bells and whistles, let me say this.  Almost every "feature" included with it (except for Windows Media Player) is just a minimal "taste test" version, with an offering of a download enhancement available for a fee.Additionally, forget trying to hook up your old VCR or camcorder to the A1700n.  There are no RCA jacks for doing so.  You can only transfer video from a digital video camera by use of a firewire or USB port.  It is suggested that old VCRs can be routed through some digital camcorders, which in turn are connected to the A1700n.  That's "some" digital camcorders.I strongly suggest that anyone who may be interested in the A1700n (or Vista for that matter) go check it out at his or her local computer store before making a purchase.Thank you for reading this, and have a good day.
From an "interface" standpoint, the product works as advertised. From a "usability" standpoint, it's just too big and heavy and must be supported from below to prevent it from tearing the HDMI port out of the laptop. If you're using this in a vertical connection (e.g., if the adapter is needed at the monitor), it will probably be fine -- although it's heavy enough that it may fall out easily. If you need the adapter at your laptop/PC, you're better off buying an HDMI cable with a DVI-D Male to HDMI Female adaptor.
Good deal, but was a little damaged due to shipping in a bubble pack envelope,
WE got the item it was as described, only complaint is that it is a little thin and ripped during the intital application to the remote...  best thought for this product is put it on and LEAVE it on!  It is not durable enough to take on and off multiple times!
decent machine worked for a year and a half then od'. Motherboard just went bad and couldn't get to repair. but still over all a good buy
Could have been made a little better. Its OK but a bit cheaply made .Especially the handle was poor quality.
I was disappointed in the quality, cheap hardware, and after only a month the lid doesn't fit right any more. Wouldn't buy it again.
Great for my Laptop however doesn't last that long...cheaply made. The locks are cheap and the construction is not good, but I bought another one because I could not find any better., Treat it with some gentle care and it will serve you well...I'll let you all know how long this one lasts...hard to find a case that will accommodate a 17 inch computer
Right latch sometimes sticks but besides that it is good. Plenty of room for your iPad or laptop  plus more!
Cheaply made but serves the purpose. The hinges are a little crooked and I the liner is becoming loose. Holds my xps12  laptop, Ipad, and paperwork securely.
The kit is NOT for DS Lite. One protector is too small for the bottom screen the other too big for the top screen. Switching them around does not make them fit either. :)
As I have progressed from b to g to n routers, the adapters have changed as well. If you have XP or Vista, this is a terrific adapter with great speed and capability over the length of a home and outside. For those operating systems, it is a terrific piece of hardware and worth the price. Very easy to install. I "assumed" it would work with Windows 7 which I recently converted to. It works with 7 but really screws up the way the computer works. It takes about 15 minutes to reboot (like with an antiviral update) and the problem is resolved immediately with removal of this device from the USB slot. The Linksys website lists NO N router adapter that is USB and compatible with windows 7. I suspect there will be such an animal but it does not exist on this day. That is a tragedy and it is inexcusable.
this is what it advertises itself to be, an 802.11g modem/router/wireless. that's a wireless speed of 54 mega bit per second. that's really only 24 mega bits per second tops and the further away you get from the access point/modem/router the slower the speed.  further away also means if the signal is going through the walls or floor of your house.2WIRE 2700HG ADSL DSL MODEM WIRELESS G ROUTER FIREWALL
I bought the Sony CDX-GT610UI when my favorite stereo of all time, the CDX-5705X, stopped working after three years.  I was so excited to get a stereo with a USB port.  What I didn't realize was that the 610UI doesn't come with a loudness control so there is very little bass or accentuated highs.According to Sony documentation, "Loudness: When the Loudness function is activated, the receiver gives a +9dB boost at 100Hz and a +5dB boost at 10kHz."I'm so disappointed by Sony's decision to remove that feature that I'm leaning toward replacing the unit.  The sound quality was far superior in the older model than the current one.  I've done everything to bring out the bass such as turning on the low pass filter and setting the three band equalizer to high on the low and high range while reducing the mid.  That reminds me, whatever happened to the seven band equalizer that was in my former stereo?I would have been willing to pay more but I have a rule where I don't buy a stereo which has a motorized faceplate so as to reduce the moving parts.  That's why I bought the stereo with a USB port.Apart from those two items, the stereo performs but since the sound quality is so inferior, I struggle to give it much of a positive review.
I bought this unit after reading many reviews on this website and on others. The price was right for what I wanted - an ipod ready stereo to replace my stock radio/5 cd changer in my honda. Circuit City installed the unit, and for about a week I used the stereo. My main complaint was most of the radio stations had problems with static most of the time. Stations I could get 40 miles away from town were now full of static as I drove around town. I went back to CC and they made sure everything was hooked up right, but I wasn't satisfied with the quality of the Sony. I replaced the Sony with a Pioneer DEH-P3900MP (which they told me had a better reciever) for about the same price. The guys there were great, but the Sony was a disappointment. I have had the Pioneer for a few days now, and am much more satisfied.
The gt610ui has everything:  aux-in, ipod, usb,  cd changer input.  The controls are super easy to use.Some annoyances such as the Sony logo reflecting sun light, and two buttons being too bright at night can be easily fixed with black marker.However, the unit beeps when turned off, to remind detaching the face plate.  It is super annoying, and cannot be disabled.
works fairly, range okay,  drops signals, shipped okay, not very steady keeping connected, that's all a a a a a
conversation piece that works fine but it eats batteries very quickly .... I started taking the batteries out every day but they still are used up in less that a week ..............
This mouse functioning normaly and I have no complains about this.Few things you should know if you are going to purchase this item:1) It is not real copy of TVR Tuscan even it carries the oficial TVR logo. Front lights, proportions etc.2) Not only the rims but tyres are all in chrome colour and generaly it looks as a cheap toy that was coming as bonus in pack of chips....(shame TVR)3) The left & right buttons are on both side of the scroll wheel and not all the way in front, so it is NOT COMFORTABLE for operation (poor argonomy).My favorite TVR is Tuscan, but I was really dispointed how this one looks in real.
I got my mouse a few days ago. So far it works pretty well. I gave it 3 stars because it is not better or worse than I expected. Sometimes the arrow dances around on the screen, but only for about 2 seconds, nothing life-altering. One other small fault is that when I turn the blue headlights on, only the left headlight turns blue and the rest is just the red light. Again, not life-altering. It's cute and it works mostly efficiently so I would recommend it to most. I would not recommend it to gamers or other people who need precision.
This is a nice keyboard its very comfortable but it does have it problems... The keyboard cant go very far from the reciever... Its not the only one I have had do this... So I am guessing thats why the cords are so long... So they can reach farther... Sadly when I recieved the item the mouse didnt work and acted as if it had ben in water... Dont know what that is all about... But first off i ordered this needing a new keyboard not a mouse so its okay that it didnt work thought the mouse feels very sturdy  and very comfortable, I almost wished it did  work but I dont have the time to wait for a new keyboard in the mail all over again and UPS SUCKS!!! I just barely received it today and was supposed to get here monday but they sent it to the wrong place!  Anyways above all its a very nice keyboard and I am guessing that its just one needle in a stack of hay...  But still I give it 3 stars for showing up with a mouse that doesnt work... oh and the zoom key doesnt work for it even after finding the driver for it!
First one broke in less than aweek. Letter &#34;N&#34; was the problem. Replaced and new one is working fine so far.
This is a very cute keyboard and it works great.  My three stars are because it has a soft touch and I prefer a quick clicky touch.  I'm giving it away as a gift, but I'm sad to see it go because I LOVE the way it looks, it was exactly what I was looking for.
I bought this unit in December '06 b/c Walmart was practically giving them away for $550. I thought the 3ghz pentium would be a big improvemnt over my homebuilt system with an overclocked AMD 1ghz chip, but I was wrong. Performance is about the same. It's an Emachine not an Alienware PC so I don't know what everyone is expecting to get for so little.It's got a lot of features for the money though. Only issue I've had is the CPU fan went out a couple weeks ago, but that was a $10 fix doing it myself. Definitely needs more memory, but other than that it's a solid performer.
Want to add a little realistic fun to your Wii sports games? Then this product, at a reasonable price, is that product. They don't really do anything extra; but they do fit over your Wii controller and help you imagine that you are using the real thing. I have had it for a month and it has held up so far.
These are good for kids, not so much with adults.  They are kind of awkward and dont really help you play at all.  Again, great for kids though.
If you look at the side view of the case, you will see that the case outlines each input jack/hole. However, most computer locks need to fit flush against the computer before turning to lock. If you look at other comparable cases, they just have the entire side panel of inputs cut out on the case. With this case, you cannot lock your computer. I ended up spending a few days actually melting away the case so I could lock my computer. Otherwise, it's nice.
I bought my mom this relatively high quality speaker system so she could listen to music with her PC. I chose Altec Lansing because I have an AL speaker set on my PC which I have had for more than a decade and have been happy with.Unfortunately on this unit (unlike mine) they put a separate power switch on the subwoofer, instead of on one of the tweeters (as with mine). This means you have to crawl around under your PC desk to turn the s.o.b. on and off.
On the one hand, I feel like I can't complain because of the price. On the other hand, the person who mentioned tinny, annoying treble, was right. Also right about having to adjust the sound for every song. I wanted these for my mp3 player. Not a good choice- and don't plan on playing them loud. They don't just don't go there. If you like to get blasted out of the room with volume, it ain't gonna happen. On loudness capability, I'd rate 'em about a 1. At a moderate volume, I suppose they're acceptable, but not great. I'm tempted to send them back, but for the price I paid, it probably wouldn't be worth it.
24.88 at Wal-Mart, can't beat that, and they're a definite improvement over my laptop's built-in pair... but it's all treble with this set! Straight out of the box, this set sounds like a Walkman from 1980, even after turning the bass all the way up, and the treble all the way down! After resorting to a third-party graphic equalizer utility, I was able to get response out of the subwoofer. Shoulda spent a few more bucks, my last set, made by, of all people, GE, was much, much more dynamic! 5 stars for the price, -2 for the lack of bass.
I purchased a set of Lansing before and they were amazing. So, I thought in buying an upgrade, I would get the same brand. Unfortunately, these did not do my old ones any justice. The louder you go, the fuzzier the quality. I'm a musician and to not hear all of the details because of the static was a true disappointment. However, they are not bad speakers for general listening. If you needed a quick buy for cheap, these are the ones for you.
The briefcase is nicelooking piece, but the available space inside is too tight for regular load such as laptop, and files; not leaving much space for something else.
The HP 20x is a low price external drive that works great as a CD/DVD burner.  The Light-Scribe on the other hand was a let down.  To get the Light-Scribe to work I had to download an updated driver from Light-Scribe's website.  I had to set the program to burn at Top Quality and the darkest setting but, still you can barely see the images.  I can burn 3 CD's in the time it takes to make one Light-Scribe label.It is still a cheap answer to CD labels just not a quality answer.
I purchased this product because I want to copy the e-cards I made from my PC to DVD. It really copied well, I had a few done and given it to friends but, now it's not copying anymore it ejects the DVD without finalizing it. I don't know what's the problem, I guess I have to return it and get another brand or get a new one. Suggestion: try the product right away so you can see if there are any defects.
The case is plastic but it works great. AVOID NERO!!!!! I got a trojan from their updates! (Spywareguard 2009) Its only a trial anyways and it lasts 30 days. Roxio is a little better but not as easy to use.
I got the PC-65 Plus II to replace a first generation PC65USb case.  One of the reasons I got this case was for the redesigned cooling configuration and the high quality and thought put into the old case.My configuration consists of the following components: Asus Rampage Formula, Corsair Dominator DDR2 (with fan array), Western Digital SATA2 hard drive, Intel E8500, BFG 9800 GX2 video, Ultra X3 800w PSU and a LiteOn DVD burner, Arctic Cooling Freezer 7 heatsink & floppy drive.Installation of the motherboard was easy thanks to the slide-out mobo tray.  The only complaint I had in this area was the case did not come with motherboard mounting screws.  Luckily I had some on hand.  The motherboard fit quite well, taking up pretty much all of the mobo tray space.There are a couple of "gotchas" with this case.  First, the 9800GX2 or GTX 280 vid cards will be so long that they will interfere with the drive cage which must be removed.  You will have to mount your hard drive(s) in the 5.25" bay, which may be preferable anyway since they would be horizontally mounted.  I used a Zalman heatpipe drive mount for this.  Second, the fan in the top blowhole must be removed for most of the latest high power PSUs.  The Ultra X3 was about 0.5 inches too long and overlaps the blowhole.  Most >500W PSU's these days are longer than their predecessors so please measure before you buy.  I am currently experimenting with using an 80mm to 40mm fan adapter to at least get some air out of that blowhole.The metal guard that directs CPU airflow is too small to allow most aftermarket heatsinks like the Freezer Pro 7.  Another gotcha is the side panel fan aligns directly with the 9800 GX2's fan and the GX2's fan is much more powerful to the point of disabling the Lian Li fan under load.Another complaint is the fans in the case (Lian Li fans) are kind of noisy at 35db each.  You can get aftermarket SilenX fans that run much more air through the case (higher CFM) and they operate at 14dB or less at full RPM.If you want a clean look, you'll need to invest in some optional upgrades.  You will need Lian Li drive bay covers that cover the optical drives.  You might also want a Lian Li TR-5A 5.25" bay thermal fan control and a Lian Li card reader to fit in one of the the 3.5" bays.  You might as well also get a flopy drive bezel.  All of these little things add up to make this a much more expensive case.Cons aside, I was able to get everything in this case without resorting to the Dremel or blueprints.  My setup runs at about 40C in the case (using stock fans).  Upgraded fans brought this down to 38C.  The exhaust fan does put out some serious heat but my components all run fairly cool.I give this case 4 stars for several reasons.  First, it would be a great case for middle of the road components - stock systems with average gear.  Second, it is built really well and is well-thought out and sturdy.  I dock one star because of all the extras you need to buy to get the case looking nice.  I dock another star because it is not really compatible with modern high end components.  Look elsewhere if you have high end components that need room to breathe.  Get this case if you have an average system that needs a really well built case.As far as features, the only thing to report is the front panel which has 2 USB ports and a firewire port as well as audio and mic ports.  The first gen model had 4 USB ports.  I could do without the firewire up front and just have 3 USB and the audio ports.  Otherwise this thing is completely bare bones.Final word: the aluminum used in this case is slightly thinner than my first generation Lian Li case.  I would have to say that this case is probably one notch down in quality from what Lian Li used to build.
I was able to get these to work just fine, but I realized I had to be careful when tightening these mounts.  The head on them is not wide enough, and can easily slip through the fan screw hole if you don't stop pulling soon enough.  There are two notches that the fan will rest &#34;in&#34; when it is fully tightened.  For my fan, I used the second notch to make it as tight as possible, as the fans being mounted were top exhaust fans.  I used these on a corsair sp120 and two antec truequiet fans.  Overall, they work as they should!
I got the Westell modem in the mail and went to plug it in. The light started to light up and I thought that it was going to work. I then saw that the modem had a "Important" sticker on the front right over the brand name. Or so I thought it was the brand name. Turned out to be a Verizon modem. There was nothing in the description that mentioned that it was a Verizon modem. I have CenturyTel as my DSL company and the modem did not work at first. I spent 3-4 days searching for an answer to deactivate the Verizon features. I finally found a forum that had a solution that I was looking for. The solution is below for those with the same problem. You will also have to go into the settings of the modem, under WAN configuration or "VC" configuration. You will see settings for "VPI and VCI", change the VPI to 8 and the VCI to 35, and you should be good to go. After I did that everything worked just fine and I was able to get on the internet. If the seller had put in the description that it was a Verizon modem and not a generic one, the rating would have been higher.1. Go to 192.168.1.1/verizon/redirect.htm2. Log in : admin, password : password3. Click on "disable".
For as long as I have ben using the internet (BellSouth/AT&T) in the south east, I have been using a Westell modem router of one kind or another.  This modem-router has been very reliable.  The first one I had just died after seven years and it was used when I got it back in 2004.  I have since acquired a second one and it works perfectly.  The setup interface is easy enough to access, it can be quiclky reset to factory default and then configured for operation again.  It also features "Bridged Ethernet" for use with a wireless router, it can be left as is for use with a wireless access point, or can be used with a simple Ethernet switch for multiple computers.  It has a USB port as well as the Ethernet port.
I bought this because the Microsoft equivilant was discontinued.It took a long time to get the hang of the joystick/mouse and it really should be easier than it is. I've tweaked Windows' mouse settings and that's helped.For sitting on the couch with this on your lap controlling a PC across the room, it's a good buy.
my PSP slim doesn's snap into place, it will fold togeather if you push too hard. if it was heald down a little tighter it wouldn't move. It would be perfect with the fat model. It is comfortable to hold, and i am going to find a way to lock my PSP down better. if it adjusted to fit my slim i would have given it five stars.
So far this reader has worked flawlessly for me. It has two slots on the side of its body for insterting cards, one for regularly sized, and one for mini.The cap for the connector pops on and off,most likely something I'll lose. Because of my computer's design, I can barely insert the reader in the USB connector on the front. The card projecting from the side hits the hinged door covering the connector slots. This may not be a problem for most other computers with different designs.
I purchased this camera exclusively for underwater photography. The Olympus underwater housing is a really good size and all controls are accessible.I think the camera takes a decent photo, and the flash is quite acceptable. I am a little disappointed in the shutter lag, though. There's a rather lengthy pause between pushing the shutter button and the actual shutter actuation. I know that there's a lot happening in the camera during that time, but you have to hold the camera really still so that you don't end up with a blurry picture. I wish it was a faster process.
The Spectec Card work on my ETEN M500. Because I own an Apple Powerbook I could not use the Windows driver CD. Then I downloaded the wlan11g206.cab driver from spectec website, install directly on the handheld. In my area, beside my hot spot, there are some other hot spots for domestic use which the Spectec board detects if underpowered. After selecting the network chosen, whatever it is mine or an external from among those available, the connection is unstable, also remained steady at the point of greatest reception. I do not know with certainty what might be dependent. Perhaps the small size antenna integrated into the card. In any case, the navigation seems relatively fast and I tried to see which sites are loaded correctly including images, within the limits of performance of Internet Explorer version 2005 for PocketPC. A side effect of the presence of the card and the unstable connection, the increased speed with which them discharging the battery in my PDA. This effect is fair and predictable. The activation of a wi-fi card on a handheld is a further source of energy similar to the activation bluetooth interface.
for the price its not bad but you get what you pay for with this.
I hoped this antennae would possibly pick up more networks (to demonstrate its ability) but all it really does is improve on existing ones. For example, now, instead of sitting on the porch to pick up my neighbor's connection I can do it sitting inside, about 10ft away with a better signal (3 bars instead of 2 or 1). It does improve signals so I can't really complain. The antennae base protrudes about 3 or 4 inches from the USB port, with a poseable antennae that's about 5 inches long. So it's a bit awkward at times as it juts out and could easily be broken or knocked out if someone careless were to walk past. Other than that, not bad for the money.
i bought it for my husband for his work computer and i thought i got the size right be he said it didnt fit well at all and so we have it stored in our computer room trying to figure out what to do with it.
The fasteners really don't do a good job of holding down the screen.  The screen itself is slightly, just barely but slightly too big for my IBM T61 laptop, meaning that instead of sitting inside the screen frame and looking flush, it's got to be outside of it and therefore doesn't quite look good or stay on well either.  It falls off. Just a bit better sizing would've made it perfect, but I've stopped using mine.
While from an angle it does muffle the view, it does not black it out like other products.
The headphones were inexpensive. i ordered 3. On one of the earphones i can only have audio from the left side. weird. They are made from cheap material. It seems only one earphone works. besides that they get the job done.
I bought this for my PSP so that I can use it as a mp3 player.  I wanted the remote option because the PSP is a bit big for a pant pocket and also a bit big to take in and out of your pocket.  The remote works OK, the buttons feel a bit cheap and if you are not careful it will go back in a song when you are trying to go forward or skip songs when you are trying to fast forward or rewind.  THe unit has PSP logos on it and seems like its a genuine sony product but when you use it you feel the cheapness in the plastic and buttons and know that it is not.The headphones sound ok.  I am using my pair of sony headphones that i have had from before.People are complaining about the length of the cord but i like it because you can put the psp in your back pack and still have enough cord to move around comfortablyOverall for $5 bucks you cant lose I am just giving a nitpickers review but $5 dollars and fully functioning you may give it a shot :)
It works decent enough and my Intel Core i5-3570K Ivy Bridge 3.4GHz doesn't burn up while overclocked to up to 4Ghz coupled with my Cool Master Hyper 212 Plus.
Found out the hard way this drive is totally useless without the "80 wire" IDE cable alluded to in the system requirements. Cable is not included, so make sure you have one of the newer 80-wire IDE cables which will have blue, gray and black colored plastic connectors. Documentation and web site info for this product is sparse to the point of effectively nonexistent.  Drive works okay now that I searched around on my own for a while and figured out the cable problem. Lack of attention and shortsighted cheapness like this on the company's part must create a lot of frustrated customers and unnecessary returns.
Its good at what it does basically plays avi,jpeg,mp3 files. It sports a basic not too fancy menu/file manager,actually the outside case looks better.I would suggest using it for your media storage,or for portability. As for your downloaded content in another format it would help converting the video format though obviously you may lose video quality. Also some ideal improvements to add to this player would be a bluetooth transmitter and Gold-Plated shielded A/V cables. btw you can also store other files on here that you would usually store on an external drive, they just wouldn't show up under the menu.
I have ordered these lamb treats for my Yorkies before. It's their favorite treat. In fact, it's the ONLY dog treat they will eat.  The product is great...it's 100% natural dried lamb.  Usually, this is a great item. However, this time 2 of the 3 bags that I ordered were extremely dry. When I looked at the expiration date, they were expired.  I love the product but was disappointed that they were not as fresh as I usually get them.
This works as it should, and yet I think they made it pretty cheaply, the plastic can crack easily and here and there, one of the port holes is not working but mostly they do work, its great for helping extend spaces due to  your laptop's lack of enough usb ports.
I never got it working, I live in Ireland & i brought it back from the USA, i never got it working, anyway I feel its obselate now.Thank you.Sean
I bought this 9 Cell Battery from Amazon about a year ago. It gave 8-9 hours of service before a charge was needed on my Acer Aspire-one net-book. After a few months it has dwindled in service capacity to about 3 hrs but has not failed completely yet. I am still using it and would probably buy another one. I like the way it tilts the computer up a little in the back and gives a good angle for the key board.
This is one of three usb sound cards I got for my laptop after a motherboard problem killed all the audio on my laptop. This card give the laptop a second chance, as it helped return audio to my laptop. The audio this device is on par to what my entertainment PC used to output, giving good sound performance for its price. The set up for this device is easy, with no drivers needed to be installed in almost all cases (I'm not sure about non-Windows Operating Systems). Also because it's a usb device, most computers can use it.However, even though this works well this product looks and feels cheap. It actually feels like the plastic is thin and could break in your hand if you squeeze it. Additionally because it will stick out the usb port, you could easily hit and damage it. I would recommend the "7.1 Channel USB External Sound Card Audio Adapter" that is sold on this website instead of this one because of durability issues (the links are below, they are the same product sold at two different prices).7.1 Channel USB External Sound Card Audio Adapter7.1 Channel USB External Sound Card Audio Adapter
People look at me funny when I criticize the durability of usb dongles as hard as I do.They should be built to last.  I have washed some dongles in my jeans and found them later in my laundry and they still worked fine.If you step on this unit, the plastic shell casing will break off, but the innards will last about 3 more months in a humid climate.I'm obviously hard on my gear, this unit lasted longer than i expected it to but does not pass the Spango test.  I killed it and never bought another one.
This item was okay but the USB connector was weak. It did as it discribed. Don't know if it was real &#34;5.1 Channel 3D&#34;. We bought this because our Audio Jack was broke. Recommend? No.
This keyboard works just fine for my purposes but by no means is a gaming wireless keyboard.  The mouse toggle controller is slow.  Placement of the receiver is key in order for your computer to pick up your keystrokes. Not the best but then I didn't pay much for it either.
I used this for a trip to Italy and it worked well until thelast few days of my trip.  Don't get this unless you useWindows on your computer because it wouldn't show up onmy Mac unless I used Bootcamp and down loaded the imagesthat way.It did scramble some of my images, but I was able to sort them out.I think there is a newer version of this. Great idea, but get the newversion.
This isn't really a product I'd recommend if you're simply looking to go wireless to replace your current keyboard and mouse.  There's a definite lag in response time with the mouse and even more with the keyboard.  It can get a little frustrating if you're trying to play something like a pinball game that requires quick reflex responses, or typing something that requires you stop and think about what you want to say every couple of minutes.  I find that, after about a twenty second break, I have to hit the spacebar a couple of times just to get the bluetooth dongle to recognize the keyboard again.  On the plus side, it is completely wireless, without the need to have a wired receiver plugged into a USB port, and, since it's bluetooth, you can use the keyboard and mouse at a considerable distance from the computer.  Still, the lag is enough of an annoyance that, if you're absolutely committed to having bluetooth devices, I'd spend a few extra dollars and get something that responds a little quicker.
I bought this product and put it on my desk at work.  My first complaint is that the marigold seeds it came with never did germinate.  Maybe they were old or something, I don't know.  I dont think it was my fault, because I bought some other seeds and they sprouted in a couple of days in there.  My only other complaint is that this product does not have "everything you need to grow plants".  It comes with hydroponic soil.  My plants sprouted and grew to inch or so tall seedlings and then stopped growing.  By the end of the month all were dead.  I didnt know what was wrong, then someone told me that the hydroponic soil doesnt have any nutrients in it whatsoever, so that nutrients can be tightly controlled by whoever is using it by adding liquid fertilizers.  That being said, I dumped the hydroponic stuff and added some potting soil and the plants are growing just fine in there, just be ready to add some liquid plant food, or replace the hydroponic soil with potting soil or something else.
They were from a couple of different manufactures so they were not of equal quality.  Kept the ones for the nunchuks, gave a friend the ones for controllers.  They are a pain to put on and not tear, and if you have the rechargeable battery's forget it. Our Wii and the additional controller came with Nintendo's skin that is the best one.
This is a decent product... nothing fancy but it does what it says.  There are a few more screws than I was expecting to insert/remove a hard drive, but since this was my first bay of this type I'm not sure if that is usual.
I was disappointed with this product because I didn't read the full description.  I was so excited to find an adapter that was compatible with my old computer and my internet modem.  However, I found I needed to purchase  A USB Cable.  I PURCHASED THE USB CABLE AND FOUND I NEEDED A DRIVER.  I HAVEN'T FOUND THE DRIVER YET.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
Nice keyboard but too flat for my taste.  I prefer an ergonomic keyboard which slopes down from the center.  Otherwise not a bad choice.
worked
Did not receive the charger and the cd to download the belkin.  I was told to get the drivers off of the internet.  Not a very good way of helping a customer.
Received New and in timely manner.  I like the price of battery.I put the battery in and took it off 2 times and the battery lock sliding clip broke off.  Looked at my other original old one and saw it is made noticeably sturdier. The lock part that broke off is not compatable with my older original one so I couldn't switch them.  I contacted the company who sells it on Amazon and told them to send me a new part and I would forget about sending it back.  I think the part is about 25 cents I am guessing.  They said they didn't carry it and the only choice I have is to return the whole thing for full refund.  I decided to keep it even though the lock switch is broken and now removed.  It does still lock safely to laptop but when removing the battery now I need to use a pen tip to push and slide to release battery from laptop. I will keep this unit because it does enough for what I need.  I just think somethings should be made clear though.  It is not an original part but a copy of original part.  Fit perfect and will give you extra time to use computer then original smaller stock battery.  Draw backs are that it does not work with the battery utility well that let's you know how much time you have to use though it does give you how much percent the battery is charged or is running.  My old battery could estimate 2 hours or what ever time you should be able to use on the existing charge.  New battery makes the IBM battery utility pop up warning you that it is not an IBM product.  If I would of know this I would of paid extra for the right one because it is important to me.  No where in the specs was this described.  I was close to my trip so I didn't send it back because I needed it even if this function didn't work perfectly.  Hope this helps
These sleeves are of good quality but they are a little snug in size.  When two DVDs are placed back to back it becomes very tight.
package arrive in timely matterProduct disk needed update after installall cables work correctlywas worth the money for the need cables
I will update this review when I have received and installed the adapter. This is for a new Dell 1521 which *surprise!!* does NOT have a PCMCIA PC card slot. It has an "ExpressCard" slot - same size on the outside but look inside and see it is not. ExpressCard is the new PCMCIA standard, but there's nothing in the Dell (or anyone else I've checked) ordering process that warns you that your old PC Cards won't work.  The options are: new broadband wireless modem (~$200, new service commit) with ExpressCard interface; "tethered" phone as modem - need cable, drivers, and a data plan that won't break the bank - also I believe this is slower than broadband wireless cards but am not sure; other adapters - ExpressCard to USB (~$200), etc.; or this one ($141 Amazon vendor; $119 manufacturer; $109 Utah vendor found via Google search). Vista/XP/MacOS drivers available.  More as soon as I test it. PC Card I have is a Novatel Wireless U730, with Cingular Service.**Update December 2008** I apologize for this delayed update, especially to the two who didn't find the review helpful. This adapter worked great in my wife's Dell laptop for using my PCMCIA wireless modem. It's a bit "clunky" - large, heavier than you expect - but it works seamlessly and if you are facing the same problem of using your PCMCIA cards in the new ExpressCard slots, this will do the trick nicely.
I've had both the Blackberry OEM leather holster with swiveling clip and this Seidio holster.Both feature the swiveling clip and both have the "sleep" feature that puts the Curve on standby mode when it's in the holster. This feature works through a magnet in the holster and the key benefits are that the keyboard is turned off (preventing accidental key strokes) and a supposedly longer battery duration.I read that the Blackberry OEM holster has a problem with the clip breaking frequently, and it happened to one of my friends. The Seidio seems to be rather tough, but I never broke the BB OEM clip either, so it depends on how you handle it.PROS:- The holster is designed to hold the phone inwards (keys and screen facing into the holster, and the back exposed), but you can put the phone outwards too, if you wish.- Has "sleep" function that works with the Curve facing either way (inwards or outwards).- Feels solid and durable. The plastic is rubber coated, providing a solid feel and good grip (if you ever need that from a clip holster...)- Spring lock on top of holster holds the phone well and is quite easy to operate. The lock is made of the same rubber coated plastic, but has an additional soft-rubber strip to better hold the phone. Phone has never fallen from holster. Releasing the phone from the Seidio open holster is easier and faster than a closed holster.- Inside of holster is lined with some velvety cloth that protects your phone.- Swivelling clip allows for horizontal, vertical or in-between positions.- Looks cool. The rubber coating gives a matte look, and it shows your phone (prominently).CONS:- Spring lock on top of holster holds the phone too well and has scratched/removed the rubberized coating from the top of my phone.- Open side design leaves one side of phone exposed. My phone has some NASTY scratches due to this.- Although designed to hold the phone facing in, the velvet cloth lining the holster has the lower keys marked into it. So it seems that pressure distribution is not even and the lower keys (space, c, v, b, n, g, h) are pressed against the holster at some time. This could also be caused by the magnet being placed there.- Some cheaper alternatives are available (although I can't comment on quality of other options)Overall, this is a very durable product with a nice design and great manufacturing quality.However, this is outweighed by the fact that open holsters don't offer as much protection as an enclosing full-body holster and that the powerful top lock tends to damage the rubber coat of the phone.CONCLUSION:If I had to choose again, I'd go for an OEM holster (actually a couple of them, since their clips break so easily). They are not as cool, but do the work of protecting the phone well.If money is not a restriction, then you could go for the more expensive Seidio holster & case combo. This one features a case that fully encloses the phone, so it's always protected even if out of the holster. I believe the holster is slightly bigger in order to hold the case that holds the phone, but I'd expect the same high quality from Seidio.To put it in perspective: The OEM leather holsters are cheap and do the job, and you could get 5 of these for the price of this Seidio holster. Or you could get any OEM-like holsters evean cheaper, but at about $5 a pop, why risk it?The Seidio holster & case combo is quite expensive at almost twice the cost of this one, but will protect your phone more and looks cool... but then again, you could get like 9 OEM holsters for the price of the Seidio combo.
I got this product a few days ago, installed it, and found it to work fairly well using the software it came with. I did have a few computer lock ups, because I was trying to change the NTSC settings to see about getting a better looking full screen picture.  Analog TV on this card is OK at best, using the software that comes with the card.  Windows Media Center software only sees the digital side of the card.If I hook up my OTA antenna I get great picture on all digital channels in my area.  I was amazed at the way it looked.If looking to do both digital and analog, you're gonna be stuck with the software that came with the card.
I think that the description of this product is somewhat misleading. It says that "the ZyXELreg NMP 1100W Wireless Music Box will stream digital music files from your computer to your speakers via a wireless connection. The NMP-1100W can receive and play any format of digital music files that your computer sends." This makes it sound like it reads the files from your computer, decodes them, and plays them. In fact, it does not receive music files at all. What it does is install a playback device under Sounds and Audio Devices that streams audio to the box, which in turn generates an audio signal that goes to your audio system. This device becomes your default playback device, and you have the option of turning streaming on or off. When it is turned off, this device passes audio along to your computer's sound card device so it plays through your computer speakers. A subtle distinction, but it means that you can't play audio files with your sound system via the box while sending other audio to your computer speakers (expert users might be able to work around this, but the automatic configuration is to do it this way). On the other hand, this means that it is not limited to certain types of audio files, and anything you have a media player for will work with it. It is easy to set up and generates good quality audio. And it's cheap. I use mine in wired mode, so I can't comment on its wireless capabilities. I have no buffering issues, even when using the smallest buffer size (which generates much less delay). Not a bad product for the price, but it helps to be informed before you buy.
Its a pain to get it warmed up. I guess cause the software is not from the manufactures but once up it provides good viewing.
I bought a DS Lite kit for DSi game, so I bought it wrongly, however the product appear to be very good, the delivery was fine, I gave out to one of my son's friends.
Lots of accessories but missing key features. Case is small and does not have extra pouches inside to store games. The &#34;skin&#34; indicated is a screen protector NOT an actual skin for your DS device.
For the price, these would be OK for listening to books on CD/MP3 or other spoken word material. They lack the definition one would hope for in a headphone for musical enjoyment. Simply put, they smudge the details of the music. For very, very casual listening, they would be acceptable. Not anywhere near the sound quality of my reference Sony earbuds.
usses button cell batteries . the recivers eat the batteries and dont tell yoiu when they are low .....the batteries last about 3 months
I don't think it is disconnection; I see it more likely as the disk goes into "sleep" mode. I also notice that once it does that, the drive letter in Explorer disappears. A minute or so later the disk "resumes", the letter appears. And that happens every few minutes. So, the disk is very unreliable, not to mention noisy.So, why did I give it 3 starts, as opposed to the other reviewer that gave it 1 star? Because it only happens in USB mode. That is, if you plug it through eSATA connection - it performs flawlessly!
Obsolete by today's standards of wireless everything, however, it served the purpose as a back up when it's 2am and you NEED a mouse that doesnt require batteries, but this is NOT USB.
I ordered this phone after reviewing other Skype WiFi phone ratings, which were not that positive. This is a first import product of its type from China, sold through a very cooperative distributor in Torrance California. Documentation is sparse, but if you call they will explain the features.I purchased primarily for use as a Skype phone, not really looking at the other features. The phone is very cool, feels solid in your hand, and has good button feel and great color display. It is really a Windows CE device in sheep's clothing, with VoIp and Skype features built in, and is designed for the Y5World VoIP network. It offers IP TV viewing of mostly foreign TV cannels, including oriental, some UK & French stations. The small screen TV is kinda fun, but not something I would use. It has some Internet radio stations via shortcut links on Windows Media Player 9, like Virgin Radio UK, which work great- but need better sounding speakers (although it works fine with the included ear buds). It has a Microsoft CE 4.5 web browser, which works, but is a little clunky to use with the keypad. The Skype feature has to be selected from a menu, which then brings up your account, and logs-in similar to other WiFi phones. Sometimes it fails to get the address book, but usually works fine if you re-start the Skype app.Two things I think need improving - (1) since Skype is an app, no other app can run at the same time. (2) The 6-8 hour rechargable battery life could be improved.
It's not too bad and I think it rates more than 1 star. You have to go to some other web pages to get installation instructions (just use Google) but they are relatively simple if you have replaced things in computers before. Do be careful I did cut my finger on the notbook case while I was doing installation. It took me less than an hour to install but have to read the web instructions carefully. I have done installations for years but I think someone with some knowledge of computer parts can do the replacement realtively issue. You might need one tool to get a small screw out and the web instructions will tell you which one (don't remember). The card does work and I have used it for many months but at least for my older Mac Pro the signal looks like one step weaker than my iMac which is newer and has 802.11n. However it is much more convenient than the 802.11N dongle I had previously.So 3 stars since it does work but not more since it appears not to be as strong as the iMac reception but then again, I didn't compare performance of a Mac Pro with factory installation.
an impulse buy.  the buttons work, but how to get it act as a mouse is still a mystery.
Well made for the price, but very poorly designed.
i gave it 3 stars because it works and is only 3$. + the idea is an original.besides, worst creation ever.it is made of the cheapest material available.it arrived with a broken right click.it is very hard to use. trust me, u won't get used to it.
They have a small laptop and that's why they wanted a small mouse to carry along as they don't like the track pad. I tried myself and it takes a bit to get used to it. It is tricky to caliber where your finger has to be located in the ring that supports the other parts. If you use it for a long time your finger eventually gets tired.
It works good but who needs a finger mouse when you can get a regular mouse for a little more. seriously, when i got the mouse i barely used it because i would rather use a regular mouse. I can understand if you were going to use it if your computer's touch pad does not work and you would rather have a mouse that is portable and can fit into any pocket.
Easy enough to use, just need to get the hang of it. The look and the actual thing are VERY fragile, it looks like it will break at any second. The thing itself is SO uncomfortable though, i wore it 30 minutes and lost blood circulation. Still, nifty, but Ill stick with a regular mouse.
So... for the most part, I really like these mice.  However, after a few months, they do tend to die.I personally order a few of these things at a time now.  It feels incredibly wasteful.  But... these mice do exactly what I want them to do.I wish there was a more durable version of this same thing.
Pretty cool gadget but not precise enough to use regularly. It's a cool conversation piece and that's pretty much it.
It works, however as others have said there is, at least for me, a high degree of a learning curve for this.What I would really like to see would be a wireless model and they would have something I believe.
I'll be honest. I bought this as a kind of toy. It looked kind of cool, and at about $3, I figured, why not? I didn't expect it to be very practical and it really isn't. First things first, the Velcro strap is a bit clumsy in arrangement and it feels slightly uncomfortable. There's just something distracting about something "hanging" on your finger. One thing that puzzled me was how you "aim" it. Do you point it like a laser pointer or does it require contact with a surface? The answer is...more the latter case. In use, you strap it to your finger with the Velcro strap and point the device strait down at a suitable surface. I tried my mouse pad (which worked perfectly), and also a wooden desktop, white sheet of paper, and even a mirrored surface (a CD disc). Only the CD mirror failed to work.I will try to explain the feel of the device this way. Picture resting your wrist on the desktop just as you would with a conventional mouse.Now, picture the desk covered with a layer of dust. Lastly, picture "writing" your name in the dust with your index finger pointing strait down.That's the posture you will use. The side buttons work well, a soft decisive click for each button. On the other hand, the scroll-wheel has a problem. Turning the wheel toward you is fine, albeit slightly awkward to reach, but when you exert a turning force in the outward direction, there is a tendency for the whole device to pivot around your finger.Because of it's small size, this mouse might be fine for a laptop on the go, and where space is at a premium, but on the whole I think most laptop users would be better served with a small, but conventional mouse. Oh, I nearly forgot to mention that the cord is very short. I measured it at 43 1/2 inches. Again, fine for laptops but unlikely to serve at a desktop.I should also mention that I am running Windows 7 Home and when I plugged the mouse into a USB port, it functioned immediately.
The cord feels a little short and the precision isn't really there, but it works better than the two square inch touchpad on my old laptop.  I was worried about it taking up one of my two typing fingers, but my middle finger has stepped up it's game.
It's cheaper to keep this item than to return it, so no complaints about value for money. This is simply a cheap optical mouse, reconfigured as a strap-on (pun intended). What I like is that the buttons are like little levers, which makes the extremely easy to trigger. Might be too sensitive for some people. What I don't like is that the optical light is not very pointed, so you really have to make sure the &#34;nose&#34; is right on top of a surface (the thigh in my case, because I need to lower my hand to avoid RSI. After a little while I find it alright to use, but no more convenient than a small standard mouse. I got rid of the strap and hold it like a pen now, and it allows me to hold my hand differently, again lowering my RSI risk, so it's worth the money for me, but do not expect anything revolutionary or extremely useful.
It works OK, but will take some time to get used to it.  It is nice and small as pictured
Cord is too short for a PC so if it's not for a Laptop you'll need an extension!!
Please buy this as a cheap toy. It is NOT meant to be a serious mouse, and will probably fall apart which faster than you can get used to it (which isn't saying much: It would take an eternity to get used to!) The cord wrapped in some sort of textile, but will fray quickly at the cord ends. It is very sensitive, and not appropriate.It will, however accept input when used on almost, if not any surface. It is interesting toy, especially for the given price. The click is very sensitive, as well as the input. It does NOT like Opera gestures, nor, I would think, anything that requires very precise gestures or where one would want the mouse to be relatively still while clicking. It is also not, as some of you might have initially thought, a pointer. It is, rather, an optical mouse mounted to the end of your finger, so that you don't have to drag it along the desktop (the lens, for instance, will stay clean as a result.).
When mounted on the right finger and you try to push the buttons, it moves away. Mounted on the left hand (with buttons on the bottom) you can use your other fingers to support the back so it won't move when you press the buttons. Not mounted, works good as a mouse pen for drawing. Good for little kids.
If you hold it like a pencil it works ok but not strapped onto your finger no. It's literally an ordinary mouse piece stuck to this strap, you cant hover it like shown in the picture, you touch it to a surface like any other mouse. for 3$ you should expect it to feel cheap because it definatly dose. i dont use it. if it wasnt so cheap i would return it
The wheel is responsive and the buttons are well placed.  I did find that it is easier to use if put on the middle finger rather than the index finger. Wrist stress is about the same as with  a regular mouse. It is easy to type while wearing the device.  Over all it is functional and responsive. Well worth the price of $2.60. Be prepared for a long delivery time since it is drop shipped from China. As with all Chinese products, wash your hands after using it due to lead content and keep away from children.
it is a good idea. it takes a few minutes to get used to, but after that it works great :)
I was confused when purchasing this and thought it could be used while being pointed anywhere, not just on a surface.  I am not the most tech savvy as you can probably tell.Anyway, it took me a few hilarious minutes to get used to it, but once I did I was hooked.  The small mouse is easy to hold and use for long periods of time.  The mouse wire doesn't get in my way so much.  And I can run it along my and for some things, like art processing.Best of all, it is super cheap and is apparently labelled a 'Lord of the Rings' optical mouse.  I am still laughing over that one.Updated August 12th 2013: I've actually stopped using this mouse, because it is frustrating.  It's difficult to use for minecraft and some other programs I like.  I'll be keeping it for a back-up.  It seems pretty sturdy, though, as it is still going strong.
Pretty much a novelty, but might have some utility.  Cool, but primitive.  Might get more useful with practice, but it's utility is somewhat obscure.
It really is quite useless,  but a conversation starter  I got it for &#34;free&#34; so I can't complain. I guess I should at least try it. LOL
So im excited to get this in the mail and i open it I see that the left button was broken.
First off i would like to start by saying i did not receive the actual product shown in the picture. I don't know if it was a knock off i received but it is not as good of quality as the one in the pictures. The cord is cheap rubber not braided like the pic and the velcro is scratchy. But it does do what it says and works. It takes some time to get used to using it but i kind of like holding it like a pen best because it makes it easy to keep it flat so the curser moves the way it is supposed to. All in all it is nice cheap but for the price it is a cool little toy.
This turned out to be a mistake as it has not work at all for me. Would not recommend it for anyone.
It works well, but the scroll wheel broke within a day or two. Not durable whatsoever. If you buy this I recommend not putting it in your pocket or a laptop bag.
I don't use it that much. I only use it for Photoshop and when I need to feel comfortable. All in all it's a great product
I bought this as a temporary replacement for my broken tablet. It's easily held as a pencil in your right hand, but for lefties, it's more than challenging.If I were to use it the way it intended, it would be 100% unusable.Nice concept, make a flipped version!
Good and it draws attention to other people. Easy to use if you have long fingers... But it's a great product.
I was looking to try something new mouse-wise.  I saw this advertised cheap, and though I didn't understand exactly how it worked, I wanted to give it a spin and see what it could do for me.  I wanted a mouse that didn't require a "pad", and the description of this one said something like "Use it on your pants leg!"  For $5, I figured, "What did I have to lose?"Yes, it will respond if used on a pant leg.  But the response will be very imprecise, and will not be practical.  In order to use this mouse you need to have its "eye" pressed flush up against a smooth, firm, mouse-pad like surface.  Otherwise it will jump around the screen, and cause no end of difficulty.Also, although the description suggested a person could still type while wearing it, that is ridiculous: in order to type anything more than my first name I have to physically remove the mouse from my hand, complete typing, and then reattach it once again.  Back and forth.Lastly, although I have been using it now for maybe two or three weeks, it has developed a crack in the cable right where it enters the housing... and right where my right index finger's middle knuckle rests against it.  Now the wires are becoming exposed, and my knuckle is irritated.I have been freed from my laptop's built-in touchpad mouse.  Great.  Where can I get an alternative that will still allow me precision of movement and doesn't require a pad?  And that won't break after two weeks?  In that sense, my search goes on...  But I'll give it 3 stars for what it CAN do!-----Several months have passed, and I am still using this mouse.  But there have been developments......The cracks I noticed earlier started occurring all along the cord.  Soon the cracks began to cut into the copper wires of the USB cord.  Tonight, one of those wires broke entirely, rendering the mouse unusable.  I opened it up and soldered in a new longer and much stronger USB cord.  It took me over an hour.  It will not crack again.  It works much better now.Such a shame to create such a usable product and then hamper it with crappy cord insulation.  My solution was drastic but effective.
I thought it would be cool to type and scroll at the same time, but this devices is very difficult to operate.
I decided to buy this item because it offered something different. When I got the package it came as expected. Once I opened it and started to use it it was almost like using a mouse. You have to have the tip of the pointer directly on the surface of what ever you are using it on. Its not all bad if you are looking for something a little bit different to surf with but over all it really isn't much different than using a mouse.
I bough a few of these because they were super cheap and looked cool.  While I don't regret the few dollars I spent, I don't see myself using these things very often.  They tend to make your hand cramp after a few minutes of use, as a very awkward gesture is required to use it.  The most uncomfortable thing by far is trying to reach the buttons.  I feel if they were located differently this mouse would be a little easier to use.The only real future use for this I see myself would maybe be some sort of sensor input for a Raspberry Pi project.  Think using this thing just as a normal USB mouse input to a program that interprets the mouse movements as some sort of position sensor.  Other than that, neat little gimmick that gave me the under $5 enjoyment I expected it to, then off to die a dusty death on the shelf somewhere.
Hard to use nice thoughtVery uncomfortable but does work tried with a pencil/pen very hard to work with but
this was a great little item...it took a little to get use to how it operates..I use it as a spare if my main mouse gives me trouble
Works well. Believe it is left handed. I being right handed do not find it comfortable to use, but it is still better than those darnlaptop touch pads.
I bought 2 for under $3.00 each to try on our laptops, it was easy to use and you would have to get use to it. It's another toy going to collect dust.
It Work OK On Some Stuff , And It Work Good With a Pen Or Pencil For Graft And Drawing's
It's a little cutie for a very cheap price. It scrolls and has right and left hand function of a mouse, so i'll figure it out soon
Still haven't figured out how best to use this thing, but you have to keep the laser in contact with a surface. Fast shipping, cool concept.
I've had mine for 2 days now, unlike others I found the basic construction pretty solid.  I was hoping to use it for technical drawing but it's not stable enough for that use.  The scroll bar and the are the biggest thing that needs improvement.  need to finger strap to make it more stable, and the scroll bar is to far from the thumb.  Great gadget for the gear head and good entry level design, make a few changes and you have a really good product.
It seems to be a good concept, but I don't think these finger mice are quite worth it yet. I gave it to a friend who was interested.
I like it but a bit off need to practice alot to get used to it. They shipped super fast great service.
This was an okay product and I did not expect it to take more than 3 mins to use but it took me a like a few to figure out to use it. The picture is not how you use it.
I bought this just to see how it would work. It was fully functional seconds after plugging it into my Windows 8 laptop (although it does have to be very close to the table, about 1/2 is as far as it will work) It is also very difficult to use the scroll wheel or buttons without moving the courser. The whole idea of this as a practical device is flawed but as a cheap novelty toy it is a fun buy!
It's difficult to give a fair review, given that the device quit working after only a couple hours of use.  While it worked I could see that it had potential.  Using it as a &#34;finger&#34; mouse, snugly attached to your finger, didn't work particularly well mainly because of the interference with typing that others have noted.  But with the elastic left quite loose you can slip your finger into and out of it (like grasping a coffee cup, only sideways), and that way it works pretty well. It registers motion against almost any surface, it's easy to hold onto, and it's small, unobtrusive, and portable.A slight redesign and re-targeting could make it a vertical mouse without all the bulk, a stylus mouse without the stylus, but as is it's, at best, interesting and kind of useful...until it fails.
I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. I found it difficult to use. I am sorry but it is not my cup of tea.
i bought this for a friend to wow.seems ergonomic.he liked it very much.however, when i thought this aids in typing.he said, he can't type, will be cumbersome if typing a lot.while it is light,IT NEEDS COORDINATION OF YOUR THUMB AND POINT FINGERif you have way straight fingers never mind lolfinger muscles exercise needed lol
This pointing device is a bit of an odd duck. It was very cheap so I ordered it without fully understanding how it worked. What I was looking for was a mouse that would move based on your finger moving across a surface. Sort of like a touchpad without the pad, if you will.What it actually does is turn an optical mouse on its side. The movement is not really determined by your finger but by where the optical sensor is, and it has to be very close to the material. It also suffers the same drawbacks with material that optical mice have so I can't exactly drag it across my bedsheet and hope that it will work.The sensitivity is way too much when plugging it in to your computer. On my windows machine I had to turn the sensitivity way down to be able to use it at all because it shot across the screen. On my Linux computer the axis seemed to be inverted. There's also the mindset shift you have to do when clicking the mouse buttons vertically with your thumb.The good thing about this is that if you have a solid surface and you select the right sensitivity settings on your computer you can sort of use this as a cheap wacom tablet.I don't think I'll use this long term but it does have its uses.
The narrative indicates this works for right or left hand use.  Not true!  Sure you can strap it on your left hand, but the functionality is all butt-backwards.  Up is down; left goes right and visa versa.  Worthless for those of us who mouse with the left hand.  I thought maybe something could be switched in the settings, but I don't find anything there that makes it functional on the left hand.  So lefties beware.Rating.  4 for right handers and ZERO for left handed mousers.
it can not use so easily and freely. when it is bounded on the finger, it is difficult to click the buttons and roll the wheel.
I thought it would function a little better than it did, it would constantly move the mouse a small amount in a random direction when not being moved, and wasn't very sensitive in the first place. But then again I can't expect much for something that was $3
You can get 10's these days for a better price though. This is only a 4 so not near as fast as a 10. I would say go for that instead.
I got this enclosure to house a harddrive I pulled from my old computer.  Shortly there after, my husbands computer started going so I began using it for both so that might have impacted some of its performance.Pros:-Looks nice.-All metal housing.-When the fan does work, it is really loud.Cons:-The fan does not always work, initially it did, now, not so much.  So then your harddrive overheats and stops working.  Really scares the crap out of you the first time because you think you lost everything.-The enclosure is also a very tight fit, to the point that I feel I might break something, which generally isn't an issue for me.
The Pad itself and the 10-key are great. I believe the USB ports are maybe less than 2.0 though (some of my things didn't work right). Easy plug-n-play installation on a laptop running Windows 7. The only major drawback is the God awful smell!!! I don't know what kind of rubber they used to make this pad, but the rubber smell is super, super strong. And I am not usually too critical of stuff like that, but this Pad really takes the cake. If you are a smell sensitive person, do not get this Pad. It will make you sick.
I am an electronic engineer and now a computer tech after retirement, This unit is like all the rest of the modem/routers. I peice of junk. They may work a year or two maybe three. What happen to quality? You, as with all the rest will often have to turn the unit on and off just to get back on the internet. This is par for all these Modems. I was the last of the good engineers.
good for the price what is expected it did fair I would order again if I have to no doubt
When used with XP-SP3, had to go on the net for software upgrade to make it work.  After a frustrating time, after we massaged the software, it works very well.
I received my 17" Acer 7520 on the 10th April and was very pleased with it except the sound which was very disappointing. I called the ACER support number and received minimal assistance - it sounded like this sound problem was a regular complaint. I sent it back and received a replacement very quickly.  I am still disappointed with the sound.  It was hyped up with Dolby Surround Sound but the volume cannot be turned up to where you can actually hear a movie or a cd from more than 2 feet away.  Other than that I like everything else about it.  The screen is superb and the keyboard is very nice to use.  The serial number on the bottom is so small it's almost impossible to read.  The 4 USB ports are very useful. The touchpad is very sensitive.  I am disappointed there is no re-installation disk!  What do you do if there's a problem? I would recommend spending a few more bucks to get a PC with better sound.Acer Aspire 7520-5115 - Turion 64 X2 TL-52 / 1.6 GHz - RAM 2 GB - HDD 160 GB - DVD?RW (?R DL) / DVD-RAM - GF Go 7000M - WLAN : 802.11b/g, Bluetooth 2.0 EDR - Vista Home Premium - 17" Widescreen TFT 1440 x 900 ( WXGA+ ) - camera
If you have an older Mac Pro (not the 2014 cylinder) that does not have wireless ethernet, this card will add it. Installation requires a small phillips screwdriver. The only bad part is that the antennas in the Mac Pros are not optimally placed, so connecting them can be &#34;fun&#34; and you may have a weaker signal in the same location when compared to a Macbook Pro.
Installing the card is challenging, but there are tips on the internet for what to do. The big problem is that there are 2 screws required for proper installation, and those are apparently not included in the supposed 'kit.' I will contact the seller to see if this is a mistake and update my review accordingly if the screws are delivered.As far as the card itself, it works like a charm. Upon installation and boot, OSX does everything it is supposed to with it and it is very easy to connect to wifi. I haven't tested the range of the card or anything like that - mine is actually fairly close to the router and I get full power signal, as expected.
This is the best of the 3 replacement chargers that I've purchased for my Compaq Presario C300.  The two previous crapped out after only a month each.  This one is pretty good, it stays plugged into the laptop very well and is secure.The only drawback is, that while it claims to be designed to work for this particular laptop, the charger itself gets dangerously hot... like you shouldn't touch it with your bare hands hot.  That leads me to believe that it's working overtime to charge the battery, and it doesn't seem like it should have to work that hard to charge.
This product worked good for a month in a half!! After that I had to start turning it a certain way so it would charge!
The charger works as far as charging the laptop. It makes a buzzing sound while in use. I hope this doesn't effect the laptop or cause a fire.
My boyfriend bought this charger for our laptop. It was a very great price but It only worked for the first few months of using it they became lose and would not charge our laptop unless it was positioned a certain way. I guess you get what you pay for.
I have purchased 2 of these- the first one was in oct of 2011 and then it went out and so I bought another one March 12,2012. Here I am again (April 18,2012) and it is already going out 36 days later! It works but the power unit box gets very hot! this last unit was fine and out of nowhere it started going in and out. Maybe cheap but not if I have to keep buying them every 30-120 days! Will reconsider a more quality replacement
it was what I was looking for and it works great this time I got the right item thank you
It is okay only thing I expected it to be taller but it is working fine so far and that is what matters the most to me as a customer thank you.
&  Buyers Be Aware...  In order to make gamepad work with your computer, you need to install mini cd to your computer. My computer doesn't support mini cd's. Since i couldn't install the mini cd software to my computer.. The gamepad didn't work. Even though is pc  mac compatible you still need to install cd to make it work. Gamepad looks great but, need to change small software cd to regular size cd..
The drive I received was labelled as 5400rpm not 7200rpm. This was a disappointment as I picked the product specifically with 7200rpm in mind as I was aiming for a performance boost as well as adding capacity to the family computer. Having said that it is still good value at the price. As I write I'm weighing up whether to keep it or not.
Buy it if you need to play Matroska, as it is one of the very few media players that offer such ability.Weak points: expensive, does not have built-in wireless.  Speaking of wireless support, must spend extra for USB type wireless adapter, and support limited to 2 or 3 manufacturers.  Only 48bit WEP security available.Pain to set up networking, may only access up to 4 shared folders (and have to set up each and everyone manually, including specifying the IP address).Get the MD-350/450 if you don't need MKV.  Cheaper, built-in wireless and a much easier set-up process.
The name of this product is a misnomer.  The shield is a rubbery substance that makes the screen look wavy.  Nevertheless, the shield does protect the screen.  But if you like to use the touch screen for taking notes or highlighting, the invisible shield is not a good idea because the stylus sticks to the shield.
The controller not too bad for the price...It works and it is definitely cheap in price, however there are a few problems I had with this controller.  For one, the D-pad sucks.  My problem with the D-pad is that sometimes when you press left or right, if you're not careful, you could also activate the up and down arrows.  The USB recoil connector is also annoying in that it's very inflexible and it gets in the way of gaming.Overall, if you're on a tight budget, this is probably one of the better cheap controllers, but if you got a bit more to spare, go for a Logitech controller.
This was the only game in town for a while for those who wanted to transfer P2 media to a MacBook Pro (with ExpressCard slot) but DIDN'T want to suffer with a slow USB connection.  I have had two, and they did the job.  But there are two important cons:1 - Duel got into a fight with Apple and it doesn't work with Snow Leopard.  So if you're running FCP 7 you can't use it.2 - It's balky.  Many people report having to restart their laptops frequently in order to get the P2 card to mount.  The physical connection itself is featherweight - it clicks in, but no sense of "locking" at all.  So you have to place it carefully on the surface next to you and be careful not to jostle it.I have since ordered the Panasonic USB P2 drive, which is more than 3X as expensive and uses USB (supposedly faster than downloading from a camera).  But at least it will be compatible with any computer.
Works graet as a protector with a cool look, but don't be fooled by the photo... you only get the PS3 SYSTEM DECAL, not one for your controller.
Great product in theory. I did buy this for my Mac, but the software does not support it. It does however work on a Mac in a plug and play fashion, but you are not able to tweak it in any way without the software. Maybe Adesso will wake up some day and support Mac's and PC's in same way....One can have hope.
I bought this Mic  for $2.18, the outter package was damaged but the item works unbelievably well...I preceeded to take it out of the package and plugged it in and wallaaaaaaaaa!! i was in a conversation with my sister...it works great!! have absolutely no regrets....i would recommend this to all of my friends....
When it's working it's good - decent wireless connection & Vonage service.However, when there is a power loss or a cable interruption, the router re-sets or un-sets.  I've become pretty good at re-setting the security feature by now.  But a power loss causes other electronics I own to require a re-set, so this product is not alone
I installed this card on an HP Pavillion a6600f running Windows XP, and Windows was able to find the drivers for it automatically. However, my Officejet R40 printer/scanner didn't work very well with it. The printer and scanner were detected and installed by Windows but didn't work initially. I could make the printer work by changing its port to LPT3 (from DOT4), but the scanner still doesn't work. I can't even open the scanner properties.The point is that my printer and scanner worked fine with the parallel port on my previous computer running XP, and so I believe the problem is in this pci card. If I find out otherwise, I will increase my rating.
the number pad wouldnt work with my laptop for some reason, the little red light turns on but pressing anything from the number pad has no effect whatsoever. My whole purpose of buying this product was because of the number pad and it came along with a set of a whole bunch. But it seems now that I bought everything else EXCEPT for the number pad, since I can't use it in any which way possible.
This product has everything you need for a laptop and makes mobile work much easier.  However, the package is quite big considering it is designed to be mobile.  This kit fits in my laptop bag but doesn't leave room for much else.
Well here we are with another Epson Paper Product that is  frustrating to run through a Epson 3800. Great product, looks great, stretches fine but the Epson printer and its feeding problems is never ending!
I've been using these for several years.  I babied these, always returning them to their case when not in use.  They had a very easy life.  I kept them clean and changed the filters as needed.  They always worked great...until recently.  The right ear bud is complete dead now.  Just died for no apparent reason.  Considering how expensive these were and how gingerly I treated them, I would have expected them to last much, much, much longer.  These are no longer available.  So, I'll replace them with something else, but it won't be from Etymotic.
Vonage has some bad feedback so I want to provide contrast and give my experience as a recent first time customer.  I switched my cable telephone provider to Vonage three months ago.  I liked the options available, $15/mo for limited minutes or $25/mo for unlimited.  I don't talk a lot so I went with the cheaper plan and selected this adapter.The first problem I ran into was they offered "free activation" if I sign up online.  This did not happen.  I was charged anyway and customer service was unable to remove the charge.  They did issue a credit towards future bills.My second problem was more insiduous.  Since I was switching from an existing VOIP service, Vonage began charging me even before my number was switched to them.  Because I was on limited minutes, that means I was being doublecharged and they were billing me for minutes they weren't providing.  I was much less happy with Vonage's response.  They continued to deny crediting my account until I escalated the issue and threatened to go to the FCC.  I did not go over my monthly limit so it turned into a non-issue, however these two issues point to a systemic problem with Vonage either being unable or unwilling to foresee and adjust for potential problems in their system.On the plus side, their V-Portal device works very good.  My only gripe is it must be connected to a router. It'd be better if we could just plug it into a cable line directly.  From there you plug in your phone jack and it can support two lines.  I connected it wrong and the tech who helped fix my error was knowledgeable, helpful, and patient; a rarity in this industry.Call quality rivals phone service in the few months I've used it.  Others have complained but I have had excellent performance on both a 5MB and now 10MB cable connection.  On rare occasions there is a little bit of echo but it's not enough to be an issue.  I think they have the problems of earlier complaints straightened out.The website is easy to navigate and review.  Emails are responded to in a few hours.  Calls with questions are answered soon enough, but again I seem to only get bill credits, not actual refunds.  The only gripe about their features is I used to be able to block individual numbers when I wanted to (i.e. known telemarketers).  Vonage does not offer this, instead only allowing blocking of anonymous numbers which the telemarketers are getting around.I'm knocking off another star because of the warnings others gave about an early termination fee.  This wasn't clearly disclosed when I first signed up.  From their website, "You will be charged a disconnection fee of $39.99 per voice line if your service is disconnected, subject to state and local laws. However, if your subscription date is on or after February 1, 2007 and is disconnected after 2 years following your subscription date, the disconnection fee is waived."  You do have the lesser of 30 days or 500 minutes to try the service.  If you decide you don't like them you can get your money back and avoid the disconnect fee.Overall, I'm happy with the service in spite of being unwittingly locked into a 2-year contract.  The call quality rivals standard phone service, and their low price beats them handily.  I believe I'll be keeping them around for a while.
Did not work with my AT&T card. Couldn't tell from the description if it would so I bought it and my card did not fit. It would be helpful to describe the size of the card.
I'll have to dig it out of my junk box and see if it'll accomodate the san discs.  Maybe it won't turn out to be another exercise in ignorance!
I purchased these for about 40 dollars shipped. The speakers are clear and decently loud. The sub is ok. Its clear but it doesn't pack much of a bass punch. For the price these are good but you still get what you pay for. I have no complaints for the price I paid.
I bought this to alert me when it was time to stop filling the bath, but it didn't really work for that. The alarm makes an obnoxious screeching noise. I had trouble getting the suction cup to stay stuck to the wall and it was hard to get it to just the right height. I tried hanging it around the bath spout, but the splashing water would set it off. In the end, I found it was a lot easier to pay attention when filling up the bath than having to deal with this buzzer.
I got this for my D600 and it works great but the driver is preventing my computer from coming out of standby. I'm in the process of trying to figure out a solution with tech support. This means every time I close the lid I've got to do a restart when I open it back up again. A major pain. Other then that, I'm very happy with the card and the speed between my devices.UpdateTech Support never got back to me with a solution after three attempts to fix the standby issue. I ended up pulling the card out and putting in my old Intel G wireless. The annoyance of not coming out of standby ended up being more of a pain then the benefit of increase computer to computer speed. Overall internet surfing is pretty darn close.
The speed is great.  However the wireless card does not support the hardware on/off switch on my notebook.  It's not a deal breaker but it would be a nice feature when upgrading a WiFi card.  However the biggest issue I've experienced is the device will occasionally lose the wireless connection and won't reestablish unless the laptop is rebooted.
I put this in my laptop. I was not able to connect to a pre-N network, but it did work in G. I get about 20 feet out of it, and the connection quality...well...I won't use this unless I have to.Results may vary.
This basic computer stopped working a few months later. Not sure what the issue was. Disappointing because I expected a couple of years out of it.
The quality of movies on this computer is great.  Other big plusses about this notebook are the quality of the webcam and microphone, the media console, the numerous ports, and my games play nearly as well on the notebook as my desk top.  That said, Acer has some issues it has to overcome.  One thing that may disappoint many users is that Acer and Dell notebooks have compatability problems with Air Cards.  Sprint, AT&T, US Wireless cards . . .all of them, have drivers that conflict with this notebook.  One of the hardware makers told me that Acer is working on BIOS upgrades to fix these conflicts, but if you use a cellular modem, this is NOT the notebook for you yet.  Also, ACER support is not very good, they will send you disks for the software if you have issues, but you are pretty much on your own in working through them.  The lack of adequate support could be a major issue for novice users who are not familiar with troubleshooting software.  This computer comes with Windows Vista Ultimate, which leaves a lot to be desired.  I have had a few issues with ambient sound missing during some games, and I do sometimes have sound issues when using the built in video conference software, but I am never dissapointed with the quality of sound I get playing movies or DVDs.  As a side note, the Blue Ray disk is a bit noisy, to the point that it will be quite noticeable in the room if you are trying to be quiet and put headphones in, but if you are not in a noise restricted environment and can turn the volume up, it won't bother you. If you plan to use this for movies and need the versatility to play games and use the Internet, this is a good choice for you.  If you are looking for a business presentation computer, this computer needs some updates.
Advertising the mv5150 runs Linux is a gimmick to get geeks to buy it.It's a customized version of Linux, yes, but administering the mv5150 is mostly limited to the web interface. I got very frustrated when trying to setup accounts for my girlfriend and I. My shared folder worked but I could not access hers -- despite knowing the username and password. I called Tech Support and the guy said I could not access her drive because my local computer account did not match the account on the mv5150. I'm not sure why you must create a username/password on the mv5150 if it uses your local computer's username. I know this explanation was flawed but I was too frustrated to continue using it like that.I ended up loading Debian and it works great.Note: There is no CD-ROM drive or monitor output. You must find a Linux installation that works without needing user input during installation. There is a very good Debian distro which I believe is specifically for this device. I'm an average Linux user and was able to use it just fine.Conclusion: It's nice to have a small computer to use as a home server. But don't expect much from the pre-loaded software advertised as Linux.
As a nice leather cover..5 stars but the slot inside that was supposed to be for maybe a credit card/DL was too small so useless.  The slots for SD cards were too small too so useless.
One of my four computers quit reading this Passport.  I chalked it up to something wrong with the computer.  No biggie... later I copied the data and reformatted the Passport drive and it worked in the "problem" PC again.Since then, I have had three customers come to me panicked because their PC's suddenly would not read their Passports.  My PC would not recognize them either.  In all cases, I was able to retrieve the data using data-recovery software.I wouldn't buy another one of these unless it was almost free.
I got this to network two computers in my home.  Both computers have windows XP.  It was pretty easy to set up and worked fairly well.  My next purchase was an iMac computer.  The mac was easy to set up; it basically did the hookup it's self!  My XP computers were getting old, so I bought a new pc with windows 7, and this is when the problems started.  I could not  get the router to work with windows 7 - even hard wired.  I had the router for maybe 6 months at this time.  The router is shot.  I can't get it to work even if I leave my newest computer, the windows 7 unit, out of the equation.  I have been using my new pc hard wired to my modem - without the router.  My other computers are not online.  What a drag.  I am shopping for a new router and not very happy about it.  I would have thought the darned thing would last a year at least.  This was my first in home router.  I think I am going to get the Netgear WNDR3700/N600 and hope for the best.  I hope my next Netgear purchase is better than this one was.
I got this because there are so many good reviews out there, and the concept sounds like it could really work. Initially, the fans on my computer wouldn't come on anymore, which I thought to mean that it was working. However, after less than a month, my computer was hotter than ever, the fans were blasting, even my lap got warm. I examined the product, and the same basic structure was exactly the same, except many of the white fibers had turned black. I don't know if this has anything to do with it not working anymore, but I was really disappointed. The only thing I can think of is that sometimes I didn't set it on my lap, but rather on a table or on my bed, something more solid. This may have really affected its performance. Perhaps it's only meant for a lap. Either way, it is very inexpensive compared to laptop fans, so perhaps it's worth a try.
I ordered this part based on the TV model number listed in the description (62HM196). When I got the part, it was not the right one for the TV.  I called the company on Friday morning asking for the right part, and they shipped it that day with a Saturday delivery (I had paid for next day shipping on the orginal order).  The company was quick to resolve the issue and was sincere about shipping the wrong lamp.
This has gotten too expensive over the years. I'm not sure if it is practical to keep using the projector when the cost of a bulb is as much as new TV. I hope it last long.
I really like the user interface and ease of use of Pinnacle Studio.  I figured since Avid now owned this product, that the flaws and instability that plagued this product from version 8 would have been fixed.  It seems a bit better, but still not a final release product.  It behaves more like a beta version.Bottom line: it crashes.  The most frustrating thing is that it crashes sometimes after hours and hours of rendering.  That means if you have a project that takes 30 hours to render, after 25 or 29 hours you will have to start all over again.For those of you (like me) that need a program to write HD DVD discs, you can use Pinnacle Studio.  But you have to eliminate menus, special effects, and any complex rendering.  I can burn to a dual-layer DVD in HD DVD format by only using simple transitions/fades.  It is better than nothing, as there are very few HD DVD disc burning software in  the market.  Most are now only Blu-Ray.If you don't need HD DVD burning capabilities, then I recommend that you look at Sony Vegas Studio Platinum Version 9.  It is about 6 times faster and very stable.  It will do standard 480i and 1080 Blu-Ray.  I use it to make 480i videos for people that do not have an HD DVD or Blu-Ray player.  A project that takes about 25 hours in Pinnacle Studio, takes about 4 hours in Sony Vegas Studio Platinum. There are several instructional videos on You Tube that you can use and Vegas Platinum has built-in tutorials.  It isn't as intuitive as Pinnacle, but works much better and is worth the time to learn the workflow.Bottom line: If you need a HD DVD burning app, then use Pinnacle Studio to make a very simple disc.  Otherwise, stick with the more stable Sony Vegas Studio, learn the workflow, and keep your sanity.Edit: In case you were wondering what my hardware specs are:- Intel dual core 3GHz processor- 3 GB Memory- Windows XP Professional- 500 GB SATA hard drive- Dedicated to video editing only.
The Pinnacle interface is easy to use and they have been making professional editing equipment for quite some time so they understand video. The software came with a green backdrop for chromakey effect which was a nice touch. Editing videos is relatively simple, and more intuitive than Adobe Premiere. But somehow every time I try to burn a DVD it crashes. I have taken to saving the video and using a different burner software. I've uninstalled Nero as it became too top heavy and did not sync well with Pinnacle and I am just using my computers resident burner software.This software works best if you have enough processing power and RAM. You also need to have a separate graphics card (rather than integrated) to use certain video effects. It seems that some other people have had better success with burning the final DVD. If it works for you great, for me the biggest annoyance was the burn process, and I opted to use other software for it.
Ultimate studio contains an entire kit of movie making tools.  The manual is a definite need here, even though most of the tools are easy to understand, I found myself overwhelmed trying to find my way around.Before I say anymore, let me note that upon installation I received a message that my video card needed to be upgraded, but I have not found an upgrade that works on it.  Also, my PC is a bit old.  Take these into consideration when judging my comments.The first thing I noticed is that when you add videos it takes a long time to put them in the video bin.  It would refresh each video and then repaint all of them.  I got tired of that and switched to list view.The titling was good, and had lots of options.  Editing was fairly standard, but note that there are a bunch of options for almost everything.  I wished there had been more animated menu backgrounds as well.This product is a good upgrade and provides a full suite of options.
This program will not process any other files except video files. I needed to be able to process any files. Studio is a comprehensive program if you are into video exclusively. Customer service could be better.
I have five years+ under my belt working in a professional editing environment using an AVID, so I thought getting Pinnacle was the best solution for editing movies at home for youtube. Well, I guess it was the best solution considering I have a PC and not a MAC, and it isn't very expensive, but it is not intuitive at all to use.The frustration started when I got the software. I was very exciting to get it and tried to install it after work the same night it arrived, but after about 3 attempts it just wouldn't load. I looked on-line for help and found instructions ranging from "restart your computer and try again" to resetting a bunch of information in the settings on my computer. The next morning, maybe after a night in the cool air, it installed right away. It should say, "Make sure your computer is cooled off and well rested before attempting to install" so that other people don't waste hours trying the install over and over again. But I did finally get it installed.There are many things I am frustrated by each time I try and use the program. I have edited 2 projects and it isn't getting any easier. Right now I'm trying to make a DVD with chapters of the 4 youtube videos I've done to send to friends who do not have computers, and I run into problem after problem. My current problem is that I have 1 blank frame in my timeline which I can't figure out how to get rid of (when I try pushing my video up against it, it either deletes the video I'm pushing or it refuses to leave, not letting the video push), and my DVD won't render until it is gone. I didn't put a blank frame there, so I don't know where it came from. I haven't been able to figure out how to put blank frames in to my timeline yet, so I'm amazed I was able to get it to happen on accident.The problem with on-line help in forums for a product like this is that there are so many variations on how it is used, that to find somenone who is doing the exact same thing I'm doing and having the exact same trouble is difficult, so even looking for help on-line is frustrating.To be fair, I haven't read through the manual because I've been able to muddle through until now, but I'm going to be forced to look up the chapter on making a DVD with a menu/chapters before I can finish my latest project. But the controls I have been able to figure out on my own just aren't as intuitive (I'm back to that word) as on an AVID (which I have extensive manuals for which I haven't read all the way through and didn't need to read word one of to be up and running) or as I'm sure they would have been if I'd gone with Final Cut Pro.  I'm mostly doing what the manual calls AB editing, maybe if I was doing the montage editing I wouldn't be encountering the same difficulties.The program is not for someone who doesn't want to actually learn something new as there is a steep learning curve. I'll get there, but I suspect the program will still be klunky once I've figured it all out.
I've been hesitant to review this product for a couple of reasons.  I haven't used it all that much because I find some of the other video editing software I own to be more user-friendly, and I almost feel as if an amateur video hack like myself isn't qualified to review such sophisticated software as this.  Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Version 12 was designed to do some pretty impressive things, and I'm just a guy with a webcam and a little Flip camcorder who hasn't yet realized his dream of producing the next great low-budget amateur horror film; heck, I've only posted a couple of videos online over the past year.So I fired up the program again tonight just to refresh my memory on its capabilities and ease of use, and guess what happened.  As soon as I tried to capture a little video via my webcam, the whole program crashed with no explanation.  I tried it again, and the same thing happened.  My PC hardware is more than capable of supporting this program, so the fact that the capture process basically doesn't work for me has to result in a major point reduction in terms of my rating.  As I wait for the program to restart once again, I can't help but notice the significant loading time - another point deduction.  Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Version 12 is a real memory hog.  That's not necessarily a criticism on my part, though; this powerful of a program is naturally going to require a decent amount of your system resources; on the other hand, who needs this kind of hassle when all you want to do is post a short video of your dog on YouTube?So I go to choose an existing video for editing.  Naturally, I want to scroll through a number of my available files to find the right one.  Unfortunately, the software isn't as high on that idea as I am, as it commences to hose up the first time I choose to advance in my designated folder.  It's enough to make me give up for a few minutes and wander over to Facebook.  What if I just want to make a slideshow of various pictures?  That's quick and easy - but doing something so simple in this program is sort of like taking an 18-wheeler down the block just to pick up groceries.I can't complain about the extra features included with the actual product, though.  Boris Graffiti is a great program for creating impressive title animations.  Magic Bullet Looks gives you dozens and dozens of style choices to use for any given video.  ProDAD VitaScene lets you add effectively subtle effects and transitions to your projects.  Finally, it goes without saying that the inclusion of a green screen sheet is definitely a plus.Based on my experience, Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Version 12 is just a little too buggy, non-intuitive, and crash-happy for the average person.  If you're a hardcore video editor on a budget, though, I think this software is certainly worth a look.  The ability to work with and produce high definition video is a feather in Pinnacle's hat, even though you'll probably need a pretty powerful computer and lots of patience to get things working the way you want.
I picked up this program because it was recommended to me as being very easy to use for someone like myself who has never done any video editing. It was a very good program withing minutes I was creating my own videos with great effects and music added to it. I really do like this program the problem is, it is the glitchiest program I have ever had. I will ad a clip but wont be able to hear the preview unless I play it multiple times, it crashes quite a bit but luckly it saves all the work you have done so when you load it again (which is pretty noticeably slow loading time) you dont have to start from scratch. But for the problems I encounter with it, I do not regret my purchase because at the end of the day it allows me to make the type of videos I want.
I own Adobe Premiere Elements 3 and 4, so I am going to be comparing Pinnacle Studio to Premiere Elements.I have been using the Studio Beta 12.1 downloaded from Pinnacle's web site, so this review reflects the Beta program.Studio is a decent program, it has features similar to Premiere Elements. In general, Premiere Elements has more tuning features than Pinnacle Studio. For example, consider the task of rendering a movie to MPEG. Pinnacle Studio allows you to choose bitrate and frame size, and that's about it. Adobe Premiere also lets you choose I-frame and P-frame spacing, and field order.On the other hand, Premiere Elements crashes a lot. Some of the features appearing in its menus simply don't work. It is my least favorite piece of software by a wide margin. No bug fixes either: Premiere Elements 4 has lived its entire life without an update from Adobe. Premiere Elements 7 has already been announced. Pinnacle Studio Ultimate 12 is quite new, yet a 12.1 beta is already available. Pinnacle wants to fix problems, that's great!My issues with Pinnacle Studio all seem to involve high definition video output, which is probably not used by most customers of this program. Here are the issues I have found so far:I cannot find a way to output 1080P (progressive) video. 1080I (interlaced) output is possible though.A Studio "project" has to be created as a high definition project or a standard definition project. You can't have it both ways. If you try, certain features will fail to work properly.In a project consisting of still photos (a slideshow project), I started off by manually creating the project as a high definition project. After much time spent editing and authoring, I found that 1080I output failed. The program popped up a warning "aspect ratio is incorrect." The solution is to NOT use the manual method to set the project as a HD project. Instead, drop a large JPEG onto the editing time line, and wait for the program to ask you if you want high definition or standard definition.That last bit of awkwardness is an example of how unpleasant Pinnacle Studio can be. On the other hand, Adobe Premiere Elements is far more unpleasant in this regard, and it has other problems (stated above). In fact, I would dump Premiere Elements in favor of Pinnacle Studio, except for the fact that I really need 1080P output.For folks that don't deal with high definition video, this is a nice program to use. Certainly, it is much better than Premiere Elements. If there is a better product in the same price range, please, someone speak up.
Up front, I'd rate the software at 4.0, the technical support at zero.  But weighting the software as the primary importance, I give it an overall 3.I purchased Pinnacle Studio 12 Ultimate to help me edit my AVCHD files created while using my Canon Vixia HG20 camera (records in high definition).  I purchased it after trying the trial version of both Pinnacle Plus and Sony's Vegas Movie Studio.  I chose Pinnacle primarily because of ease of use.  Sony's Vegas Movie studio was quicker to edit, and seemed more powerful, but it was more difficult to learn, and I didn't intend to spend a lot of time editing movies.  I also liked some of the extra features of Pinnacle (like the montages).The software generally works as advertised, but I continue to have a problem importing files from my camera, using the file/import/source method (a problem I did not have with the trial studio plus version).  Pinnacle technical support is woefully inadequate in trying to resolve this problem, but more on that later.  The good news is that there are relatively simple workarounds to file/import problem that allows me to copy the files to my computer and then bring them into the Pinnacle workspace.I learned in the process of working with technical support to resolve the above problem, that according to Pinnacle, I needed a core 2 quad CPU machine running at 2.66 to process AVCHD files.  I had not seen that advertised anywhere.  The good news is that my machine meets that requirement.  But beware if your intent is to edit AVCHD files.In general I'm happy with the software.  It's pretty easy to use (I created a DVD without reading any instructions).  Has lots of fun features.  Runs relatively well on my Core 2 Quad computer with 6MB RAM.  And it does more than what I want / need / will probably ever use.I bought the training DVD and find that extremely useful.  It was a bit expensive, but it exposed me to a variety of capabilities I doubt I would have figured out on my own.As with many others though, I am very displeased with Pinnacle technical support.  I won't bore you with all the details, but in summary, I went on chat twice, and both times were unsatisfactory.  Sometimes, the answers the chat person wrote back to me were clearly intended for someone else (they were nonsense to my problem).  More frustrating though, was that after long waits, they would ask questions I'd already answered, precipitating another long wait.  And of course in the end, the chat persons said they could not help me and I needed to call technical support.  Bottomline, all chat could do was refer me to FAQs I'd already explored.So I went on the phone, and after about 45 minutes of more painful and basic questioning, They finally said they needed to refer me to level 2 support.  But I have yet to be able to make contact with level 2 support.  They would not connect me directly (nor give me a phone number).  Instead, they insisted I would get called back within 24 hours.  Of course, 5 days later, I haven't been called back.So I tried the e-mail routine, and after 8 days, and five responses, it's clear those who answer the e-mail also don't read what the customer has submitted, and are not likely going to be able to address the issue.  They seem to know less about the software than I do, so they either ask some very basic systems questions (which I had already answered in my initial question if they would have read it) or they search their own FAQs for keywords that might have meaning (and do not).  Very frustrating to say the least.And my specific issue (the file/import/source issue mentioned above) remains unresolved.UPDATE:  Pinnacle technical support could not resolve my "import" problem in Ultimate and recommended I use a series of work arounds.New software issue ... I installed Pinnacle Premium Pack Volume 1, and all the audio files were trash (literally complete static).  And again, technical support has been painful, slow and so far, of no help.  This one should be easy to solve-I'm guessing it the DVD installation routine corrupted the .wav files (or they weren't packed correctly in the first place) -- but apparently it's not that simple.
Pinnacle Studio Ultimate version 12 SoftwareThis product was problematic and troublesome when I first received it and I had issues with support. I really wanted to like it as I've used other Pinnacle software and hardware over time. I had trouble installing it but my computer at the time was also problematic so I was trouble shooting multiple problems at the same time. I didn't want to take out my frustrations on the product at the time. Support couldn't help me but to be fair, my PC was a bucket of hurt also.There are now newer hopefully better versions out there and maybe I'll one day, give them another try. Now this is an old product and can easily be avoided. I'm sure some people had no issues and would take their commentary as coming from a more stable environment.
I was very happy to find a software package (Version 12) that matched the specs of my HD video camera.  I didn't want to lose the 1080p resolution and quality, and this version does fit the bill.  I admit that I am only a mild user of video editing and compilation.  However, in my limited use of the product, I did find that the user interface and processing time between activities and screens was pretty slow (I'd say plodding).  I could be misplacing the blame and the real culprit could be file size and length, but it didn't seem like it to me.  My only previous experience with similar software was with Windows Movie Maker, and this Pinnacle version seems to be similar in appearance and layout, but with some more bells and whistles.  Maybe the new version will streamline some of the functionality and speed things up a little...
After using Ulead VideoStudio DVD 7 for video editing for 4 years, I decided I'd try making the switch over to something newer, possibly better.  Pinnacle Studio Ultimate Version 12 turned out to be superior in many ways, inferior in others.  I'm sorry I can't compare Pinnacle Version 12 to earlier Pinnacle versions, but I hope anyone who is looking for new editing software will find this review helpful.Things I liked about Pinnacle Version 12:*The ability to adjust the volume within a single video clip or audio clip; i.e. make the first part of the clip loud, then get quieter, then get louder, or whatever.*The ability to "lock" the audio or the video in place.  In my other program, if you had an audio clip matched to a video clip, but you later deleted some video clips earlier on in the video, those 2 video & audio clips would not be in sync anymore.  With Pinnacle 12, you can lock them together so they'll remain in sync, or unlock them later if you choose.*Lots of great transitions and audio effects!  Big plus.*The program lets me save my movie files in many different formats, including MPEG 1, 2, & 4, MOV, DivX, AVI, RealMedia, Windows Media, Sony PSP-compatible, and iPod compatible.  I especially appreciated this last one, and have enjoyed watching my creations on my iPod Nano.*Videos look great.Things I didn't like about this product:*My computer is running on the minimum system requirements for this software (plus a little extra RAM).  However, many times, I'll go to preview a video and I'll hear all the audio, but it'll get stuck on one frame of video for several seconds or even minutes.*I have a 13-inch monitor, and it feels like it is too small to accommodate this software.  When I'm trying to click on a piece of the video to drag it, or when I'm trying to manipulate the audio within a scene, I have to be able to precisely click on a very specific area, and I find myself making 6-7 mis-clicks before, almost accidentally, getting it right.  This is time-consuming and frustrating.  I think if you have a big monitor you should be fine, but if yours is small like mine, you may also experience my problem.*I have not been able to find a way to make a 10-minute video to under 100MB without it looking terrible and grainy.  (Luckily, now that YouTube allows videos up to 1 Gig, this isn't a big deal for me anymore.)Though it certainly has a lot of fun features, and I've successfully made several videos using Pinnacle, I've found it difficult to get truly comfortable with this program.  I find myself going back to Ulead for most of my projects, because it feels more familiar.  I know my way around it.  Even after using Pinnacle for months, I don't feel very comfortable with it.  However, I will continue to switch off between Ulead and Pinnacle and hope that Pinnacle grows on me.*****UPDATE July, 2011: I now exclusively use Pinnacle and I've grown very comfortable with this software. It's not perfect, but it's good.  Sometimes it does freeze (I'm using a different, better computer now than I was when I wrote the above review, and yet...)  But overall I'm very happy with the product.  I've made some great projects with it, and the more I use it, the better I get at using it.
I set about evaluating video editing software after getting a Canon HF100 HD camcorder (excellent, by the way).  I spent a lot of time with CyberLink's PowerDirector 7 as a free 30 day download.  I found it excellent in every way except its proclivity for making coasters out of expensive, dual-layer DVDs, and it did a lot of that.  Everything was great until I tried to actually burn a DVD.  Since that just wasn't working out, I turned to my second choice: Studio 12.First of all, they don't offer an evaluation download, and by that fact alone I would not have even considered it if PowerDirector 7 had worked.  After reading the reviews, I decided to take a chance and actually buy it without evaluating it first.  Definitely a risk, and Pinnacle ought to be slapped for making people do that with software this expensive.Anyway, I was able to bring in to my project the HiDef (.dts) clips I'd downloaded from the memory card in the camera.  I didn't even try to see if Studio 12 would recognize the camera connected via USB.  I found editing reasonably easy, although I missed the multi-trim feature in PowerDirectory.  Once I took the time to actually read the manual (PDF file), things went pretty well, although I liked the simplicity of PowerDirector better, and more intuitive.  So when it finally came time to render and produce a DVD, I was anxious to see if this actually would work under Vista.  PowerDirector would crash almost every time during the burning process.  An important feature in Studio 12 that PowerDirector lacks (apparently) is the ability to create a true image file that can later be used directly in the tool to burn a DVD.  PowerDirector will save a series of files in a directory of your choice, but it can't burn a DVD directly from them, at least not on my computer.  Studio 12 was able to create both a standard DVD of the HD content (not in HD, of course), as well as a AVCHD disc of true HD content (menus don't work in this format, but you get real HD quality).  Both products support burning to true Blu-Ray, but the discs are too expensive to waste if anything goes wrong.Without going to a lot of detail about how to do things in either of these products, here's what I would advise:Download CyberLink's PowerDirector 7 and give it a try.  I liked every thing about it better EXCEPT when it came time to burn a DVD.  I thought the interface was more intuitive, easier to use, and at least as powerful as Studio 12.  If you're able to burn DVDs successfully with it every time, then go with it.If, however, you have trouble creating DVDs due to program crashes (and they were frequent), take a chance and buy Studio 12.  I have issues with being nickel and dimed to death to unlock stuff, and installation took forever, but in the end, I got functional DVDs with regular and HiDef content that work on my Blu-Ray player, and I could burn new copies from the image files created without re-rendering.  I should mention that I did not attempt all the things mentioned in other reviews, so I can't vouch for whether they work or not.  If you don't like it, well, good luck getting your money back.  There are lots of cheaper packages out there if you don't need HD capability.
I've spent a couple hours with this software, and I still can't get it do what I want. When I first purchased my Sony camcorder, it came with software that allowed me to put custom titles on different video chapters before burning to DVD. It was very easy to use, and I figured it out in about five minutes. However, it only worked on XP, and my video PC is now running Vista.So I thought this product could replace that one and more. And it probably can, but I can't figure out how to accomplish this simple task.I think they spent too much time stuffing the big green sheet in the box, and not enough time crafting an easy-to-understand user manual. So if you're the kind of video editor that is really keen to get their hands on a lime green sheet (and have some idea why you want such a thing packaged with your video editing software), this is the product for you.However, if you're not a budding George Lucas, but just Joe Dad who wants to put together a simple DVD with chapter titles for the grandparents, I would recommend looking for a simpler product.I will try to update this review when I've had a lot more time to spend with this software.Like after my kids are grown.
Warnings before you buy this product:- not for amateurs in that it is not an intuitive product- to use the blu-ray features then you need to have a blu-ray burner, which in 2008 prices mean a $600 additional expense as most current computers do not come with blu-ray burnerswe found loading the software easy enough, but then we tried to load a HD movie from a panasonic pocket camera and we started having problems and errors alert.  At first, the program did not recognize the format, but if you leave it running then the program renders the format into edit mode. Then to burn the dvd was relatively easy, pending on the speed of your computer.  We use the idvid and imovie from Apple alot and found the former a lot more user friendly and sleaker than pinnacle product.  In fact we found a lot of the available formats looked 'dated' in pinnacle - as much as 3 years ago.Pinnacle may have come up with an improved product, but it is still far behind from a slick format and functionalities.  We believe this product would work for an advanced home user with a PC; any semi pro to pros would be using Apple and not this product.
I started using Pinnacle with version 8, then version 9. For some these have worked well. I had mostly favorable results for my limited use. Version 10 received a "no" vote in most of the reviews I read and held out for Version 11. I liked 11 for creating photo slide shows, but had limited success editing raw video, in particular the format from my Sanyo Xacti. I eagerly upgraded to Studio 12 Ultimate as soon as it was released to put it to work based on the promise of new features, including newer digital video formats. I have all but abandoned the software at this point due to the lack of stability (crashes/freezes) on any of my test installs, both Vista SP1 32-bit and Windows XP SP2/SP3, 2+ GB RAM. I will give it another try after hearing 12.1 is coming up. Otherwise, this is the last time Pinnacle will see me as a customer.
I called Comcast on three separate occasions and spoke to three entirely different technicians trying to get this modem to work with Comcast not to mention other calls on another modem that also wouldn't work with Comcast. Some of these techs have no clue as to what is going on here while others seem to really know what they are doing which led me to the conclusion that Comcast will absolutely NOT accept this modem. This was around July 2012. Hope this saves somebody a few hours on the phone and some $$$$I gave it three stars because for all I know it may be a great modem or it may not. I wouldn't know as I couldn't use it.
The service was great. Baja could not get it to operate. The seller was great. My refund was very fast
I spent 37 dollars to buy a used modem from Amazon warehouse. This is the same model as the one I have from Comcast. I then called Comcast to replace their modem with this one. The process was extremely easy. They need the CMAC address from the modem to register it with my account. Then they walked me through the provision/reset process. The person helping me was extremely professional and friendly. After ten to twenty minutes, I am free from the $7.00 monthly rental fee!!! I just cannot believe that I have been paying monthly rental fees for almost ten years now.I don't know why some reviewers say it is not working especially for the one reviewer in Fremont, CA, who posted his review three months earlier. I live not very far away from there. You do not need the more expensive model, TM722G (DOCSIS 3.0) as one reviewer claims you need. TM502G is of DOCSIS 2.0 and supports up to 40 mbps. If the internet speed you buy is less than that, then this modem is more than enough.The only complaint I have is that the modem is not "like new". It is actually very worn out. But I guess I cannot ask too much for so very little money I paid. I can recover the cost in five months. After that, I am saving the rental fee month by month. For that, I am very happy.
The modem works great, unfortunately it did not come with the correct power cable, I had to go buy my own cable in order for the cable modem to work (Thanks for the modem!).
I COULD NEVER GET IT TO WORK WITH MY TIME WARNER SERVICEI MUST BE DOING SOMETHING WRONG  USEING THERE OLD ONE STILL
Great case but it doesnt fit super snugly against the top case. I wrote mcover and they say that is how it is designed, to absorb impact. Not sure how I feel about that but none the less, great case to protect my investment.
It will break easily, you will have to take care of the case just like you would the macbook if it was not in the case.  The bottom tabs break the easiest.
The product arrived today. I was happy to see that the battery was lighter than I had expected.On the other hand, I was disappointed with the design.  To charge your battery and phone, you have to take the wall adaptor, a cable to charge the battery and a separate cable to charge your iphone. One cable to charge both battery and phone would have been better.Also, the power output isn't that great.  After purchasing the product, I found several other products that offer much better power output and for equal or less money.Finally, it comes with a 2 year Kensington warranty, while the fore mentioned cheaper batteries do not come with.Put it all together and it's only a so so product.  Not bad, not great.If I could do it again, I would keep looking for a great product.Fastmac offers a great battery for the iPhone, with a flash and looooong battery life, but it costs a lot more than this battery.  Still, I'd look into it.
However, it is not a fantastic product, either.  I purchased this only a month or so ago, and am now needing to remove this from my phone.  First, the cons:  While it does protect the glass screen from scratches due to its inherent thickness, the mirror's surface itself is not scratch resistant.  Over the course of perhaps one month the mirror was full of scratches.  And the only pocket I even place the phone in has a soft fabric lining.  The second is that for some reason the mirror makes touches seem like they linger.  For example, I would switch the phone on, and tap any icon.  The phone will think that I am holding down the icon instead of tapping, and cause the phone to go into "reorder icons" mode.  This is probably just a side-effect of the material.And now for the Pros: It is indeed a reflect screen.  I certainly received a few compliments regarding that.  It had the added bonus of obfuscating the screen when viewed at the more extreme angles, which nicely provides some privacy.In all, it was a fun product even though it only lasted roughly two months before the screen was unusable due to scratches.  If the product came with more than one screen, or if the price was brought down from $15, it would definitely be worth it.
Like the title states, this device looks cool in your rig, but it is a bit cheaply put together.The installation is a bit rocky since there is NO Win7 support and it's really designed for WinXP, which has the WMC direct boot feature.Setting up the software for this device is horrible. The menu tree is very hard to navigate and getting it up and running is too much of a chore. I now use it mostly to adjust volume and show-off. Ha!One more complaint (sorry) the device receives it's power from an adapter that plugs between your mobo and the 24-pin power plug! It does not snap together well and is a bad design! But I suppose molex's don't supply constant power, which this device requires.Otherwise, it looks really cool in my rig and I can adjust the volume quickly when watching YouTube videos :-p
Wanting a 'squiddie' type of multi-usb hub that I could plug into the front of my Dell, I chose this one.  By using two USB ports, I guess it draws enough power so it doesn't require a separate power source.  Unfortunately I find it to be hit and miss with the ability to connect successfully.  I've had a couple of flash drives and my motorola cell phone fail to connect through it, yet when I plug them directly into the Dell at the same port the hub was plugged into, they work.  On another day, they'll work through the hub . . . I can't find a pattern.  Hence it's OK, but I'm still looking for a better squiddie.
the keyboard looks items looks great but unfortunatly I ordered the wrong one :(I was planning to order a wireless but i finished with ordering this keyboard by mistake.anyow, the only problem is the international shipping it took long long time to get it deliviered.I bought again the same keyboard but wireless through ebay and it might take only 10 days to be delivered internationaly and the price is chepper.anyhow, I still like the way amazon orgnized, it looks better than ebay :)
It works well but does not work long, The software for the back-up is mearly trial-ware and expires. The DVD drive disappeared after a year, leaving the unit as a catalog of discs only. There is a reason there are more expensive units on the market, they last longer.
The fan is load and it has shut down automatically due to over heating issues. not sure how long it will last
its is used the controller isnt the best shape the console is a 2usb no cardreaders but is still the fast better playstation ths one is not backwards compatable but ive been playing it its been good so far and nyco sells an adapter that gives you 4 usb ports so its not too bad
I was about to order this product, for i am in need of a Wireless N adapter for my computer.Unfortunately i do not own a "descktop" computer.This saddens me. Maybe this is some sort of supercomputer that needs extra letters to show how great it is.
I have now had this product for just under two years and it has completely stopped functioning.  I received this as part of my laptop in order to copy pictures from my memory card.  Unfortunately, I have had it less than two years and it has lost the ability to read cards.  The laptop recognized the device is inserted into the machine, but it does not read to card when placed into the adapter.I recommend purchasing a usb memory card adapter for much cheaper.
I normally don't write reviews, however... after seeing how much I got ripped off for this, I'm willing to let others know. This EXACT pole can be picked up at Tractor Supply for $2.50 each. It works great if you don't have much tension on the wire... otherwise you will need to zip tie it against a metal or wood post.
This is just a "cute" cover. You have to remove the doggone thing to charge your phone which becomes a hassle because it stretches the cover out of place.I purchased my phone in July and it is March and the thing needs to go into the trash. I just ordered another one from a seperate company. If you want it just for the "cute" covering I say go for it. If not. Don't BUY! A waste of money.
Microsoft Wireless Optical Desktop 3.0 Comfort Edition - Keyboard - wireless ( RF ) - 104 keys - Yes - mouse - RF USB / PS/2 receiver - PS/2, USB - OEM (pack of 3 )The keyboard quality is fine. I wish the transmitter/receiver was more powerful. I'm like no more than 12 inches away and if ant little thing gets in the way of the path of the "line of sight" I get connection issues with my mouse. Just be sure that there is a very clear path with this baby!
I purchased this Frisby enclosure to match some recently acquired Apple gear that I had picked up.  I wanted to clarify a few things for everyone that is shopping for the same enclosure.1) The top is NOT Aluminum.  It is plastic, painted silver and screened with the Frisby logo.  The top plastic part is white, and is actually of reasonably good quality as far as color matching is concerned.2) The Mounting posts inside are brittle (these posts hold the silver plastic top to the metal base).  Mine arrived with a damaged internal post because the factory had 'over-tightened' a screw.3) Throughput is just OK.  I'm running a 640gb Western Digital Caviar SE16 in this enclosure (SataII 3.0gbps).  I'm only getting 'decent' speeds with this.  May be attributable to USB 2.0 bus, as compared to the chipset, but this thing is certainly NOT a blazing fast external option.4) There is not an internal cooling fan.  Some sites list this as including an internal fan, while there is certainly space for one, the option has not been included.5)  I'd shop around before deciding on this enclosure.  It'll do the trick, but I wouldn't buy it if you need a 'rugged' mobile solution, OR if you're looking for good disk speed... Because it's definitely not optimal.I've owned this enclosure for a few months, first power-supply was shot.  Sent it to the company for a replacement.  Tested on a 3.4ghz Quad Core Intel P35 machine and my MacBook Pro 2.4ghz Penryn.
It's a router.  worked well when used.  no issues.  setting in a box right now as I have one from cable provider.  a bunch of words are required by amazon to leave feedback.
I was a bit hesitant after reading the negative reviews.  I bought this refurb unit anyways since it's the cheapest modem/wireless router combo available.  The Comcast technician set it up with no problems. After calling in the MAC address, the unit took about 5 min to recognize the signal.  Have not had any hangups.  The wireless features are easy to configure. I connect it with my labtop and iTouch and both works flawlessly for about 4 days now.Tested it outside the house with the iTouch and the signal locked on from 50 ft away.  Glad I made the purchased.Update (9/2011)  Wow, can't believe I've had this item for almost 2 yrs now.  After a couple of weeks out of the box, the wireless part started to act up.  Signal drops all the time when connected to my labtop on wireless. I spent many phone calls with tech support and finally exchanged for another RM unit thru the linksys customer service.... I found a Linksys Forum where many others had the same problem - it sounded like a very well know flaw with this combo unit.I since then use a hard ethernet connection to my labtop and forgo the wireless and like others said, the modem function is flawless.  I still keep wireless on for the iTouch as well as for a UMA connection to my Blackberry.  I get no difference at all with the voice quality and there's no cell phone charge when on UMA.  I wish the wireless function works on the labtop but it doesn't.
First they sent me another model that is not in the picture. Poor information first use. It was frustrating to put it to work. After all right.
The stylus works ok. I have to apply a little extra pressure sometimes to get it going. I wanted the tip to be more angled like a pen or pencil, but it works better than using my fingers. Nicely designed and useful.
fine delivery, accurate. Unfortunately, would not accommodate a perfectly reasonable request for a return/exchange. Below average customer support.
This item will work if your card has an ending point. If your card have been formatted and the end mark have been erased it will not work.
Don't really use enough to givea good review but it's a quick fix to a problem.
I bought this router because I thought I could use it in bridge mode to connect a wired Ethernet device to my d-link router controlled wireless network.  I was unable to do this because according to the Tp-Link documentation, both routers must support bridge mode and I found out too late, my d-link does not.  I did not understand what I really needed was a wireless client device.  Someone else, more knowledgeable, may be able to do what i was trying to do, but I simply bought a wireless client and it worked perfectly with my current wireless network and d-link router.If you are trying to add a network device, that is not wireless, to your wireless network search for a network gaming adapter or wireless client.
This device has a unique configuration of features which generally work as represented.  It also has a sleek appearance and has tolerated being dropped a couple times during use.  Because of the unique configuration that meets my needs, I have bought nine (9) of these so far.The bad news is that the support is (at least in the United States) among the poorest I have experienced with a moderately priced consumer audio device. My first email got what appeared to be a standard email reply.  When I emailed back explaining in detail my problem, I did not receive any response.  I have emailed a couple more times over a period of a several months with no reply.  The problem is a basic one related to multi-channel output on Windows Vista and 7.  The problem does not occur on Windows XP.  The Web-based and printed documentation that the company provides is dated 2009, and I suspect that the software native to the device has not been updated for the newer Window platforms.  ...Just a guess.  But since I have not gotten any useful response from the company, I cannot say for sure.  I would like to have more positive things to say about this device because the hardware is impressive.
It's a nice wallet and the pen is pretty smooth.  However, the size is too thick. Besides, the tip of the pen comes out easily (when I put the wallet in the pocket of my pant and keep walking.  Overall, it is still a nice wallet.
This product is nice because it is relatively compact and sturdy.  It does use quite a bit of USB power, so you will have to plug it directly into your machine and not into a USB hub.  But it has a heat and cool function and doesn't make any noise or even feel hot/cool to the touch aside from the plate. It also has a nice, long cord.My major annoyance, however, is with the heating/cooling plate.  The size of my mug is slightly larger than the plate, so it does not do a good job of keeping my drink warm.  I can tell that the device itself is working because the plate is warm, but it probably won't warm your cup unless it makes direct contact with it. (ie. the cup  has to be flat on the plate). I'm trying a smaller cup this time, hopefully it will work nicely. I haven't tried the cooling function yet, should be interesting.
still havent even come close to filling this thing up. on my camera with the high quality setting it does about 500 pics if i remember right.i occasionally have a problem when reviewing my pictures my camera wont show the image and will say file not found or something like that. sometimes the picture will reappear later and sometimes not.**i have edited this review from original as more and more i get the error saying image not found which is really annoying. when i hook it up to the computer it doesnt give me the error, but i havent tested to see if they are actually showingup via the computer either as i have so many pictures and i obviously cant see which ones are generating the error on my camera because its just a black square stating error.i dont regret the buy, but i know one of these days its going to error on a really important picture!
I've used dozens of laptops over the years at a software company I used to work for (test lab) and I never gave any a second thought regarding the ease which which to use the touchpad. Years ago, some of the machines with just a trackpoint were difficult to use and needed an external mouse.But This E6400 has the worse touchpad I've ever encountered. I never thought to even consider the performance of it while doing my online research. I was looking to replace a 5 year old Thinkpad in which the touchpad is extremely precise on a 1600x1200 15" screen. The E6400 has a larger dot pitch and I still wander all over the screen trying to get a feel for the thing. It's impossible!I've given it about month thinking that I would eventually get used to it, but I haven't.The quiet keyboard (backlit), bright LED screen, dual-DVI dock, and SD slot are the big "pros", but how can one use this thing without a good input device? Carrying around an external mouse, regardless of how small it is, is not an option. What is the point of "portability" if I have to drag around "extras". Besides, I'm more picky about my mice. I was also a little disappointed in the size and weight of the E6400.
I was just typing my review this very moment and my E6400 did the very thing that's driven me nuts from day one: It spontaneously aborted what I was typing. I believe there's something about the sensitivity of the keyboard and mouse that misinterprets hand motions and pressures as odd key combos that do things like send email messages in mid-composition.It opens odd dialog boxes when I clearly have not pressed the associated hotkey or key combo, spontaneously selects and overtypes/deletes text, and otherwise behaves unpredictably. This is by far the most annoying aspect of this box.The second-most-annoying attribute of the E6400: The sound quality. It is abyssmal, utterly pathetic, virtually non-existent. I'm not sure what the built-in sound card is, but I strongly recommend replacing it.The E6400 can't hold a candle to my ancient Latitude E600, which it replaced, in terms of build and overall quality. I can't believe I'm nostalgiac for that box, but there it is! I'm also disappointed that Dell opted to return to horizontally-oriented USB ports with the E series, when vertically-oriented ports make so much more sense from an access perspective.Another quibble: Our desktop tech immediately disabled the fingerprint-recognition function when we realized that having it enabled meant that the computer could not be used in a docking station. Slight design miscalculation, Dell?Overall I have to say I'm not very impressed. Sure, it's faster (supposedly) and has more memory and storage, but other than that I don't think of this as much of an upgrade. I was just really used to the reliability of my old Latitude, so I find this one decidedly lacking.
The bag is really nice, but the chemicals in the fabric are strong!  I tried airing out for too long and now, it's just past the time to return it.  I guess I can only look at it through a plastic bag, at this point.
The Item was over all Good and lasted as long as you did not take it out and in a lot. I used it for my PSP because Pro Dual's are really expensive. Worked Great for its job 2 16gb Micro SD in it for 32 gb on PSP.
I'm giving this a 3 because of it's potential.  I purchased 1 inserted an 8gb Sandisk MicroSDHC in slot 1, everything worked great for about an hour in my PSP.  Then it stopped working. Slot 2 would not accept a card at all due to a bad pin inside the adaptor.I am going to RMA (hopefully they'll exchange it) mine, and will report back.The construction is fairly poor due to the fact that this thing has to be fairly thin to accept the MicroSDHC, I guess.  If someone else has another Memory Stick DUO Pro to MicroSDHC that's not a photofast it would be nice to compare the construction.  I would not plan on changing the MicroSDHC cards after their initial insertion.
This item comes with a nice package, but itself does not look very solid (made of thin plastic and you should hold it very carefully when the slots are empty - very easy to bend and break). I used one slot of the two (with one 16G class 10 micro SD card), and tested it on my PSP and a SONY camera. It is hard to install the card - the adapter is thicker than normal memory sticks so I have to push hard. I could not feel the lock so I dont know if the adapter is locked or got stuck - simply push it as far as possible. And later if you want to take it out, you may need tools like tweezers (you can not pull it out with your fingers only).Both devices recognize the card. But I was not able to format the card with my PSP (camera is okay). If you use your computer to format the card, you'll need to copy or create the necessary folders for your SONY device. The Read and Write of the card is okay (saving and loading a game, or transferring files in USB mode). The PSP may freeze a while when you exit the USB mode. I tested the R/W speed on PSP, the micro card itself (class 10) reaches 10+ M/s on PC but if you R/W through the device and the adapter you probably will get 5 M/s.To conclude, this item does its job, but do not expect too much.
I gave this a 3/5 because when using the device, it is super flimsy and fragile. It has a high chance to snap or break if you aren't careful. That being said, it worked as expected with a few setbacks. The one I received didn't seem to work with 2 micro SD cards of differing capacities. Strange. It worked with say 2 1gb cards, but not a 1gb and 512mb card.Consider how careful you are and your intended purpose. If it is a high wear situation (taking it out and putting it back into something often) then this is going to break fast. If you leave it in your camera or psp and use a USB cable instead to connect to a computer, then you are fine.
The moment I held the CR-5400 in my fingers, I noticed it's not as "solid" as a regular memory stick duo pro without any microsd cards inserted and it's somewhat flexible. But it doesn't worry me too much since I will probably never take out the two 8gb microsdhc cards that I have inserted.When I inserted two 8gb Kingston microsdhc cards and tried to format it with my PSP, I received an error. I was, however, able to format the format the CR-5400 with the two microsd cards inserted with my camera, as it was a sony product. Afterward I was able to use it on my psp.Another thing I had trouble understanding was switching the microsd cards. Since after I formatted the CR-5400 with the microsd cards, I took the microsd in slot 2 out and wanted to see if I was able to use just 8gbs that was inserted in slot 1. It didn't work, instead my psp asked me to format the CR-5400. So does that mean we have to in a way "assign" microsd card pairs?? That is something I always wondered when I read the directions on how to use the CR-5400.I am still very satisfied with the CR-5400 despite some of it's flaws. There is no difference in the read and write speed between using the CR-5400 and an actual memory stick duo pro, and in some instances the CR-5400 is faster in performance. And this using the CR-5400 and microsd cards is the way to go as to opposed to actually using actual and expensive memory stick duo pros! A real money saver!
Although this product showed up within the time frame that it said it would, and the card works just fine, the company I ordered it from does indeed take up the time for shipping it claims it will. This card took over a month to get to me. Other then that, I have no complaints. Just be warned, shipping times are indeed expected to be weeks on end!
First, it does what is supposed to...that is...host two 16 GB microSD cards and thus far, allow read and write.  There are two technical things that I do not like about this.  One, this card is used in a camera.  Because of the nature of this adapter, I have a constant splash screen that reminds me that &#34;this card may not record video&#34; almost after every picture taken.  Second, the read/write speeds are VERY slow.  If you are using this for a camera (which are essentially the only reasons why one would use this product anymore), you will get no burst speed shots.  I would probably not rely on this card reader (with micoSD card in place, of course) to capture spur of the moment shots.Finally, I'm not going to ever order a product from overseas again.  This small little thing took well over a month to be shipped (for free) here.  But I probably deserved it when I settle for &#34;free&#34;.  Lesson learned.I also would not get more than 16 GB cards per slot.
Got this to create a large capacity MS pro duo for my PSP. Worked fine in the PSP but it was definitely a bit finicky and produced different results when inserting into PSP or a card reader. Takes a couple extra seconds for the PSP to read from it when turning it on compared to an actual quality pro duo card, but it gets the job done and hasn't stopped working yet!
For the price, what do you expect. But I thought the plastic thickness would at least be able to stand up to being slid in and out of a SD Card reader repeatedly. Boy was I wrong. it ended up cracking & I had to use scotch tape to hold it together. It still works though.
This is a great tool but, very flimsy. It started cracking in places and I almost had a major problem with it, but then I just reinforced it at the seems & crack with a thin layer of superglue & AMAZING!!! I have no problem ordering another... I have 2 16gb micro SD s in it and that is much better than the standard 4gb or 8gb I had for PSP 3000... !!!BUY TWO!!!
I got this product with high hopes to use with the sony hdr-cx12 camcorder.  after some fighting between formatting the cr-5400 with 2x8gb sdhc memory, the camcorder finally recognizes the memory card and will capture to the device. unfortunately, it would give me inconsistent results, therefore i'm now hoping to return the product.such a let down, but for anyone interested to in having this work with the sony camcorder, i didn't have much luck :(
Note: HXSW42 Matrix Switcher does not support splitter function. It can NOT display the same source signal (Input) on both displays simultaneously - reason for three stars.Connect up to 4 digital AV source devices such as HD DVD players, Digital Cable Boxes, Satellite Receivers, Game Consoles, Computers, etc..(INPUTs) and send any of these digital AV sources to either HD displays (OUTPUTs) independently. This HDMI Matrix switcher has two ways to switch between the AV sources. One way is via the IR remote control that is provided with the unit and the other way is using the front panel select buttons.Thanks for reading my review.
The unit's air intakes extend out behind the laptop. The flaw is that that's also where (my laptop, at last) vents much of its own heat. As a result, the Zither's intakes are actually sucking back a lot of that hot, vented air, creating a feedback loop thereby undoing much of the product's effect. This can be easily overcome by fashioning a protective hood with its opening to the Zither's own rear and slipping it over those intakes. By doing so, you shield them from the vented air, above, and restrict their incoming source to the much cooler air at the very back. In my case, I just used scissors and some moderately stiff cardboard to fashion the perfect, self-propping thing. Its not terribly convenient or cool looking; but it's zero-cost, replicable and highly effective.Really, though, the product's designers should have foreseen this kind of thing or have caught it in their research/ testing. (Am I the only out there noticing how little the people who design products or deliver services must actually use their own products or consume their own services - else they'd NEVER release them into the wild the way they are..?) It would have cost them little at all to have included something like a clear plastic, up-down-adjustable shield.  Then their product would be a five-star winner.Otherwise, it's quiet, it's attractive, it produces a good flow of air and it does fit a variety of laptop sizes (mine's a 17"). With an effective (home made?) shield in place, you'll likely find it's just about perfect.
Listed as Iomega Corporation IOMEGA CORPORATION 34438 EGO ENCRYPT PORTABLE 320 GB USB... After I ordered I recieved ...Before shipping this item, I wanted to confirm that this is a 120 GB external hard drive, not 320 GB. I was unable to find the listing on Amazon for the 120 GB hard drive.Thank you for your order. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me.If this is a 120 GB external hard drive, not 320 GB hard drive for $55.00 as advertised I would like to cancellmthis order. To which I replyed ...If this is a 120 GB external hard drive, not 320 GB hard drive for $55.00 as advertised I would like to cancellmthis order...I then recieved Yes, you may cancel, but the package shipped today via USPS First Class.  If you want to cancel, then you will need to refuse the package by writing "Refused.  Return to Sender".  Please do not open the package.  Once I receive the package, I will cancel the order and refund you through Amazon Marketplace.I apologize for the confusion, but I think you are getting an excellent deal at $55 for the 120 GB external hard drive.  I paid $120 for it.Too much hassel .. I should have read the listing better ..I kept the order
i thought the video quality and sound was ok, but not great. i returned the item
This is a fine sleeve as far as protecting the computer goes.  I'd love, however, to see this type of product with an external pocket in which one could carry a power supply and a couple of cables
The antenna is roughly 6" x 3 1/4" - so not exactly very portable. Won't fit in your pocket but would fit in your briefcase or laptop bag. It boosted my portable USB modem signal by 2 bars and I can now watch some videos where before the download speed was so poor that video did not come thru. I have it mounted with the included suction cups to my window. BEWARE - you need an adapter cable that needs to be ordered separately in order for the antenna to work. That adds another $10 - $15 to the end cost.
Bought the winxp version of this as it was cheaper than the linux version at the time, then one of these too.I've run it with both O/S'es.My application is an office pc, and streaming video server as well.It is a good low wattage pc, though it gets quite warm in use.What they don't tell you:It falls short on support for the intel video driver. Compulab only ships the pc with the windows video acceleration driver if you buy the windows version, but won't sell you a copy for a blank machine, or if your hard drive crashes.So, if you are depending on windows video acceleration, tough cookies - and it's needed to get decent streaming performance under windows.On the linux side, it's been hamstrung too.Although it runs Ubuntu linux, the fitpc as delivered has to update from compulab's own repositories. This keeps you a version or two behind the rest of the Ubuntu community. If you install Ubuntu yourself, you need to either tie into their repositories, or lose - you guessed it - the video acceleration drivers.  If compulab goes away, so does your repository.... check their forums for more info...You can buy a version of this thing that goes on with power on, btw - but that's a choice you have to make up front. Amazon's version doesn't do that, if the power goes off and then on again, the pc is going to remain off - and that modification can't be made in the field.Oh - if it does get too warm, it slows itself down - can be frustrating if you don't know what's happening, the pc just gets slower and slower, dropping video frames and audio until you cool it a little bit....The video out is only hdmi - but it does NOT include audio in the hdmi cable, that comes on a pc audio cable instead. Your TV, monitor, or home theater receiver might not be able to handle that.So - if you NEED a super low wattage pc - and can live with the peculiarities - here it is. Otherwise, there are better choices for a few more watts and a little bigger footprint.
I received my Linux-based unit, and the wireless card was not present. After rebooting several times, it suddenly appeared and I was able to receive the names of several local wireless access points (including mine). I was unable to connect to any of them, and the link quality remained at 0/100. After a couple of days of trying to configure the wireless, the wireless card disappeared again.On the plus side, customer service responded to my forum post in a day and the build quality of the machine was obviously excellent. I'm going to try to purchase again.
This is the third review on Amazon.com posted for this product, and in all fairness, if it wasn't for the first two reviews, I'd be writing a negative one as well.First off, if you are looking for a very inexpensive way to watch and record cable TV, a DVD, satellite signal, or even a VCR on your computer, this thing will work. As the description says, it won't work for new digital over-the-air broadcasts, so if you're looking for that I'd heed their warning and look elsewhere.I think it's kind of funny that the best name the manufacturers could come up with is "Super Digital Video" (it does sound sort of ripped off or translated badly from another language). This hardware, remote and software are actually a generic version of the Sabrent TV-USB20. Pop that phrase into Amazon's search box and you'll get three matches. Select the first one and you'll be able to read much more comprehensive reviews and opinions of the product (prices are about the same and it looks like the Sabrent comes with better documentation).Now a little background. I use this device in a very unusual way: it is hooked up to a television control room DVC recorder and is used to make on-the-fly digital copies of student projects. The hookup is simple video to video (a BnC to RCA) and audio to audio (a mini plug to RCA). Done. That's the easy part.Now to the parts that will drive you crazy unless you have a little help.First off, there are no instructions that come with this thing, but if you're somewhat comfortable around video and computer equipment, you really don't need them. Let me tell you however about two traps that you're bound to fall into unless you have help. First, the installation: when you pop in the CD, you'll be given four options. DON'T choose driver installation. I made this mistake on two very expensive, souped up television graphics computers running Windows XP Pro and ended up disabling the DVD drives on both computers (oops). Thank goodness for system restore; after fiddling with both machines for a bit I got them back to normal operations. Instead of installing drivers, just select install hardware. The disc will do its thing and you'll be off and running.Step two of stupidity: the serial number. Don't bother looking on the box or on the back of the unit, it ain't there. So where is it hiding? Like P. Rooney said before me (thank you btw), the serial number is on the install disc. Go to my computer, find your CD/DVD drive, right click and open up a text file labeled serial (or something like that). Copy the serial number and paste it as prompted by the software.These two hurdles literally take minutes to complete if you know your way around them; otherwise you'll bang your head against a wall trying to figure them out.Once the hardware is up and running, I found that it worked great. If you don't like the picture quality, you can change the settings (I found the default to be too bright). Viewing is easy; recording is just as easy as well. I fooled around with the remote control, but really don't use it as we mainly use the controls from the computer. The box that hooks to the computer is lightweight and I truly wonder what little bits and pieces are hiding in there.At the time of this writing, Amazon.com had this unit available for around twenty-eight bucks with shipping. To be able to watch TV on my computer with a minimum of wires and such, I think it is totally worth it.Some final notes: I have a Happauge WinTV PCIo card installed on my home Dell computer which cost me almost one-hundred dollars. Aside from fancier software, "Super Digital Video" does the same thing (although I haven't tested out the DVR record features). Reviewers of the Sabrent like the DVR recording software, so I'll leave it to them and you to be the judge of whether it works or not. One more thing: the software (WINDVR 3) seems to be from the same company that makes DVD drive software that comes installed on a lot of machines (I had it on an HP 17 inch laptop).Bottom line: if you are looking for a basic TV viewer/recorder for a good price, I'd recommend this unit. However, if I had to do it again, I'd buy the Sabrent for the better documentation and fewer headaches.# # #
I bought the FIT-PC diskless version and as such it is a good product, does what it says on the website.Some remarks for the people thinking of purchasing this or one of the other varieties:- Be aware that it is not a one-to-one replacement for your desktop. For simple tasks it runs OK (surfing/web browsing, simple video play)more complex tasks will not run practical (Truecrypt initial encryption of internal/external harddisks takes days, network is only 100Mb). Electricity use is low with 5Watts under full load (strangely the product becomes way more then lukewarm during use which acc. to Compulab is OK).- It is very much a startup product kind of thing. Support is geared towards more technically inclined people, if you are able to build together your own PC from scratch, this might be OK for you. You must install an OS to the machine or pay a fee to order one pre-installed which might make the initial price come into the realm of a nettop or the like (which in general has a better performance but higher electricity useage around 50 Watts). BIOS is specifically geared towards the useage and possibilities of the machine and there is no explanation on many of the possible settings.- User community is either small or not very talkative as is clear from the website forum. Many questions are or will be answered, some more specific ones not.In short, you need the FIT-PC if:- You need ultimate low energy consumption (5 Watts full load)- Running low CPU power applications.- You are computer literate and not afraid to experiment with settings in the BIOS.I am happy with the product most probably due to the specific use I have: server to a home network making external connections possible.fit-PC Slim Disklessfit-PC Slim Linuxfit-PC Slim XPSerial cable for fit-PC Slim
First off, the thing that shocked me most was that there was no real brand tied to this product. The CD that came with it didn't work, and I ended up just using windows update to install the drivers for it. Worked about 97% of the time, with a few bugs and glitches, but has been perfect for the past few months. Love playing games with this and turning around at that last moment to shoot the guy sneaking up on me. :]