Very happy with purchase.
I bought one of these a month ago to replace a Princeton 17&quot; I have had for a long time.  My 17&quot; was so reliable and the quality was great, so I decided to stay with the brand.It was a good decision to  make.  The Princeton 21&quot; monitor actually takes up less deskspace than  my 17&quot; did, and the quality is excellent, especially for many of the  newer games that take advantage of the 3d graphics cards.  The color depth  and dot pitch provide an excellent viewing experience.  The quality is  probably more evident when playing DVD's, however.Monitors are not the  kind of thing you want to buy a new one of every year or two.  You want one  that will last a long time, and provide great quality.  My Princeton  17&quot; is 6 years old and still is one of the best monitors I have used,  and I have no doubts this 21&quot; one will show itself to have just as  long a life.  The quality difference is amazing, especially adding the  4&quot; of additional viewing space.  Also, the monitor seems to run quite  a bit cooler than my 17&quot; did, which in my small office is a real  factor.If you have the money to make a new monitor purchase, the  Viewsonic 21&quot; is the one to consider.  Sure you can get cheaper  21&quot; monitors, but for something that you will be looking at so much  over the next 6 or more years, do you really want to risk it, or skimp and  get something you end up not being happy with?This is one purchase I  have been very happy with.  4 Stars, and the only reason it isn't 5 is  because it isn't a flat screen.
I bought this monitor second hand for $25.  I mostly use it to play my Xbox 360.  The picture is vibrant and sharp.  My only complaint is the menu is complicated.
(...) I have worked professionally in graphics, web development, and software engineering for many years. I have worked on Sony Trinitrons, Viewsonics, Dells, and many more. The Viewsonics are by far my favorite for various reasons:1) Small footprint is just awesome.2) Colors are beautiful but not overly bright like Trinitrons ( after working on Trinitrons for long periods of time I would feel eye strain.)3) Performance/Refresh/Pixel Size.4) No aperture grille [junk] (lines and the vertical spacing of the pixels [stinks].)5) PRICE !I use the Pro series at work (P815) but at home I use this GS790 and I have had absolutely NO problems... I love it, plus I paid $(...) for it brand new over a year ago.
The clarity and brightness of the image are excellent. I run the GS790 at 85mhz/1280 resolution and its great for seeing lots of small text or web browsing. The short-neck tube does cause some minor drooping of the image  at the top the screen, though. You'll get used to it after a week or so,  but you may check out flat-screen or aperature grill monitors if you do  intensive graphics work.
I bought this monitor to replace my aging Acer 15&quot; monitor.  I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a new monitor because I plan to buy a new system in a few months.  The NEC is much nicer than my old monitor, with sharp detail and vivid colors.  The viewing area is small but I can live with it.  I took it out of the box, plugged it into the PC and a power outlet, and here I am.
The statistics speak for themselves.18&quot; viewable screen with only about an extra inch for box. Also a small footprint to boot. No pun intended but this is a bargain for anyone that works with graphics &amp; has no time for distractions. Visual comfort with that little extra&gt; good pricing!!  Easy to set up, plug n play..If you have an older system, NEC has an easily downloadable driver for this NEC90 monitor. BUY IT NOW!!
No install problems, great transfer speed, and takes up very little room on my desk. If you are looking to upgrade to a new modem in the near future you should check out the Viking USB External Modem, as it is definitely  worth a look. I particuliarly like this product due to it's ease of  installation ( great for the &quot;oh I don't know how to install computer  parts ) user and it's good speed.  I don't know if i would recommend this  to the laptop user due to the odd shape, but otherwise this is a great  product!
Although they try to confuse some consumer with the 0.23 horz. dpi hype.  The montior is really a normal .027dpi. (To calculate it's sq. root of the  sum of .23 sq (horzintal dpi) and .14 sq (vertical dpi):  [(.23*.23)+(.14*.14)]^(1/2) = actually dpi .27 That horizontal dot pitch  nonsense is the latest marketing gimmick from monitor manufacturers (and I  hate it).Another problem is the fact that the factory settings are set  at 9000's something kelvin and other to extreme to show up sharper on show  room floor.  So adjusting is needed, with the kelvin about 6500 would have  a more true look.A side from that, this Monitor replaces the V95 with a  little less feature and is actually dimmer, however the lower cost and  quality is a bang for the buck monitor.  The Q95 is excellent for gaming or  any home user need.
I've used this monitor for 4 months and am pleased with it overall.  I'm not a graphics professional and only use it at home mainly to surf the web,  play games, and watch DVD movies.  Text (when small fonts are used in  Windows display settings) is very sharp at 1024x768 resolution, but becomes  hard to read at higher resolutions.  Playback of DVD movies looks fine, but  the full screen movie image is slightly less sharp as it was on my old  17&quot; monitor, probably due to the bigger screen (the difference is so  slight that I've since gotten used to it).Despite being advertised as a  flat-screen monitor, the screen of the Q95 isn't that flat.  Out of the  box, the monitor settings are less than ideal; many settings are  factory-set at one extreme or the other.  I had to adjust many of the  settings to get the desired picture quality for all the software I use.  There are plenty of adjustable settings, including those not usually found  on cheap monitors: moire reduction, h- and v-focus, RGB values, etc.  The  monitor remembers settings for each resolution.This is a plug-and-play  monitor.  It needs to be ON during Windows startup or it won't display  properly.  You need to use the included floppy to install the &quot;monitor  driver&quot;; installing any other Windows-provided driver won't do.Computer games look great on the monitor (my graphics card is 3Dfx  Voodoo3 2000 PCI).  Due to the bigger screen size, I find  the image at  800x600 looks a lot worse than what I used to see on smaller screens, and  now prefer 1024x768 as the optimal resolution in games.  Therefore, if your  PC isn't fast enough to run games at 1024x768, having a bigger screen  wouldn't be much of an advantage.  (My PC is an Intel Pentium II 400Mhz  with 96MB RAM, and I manage to get good frame rates at 1024x768 in Descent  3, System Shock 2, Quake 2, and Half Life.)  This isn't the monitor's  fault, of course.  But many people think a bigger screen automatically  means better picture.  Your PC needs to be able to perform well at higher  resolutions as well.
The E-790B is an excellent monitor for students and industry alike.  The 0.22-millimeter horizontal dot pitch  and 1,600 x 1,280 maximum resolution make for an excellent resolution, ideal at 1024.  The black case is also nice for those that double their computers as DVD players, and with some clever feng shui (and maybe a really long monitor cable) you can eliminate the need for a TV.  Good support, documentation.  I've had it 2 years with no problems whatsoever.
When i saw this monitor i didnt believe it was possible to put a flat screen on a regular monitor. It just blew my mind, I had to buy it instantly. When i got it home and started running my computer at 1024x760 it looked beautiful. Not to mention playing Quake2 in high resolution was beautiful. Being 17 inches with 16 inches is quite good, and i cant wait to watch DVD's on it, all that this monitor needs is to get rid of the two mounting lines you can see when the screen is white, there are these two lines horizontially across the screen that arent really noticable unless screen is white and your looking for them, the manual says they are &quot;shadows from the damper wires used to stabalize the aperture grille&quot;. personally i dont care what the lines are, but all i know is if they were to fix the lines this monitor wouldnt have been affordable to me. So for a final rating i give it a Best Buy!.
i use a geforce 2 MX video card to play  3D games like max payne and r6 and also stare at it for long hours to do programming. compared with my old 17&quot; micron it is way better. however it is almost impossible to set the monitors display top pin btm pin pin balance correctly, i would prefer they dump all those features.as for value i dunno as my company pays for it. It also runs cooler than my old monitor.
This flat panel is a very good looking and feeling flat panel. For the price it really is very hard to beat. The display is crisp and clear. I have found that even though the vertical refresh is rated up to 75hz, at this level, the picture quality gets fuzzy and often hard to read. I suggest running the panel at 70-72hz which produces fantastic results. Since it is not a CRT, the 3hz loss isn't apparent.I would suggest this monitor for college students as well as for office workers. The price brings it to only a few dollars more than a good 17&quot; monitor and saves a lot of desk space as well as uses less power.
This an outstanding monitor,(...). But a monitor is only as good as the hardware and software that drives it. On this count, NEC has not, in my opinion, done a great job. (But neither has anyone else.)There are three (plus) components that will affect performance:(1) The monitor itself. Put two "identical" displays on identical systems side by side and you will get different results.(2) The display card and its drivers. This is a huge gray area. A lousy card will make a great monitor look bad.(3) The computer itself. The basic control over image display resides in the operating system and hardware.I have been using this monitor for several months on a Mac G4 Dual 800 with the nVidia GeForce Twinview display card. When I get good results, the FP1350x is one of the best displays I have ever seen. But I have seen intermittent problems. As with most problems in the computer industry, everybody blames everybody else, so it is very difficult to pin down the cause of any problem.Closing thought: monitors of this size are designed to run at the higher resolutions, so if you can't get readable text, good color, etc., at 1600 x 1200 or higher, the monitor is effectively useless.Other monitors to consider in this price range: Philips Brilliance 201B and 201P; Sony CPD-G500 and G520.
I can't stand to see somebody say that this package sucks or that the dreamcast is way better.  Esspecially when they probably havn't even used the ps2 yet.  I am not a sony freak but a man of logic.  I have to say yes the dreamcast is of course better than the psx or n64 etc. But the specs for the ps2 clearly show that this is a very polygon pushing machine. Lets compare- dvds hold 4.7 gb of space but dc disks only hold 1.5. Hmm, and lets compare processors, 300 mhz for ps2 and 200 mhz for dreamcast.  Also the amount of ram in the dreamcast is 32 mb, well you might think gee thats the same as the ps2, but wait, what type of ram is this... RAm in the dreamcast is standard sd (synic D ram)ram which is very common in new computers right now.  But in the ps2 it has ddr (double data rate) ram which is twice the speed.  And how can you have sinky smooth graphics when you are not using any graphical enhancements like anti aliasing which takes away all the little jackies that you may see in many older systems.  But what really matters in the end is the quality of the games, and right now is a good time for sega, but it is not the best time. SCEA and SCEJ have many friends ie-many developers on their side to take advantage of the ps2's power.  With the not so good reputation of the Sega Saturn developers have gotten scared of sega.  I am not saying that DC has bad games or anything but that Sega Soft corp can only develpo and think of so many games at a time so they pretty much rush many games, and the remaining developers are very small.  But with the ps2 they have all the big developers. I was reading the &quot;game of the year&quot; awards on gamespot.com awile ago and seen that there were many DC games that had gotten awards, one was Shenmue which has astounding graphics which really pushes the DC. It got many graphics and story awards.  I then checked the worst games of the year awards and there was Shenmue.  It was just not fun.  Maybe some ps2 games did not get the graphical awards yet but at least they are fun :).  Just the amount of power advantages that you get on the ps2 over the dreamcast makes this price for the ps2 bundle very reasonable.  Think logic.
idk anything about computers so this may not help a lot but i can say that i have bought this for really long time & used,& its been working very nice =] i do chatting, watch videos, explore the internet very fast & easy. very good for students. despise the old type, this is a back up laptop to help you out a bit =)
THE LAPTOP IS GOOD BUT ITS TOO OLD FOR MY WIFE HE PROMISE TO HELP ME WITH ANOTHER ONE AND HE,S A GOOD MAN GIVE HIM A TRY
I used this computer for a high school graphics arts class. Most of the computers my school had were Gateways with Windows on them, with the expection of one student lab and the graphics arts department.I had a custom built Windows mutt at home and found using an Apple to be a bit of a challenge because the shortcut codes I was used to using didn't work.However, after about a week, I was proficient in both.  Even though I use primarily an HP Pavilion at home, I can use the Apple computers we have at our college newspaper office pretty well, with only having to ask for help occasionally.
I had this machine for 5 years (except mine had a graphite-colored shell) and it worked great for what I used it for: surfing the web, writing papers, playing Myst 3.Good points: While OS X gets all the attention, OS 8.6 and 9.1 are extremely reliable, and you can still get a lot of software for them (including photo- and video-editing software.)  This machine didn't crash hardly ever and I used it a lot.  It's got a REALLY small footprint for a desktop -- at one point I was living in one room, and the iMac perched happily on my bedside table, keyboard stored on top of the monitor.  The 10 GB hard drive will be more than enough unless you're determined to store 18 alternate versions of "Citizen Kane" or something.Bad points: There's no writable media drive of any kind -- if your printer breaks down and you need to take your paper to Kinko's, you'll have to find someone with a portable Zip drive.  Or you could be sensible and buy one of your own, but that's an added expense.  There are only 2 USB ports on the iMac, and you have to use one of them for your keyboard, which is a minus for some people.  Because your keyboard itself has 2 USB ports, you can plug your mouse and printer into your keyboard, and then plug your keyboard into your iMac, and still leave one USB port open for your zip/floppy/CD-R drive.  Plus there's 2 firewire ports and an ethernet port, so you'll be fine.  Stop whining.I'd give this 5 stars, but I have to pass on this piece of bad news: my iMac's motherboard busted after 5 years of service.  It's WAY too expensive to replace (a new motherboard costs more than the machine's worth) so I'm selling my poor old computer for parts.  My tech guy said that this has been a PERSISTENT PROBLEM with the G3 iMac's he's seen -- so please be wary when you're buying one used.(A note for people not familiar with Macs: that C-major chord you hear when you turn one on is a system test.  If you hear one or more tones instead of a chord, or nothing at all, something is very wrong.  I didn't pay attention, and that's why I had to pay someone $50 to extract my hard drive and backup my data.  Don't be dumb like me!)
Highest Resolution In Its ClassDetail is everything; and the FS4000US ensures each image looks its best. With 4000dpi optical resolution, you won't find any other scanner in this class that exceeds it. More resolution means more details show, important whether you're transferring images to your monitor or printing them as high-quality photo enlargements.High Quality Color ReproductionThe FS4000US is at the head of its class-in color reproduction, too. This scanner's color is unusually clean because it's designed and built to accuracy standards higher than other conventional scanners. A high-brilliance cold cathode mercury fluorescent lamp, newly designed circuitry and 42 bit scanning works together to give you cleaner, smoother color gradients and improved highlight and shadow details. Precious details are free of defects like smearing and noise.Eliminates Dust And Flaws AutomaticallyOnly Canon could develop its own technology, FARE (Film Automatic Retouching and Enhancement), to improve image quality during scanning. It's better than software only solutions because it uses both hardware and software to detect and remove imperfections like dust and scratches- and it does this at the time of the scanning. FARE saves you hours of work retouching.*FARE does not recognize Black and White or Kodachrome(tm) film.Comprehensive Software Package IncludedYou have the freedom to control the scanner as much as you need. Adjust brightness, threshold values and contrast to your liking with FilmGet FS. Carefully manage your colors with ColorGear in Windows and ColorSync in Mac for a better match between your printer and monitor. And with PhotoShop LE, edit the images even further.Speedy Continuous Batch ScanningNo matter what type of film format gets loaded, the FS4000 voraciously feeds and scans with speed and quality. Consecutively scanning up to six frames of 35 mm filmstrip, 40 frames of an APS cartridge or four mounted 35 mm (or APS) slides, this scanner makes short work of even big film archives. While scanning each batch, you can even preview shots from the Preview window displays.Simple And Convenient Dual InterfaceThe FS4000 has just two easy interfaces -- one for direct connection (USB), the other for high-speed data transfer (SCSI-2), Mac or Windows, even Plug and Play. The Canoscan Setup Application makes it easy to install all the software provided. What could be simpler?Free Software for this product: [...]
this is an excellent buy. great value for money. you get a fast processer and good memory with lots of disk space. and a dvd player. if you're dont use your notebook for heavy applications then this is your baby! i totally love it. it's light and reliable.
Although the monitor is not that of high quality, the system is good for a simple family, home computer. Although not for heavy duty gaming, it does have good graphics. The only reason I rated this is because of the monitor.
I have had this little machine for about 5 months now and Its workin great. The simplicity of the OS is wonderful!  It literally took me less than 5 minutes to get connected and on the internet. While OSX is very, very stable It leaves me wanting the speed of 9. The programs I use this computer for are photoshop7, indesign2, and illustrator10. A G3 isnt exactly the best computer to be running for these programs. A new g4 imac is what I really wanted but my financial problems kept me from purchasing one. If you have the money and you will be doing animation, photo rendering, etc. then there is no doubt that you want a new g4. Check out the new emac, it's looking very nice and is the most affordable g4 on the market. (at the moment) But you should really find out what computer is best for your needs and what you can afford. Read alot of reviews and ask alot of questions, because buying a computer shouldn't be a trial and error situation. Know what you're buying!
This is an excellent computer for home, it provides all the things needed for any home task, it is also great for digital video an image management. The only thing it makes me not give it a five star rate is that is not to expandable, any way, if you are not planing to add more hard disck drives and there is no problem to add any other stuff as external peripherals, this is a great product.
Most people would not be interested in this laptop at this point and time, since it is a much older laptop. I am writing a review on my impressions of it for those of you that come across it and want to know whether it is worth your time. You could really call it a first generation netbook, before the term netbook existed, because of the particularly light size and lack of a DVD Drive.Personally, mine came with a dock system, which enabled it to connect to a DVD drive as well as VGA, sound, and a couple other attachments that you would expect from a larger laptop. It doubles the size and weight of the laptop, but it is still smaller and lighter than most, and I honestly just leave it attached to the dock 24/7.Naturally, you can tell by the specs that this is a much older and slower laptop, but that does not mean it is not OK for a person's purposes. It would be a fine text editor. It is able to run Windows XP, which is really all that matters to many people. I wouldn't suggest playing any but the oldest and easiest games on it, but no one would get this as a gaming platform anyway. For internet use and text and document editing, it does well, which is all you would expect from any netbook.For me, the netbook has held up well. My family has had ours for close to 4 years, and before that my grandma owned it, and before that, someone else owned it. So it has lasted for many years, by people who were not too gentle with it, and it has never broken down. There is not a single piece that has been replaced on it, I cannot say the same about my brand new laptop, which has already been sent in for repairs twice, and had me manually repair pieces of it three or four times.My only real complaint is that the mouse is not a touch mouse, but one of those obnoxious finger joysticks. Of course, that can be fixed with a laptop mouse. Also, it has no wireless, but this can be fixed with a wireless pcbus card.All in all, it has served my family well, and for anyone who finds them self coming across it for cheap, and don't care about speed but want a text editor/ internet device, this will do the trick and will most likely hold up well.
Honestly, a very good machine.  Besides starting out with a great amount of options, (DVD, CDRW, 256MG ram), the chip is overclockable to 1.5GHTZ easily.  Plus, the chip can be upgraded to PIII.  A very good machine for the price.  If you're looking for a lowend machine with midrange possibilities, pick it up!
it still suffers from some typical Compaq flaws. This is a handy all around household unit with some gaming features that make it more playable than the 5400. Certainly, the price isn't bad either. However, it does not include a monitor, which you'll need to buy separately. The machine's limitations for gamers lie in its limited, mothboard-bound graphics capabilities (a result of the low power NVidia card) and its mediocre ESS sound. There is an aqequate sized hard drive and a pretty good 12X CD burner, so MP3 collectors will not suffer too much. Anyway, like I said, it's a good, basic machine and if that's your interest, you'll be happy with the unit. I should point out that expanding these Compaqs (a lot like their HP bretheren) is a daunting task; things are tight in the case and adding cards and drives is a challenge, so you better like the machine the way you get it, and not the way you envision it upgraded. Lastly, Compaq's reliability has been acceptable, though its service has been less so.
Excellent screen and incredible speakers. Performance is ok. A bit heavy but is worth it. Lots of nice features. Better looking than Dell or Acer, but not as nice as Vaio's. Mouse pad sometimes behaves erratically. Great price! Installing RedHat 7.2 as a dual boot system (shared with XP) is a piece of cake.
the machine is blazingly fast when you consider the fact that it is a notebook but i think it could be better with an amd athlon 4 processor the dual optical bays are an awesome feature this is an overall outstanding machine.
I had some problems installing win2k server on this, but it may very well be because both w2k server cd's that I have are scratched. I wiped XPhome off and put on XPpro just fine. Compaq has [bad] customer service and finding drivers for certain devices if you want to deviate from XP may be troubling -- they only have some on their site.I wish it could play CDs even when its not booted up (pretty common feature now).Other than that, it's nice to have the dual optical drives rather than the combo drives that everyone has -- that way you can burn straight from one to the other and cut out a lot of time. Graphics are solid for it's price -- I'll have to upgrade in 9-12 months though. It can handle most any 3d games that are out right now if I take off the vSync option and optimize the card for performance over graphics in the control panel.Good price. Looks nice (graphically and physically). Runs quiet. Very stable (I leave it on for weeks sometimes). Comes with an extra battery and swappable drive capability (swap a HD, floppy, extra battery or whatever). Great battery life! Woops my friends HP.P.S. Be wary of any laptops with "good" native resolutions. This is 1400x1050...anything higher on a 15" laptop is almost unusable.
It took a time-consuming month -- part of it Microsoft's fault -- for me to get squared away with my new Toshiba 1800 S254 laptop. Some major hiccups were experienced, but I can now attest to being satisfied that it works as advertised. I'm confident that it will prove itself as excellent a value as my previous Toshiba, which gave me six years (and running) of yeoman service.The big scare came when I kept getting a &quot;your machine has recovered from a serious error&quot; message every time I booted the machine. Toshiba couldn't help me with it, Microsoft had nothing in their knowledge base about it, and to make matters worse, Microsoft wasn't available for even PAID assistance for a two-week period.I was getting very frustrated and was all set to return the unit when I chanced upon a bulletin board message where a person experiencing the same problem as me who WAS able to get through to Microsoft explained the cause. It turned out that it was an obscure DHCP issue, easy to fix.There was also a problem with the video output -- the composite TV output jack in particular. The instructions in the manual are confusing and incorrect. Toshiba tech support was quick with the revised instructions, but I still had problems with the TV jack. If you do also, be sure to try several varieties of cable. I could not get it to work to save my life with a piece of TV coax with RCA plugs on both ends that works with my VCR; however, I WAS able to ultimately get it to work using half of a high quality stereo AUDIO cable. It would seem that proper impedance is critical, and this is not touched upon in the manual.If you see yourself as only alternating between the internal display and an external CRT monitor, the machine is ready to go and easy to use as it comes -- all you have to do is have the CRT turned on and connected when you boot. If you want to alternate between the internal display and an external TV, it's going to take a precise sequence of non-intuitive steps to get the machine properly configured, after which it will alternate fairly easily. If you want to regularly alternate between all three types of displays, you're going to have to go through the non-intuitive steps every time you switch the external display -- a nuisance, and not a task for the casual user.I also have a minor quibble with the included DVD player and WinDVD software. I've noticed that on several DVD's there's ever-so-slight a delay on the audio track. Not quite the quality that I get on my desktop, but acceptable.Overall, I'm confident that I got a solid value for my money. I just wish that the initial shakedown had gone a bit smoother.
This is my second Toshiba... the first being a Tecra, which I still use, but which was just too slow and old to do any graphics work.  I LOVE THIS MACHINE....XP is fine, my older software installed without a problem. the sound is wonderful, the screen is crisp and clear.  Complaints?  It's a little heavy and a little big.  Since I mainly use it as a desktop replacement, and move it around in the house, it's not an issue. If I were doing a lot of traveling with it I'd want something lighter. There is an online manual, but it's not very detailed.  Customer service is helpful, though. it would be nice to have a manual for the XP operating system, and I'd love to figure out how to get rid of all the pop-up messages.  Invasive. The only other issue is that the cursor sometimes jumps around....and I can't figure out why.  But all in all, I'm really pleased with it.  I haven't seen anything else on the market with as much to offer at this price.
This laptop is pretty nice!  Definately at the time I made this purchase, the best buy at this price.  At these specs, most other brands would cost at least a couple hundred more.  It has a built in NIC card and modem, which is great for easy access to the Web.  DVD player is nice as well, with TV out.  It's pretty much a portable DVD player, assumming you have the cables.  It falls short in a couple of areas.  No CDRW drive.  And video card isn't the greatest.  If you're looking for a laptop that can display resolutions higher than 1024 X 768, or want 3D performance, check out a model with the GeForce2Go built in.  Otherwise good budget model.
This is my 17th computer to buy, although only my second laptop. I ordered this computer with an extra battery. I would have probably preferred a CD-RW in place of the DVD player, but I already have 3 other computers on my home network with CD-RW's. This is my first experience with Windows XP, I was a little apprehensive about that, no longer,,, the network configurator is simply amazing, I have had a few older programs crash however the OS never failed to recover. I have only had one problem which was resolved by Toshiba's website tech within 2 hours. If you are looking for a laptop and are on a budget, you have found a winner with this product.
I bought this product in December, and have been frustrated by the recent price drop.  However, I have been very happy with the computer itself.  My biggest complaint, however, is how quickly the battery is used up when the DVD is played.  The computer is powerful, with enough features to be worth the price.  I would definitely recommend it.
Read of the many complaints of random shutdown and wanted to share my experience with same. I contacted Toshiba Support and was given the fix within a couple of minutes. Seems that the BIOS needed to be updated from Version 1.5 to Version 1.8. I downloaded the file to a floppy disc, loaded it and haven't had a problem since. Other than that I have been pleased with the performance over the past year.
1. Shutting off automatically= Problem fixed by updating bios from [...]2. Trouble reading CD contents and reading DVDS = unchecked the box for enabling digital cd in My computer's cd drive propertiesUnfixed things, Fan is a bit loud, and notebook on heavy side.Besides these, it is a solid, reasonably priced notebook great for students or researchers.
This computer has performed up to my expectations and, in my opinion, it's the best value on the market now.  One word of caution though, it's HEAVY.  It's not really something you want to carry around for a long time.
I've had this laptop for a month now and just love it.  (...)  Came with windows XP which was cool.  Overall, very happy.
I've had it a few weeks.  It's pretty solid and fast on most tasks.  I had a little trouble using it with digital audio sequencers (which require lots of power) but was still able to record and playback 8 tracks with effects.  Well, it's a celeron.The built in NIC is great, and the modem is fine too.  Online support is good too.
What's GOOD:--------------------------16MB nVidia GPU is balanced perfectly for practically every application, ranging from video editing to photo manipulation to 3D gaming to your basic office programs.-The harmon/kardon speakers with subwoofer have to be the best sound system on any laptop.-Three USB ports are built-in but the parallel and serial port have been sacrificed.  The trade-off is well worth it because nothing really uses those types of connections any more.-The Sub-LCD with control buttons on the front make skipping tracks and fast-forwarding DVD's more easy.-The floppy (3.5&quot;) disk drive externally hooks up to a USB port which saves weight when you don't need it.  The only internal disk drives are for a Secure Digital and/or SmartMedia card.-Industrial designers played a bigger role in the aesthetics of this laptop, so you end up with more than just the typical grey box.  It's definitely one of the better looking ones on the market today.What's NOT so good:--------------------------With such a powerful video card, it's a shame that the screen can only support an internal resolution of 1024x768.  Also, a XGA screen would have been a better choice than an active-matrix one.-The cooling systems consists of a fan that only turns on when the processor gets hot.  Unfortunately, it gets very annoying to hear it start and stop so often.-The battery only lasts about 2 hours.  On certain power settings, it can last maybe 2.5, but that just isn't enough.  If you watch a movie with the DVD-ROM drive, the battery will be almost bone dry.-Lack of accessories limits what can be done with this laptop.  To the best of my knowledge, you can NOT buy a cigarete adapter to use it in the car, there are no modular drives, and a docking station/port replicator is not available.-The IR (infrared) port is on the front left side, which makes is extreme difficult to line up with other IR devices (printers, other laptops, PC's) because you have to point it away from you.-The top of the laptop is a large and shiny blue plastic cover.  It does look nice, but it requires extra care because every little blemish, smudge, and scratch will show up.
It is a nice looking box, just got it off Circuit City. Nice screen and soundsystem. Keyboard is great. We used the smartmedia download and it was flying. The DVD is great too.The biggest complaint is(a) XP is still very buggy - be prepared to spend hours on microsoft.com (and yes my cable modem went out on me due to excite@home's problem) and downloading patches become a chaos. (b) Toshiba websites and support forum are great but the folks have not had much experience with this product yet. For e.g. the CD for Easy Creator does not work, comes with a funny 5.1 version and the path set wrong. The folks at Toshiba is clueless as they have not used it. And don't know where to get the orginal source file.(c) The LED in the front is useless - it is so tiny and doesn't light up when it is connected to power (it does for 5 seconds) that it is practically useless.(d) Yes, XP does crash - wait till you load peripheral products on it. Mainly driver problems.It is a nice toy if you are into a little weekend troubleshooting for Windows and Toshiba.N
i bought this laptop two weeks ago. the graphic is awesome, and CD-RW is working great. i love everything except the battery. it is just too short, only around 1: 40.
Let me start off by telling you that if you want top of the line performance, this monitor is not for you. This monitor has good refresh rates, dot pitch, and resolution compared to most others at the price, but it's not the best.What IS good about this monitor is the glass. Multi-layered, and manufactured with high regulations, with great dark, it will give you great color. If you go to your local electronics shop, you will notice that some have much better color than others. The glass quality is probrably what makes that distinction.Also, as I stated before, though the performance is not the greatest, it IS better than most. After all, it's flat screen, which means better picture clarity, and better viewing at an angle. The .25 dotch pitch is better than the standard .27, so text is more crisp and pictures sharper. And, since the average desktop uses 1024x728 resolution, the 1280x1024 it offers is more than enough.From another point of view, this monitor is very nice looking. It has a very sleek shape, instead of the boxy look of alot of monitors designed without fashion in mind. And the black color never hurts :)Conclusion: If you are a home user, use your computer for internet, games, and watching movies, this is a good looking monitor with a low price tag and good performance. Do not get if you're a hardcore gamer running 3D intensive applications. Do not get for professional quality image editing/CAD.
Well, I bought this item with high hopes and with good confidence. I had seen this product at our local computer warehouse store and was instantly in love with how sharp the display was.Yeah, some of you are thinkin, BIG DEAL! Well actually it is! A guy like me who keeps around a computer all day has a real strain on his poor eyes and top of the brain. This monitor gives a very comfortable display comparable to nature's finest. - Taking a breath of cold morning, mountain air. Watching the sunset parked at the top of a hilltop with your favorite girl, or guys... whichever way you prefer.Yes its THAT GOOD. Now with all this said, beware of this ...When I got it, everything went well until I noticed something after taking in a few delightful images. Two lines near the middle that go across the screen horizontally.Now if you aren't lookin for them, you won't see them really. But once you know they are there, it bugs...So am I returning it? Hard to say... but one thing is for sure. This is a great product with one lame boo boo, which doesn't look fixable (No drivers available.) The images are perfect, the flat screen is comfortable, the screen doesn't bulge out, and there is no glare.So now you are aware :), good luck!
I bought this monitor in August of 2001 but thought I should wait before I write a review so I know all the ups and downs.Good:Monitor is BIG, I can surf 2 web pages and watch a DVD without any overlap.  It's also nice when writing a report because I can have my source info on the left hand side and MS Word open on the right. 1600x1200 @ 85hz ROCKS... I think the other guy that wrote the review must have had a crappy video card that couldn't handle the strain of running at that resolution and refresh rate.  Also the max resolution of 2048x1536 is great, especially for the price.Bad: only 2 bad things I can say about this monitor. 1) Vertical bowing on the right I can't adjust (the bottom where the clock is comes up about 2mm) and 2) Sometimes when I turn the monitor on after being cold for a while there is color blurring and slight double vision but it goes away eventually.
I wanted a 17" monitor not too expensive(like LCD) and not too cheap(like no name brand) to replace my existing Komodo 17" monitor(AVIOD THIS BRAND) which is becoming not too easy on my eyes. I pick this over all other mainly of it perfermance. No other monitor in this price range even come close to having. .2mm and 1,280 x 1,024 resolution at 85 Hz. I got the monitor in 3 days. The monitor is same as the one in the photo show on Amazon except mine has the color adjust button on the monitors facde and not like the one in the photo which sticks out. The quality and material is OK. The screen need some adjusting time to fix the corner. When I had it on 60Hz it just like the Komodo but once I had it on 85Hz my eyes feel much more comfortable. Overall it a OK monitor. Still not as good as a regular 17" DIGITAL CRT monitor I use in my office for more than 2 years
An excellent lap top, I use for work, as a free lance translator, for movie creation and fun, and pretend to pass it over to may nephew very soon.
I bought the notebook last week.It's a very good notebook.The processor is super fast which I'm very satisfied.And the trident cyber blade xp graphic card with 16MB SGRAM(which Technical Data list shows 8MB,but Windows XP shows me 16MB) is high performanced too.I think you can even play cool 3D games on your notebook such as Delta Force3 or Quake3.The DVD/CDRW combo driver also excited me.You can watch DVDs or creat your own data CDs on the way.The polkaudio speaker of the notebook sounds very good too.There's a LCD screen and 7 function keys in the front of the notebook,you can play music CDs directly with these keys and watch the state of CDs from the LCD.The battery is strong too,It can run more than 2 and a half hours.The only thing I'm not very satisfied is that it's a little heavy.Hope these are helpful.And sorry for my poor English.
I purchased my Vaio PCG-FX370 in December 2001, five years ago. It is still running great after all these years and has kept up with technology advances, except that I have had to replace the harddrive twice in that period. The first harddrive was made by IBM, the second by Samsung. This time I am going with Hitachi.I used my laptop successfully with Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator for professional design work and it still holds up.Now I use it for surfing the web mostly and for this purpose, it's a great machine. I certainly feel it was a good investment given the short lifespan we expect computers to have. Sony Vaio really was ahead of the game back in 2001, a claim that sadly cannot be made today...
I purchased this Laptop in December, I have had a couple before this and I decided to go with a Sony.  The computer is pretty good, there is 2 things that I have problems with....1.  The processor does not know how fast it is...It ranges between 550 to 900mhz.2.  The mouse like to stall for a second or two..which is kinda annoying...other than that this computer is not that bad...I am goin to try an Athlon or Pentium 3...in a Sony brand...but like I said before...this does the job O.K.
The 15 GB hard drive these days doesn't conform to today's demands. Sony's Technical Support indicated that the 15 GB was the maximum feasible, running contrary to some online information that I'd uncovered before considering an upgrade. I went with a vendor on Ebay who assured me that the 120 GB drive he offered (for $76 total price) would work, and posted a WEB source to help in its installation, which is not an intuitive (but not too difficult) procedure. The information divulging that the Sony PCG series is one of the more amenably upgradable notebooks turned out to be dead-on. The 120 HD has transformed the unit, and actually works better with XP Pro. It makes a very good notebook an excellent one, with good battery life using a high-capacity battery. I'm very pleased with the unit's performance in the year I've owned it, at a fraction of the investment for a contemporary model.
I bought this computer for my wife and have been pleasantly surprised by it. The screen is 15&quot; which makes for very nice veiwing. The touch pad is a good size and responds well, but we bought a mouse for it, and hooked it up with no problems.We also wanted to do wireless internet through our cable hookup. Installing the wireless card was fairly easy but Windows XP said it had not approved the card for the XP OS. But after installation I have never seen that warning again, and the wireless card works fine.Another plus is that you get &quot;free&quot; 128mb ram upgrade. Yes the ram is free but they charge you 10-12 dollars (depending on type of shipping) for shipping. I found the shipping a little high but heck its free, I cannot complain to much.There are a couple of drawbacks. 1)The operating speed which says 900 duron, but is actually about 667mghz. Getting a P3 or P4 drastically increases the price of a laptop, so I can settle for the speed. I have a P3 800mghz desktop, and can notice very minimal slowdown when comparing the two. 2)The sound is very light. Having the sound maxed out still seems to be very quiet. I do not know if buying external speakers would help or not. I venturing to say they would help.The programs are fairly good ones. The DVD player works good, and is very clear on the screen. Windows XP, while still in it's infantile stage runs smooth. I also do see some ghosting from time to time that another consumer wrote about. I am guessing this is an XP problem.Overall a very good first time laptop. The screen is top notch (which to my wife matters most), just wish the sound was a little better. I would recommend this laptop for first time buyers. Vetrans of laptops may want to look elsewhere.
I bought an FXA-32 laptop for home use, and it is a very good product given the price. It comes with an impressive 15&quot; display and graphics are fantastic. The speed of FXA-32 is O.K. But to my suprise, it runs much faster after I added in an extra 128MB RAM (total 256MB). Kinston is running a promotion for Sony and I got the extra 128MB almost free (just pay $9 shipping cost). The machine is very reliable, and I don't see any reason to buy a desk top computer for home use.However, the customer service of Sony on FXA-32 is the worst I have ever seen (not even remotely close to Dell). They do not return your email!!! I tried more than 10 times to reach them by phone, even at odd hours. But not a single time that I can get through. Circuit City alwayse refers the problem to Sony, but that is a black hole after many tries.Here is a list of things I found on my machine:(1) It needs to download various updates from Sony Web site and install them one by one (an hour job with a good IP connection).(2) Volume control can only be set through control penal.(3) Brightness control is not found and disabled from keyboard.(4) System reading on CPU speed is buggy. I got a wide range of readings from 564MHz to 900 MHz.(5) The manual is poorly written and not helpful.(6) On my machine, Microsoft Word is not properly installed, missing wordret.ini. But without support, there is no way to fix it.These are all minor problems if there is proper technical support. But overall, it is a very good machine and I give it a 4 star.
I've only had my vaio pcv-rx540 for one day now, but in terms of setting up and getting started with it this has been a pretty good computer.  I haven't had any problems whatsoever (not that you would expect any during the first day) and have been putting it through the paces with networking it to my other computers and moving many files over; plus, customizing the system to fit my needs.  It seems to be a pretty solid machine at a decent price.  I especially appreciate sony's design of the box itself, and the logical placement of ports and covers for the disk drive and front usb and i.link ports.The only drawback (which is the same drawback to most computers nowadays) is the frivilous marketing oriented software they loaded up on the computer.  Most of it is fluff that takes you to a website encouraging you to buy something.  One item, corelplace (I think that was it) took me to a splash page saying they were out of business.  I could do with out that stuff...otherwise, I'm pretty happy thus far.
I've had the RX540 Vaio for a couple days now. I bought it on a whim, after spending a few days looking for a new computer. My problem with computers is that I dont buy them often (every 3 years or so) and when it comes to buy, I dont know what I want since for every component there is at least a dozen options...i.e. which processor, how much memory, which hard drive, how fast of a CDRW, etc etc.I also dont like to spend more than [dollar amount] since the fast pace of computer technology makes it "yesterdays model" an hour after you buy it!Well Sony made the decision extremenly easy with the 540 Vaio. I could not believe that it had everything I wanted...a huge 60gb HD. Lots of memory (256) out of the box. A CD writer and DVD-rom... and all for [dollar amount]?! I looked at emachines, compaq, dell and none of them offered all this for that price... let alone the little things that sony does, like four USB portS (2 front and 2 back), built in ethernet, extra HD bay ,etc.. very nice.I got home, disconneted my old PC and plugged this one in. Fired right up, and the XP immediatley detected and configured my monitor, printer, scanner. I was shocked that I didnt have to even load the software for my Kodak digital camera... I just plugged the USB wire in, and boom, XP showed all the photos and made them available for transfer... My HP840C printer used to always have fits with my old machine with WIndows 98. It would spit out extra pages, never print correctly, etc. The new Vaio and XP combo fixed all that.THe only negatives I had was with the network connection detection. I have a broadband cable modem ISP. With my work laptop (Win 2K) all I did was plug the modem to the ethernet card, and bam, it was done the machine detected and configured the TCP/IP and I was surfing. Well with XP it put me through this stupid utility where I checked "broadband" (rather than dialup or LAN) then it supposedly auto-configured my connection... wrong. So for an hour I had to get rid of all the dial-up connections it had tried to put into place. Then I had to manually config the LAN settings... anyway it seems okay now, but I am still not sure why XP made that so confusing when the win2K and even win98 had it simplified.To transfer my files and stuff from my old machine, I took the hard drive from my old machine and plugged it into the Vaio (real easy to open the vaio case, no tools needed) and bingo, without a hitch the Sony picked up the drive.anyway, I agree with the previous post that sony bundles too much [bad] software on their machines. So much so that it really makes it a problem when you want to do something as play a CD or mpeg... you get three+ applications (sony's own, Windows Media player, quick time, real player)  trying to open up depending on where you activate the file... Real annoying. so plan on spending a few hours un-installing the junk you dont want.Anyway, so far this seems to be a great machine, I highly recommend it... and I actually dont see why you'd spend [dollar amount] on the next level Vaio, which is a 1.5ghz Pentium 4.
I purchased this computer recently after, having many problem with an HP computer since the day I bought it. This sony pc is able to run all my programs without freezing. I run photoshop, corel, flash and dreamveaver, it runs all the programs smoothly and fast. It also has  a bunch of programs already preinstalled in the computer which are great for any multimedia use,, and its got a nice little keyboard with a wrist rester, and a nice little blue light....I reccomended it...
This is a great computer for anyone who is not a pc game fanatic (like me). I have an additional external hard drive to remedy this problem. The DVD player will not play newer movies all the way through without an upgrade (which is no longer availible) but that is what windows media player is for. The processor speed is super fast. I have yet to feel the difference between it and 1 GB or more. I love this computer though! It is my favorite (and most useful) pet! ^_^
Like most folks I know, I've replaced my desktop every 5 years or so, and am always glad I did. This time, I upgraded to a smaller size, with the HP Omnibook XE3. What a shock to discover that this much smaller &quot;notebook&quot; is much faster, has much more hard disk storage, and is vastly more powerful than my big 'ol desktop! And easy? Please... Windows XP is so easy to use! A great improvement over anything I have ever used. I love the flat, bright screen. Great for DVD movies and games (I'll never grow up!) Windows XP is kind of like microsoft's version of apple software. With all the new graphics and changes to the layout I can't imagine what can be done to make this any simpler? Wait until you see the new start menu! Plus, it was simple to add software. It was simple to connect my printer &amp;  digital camera. Connection to the internet was a breeze.  But make no mistake, as simplistic as I am describing it, this is a very fast, powerful computer. So, why not 5 stars? First, at least in my notebook, the built in polk audio speakers do not live up to their name. Maybe the speakers are fine and they are mounted poorly, but whatever, the sound is 'tinny and there is excessive vibration sound from the notebook frame. (External speakers plugged into the available jack sound great!) Plus, I have had no luck using the IR port, even after following the required instructions in the late issue readme notes. But, hey, maybe thats just me! Overall,I am blown away with this fantastic computer and will never go back to a full size desktop! Buy it!
I own 3 of these actually and I bought all 3 from amazon :)  I own a small business and have other people involved its good to be able to network these laptops and share info easily.  I think the speakers are not so great I play it on low but still it beats the toshiba that was a lemon from day one if I have 3 of these and no real big problems probably a safe bet and the price is not so bad either for a pentium.
Everything I need In One Sony PC!! It is a sleek slim-line PC. The only problem is that the case is pretty cramped and not much room for expansion.
Let's skip all the standard PC junk (the processor, RAM, disk space, etc.). After all, this beauty is marketed as a "state-of-the-art multimedia computer with a powerful, entertainment package" - in case you happen to believe manuals. The PC features of VAIO PCV-MXS10 are impressive, so is the fifteen hundred dollars markup as compared with a similarly equipped COMPAQ or an HP. Would you like to know where the money went (I did)?Lets break it down.Audio:1. The two 20W large speakers look good. The sound quality and power, however, could have been better. Any hundred bucks boombox beats them hands down.2. Remote control - looks intimidating for a week or two, especially when you pull the lower lid down to open up the A/V recording buttons (concealed). Then you begin to wonder why on earth no other PC maker had thought of this before!3. This is very annoying - if you happen to adjust volume (on the reflective front panel or the remote) while the computer is executing even a basic task, it will appear not doing anything for a few seconds, then will hit you with a loud volume increase which was running in the OS background.Graphics/games:4. Game card - not bad for an entry level multimedia computer, less than adequate for the "state-of-the art" machine. Don't get me wrong - all my games worked perfect - for now. But what happens in a year or two with all those Internet enabled graphic card power-hungry games that are coming out?Video:5. DVD - no composite output, but S-VHS jack for an outside TV. No S-VHS cable, plenty of RCA and coaxial cables. The playback tolerance (DVD body scratches) is impressive - beats home DVD players for sure!6. The multimedia software - Giga Pocket Personal Video Recorder, DVgate, Media Bar, Movie Shaker, PictureGear, Smart Capture, VisualFlow, SonicStage Premium - all worth the stretch price-wise.Customer Support - excellent, to say the least! Had a problem on the very first day - resolved within a few minutes with 3 (three!) levels of escalation. Outstanding!Summary: Don't consider Sony VAIO PCV-MXS10 a desktop with a good multimedia package, because it is not. You will be better off with a fifteen hundred dollars shy COMPAQ or HP. Spend the difference on additional software and hardware upgrades - makes perfect sense.Do consider this wonderful machine (has its drawbacks - yes!) if you want to get a PC-centered all-in-one multimedia center connected to an outside high end audio and digital video (satellite, HDTV, DVD(-R(W)) player, etc.) components. Only then then this overpriced under-developed mis-marketed Sony PC becomes what it really is - a multimedia dream machine that is worth every penny!Would I buy it again - given another choice? Definitely!
I bought this comp Refurbished, so i didnt have to go through all of the registration n junk. The first thing i did was download an MP3 with WinMx, the modem in this thing works WAY better than my old modem. I normally connect @ 52Kbps and get more consistent downloading. Another thing is it is VERY quiet which is always a good thing. And the CD Burner, works like a charm. Ive only used this a few times but i tell ya, ive got no idea how to use up even 20 GB of space, let alone 40. The burner was quiet even when burning, the DVD drive is also quiet when being used. The only thing that keeps it down is on the RAM side, kinda low for upgradeability(but hey, we dont even NEED 256MB ram now) and bad bad integrated Intel Graphics(but hey, it has an AGP port so thats easily fixable). Otherwise, a speedy little Gem for just 750 bucks, you cant go wrong if your lookin to have a computer that runs you avereage programs nicely and can burn music good and provides you with nice upgradeability
I bought the 2700 thinking that the only differences between it and the 2701 were memory and hard disk, but the 2700 only goes to 1024x768 resolution.  (The 2701 goes to 1400x1050.)  Nothing on the net (here or at Compaq.com) says anything about this.  Other than that, it's a nice but heavy laptop, as others have said.  Having a separate DVD and CD-R is a bit waistful, but doesn't annoy me too much.  The mouse pad is nice to use, the display is great, and the thing looks beautiful.  It doesn't have a serial port, which seems to be a trend in new laptops.  This was a problem with a GPS box I got at the same time.  I've had no problems with the machine so far.
I bought a Compaq 2715, and it works great for me. It has an amazing resolution and very good screen. The only cons are the weight and the lack of SPDIF port. As far as weight is concerned, it is heavy, and it more like a desktop replacment and should never be intended as a mobile notebook.But overall, you get a lot for the buck (also look at the s/w that comes along).
For those shopping by spec, for some reason the LCD specs are messed up in many sources, including Amazon currently. Just looked at models in a store, and neither the 2710 nor the 2715 have &quot;native&quot; 1600x1200 LCDs. The screens are 1400 x 1050. There is indeed a setting for 1600x1200, but this merely allows the 1400x1050 screen to pan across the larger area.You may also want to know that the 2715 has 16M video RAM vs the 2710's 8M, which would be important if you are expecting to use dual-monitor desktop mode.
The 715 is a dependable laptop. As a first time buyer of laptops this system ran faster than I thought and had all the perks of a Desktop with the DVD/CDRW drive the large keypad and the fast processor. The only flaw I can find it the Graphics display on the screen. It uses the modern Thin Film Transistor screen but it doesn't seem to be very clear....however the visuals are amazing for DVD movies...go figure.All in all this is a great laptop. A little bulkier than some but not heavy. Good for the internet too. with tonnes of speed.Although I do a lot of programming I haven't as yet used the system for this and I have no idea how it works with a dual linux boot. but the AMD chip is apparently designed for Windows XP so it might run slow with another type of OS.
I've had a Presario 700 laptop for three years now with minimal problems. I did have a problem with it not rebooting once during my first year with it, but my service plan with the store I bought it from took care of it with no cost or hassle to me. People with major complaints must have gotten bum units, but I've been very happy with mine. Keep in mind these things, though: 1) Compaq no longer makes the 700 line, since they have moved on to making newer lines, so support for it is now hard to find. 2) It comes with two 128 RAM chips but you can only replace *one* of them, the other is inaccessable. So the most you gan get out of it is 384 RAM. You only need the 256 for everyday use, but many new games are currently eating 256 all by themselves. If you have a game that needs 256 RAM by itself, it won't work on a laptop with only 256 to begin with. Trust me, I've tried. 3) It does like to overheat and then freeze up if you arent careful. This only happens to me when I am burning a lot of CD's in a row, and/or in the hot summer months. But I keep a little fan on my desk to blow air under the unit and that helps immensely. In short, I feel that if you NEED a laptop, buy something new and buy a good service plan. But my Presario 700 does still work fine at three years old, and I don't intend on replacing it soon.
Recently picked up the 715US model at my best buy retailer. I've had great success with this model. It is also my first notebook and has been very easy to setup and configure.This notebook stands out not only in performance and features (CDRW, DVD, etc,.) but also looks great in its stylish silver casing. It's beautiful!Though I'm not yet fond of XP, this system runs smoothly without hiccups.A good investment for those looking for a medium-ranged notebook.
I recently got this laptop (6/10/02) from my parents after graduating from WESTWOOD COLLEGE OF TECHNOLOGY!!!!  Anyway, I happened to make it through the year and half A.S. course without a computer of my own.I can honestly tell you that my internet surfing has been awesome, AND I AM ONLY USING THE BUILT-IN MODEM.  The speed is pretty close and even BETTER at certain tasks than my computers at school.  They do have to share a T1 line with a lot of computers however.The only problem I can think of with this badboy is the stinkin' AMD POWER-ON TECHNOLOGY.  I asked Compaq's ever-so reliable Tech Supporters and they gave me a way to disable it, but it does not seem to work.  Basically, what happens is the processor performance is cut in half/thirds/whatever it feels like doing.  I guess it has to, or else this thing would melt.  It does get pretty hot.The only thing I am curious about is that the spec sheet says it is only upgradeable to 384 RAM.  I also wonder what other upgrade I can make to this thing.  How do you think an external Plextor 24x or 40x cd-burner would do on this thing.  Or can I get a better video card???  If anybody ever reads this (which I doubt, so therefore I am rambling on at 4 in the morning), please let me know about what upgrades they have heard about or done themselves to this system.
I am really quite pleased with my recent purchase of the Presario 715US.  By looking at the stats you know that the processor rips, etc..  The OS advances make using the CD-RW and all my external hardware a BREEZE to use.  I thought I might cover some of the items that annoyed me.  The unit is a bit chunky in comparison to my last notebook, the I/O panel in back has a cheesy cover that gets in the way (why is the PS/2 port behind the cover, but the network port isn't?), and last the keyboard is a little unwieldy compared to my IBM thinkpads.
The product is very good, but the features are no big bargain at the price you are offering.  Sorry, but this is no deal.
This is one heck of a computer.  It's got style, power, and sex appeal.  Starting with it's sleek titanium body, down to its fast processor and built-in wireless airport card, this computer doesn't disapoint.  It has a gorgeous 15.2 inch wide screen that is a joy to work and play with.  OS X is easily a match for anything Microsoft can put out and rivals Windows XP in ease of use.  My model has a combo drive with DVD-ROM/CD-RW which is killer.As a PC user for work and a Mac user for fun, it's taking me a bit of getting used to.  OS X works differently than Windows.The only reason I gave it four starts instead of five is because of the battery life.  I can't seem to get more than about 2 hours of battery live while apple claims the battery can provide up to 5 hours.  Maybe it's five hours of sitting idle, but if I'm actually working (not watching a DVD or heavily using the DVD/CD-RW) it just guzzles power.  If you're going to get this computer, i totally recommend that you spend the extra money and get an airport station.  You'll love taking the computer from room to room and still having internet access.  In my case, I can sit in front of the fire downstairs and have my airport station upstairs.  It makes the laptop truly portable.
I've played with computers since the TRS-80 .  Since 1984, I've used PCs.  I've never been a fan of Apple or it's computers so I never owned one, until the beautiful iMac.So why buy an iMac?First the aesthetics.  A beautiful machine no doubt.  Unfortunately, although Apple has done an admirable job of reducing the number of cords they didn't complete the journey and make the keyboard, mouse and speakers wireless. The iMac still scores huge points on its form.Next, function follows form!  The cooling fan is so quiet you can hear it only in the quietest of rooms.  The speakers, although beautiful clear half-globes, sound wonderful with clear high/midranges and warm bass even without the bass module.  The keyboard has a wonderful touch and is useful with 2 USB ports.  You will never have to worry about the mouse cord getting tangled again.  And the fantastic screen is so deliciously clear and readable.  It puts no strain on ones eyes and it effortlessly adjusts to any useable position with the touch of a finger.  Apple has scored a home run with the functionality.On hardware and software stability/compatibility the iMac stumbles a little.  Everyone says Macs don't crash.  This is simply not true as I have had numerous crashes out of iMusic, iPhoto, and iMovie.  The only way I could get the computer to work again after one crash was to unplug it from the wall.  The hardware, however, is all top notch and works perfectly.  You can only modify your iMac internally by adding memory or an Airport card but with the USB (unfortunately not 2.0) and amazing Firewire ports (wow they're fast) you can add just about anything you want externally.  This is clearly a next generation computer with no throwbacks to obsolete interfaces such as serial and parallel ports and 3.5" floppies.  Bravo to Apple for that.  So what does this mean?  The computer is rock solid, the operating system is not quite there yet.The much touted ease of use and integrated software is also a mixed blessing.  In general, all of the iSoftware is very easy to use.  iMusic being the best.  Pop in a CD and iMusic starts.  Connect to the internet and with a click it finds all of the titles and artists for your CD.  Way cool and time saving.  Click one button and you're ripping songs.  It also plays songs from the CD while it rips... very cool and very easy.  Hook up an iPod and it automatically updates it for you.  It is so simple, easy, and fun you will be making your own portable music library within minutes.  iPhoto, iMovie, and iDVD still need work.  All are pretty easy to use but there is no manual and the help is lacking.  When I was trying to import movies and pictures into iPhoto, it would not let me or tell me why.  Very frustrating (reason: iMovie will import only DV or a specific movie format.  It won't import normal Quicktime movies.  Also, the JPEGs were the wrong size so it would not import them.)  All of that should be transparent to me.  The next thing about these programs is that they are easy to use but you'll outgrow them after the first time you use them.  These programs could easily have been made more powerful without making them any more difficult.  However, once you start playing with your photos and movies and creating marvelous digital albums of your life, you'll be addicted.  I made a movie from pictures of a recent hiking trip.  Set it to music and I was amazed.  A whole new world has opened.  In addition, it was incredibly nice to plug in my Digital Camera, my Digital Camcorder, and my Smart Media reader and have them all work seamlessly.  No trying to figure out how to install a driver.  No wondering if you loaded the software in the right sequence.  It just worked.  Very Very nice.To the PC veteran thinking about switching.  For the most part things work very similarly so you should have no trouble using the machine.  If you stick with the standard mouse, you will miss the right click and scroll wheel.  iMac can read PC files so you can copy any info you want to the Mac.  Also, the is a Windows emulator so you can even run many of your programs albeit slower.To the computer newbie.  Apple really touts the ease of using the iMac.  I would say it is easier to use than a PC.  But, that doesn't mean it is as easy to use as a common household appliance.  The help system is pretty descent but doesn't replace a good manual that all computers so sadly lack.  You absolutely must learn file management and common commands.  In plain English, don't expect to just plug in the iMac and know how to do anything useful.  Take a class, read a book, or have a friend teach you.Apples, to me, have always been overpriced--one of the reasons I never owned one.  Although there is no comparable PC, the iMac does cost slightly more than a comparatively equipped PC but the difference is negligible.So what does all this mumbo jumbo boil down to.  Very simple.  If  you like to play games, don't buy one.  The video card is obsolete and there are relatively few games available.  If this computer speaks to your soul, buy one.  If you're in the market for a computer in iMac's price range, buy one.As far as which iMac to get.  I recommend the G4 800.  You get a faster computer, more memory, a bigger hard drive, and a DVD burner.  Quite a good deal.  If you don't want or need the DVD burner then get the cheapest one.  There is really not enough in the middle one to pay the extra (speakers, more memory, and DVD player).
When i first bought this beatiful imac, i was in awe. it starts up very fast, some people say 700 mhz is too slow, but thats comparing the same mhz with intel!! Power PC makes this proccesor in a totally diffferent way! everything about it is great: the programs, the hardware &amp; its beautiful!!The only reason i rated this 4 stars, is because i have a stuck pixel on the end of my screen, most of the time its invisible, but when i watch  a dvd, i see a little red spot on the black part. But other than that, the new imac is the perfect computer!! Oh and if you get the lower end model without speakers, get the apple speakers! It sounds just like a boze radio/CD Player!!
This is an excelent laptop.  It is great for normal home use, or for taking to classes in school.  It is however not a desk top replacement.  It is not build to allow you to edit movies, run photoshop, and type a papper all at the same time.  That being said, it is very sturdy, and well built!  I really like mine!
I am a regular Linux user and my requirements in having a laptop were (a) it have nothing to do with Microsoft and (b)be easy to use and carry. I toyed with the idea of getting a bargain laptop and loading Linux on it, but after playing with the iBook in the university's book store, I decided this was it.I have used this machine only for a month now, so I don't have extensive comments. By and large the machine is very good.What I liked: Apple has done a very fine job when it comes to the screen. It is brilliant and crisp. Setting up the machine to connect to the network (both via modem and ethernet) was effortless. Appleworks is great in converting MS files and the presentation suite is very nice. Hooking up this system to a projection system was very easy. (I have seen people struggle with their Microsoft based systems.)  Loading up with software such as TexShop, OmniWeb, etc. was very easy and I could get going without wasting much time. The "sleep" feature and "waking it up" work very nice and are very convenient.What I didn't like: Apple should have made a much better keyboard. There is a perceptible and disconcerting keyboard flex. For an expensive machine such as this one, this would have been a basic requirement. Apple really cut corners in making the "press-to-open" CD drive. The drive itself couldn't get any flimsier. I can tolerate some keyboard flex, but the flimsy drive makes me not want to give it 5 stars. Of course, Apple's warranty system  could be better, not that I needed to use it.
Boy!  this is very beautiful, and good capabilities. my iBook is the 14&quot; with 256 MB, and it runs quite ok. although there is slight down side with its speed while opening an app. or running a video. but rest its gorgoeus, and runs quite good, if you are in to looks and style this is perfect. its software integration is greate. and i absolutely love it. if its for personal use at home or studies this is perfect i gues.
I got this laptop for a birthday present and I have loved every moment with it.  Other reviewers have covered most aspects of this computer in great detail, but I feel I must add something.This laptop shuts down suddenly while you're working on your computer, whether you're playing music, a DVD, working on a word processor, or just fooling around on chat.  I've checked Toshiba's online support, and they blame the BIOS, for which they have issued a patch twice at least.  I have installed the patch twice, once on Feb 20 (I checked), and once April 25.  It still shuts down suddenly.I've called Toshiba Customer Support, and they suggest I take it to my local authorized dealer to have it fixed.  Hopefully they can fix it, because I do love my laptop (my baby!) and it's a wonderful machine, except for this _very_ irritating (and scary--it's finals time, and I have lots of papers due) flaw.DVD playback is choppy at times (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon wasn't as fun when the fight scenes were truncated or came frame by frame) but then again, I'm not really complaining . . . yet.  After all, I didn't ask for this laptop for the sole purpose of DVD playback.Everything else works fine, and I've been extolling this laptop's virtues wherever I go.  I've influenced my roommate to save up over the summer for a laptop, though I suspect after hearing me yell at the computer when it shuts down for the third time in a night she won't be buying the 1805-S207.  :\
SUMMARY: A good value laptop for general PC use, with only a few minor problems that should not affect most users.This machine is noticeably faster than my PIII-450 Desktop machine when working on computation-intensive tasks, for example Seti at Home, compressing large files, etc. The graphics and the display look great, but be warned that this is not the best machine available for graphics-intensive games. For example, Ghost Recon was almost unplayable on this machine. These types of games might benefit from tweaking performance settings in-game. But games that run just fine on my Diamond Viper V770 on my desktop machine are slow and jerky on this laptop.But for me, this is not a real drawback, since game-playing is not one of the main reasons I bought this machine.This laptop has a dual-purpose DVD/CD-RW drive, a newer type of drive that may give some applications trouble.You can play DVDs on this box, and you can burn your own CDs. You cannot burn DVDs, and DVD playback will have a little bit of lag when played full-screen. Resizing the screen just a little smaller than full-screen size allowed me to watch the DVD without any freeze-frame lag, and the picture is very nice and perfectly watchable at that size.One of the main things I wanted to do with this laptop was install PartitionMagic so that I could dual-boot to either Windows XP or RedHat Linux. After spending almost a week struggling to get this to work, I am giving up. This is new hardware (which frequently presents problems with trying non-standard configurations, at least initially), and although I am disappointed, I am not surprised that I have had so much trouble with this. RedHat installed just fine, but PowerQuest's BootMagic program is unable to properly deal with this harddrive, perhaps because this is a newer type of drive, even after having PowerQuest technical support provide me with an edited MBR to install.If you want to run one OS only (XP only or Linux only, for example) this machine will probably work just fine for you. RedHat seemed to install OK, but because of the uncertainties regarding the dual-boot issue, I didn't bother to try to track down the troubles I had getting X to work and getting modprobe to recognize eth0. These may be kernel related issues-I was installing RedHat 7.1, vmlinuz 2.4.2-12, and newer kernels which are available now might not have these problems.The Roxio EZ CD Creator software that came with Windows XP on the laptop was unable to control the CD burner. Again, this is apparently a problem of the hardware being newer than the available drivers. Toshiba technical support was helpful, and I didn't have to sit on hold paying $30 per call like I have had to with Micro$oft, Compaq and other vendors and end up without a solution that works. Instead, in less than an hour I had my solution. Just reinstall the Roxio EZ CD Creator software from the install CD included in the box the laptop came in. On the other hand, be aware that Nero and Windows Media player were both unable to burn CDs. There may be a fix for this soon, but as of now it does not work.Straight out of the box, I was very pleased with this machine. I had not used XP before, and find the improvement over Windows98 to be analogous to the improvements of Windows98 over Windows95. I resisted upgrading from Win95 to 98, but when I finally did, I was pleased with the improvements, both to user-interface issues and to functionality.One example is that XP now provides an NT-like performance/process management interface when you press CTRL-ALT-DEL which to me is a huge improvement over Win98. XP seems to understand the concept that a household might have more than one computer (unlike Windows98), and many aspects of system management are much more sensible and useful than in previous versions of Windows.XP also seems much more stable than Win98: in several weeks of use, I have not had to reboot once due to an application or OS crash or hang. The only reboots that have been necessary have been when installing some programs that require it.The touchpad for cursor control works very well, but I prefer using a mouse. I plugged in a spare PS/2 mouse I had laying around and it worked instantly--no "please put the Windows XP install CD-ROM in the drive" or rebooting!The laptop has an RCA type jack for output to an external monitor. This laptop features both an RJ-12 56Kb modem port and an RJ-45 10/100Mb ethernet adapter. There's two USB ports which seem to work just fine, and an IR port.A SERIOUS OMISSION BY TOSHIBA IS THAT THEY DID NOT INCLUDE THE STANDARD WINDOWS BACKUP UTILITY PROGRAM.  This is a very serious issue with a laptop.  Most people NEED to be able to backup the data on their laptop.  Toshiba:  include Backup on every PC you sell!!!...Although I'm disappointed that I cannot yet get RedHat to coexist peacefully with XP on the hard disk (a failure not on the part of Toshiba, but rather of the PowerQuest BootMagic software), I am very happy with this machine so far...I would recommend this laptop as a top-three contender with any other laptop in it's price range.
No complaints about this machine.  If you're expecting a desktop replacement with all the bells and whistles, you won't get it here, but after having it 2 months, I'm not disappointed.  I cart it around the house with wireless networking with no problem.I was hoping for a PS/2 port, but it's lack of probably helps it stay light.
I have recently accuired a toshiba 3005 and i was and am still shocked of the options and little things toshiba have put in to the 3005 satellite.Mine has the firewire,removable DVD/CDR which is x8 speed write mode,Smartmedia reader,s-video out for the real tech junkies,3USB ports dual monitor capibilities,WI-FI(802.11B)ethernet and all the little buttons that i will probably never use.I am a LINUX user and i have had very few problems with anything.The sound card could of been a little higher class but i broke mine so i'm looking into something more high performance and better sound quality.I don't have much more to write other than i am very pleased i purcased this laptop. thanx for reading my review
This is the first (and probably last) notebook I've bought...with it, I've learned a few things: I don't need a notebook, notebooks are expensive, you can't upgrade a notebook; that being said, let me say that I truly love this computer; it is by far the most beautiful computer I've ever seen; it sounds great; the video/graphics are fantastic.After buying this comp, I've re-discovered my artistic side; I've been using it teaching myself MAYA PLE as well as painting and texturing.  It's pretty good for gaming, but I don't really use it for that much (yet; when I get the 802.11b set-up, that'll change)...they say this is a 'desktop replacement'..I disagree entirely; it's good to use in-place of a desktop, but since I build my own 'desktop' computers, I'd never replace one with a notebook; but if you are looking for a computer or a 2nd computer, this is definately worthy of the role: it has ample room for storage, plenty of usb connection points, the ability to use 2 monitors or just a separate one, the cdrw/dvd drive is wonderful (I never knew you could have both!) I think overall, this is a wonderful computer. In retrospect, I sort of wish I'd waited a bit to get the next version (s607) but at this time, I don't think the extra cost is worth it...this one works just fine for me and after a month of use, I've had no problems whatsoever.
Easy to use and operate lightweight; though I agree with the others that it's so light that it needs to be weighted down. I like the manual focus and and 2 year warrantee. I use mine with windows 98 ME and it works great for me. The image are clear but you need good lighting; but that has been my experience with most webcams. Can capture still images. Not bad resolution for this little guy. The following specs and comments are off the box. Compatible with Windows 98, ME 2000 XPPackage Contains:* USB color PC Camera* CD Softwar* Create video and still images video e-mail album* Documentation* 2 year warrantySystem Requirments* IBM PC Pentium PII 450MHz or better* USB port* CD ROM drive* 64MB RAM* 75 MB Disc Space* Windows compatible Sound Card with Microphone and SpeakersSpec's:* CMOS Sensor* Manual Focus lens* Image size 352x288 pixels* Frame rate to 30 fpsI rate tested products on the following* Features* Ease of Use* Construction* Value
i love this computer! i bought it in may of 02' and i am absolutelysatisfied with it! this is a computer i would reccomend anyone! i believe it is one of the best in its class (and with upgrades like 512 mb of ram instead of 256 mb;and 2100 processer instead of 1600..i believe it is top of the line) in short-this computer is worth your while!
I guess i should say this computer is what everone wants today i should say  because when you see a computer on the market you only get a small amout of space like 20GB&lt;--(Gegabites) and a128MB&lt;--(Megabites) That not that bad and your get the petom chip what makes it all good.. But still you really get that amout of gegabites what let you not put much on your computer so i should this is a good computer for them people who like to store stuff on there computers and i think we all like to sure stuff on them like mp3s and what not ^_^ But then you get the tottal of 1000 megabite ram what makes it fun for everone because it go so fast.. So it a great deal i should i recamend it to any user who wants a good price on a monder for there new computer. But why i gave it a 4 is because it did not come with speakers and manader but it all good i just love this computer i am really buging my mom for it because i dont have the money right now but soon i will ^_^ and  i am buying this one or a better one i dont know probly this one ^_^  but i hope you liked my post The review was great and hope you buy this computer becaue it graet!
...I'll just point out several things:The Pentium Xeon Processor is out in the market already(3 years now), and its intended for robust platforms.  The Xeon family ofprocessors is optimized for server operation and has no market for the portable or desktop environment...The second thing I would like to mention is that the Pentium 4 processor is intended to work with 512 MB.  Why do they sell it with 256? Well, minimum requirements.  I guess that's how the economy works.  That's why you may have considered that the performance is lower than the Pentium III.  Furthermore, I would like to know exactly in what operating system has the other reviewer actually tested the two processors to reach this conclusion.  The operating system is the one that makes better use of the new processor's features. The notebook is offered with Windows XP Home or Professional. As a Microsoft Certified System Engineer on NT and 2000, I personally recommend bundling it with XP Professional.I have heard no cases about overheated processors. All of the "M" processors (M for Mobile) are designed to consume less power so having a processor "fried" in a laptop is unlikely to happen.I felt the other review was misleading.  Even though I think it's a best value right now, I'm not saying you go buy it.  I'm just recommending that you get more info on the models.  The other companies I check for laptops are Sony and Fujitsu. They both have P4-M processors on notebooks. You can check them out too.4 Stars: because of the 256MB and 30GB (I'd go for 512 and 40GB)
This is a good solid system, if you're looking for an good simple way to upgrade your old CPU/motherboard for little money.  I like the design of the chassis and the motherboard.  Nice big power button.  A solid chassis that is designed well and gives you enough room to make it easy to open up and install components.I was a little disappointed though that the power connector wasn't already plugged into the main board and the power switches, chassis lights and front USB ports were not connected when I got it out of the box.  Basically the mother board and the power supply were connected to the chassis but none of the connecting wires were attached.  But it wasn't too big deal a to go through the little manual and see how to hook everything up.  Only took me 20-30 minutes to hook it all up, but it would have been nice to have that already connected when I got it.I was able to take my old components out of my old system and drop it in here without any problems (hard-drive, memory, CD drive, 3D graphics card, sound card, network card).  I then installed Win XP with no problems.It's been running smooth as silk for a few weeks now, no problems at all.This motherboard even breathed new life into my old sound card (Audigy Vortex2) which wouldn't always work on my old 3 year old motherboard and would sometimes lock up the machine with some newer games.  Now I have sound in those games without getting a new card!
I'm a network administrator, and I'm picky about computers.  I've supported many laptops in the field, especially Toshiba, Compaq, Dell, IBM and Fujitsu.  I give the Presario a 4 star rating for a number of reasons:*Excellent Price/Value ratio*enough horsepower to play the 3d games I like (I'm not super high end, but it plays good stuff.)*Combo CDRW/DVD drive plays flawlessly, no skipping.*Well-behaved.  No hiccups starting, stopping or otherwise.*Form Factor: not too big, not too small.  Keyboard feels good, easy to type on.  Screen image quality is excellent.*Excellent customer support- with any company the help is only as good as the person who picks up the phone.  I'd have to say Compaq is on about 80% of the time, which is good.The sound system is excellent.  Uses SoundMAX with Sensaura, very good full sound compared to most I've heard.*I am going to use this as a replacement for my desktop computer so I can go wireless 100% of the time.  That says alot about how much I like this unit.Here are a couple of features I would have liked to see on this model that it doesn't have out of the box:*Larger hard drive- 20GB is big, but my 60GB desktop PC's drive is full already!*Better heat dissipation- the bottom gets pretty hot.  Bearable on a bare leg, but barely! (no pun intended)*2nd PCMCIA Slot.  looks like they had room for 2 slots, but you can only use one card at a time.  Pity.I'd recommend this unit to about anyone.  I purchased mine as a return/openbox, and frankly I can't figure out why someone would have returned it!  No problems here.
I shopped and finally settled on this because I was not lookingfor the top of the line notebook but one that can do the jobadequately for a reasonable price. I use this computer forthree main functions and it does all three well.I use it for web_surfing at home and it does that well on11 MPS wireless connection that is finally connected to a DSL line.I use it for accessing work computers through VPN and it doesthat well. I have not noticed any difference in speed betweenthis computer and my desktop which has 1.5 Celeron processor.I use it for burning CDs.obviously it does that well too.If you are not a power user and you are looking for functionalityand mobility and you do not want to spend a lot of money this is the computer for you.It does get hot if you put it on your lap.
This is the entry level of the 720 series, and it is the least expensive. It looks great, black & silver, sleek & svelte (6.4 lbs), at least compared to my old HP (Omnibook 6000). All the Compaq's stuff is in the right place, with a 3.5" floppy drive & a PCMIA slot on one side, and a DVD on the other. All the other connections (including 2 USB ports & a network interface port) are on the back, where they should be. In fact, when not connected to its home-based wires, the whole panel hides behind a plastic hinged door, a cheap but effective solution for fellow neatness freaks.The processor is the basic 1 gig AMD Duron. It's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as the AMD Athalon or the Intel PIII mobile. Graphics are just okay, though the screen is unusually sharp. The 256K RAM is also okay for everyday work, and it can be increased easily enough to 384 megs. The 20 Meg hard drive is also adequate. Overall, this is a fine though basic machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
The airport base station is the coolest  and most under appreciated device I own. It connects two iBooks and a desktop to the internet, and is amazingly simple to use. I've used non-apple routers in the past, and this was almost too easy to set up. I have the v.1 model, and the newer editions have more features, like an extra port. If you want easy wireless, use this. If you want to save money and deal with more headaches, get something else.
Think carefully before you buy this BaseStation. At the MacWorld expo Keynote on January 9th, Steve Jobs announced a new version of the Airport Base Station which supports 802.11g--boosting the speed from 11Mbps to 54Mbps. The new version also acts as a print server, and the units automatically bridge between each other.
I don't know about that other guy (who's on his 3rd one), but I've had the 501n since April of 2002 and so far, I have had 1 system breakdown, which was from user error. As for music downloads, 1.8 gigs of my HD are taken up by music and I have had no trouble. I was disappointed by the low processor speed of 1.2 GHz. I previously owned a mid-priced 1998 IBM with a 2.0 GHz processor. You would think the speed on my 2002 501n would be better!Overall, I don't recommend this one. Steer clear of Windows units all together! Go get yourself a Mac!! They are WAY more stable, faster, user-friendly, and better looking than any Windows system.
I just picked up my first Apple computer after 20 years of working on PC's. I decided on the Powerbook after studying notebooks based on Windows as well as OS X. I kept coming back to the Apple's due to the quality and features.After my first day on my Powerbook I'm not disapointed. The screen is beautiful and the quality of the notebook is top notch. Compared to the quality of PC notebooks the Apple's stand above the rest. I'm still getting use to where everything is located but over time I'm sure it will be as comfortable as working on my Windows machine.I also purchased the Airport wireless so I could surf the internet from anywhere in the house. If you are setting up the Airport via dialup or broadband the setup is straight forward. If you are trying to setup on your home network it is not quite so easy. I had to make 2 calls to Apple support to finally get it connected to the ethernet lan. Now that it is up and running  I love it.All in all I give high praise to Apple for the job they did on the Powerbook and OS X.  The only negatives so far are the battery time and heat output . The battery seems to drain faily quickly when you have the airport card and a cd running. The laptop does generate a good bit of heat. Not sure if its the case material that is transfering the heat more than a typical laptop but after a medium amount of use the laptop gets pretty warm.
I have to say after three months with this baby, I'm pretty satisfied.  OS X is easy and manageable, and has never, ever crashed on me; applications have though.  Yet, the keyboard does push into the screen slightly when closed, so you will see little keyboard marks on the screen when turned off.  A few other problems are that the notebook can get very hot if a CPU intesive app is used and the 802.11b Wi-Fi looses some of it's range (about 150 ft) because the titanium is blocking signals.
I don't understand the negative comments posted about the processor speed and screen size. For the cost of this notebook the processor is more than adequate. If you shop around for a Windows based laptop you will get a Celeron processor in the same price range as this notebook. I wouldn't rank the Celeron in the powerful chip category. For what most people will be looking to use the laptop for (Email, web browsing, and word processing), the processor is more than adequate. I'm sure everyone would love to have a G4 or Pentium IV in their notebook but considering the different prices this one is just fine for the average home user or student.The same goes for the screen size. Sure we would all love a 15 inch screen but there are weight and price negatives to that choice. If you are looking for ulta portable, which this notebook targets, then 12.1 inch is the standard. You can get a 14.1 inch on a Windows based PC in the same price range but you won't get the quality that you will get with this notebook. Apple is rated in the top for customer satisfaction and quality for their notebooks.So don't listen that you are getting taken by a slower notebook with a small screen. That is exactly what this notebook calls for, if you are looking for a ultra portable 4.9 lbs notebook at a resonable price. If not, check out the G4 Powerbook but make sure to open up your pocket book to pay for the difference.
Almost all of the SPECs on this baby are just what you want in a laptop -- just over 1 inch thick case, less than 5 pounds, 5-hour battery. In person, you won't believe how small and truly portable this machine is. It's great for reporters on the go such as myself, or for students in a cramped dorm room. It has all the right ports, and appears to be made with quality in mind.The screen is exceptionally bright as well.That said, I have a few complaints.1) The low-end model skimps horribly on the memory (128 MB). You can upgrade the memory easily enough aftermarket cheaply, but that's an annoyance (128MB is the MINIMUM required for OS X, BTW).2) The 600Mhz and 700 Mhz processors in these models are extremely long in the tooth. While that will not prevent you from taking advantage of productivity programs and Apple's free iSuite (iPhoto, iTunes, iMovie), these processors are essentially two years out of date and will crimp your style if you are a gamer. Keep in mind that the lower speeds help preserve battery power, but it's hard not to get a case of Mhz envy when the person next to you is toting a 2Ghz Pentium4 notebook (even if it does weigh 8 pounds and crashes all the time).Memo to Apple: you will keep losing market share until all of your computers have a Ghz, not Mhz!3) The screen is a fairly miserly 12.1 inches, although it is active-matrix and high-resolution. Now, keep in mind that this contributes to the low-cost, svelte form factor and long battery life, but I wouldn't mind having a 13-14 inch screen when I'm squinting at text all day. I generally solve this problem by upping the size of the fonts, but still, this screen is rather small. If you buy one of the higher-end models, say the one with the Combo drive, you may find that watching a DVD on this small screen is not exactly the cinematic dream that you find on the amazing Titanium Powerbook G4 (with its glorious ultrawide 15.3" screen.) The 14-inch iBook is good, and superior to the PC equivalents, but it looks and feels too bulky for daily portability needs.4. The low-end model comes with just a CD-Rom at a time when cheaper PC models are coming standard with Combo drives. A CD burner or DVD drive should be the minimum offered on an Apple machine. The parts only cost them a few bucks more!5. This is a minor quibble, but the bottom left handrest can get quite warm. A little better insulation/heat dissipation is needed here.Hopefully Apple will fix these issues soon. What consumers want:A 1Ghz processor (!) (G4 anyone?)256MB standard on all models (They charge [price] for the upgrade, but an extra 128 MB costs them about [price]!).A 13-14 inch screen.Same 5-pound form factor.Standard CD burner or Combo Drive.Under [price].Enjoy!
Listen Troll, the iBook comes in two screen sizes 12.1&quot; if you want max portability and 14.1&quot; if you prefer a bigger screen.  You don't want Apple to succeed you are just bashing the product blindly. The G3 chip is really more than adequate for the needs of the target audience of the iBook. If you need more power than this go for the Titanium Powerbook G4.With that said, most iBook owners prefer the 12.1&quot; as I do.  And by the way, I have compared the iBook to similarly priced IBM products and Dells and I still prefer it! IBM and Dell PCs are either equal in hardware or have less memory, inferior graphic chips (iBook has 16MB, they often have 8MB) and even smaller hardrives.  There is not enough space here to prove how big of a troll you are!
I love my iBook, and they keep getting better.  This is no commodity notebook - Apple has put tremendous amounts of thought into minute details, and the result is the best consumer laptop out there.  It's not intended for pro use, but I use it all the time for work when I can't be in the office.  In addition to the great design, the best features are the Firewire port, which is essential if you have a DV camera or an iPod, and OS X, which is simply essential and has built-in al kinds of professional power features like Java 2 and Unix.That said, these things don't ship with enough memory. 128 mB is the bare minimum for OS X.  I'd get at least 256 mB, or even more (I have 320).  If you're going to use your iBook at home much, the optional Airport card is a great investment (you'll need a base station too, but you don't have to buy Apple's).For the future, I would love to see Apple add the G4 processor and the Superdrive so I could burn DVDs.  A built-in stereo ADC so you can burn CDs from vinyl would be cool too (I use a thrird-party product).  Battery life and weight are never good enough, of course.Don't worry about Apple's viability - they have billions of dollars in cash and an established loyal customer base.
Well, as a programmer, I've used every version of Windows since 3.1, so I wanted to try something new.  Linux is terrible as a desktop client. BeOS is dead, so that leaves MacOSX.Many people talk about the high system requirements for OSX, and it's true, iBook with 128MB of memory just doesn't cut it. First thing I did was to add another 512MB of memory, now OSX is tolerable, snappy even if you stick to doing general office productivity tasks and web browsing.The best part about OSX for me is the BSD UNIX foundation.emacs, tcsh, ssh, apache, gcc all the geeky stuff that I need for programming is there.so, is the switch worth it?  I think so.  I used to need two computers -- a windows XP client and a linux server. now I can do it all on the iBook.I however do not have good things to say about Apple's iApps bundled witht OSX.Both iPhoto and iTunes only appeal to novices.iPhoto organizes your photos into its own multi-leveled directory structure based on date -- something I don't need on my already neatly organized photo albums on windows XP.And as far as i know, quickly browsing/viewing photos at full screen like ACDSee is not possible with iPhoto.iTunes similarly works best if you are just starting out with digital music, ie, ripping CDs with iTunes and letting it manage your collection.  But I already have 25GB of mp3 on my windows desktop, moving them to the iBook is out of the question.So what I really need is a simple program to play songs from a shared network drive.  Fortunately, in the Mac world there's no shortage of good 3rd party software.  I found Audion from panic.com which does what I needed (and much much more).
I just bought an Apple iBook (700 Mhz, combo, 12.1"), and I love it.  Of course I had to get used to the new OS, but it was very easy.  There is the mac help which has helped, aswell as calling the apple tach support (they have been very helpful).  The only thing that I don't like is the fact of how easy it is to scratch the top, and for paying $1800 for the computer (+Apple Care Protection Plan), I would hope that it would be harder to mar.  The only other problem I have with it is the small inatiquate speakers.  I think for the amount of money payed I would have gotten better speakers.  Otherwise, Ilove it; and for the student it is great.  Although I do reccomend adding at least 128 mb more memory asap if you are going to run OSX, it speeds thing up a bit.  If you bought an iBook, happy computing.
perfect for the average user... probably not for a pc gamer... but for email, managing my music supply, papers, cruising the web, and all the other basic daily computer tasks i do... wouldn't need anything more...
The Presario 730US is an excellent option for anyone who wants a balance between mobile power and price.  The hard drive and memory are more than adequate for anything the notebook is capable of running; any media players (Winamp and WinDVD in particular) work smooth as silk, as well as Internet Explorer, Office, and a variety of other XP apps.  While it won't be running today's hottest games with any reasonable speed due to the S3 Twister drawing from system memory (in actuality the system itself only has 240 MB of RAM available), it has no problems running fun games that are a year old or more.  All in all,..., this is an excellent buy for studying or work on the fly.
To start with, it looks great. It's black & silver, sleek & svelte (6.4 lbs), at least compared to my old HP (Omnibook 6000). All the Compaq's stuff is in the right place, with a 3.5" floppy drive & a PCMCIA slot on one side, and an acceptable DVD drive on the other. All the other connections (including 2 USB ports & a network interface port) are on the back, where they should be. In fact, when not connected to its home-based wires, the whole panel hides behind a plastic hinged door, a[n inexpensive] but effective solution.The processor is the mobile AMD Duron. It's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as the AMD Athalon or the Intel PIII or PIV mobile. Graphics are just okay, but the screen is unusually sharp. The 256K RAM is also okay for everyday stuff, and it can be increased to 384 megs. The 20 Meg hard drive is just adequate. The removal of the CD burner from its predecessor, the 720, is a bit irksome. Overall though, this is a "good enough" basic machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
its great piece of work. dvd and cdwriter are quick and smooth. i tried to install win98 or nt workstation but i cant. i need a sql server destop installation but i cant do it with a xp home(neither xp pro). but this presario works fine for my dad and brother who works with office and internet.buy is you need comodity and portability. but not for a desktop replace.
I've just got my Compaq 900US notebook a few days ago and I am pleased with it.  I've been unable to find any good reviews on the system; hopefully this will help future purchasers.The system comes equipped with an Athlon XP 1700+(1.47Ghz and a 266Mhz FSB), 256 MB PC-2100 DDR Ram, ATI IGP320M chipset and integrated graphics, a 30GB 4200 RPM ATA 100 hard drive, and DVD(x8)/CDRW(8/8/24) combo drive and a 15" TFT screen (1024x768 max resolution).What I like: The screen is large and bright, though in my opinion not as good as a high quality CRT.  The graphics capabilities are average and will be enough for a person who wants to play the latest games at lower resolutions and detail settings.  I was able to run Jedi Knight II at 800x600 with high quality and Return to Castle Wolfenstein at 640x480 with medium detail settings.  I've also done some benchmarking using 3dMark 2001.  The scores at the default setting were around 2600.  I haven't noticed any ghosting, which can occur when images on the screen move very fast.  The sound is fairly loud and sounds good on DVDs and MP3s or music Cds.  The notebook runs MS office apps with ease and all programs start almost instantly.  Also, I've hooked it up to my TV with an s-video cable and an audio cable and watched a few DVDs without any problems.  In addition, the battery life is outstanding going over 3 hours if you do basic tasks like typing.  It also lasts for over two hours if you watch movies or play games.  On average, I would say it lasts just over 2.5 hours.  That is better than most P4 based notebooks, especially the ones using desktop CPUs.  Finally the system comes with a mail in form for a free wireless card to connect to the Internet.  You only have to pay shipping and handling plus tax on the shipping.What I don't like:  The system can run hot near the memory, especially when the CPU runs at its full speed.  It never gets to the point where it will burn you though.  Don't believe this is only an athlon problem, because I've used a P3 1 GHz Compaq Armada 500 notebook that ran as hot, if not hotter.  If you set the power settings to "max battery" the system clocks itself down substantially and the system runs cool.  The speakers can also crackle or get distorted when a music file or game with a lot of bass is playing.  This does not happen often and is not really a huge problem.  Another thing I don't like is the preinstalled software.  The system comes with MS works and a load of other useless apps like AOL and CompuServe.  I just uninstalled all of the apps I didn't want.  In addition, the system is a bit heavy, but lighter than many "desktop replacements" like the Dell 8200.  Also, I would have liked to have seen USB 2.0 ports, but a simple add on card ... could fix the problem.  It does have a fire wire port though.  Finally, the documentation is not very good, though a CD-rom with more detailed instructions is included.  If you know nothing about computers you should still be able to figure things out.  For people like me, with more expertise than the typical user, I would liked to have had more detailed specs and information.Summary:  I would recommend this system to anyone who wants good performance for a low price.  If you like to play games don't expect the performance of a Geforce 4, or even 3, but some gaming is possible.  What kept this system from getting 5 stars was the documentation, extra software, and average game performace.  This system can do and MS office apps, plays DVD movies, and burn cds (with Adaptec Easy CD creator).  If you need a notebook for college, a desktop replacement (if you don't want to run Quake 3 at 300 FPS), or just a system to travel with, the 900US is a great buy.
I just bought my first i/eMac and I'm really pleased.The new G4 processor lets the new OS run smoothly. I love the CDRW,although I urge Apple to offer a Combo(CDRW/DVD-ROM) drive to be included.The display offers 40% more viewing area,and iTunes,iPhoto,and iMovie worked completely stable.But,I bought an AirPort with mine(Base Station,Card) and I had trouble installing it. But other than that,I recommend this new eMac.E---For Everyone!!
I thought I was reasonably happy with my little iMac at work until I was given this machine as a replacement.  It has quickly spoiled me, and now I'm wondering if I want to pick up another for home.  The large, flat-screen picture is both imposing and impressive, yet the machine requires no more desk space than the original iMac.  In fact, unless you put it side-by-side with the much hyped flat panel screen, there's slim chance you'll find anything wanting in the graphics.  But Apple has lowered the price of their bottom-level flat-panel iMac to be directly competitive with this eMac, so what's a Mac person to do?At this point I'm leaning toward the eMac, thinking the flat-panel iMac looks too much like a halogen lamp or potential &quot;period piece.&quot;  Moreover, I hate the thought of paying for two external little speakers that I'll never use.  Finally, the eMac has a &quot;sound-in&quot; input that has been omitted from the new iMac.  If you digitalize analog sources, that could be a factor in your decision.If you're attacted to DVD burning and the &quot;Superdrive&quot; (which I'll admit I am), you still have a tough decision to make because the eMac with SuperDrive is really the same price as the iMac with Superdrive.  In fact, you may have noticed that DVD burners are getting faster and cheaper.  So why not go with the entry-level Power Mac (which many users insist is the only machine to consider if you're serious about computing speed and memory requirements) and supplement it later with an external DVD burner?In any case, why make my problem yours (though it irritates me that manufacturers so insistently assume the consumer requires the &quot;illlusion,&quot; at least, of so many basically insignificant choices--I chose Macs, which should be enough).If you purchase this eMac, you'll find it works considerably faster if you install at least an additional 256 MB of Ram (which takes all of 30 seconds--don't be conned into paying an installation fee).  Also, as pleasing as OSX/Jaguar is to look at, it's not always intuitive, and Apple doesn't provide much in the way of instructions.  Even locating a saved document in Word is an adventure, which was not the case in 0S9.
This is a reasonably priced desktop alternative - NOT a mobile workstation. You'll strain your shoulders if you carry it around for more than a few minutes as it weighs a heavy 7.5 lbs. Aside from that, there is little that you'd feel lacking in this big performer with awesome muscle and features. The fan is quiet and the performance of the laptop is awesome.I have had it for more than 6 months now and the only - point aside from the weight that bothers me is Windows XP Home - it cant run Microsoft IIS, which I really need to use. I am selling this because of this problem. (I need Win 2K or Win XP Prof).The screen is bright and crisp and I haven't yet had a single dead pixel. The speakers are placed cleverly near the hinge of the screen to aim directly at your ears. The touchpad is sometimes annoying when it just copies text (Word) or goes back to previous page (IE) and so on and you will have a hard time when this happens several times in a row as it did today for me.DVDs play great and the screen catches up fast with the action on the disk and movies are a delight to watch because of the 16 MB graphics memory.All in all, except for the Win XP Home issue, I love this laptop and would definitely recommend it.
I've use many different brands of laptops, but if you are looking for a laptop that has power as well as performance, then this one is a pretty good choice for a reasonable price.It comes with:1)A P4 1.6GHZ processor (not the mobile version - which runs cooler)2)256MB of memory (however, it is PC2100 DDR RAM, which is basically much faster memory than your conventional SODIMM memory you will find on a lot of other manufacturer's laptops.)  However, I increased the amount of memory to 512MB, which is the maximum amount that this laptop can handle.3)30GB HDD, which is a pretty good size hard drive - as oppose to some other laptops you see at similar prices with only a 20GB HDD.4)8X DVD/ 8X CDRW drive/ 24X CD ROM reader5)16MB Integrated S3 Controller Video adapter which is pretty decent, but some 3D games do not function as well compared to ATI or NVIDIA chips.6)And of course your typical 56K modem and built in 10/100 NIC.Those are the basic specs.The positives are:Features included and Price especially the built in DVD and CDRW player; PC2100 DDR memory; 30GB HDD;  3 USB Ports; 14.1&quot; monitor; haven't had to call, but 24/7 tech support; volume control and extra one touch buttons are convenient; RCA video output port; can replace your desktop PC - or at least a replacement for your older desktop PC.The negatives are:Slightly heavy - but still manageable; Runs hot if you have on your lap but O.K.; Battery life is about average at about 1:30-2HRS.; No PS/2 ports; Trackpad is finicky; software included is weak - need MS Office, or at least MS Word; XP Home (instead of XP Pro - which you have to pay more for and hard to find); No built in microphone; SD memory slot reader - but more useful if it was a Smartmedia or CompactFlash instead.
The Amazon review did not get the memory information right but everything else is right on target.  Here's the quick scoop on the memory:This system has 256M of 266MHz DDR-SDRAM (AKA PC-2100 when referring to bandwidth rather than frequency).  This means it is 2x faster than regular 133MHz SDRAM.  This is very important on the P4, which requires very fast memory (it can handle a lot of data).  Sadly some vendors do bundle 133MHz SDRAM with the P4 - avoid this combination!  Your fast CPU will sit idle while it waits on the memory.  Fortunately this computer doesn't have that problem.  (Note: PC-133 is fine with slower PIII and Athlon systems that can't really take advantage of the faster memory.)I should also note that this system uses a P4 desktop CPU not a true "mobile" (P4-M) CPU.  Why does Toshiba do this?A P4-M CPU cost more than a desktop P4 CPU. The main reasons are the packaging is more expensive (to dissipate heat better) and the voltage of the CPU is lower to save power and reduce heat (low voltage parts must meet stricter manufacturing standards).Toshiba is using the desktop P4 in notebooks so they can sell a fast laptop for less money.  The plus is you save money too. The down side is your battery life is shorter and the laptop will be larger and heavier to support the extra cooling requirements.If you are someone who needs long battery life or has the laptop sitting on their lap for long periods of time (the bottom can get hot) then I suggest getting a P4-M system.  If you have your laptop plugged in most of the time on a table then a desktop CPU is probably fine for you.
I got this computer two days ago, it works fine, I got it as a desktop replacement and its all that and more.Its big and has a full sized keyboard, the sound is pretty good; there are two drawbacks that I can see, the hardrive sometimes makes a clicking sound and there is no ps2 port so that the mouse has to be connected via USB, but then there are three USB ports. All around a great buy.
My computer is about a little over a year old. It is a great computer and I have had no problems with it. I have bought a new hard drive for it (there was nothing wrong with the original one, but i just needed a little more memory).The only thing I dont really like about the computer is that my laptop came with lotus word pro instead of microsoft word. Thus making it harder to share word documents with other people who have microsoft word.But besides that I am really pleased with the computer.
I bought this machine for both work and school. I'm running RedHat Linux (7.3) on one partition and XP on the other.  First of all, anyone buying this machine should bear in mind that it does _not_ have a mobile processor. Therefore, as the other reviewers pointed out, it gets very hot.  However, Toshiba corrected earlier problems with the processor overheating so the new cooling system works very well.The extras on this machine are great: three USB ports, a firewire port, and the SD slot.  For the money you will _not_ find a better configuration. I checked Dell, IBM, Sony, and Gateway, all of which barely came close to what the Toshiba has. The 15&quot; monitor is fantastic as are the speakers.Drawbacks? Of course. Again, it's not really a &quot;laptop&quot; because of the heat it generates.  Also, the function buttons on the front of the machine are not intuitive or well-designed so you really have to squint to see what's on each of them.  The ~ key is poorly placed (I'm a Linux geek and the ~ key is important--more of a personal gripe than anything else). Lastly, the battery life is mediocore.However, if you do your homework you'll see that there's no other machine on the market that comes close to the config of this machine.
I am an interested byer of this item, but i would like to know about it's warranty. I am a Lebanese, and having an international warranty is of grate interest to me. Also, I would like to ask about the time from ordering this item till I receive it.
I purchased this laptop to replace my Compaq Presario 1600s. The Toshiba's low battery life is of little concern to me because I seldom need to use the laptop in a place without an ac outlet. While some reviewers do not like the heat generated by the Toshiba laptop, I find it comparable to the heat generated by the Compaq laptop.At its native resolution, the 5105-s501's screen is sharp, bright, and beautiful with excellent viewing angles. One day I was in a computer store and the 5105-s501 happened to be next to its sucessor, the 5205-s503. Ironically, the colors of the s501 screen were much richer than the s503 counterpart; the s503 seemed to have inferior viewing angles with slightly washed out colors.The s501's speakers are extremeley loud and clear, but are not as rich and distortion-free as the JBL Pro speakers found in older Compaq laptops. When the volume is at maximum, the subwoofer literally causes the keyboard to vibrate and distort the sound. Fortunately at such settings, one's ears can really hurt and one would be forced to lower the volume anyway, thus (mostly) avoiding the subwoofer vibration problem.  Still, low frequency distortions can be heard on certain DVD movies like Star Wars Episode I even at mid-range volumes.  These distortions do not exist at any volume range when watching DVDs on my old Compaq laptop.Except for the clicks that remind me of instant messaging event sounds and cricket chirps (yes, I thought that there were crickets outside!), the s501's hard drive is extremeley silent. The fan is loud the first moments when it is turned on, but after these first moments, it is relatively quiet.
I love the base system, but I wish it cam\e with just a little more for the price.  It should have Microsoft home office as a minimum, the Lotus Notes Suite just doesn't provide any value to a heavy PC user.  Bottom line - the software is too limited for price of system.  I would also purchase system with 60 instead of 40GB of hard drive space, you need at least that these days.  I do love all the USB ports and the Monitor is everything I'd want.  Great resolution for video play and the sound system is great without having to add periperal speakers.All in all the hardware is awesome the software is lacking.
I have this laptop for 2 years now.whats good:1. large display2. firewire port3. sufficient memory (atleast for now)4. irda (good for my nokia and palm)whats bad:1. battery life (major)2. keyboard - keys can break easily (imp)3. no built-in microphone4. usb 1.1
I've had this laptop for about three years now and I've only had problems with the hard drive. The first time it crashed and I sent it in for repairs and came back with it pretty good...or so I thought. About a year after, the hard drive crashed again and this time i just went and bought my own hard drive and now it's working fine. Dispite the mishap with the hard drive, everything else works perfectly. Now with the new harddrive the computer works like brand new, although i no longer am able to use the mini remote that comes along with it because this harddrive doesn't have all the toshiba featurs built in.
I HAD A SONY VAIO GRX580, ONEDAY SUDDENLY IT STOPPED WORKING,TECHNICHANS TOLD ME THERE WAS A PROBLEM WITH THE MOTHERBOARD.I AM SEARCHING 4 THE MOTHERBOARD, BUT CANT FIND IT.
It is small,lightweight and has WiFi: 802.11b. When I got it, it had Win2000 Pro and 256M of RAM.  I subsequently upgraded it to XP Pro and 1024M of RAM.  Helped somewhat.It worked great for the first 2 years.  Beat all the other notebooks that I've tried. The hard drive decided to die @ 2 years.  I sent it in...AFTER I bought a replacement. 8 weeks later it came back. Hard disc was fixed, the CD/DVD drive was broken as well as a few other things.  I Returned it.  Got it back 4 weeks later.  It's been working well ever since.The good news was that they DID get it fixed and for FREE.  Bad news is that talking to the Customer Service Reps (CSRs) will give almost anyone a migraine headache in minutes.  I'm reasonably sure that a couple of the CSRs put me on hold then went for dinner or breakfast in hopes that I would go away.  (Ah, but I have a headset, a cordless phone and another laptop!) They don't know much, they care even less and they don't do what they say they will.Back to the computer: aside from generally working well, it IS showing its age by being slow on the front side buss--the actual processor.  The batteries (at about $100+/- each) are good for about 1/2-1 hour on each charge and about 6 months.  That is a SERIOUS downer, in my opinion.The WiFi works well. The antenna is in the top--with the screen. It tends to be directional.  If you aren't oriented properly to the wireless router, you can only get about 10' away. If you ARE properly oriented, you can get about 200' and still have useful signa.  You cannot use it around a 2.4 GHZ cordless phone.  Phone will interfere and the WiFi signal will be lost--every time.  Can't us a 5.8 gHz cordless phone either.  It has to be 900mHz if you're going to use one.The bottom also gets HOT.  After a number of low temp and medium temp leg burns, I got an old fashioned TV lap tray at a garage sale.  I put the computer on that.  Works great!
Solid for Windows 2000 and XP, Linux still missing, the missing star is for no linux driver. I bought competitor's pci (has linux driver) for my second pc. ALso there where some issues after I switched the cards. It needed some uninstalling, resetting, ...that less skillful people might find hard to figure out.I downloaded all Red Hat and Mandrake Cd-s without any problem. Solid speed.Note: My access point is on the first floor, pc-s on the second.Regarding outside Distance, approx 25-35 ft if AP inside. Those with large back yards, you will need one AP outside. You could still have good signal on your patio.Offers encryption, It's not a fool proof, but better something than nothing, plus I would recommend (hardware) firewall too. They are too many sniffs, snorts and so fort.....but look for 802.11g devices that are backward compatible and also Access Points that are dual, meaning 802.11a/b and maybe g....
I'm mainly a PC guy but I've owned Apples too over the years, and despite the fact that Apple took a lot of flack with this machine about producing a computer that was more revolutionary as a piece of furniture design than as a computer, this is still a good computer. I played with one recently at CompUSA for about an hour and I was impressed with how much faster it was than previous Apples, since the last time I worked with one was a several years ago, and there has also been a major release and update to the OS since then, which seems to have improved reliablity and performance also.My main problem with this system is that for almost half the price, you can get a PC with 50% more hard disk space and four times as much RAM, so the Apple still can't compete with the PC in terms of price-to-performance ratio, but don't get me wrong, I still liked this system. For most people, this would still be a good computer.One other thing, and I'm not sure what recent service is like, but hopefully things have improved in this area. In the past, parts and service for Apples was expensive compared to the PC and more than a little high-brow. In other words, if you had to ask, you probably couldn't afford it, was their attitude, sort of like Volvo car service.My last question about this system would be flexibility in terms of upgrades. Since everything has to fit into the designer base you probably can't just upgrade this yourself, if you wanted to get a more powerful video card, for example. This has always been one of the main advantages of PCs--you could easily open up the case and there were lots of options in terms of upgrades--the only problem was in getting the new hardware to work. :-) Also, according to another review I just read here, the onboard video card is not an nVidia GeForce4 MX4 but a GeForce2 that has been "rebranded." So you're not even getting a GF3. I can't vouch for this personally as I haven't checked into it, but if you play a lot of high-end games you might want to make sure this video card will work for you.Overall, however, this is a fine system and will probably fill the needs of the vast majority of computer users. I don't think there's going to be a mass exodus from the PC world to Apple because of this, but as a PC guy I still wanted to say I liked the computer, and it might even merit 4.5 stars if I could give it that.
(Since writing the following, I notice that Apple has just reduced the number of catches: they've knocked 10% off the price and increased the speed of the processor by 20%.  Still I'd gladly trade the extra little speakers for either a Sound-In Jack or the option of an external USB sound-processor such as the iMic.  The speakers are throwaways if you're running your computer through a good stereo system.  Moreover, it's not clear to me that they're compatible with iSub.)If you must have the chic, compact, dream machine with the beautiful screen, this no doubt is it. But don't be surprised if Apple makes a few changes come July. For one, unlike the eMacs and old iMacs the new iMacs don't have a Sound-In jack (should you plan to digitalize your tapes and LP's), and external USB audio processors can be less dependable. For another, the Apple discussion boards show some owners complaining about "burned out" pixels and proclaiming the superiority of good old-fashioned CRT's (the eMac). And finally, G4 processor or no, to expect this lightweight to perform up to the speed and efficiency of a Power Mac with its floor-standing CPU is testimony to the effectiveness of Apple's promotions department.
Even I hated those &quot;Switch to Mac&quot; commercials..I do love this 17&quot; imac. The wide screen is great! However I found couple dead pixels on the screen. Apple said it's inevitable. I am a UNIX user. The Darwin environment is great. Buy 17&quot;.don't buy the 15&quot;....you will love this machine.
I was looking for a computer for my 8 year old daughter. I didn't want to spend a lot, but I also wanted the computer to have enough features to cover what she needed it for. This machine not only had the entire package..... but, plus some. It also was the perfect compact size and easy to use system that I have ever encountered. The set up was so easy as 1, 2, 3 Just like the instructions say. You literally take it out of the box, plug it in, and turn it on. It's that easy.But ease of use isn't the main attraction to this system. It has all of the extra features that go along with it. Such as a speedy G3 processor, 40 Gb Hard Disk, and great software like iMovie 2, iTunes 2, AppleWorks, Mac OS X Mail, Quicken 2002 Deluxe, Mac OS X Chess to name a few. Way more than anyone who's starting off would ever need.The only suggestion I would have is to increase the memory to at least an additional 256 mg (expandable to one full GB) This will speed this already fast machine way beyond what you are use to.I also use a Dell PC at work that has similar features, and it doesn't even compare to the EASE of use and speed as this machine provides.If you never used a Mac before, and are hesitant, don't be. This will be the easiest transition you could ever imagine.  Also there's more than adequate software available for the Macs than is lead to believe.  Just surf the web you will see.Downfall: Not much except that I suggest you installing the OSX instead of relying on the OS9. The OS9 seems to crash every once in a while which makes surfing a pain sometimes. But the OSX is virtually crash proof.I would have given it a 5 for a score if it had that additional memory, plus the 5 status I believe is reserved for the more advanced Macs.This machine is a must get!!
I purchased this machine in 2001 as a used item.  If one researches for this machine, this model definitely has a cult following.This machine still is very pricey, but that is the factor of design.  It lacks an audio input, which can be solved by spending money on a connector.  The supplied Harman International (Harman Kardon) speakers have sound much left to be desired - use a USB audio reciever or other sound device.  The ATI Rage AGP video card is quite fine for the time it was released in (Summer 2000), but games is not this machine's great forte.  The card is upgradeable, but most on the market are too large to cram into the nice, tissue-box designed case.  The machine has no fan within, but has a massive heat sink and the design allows convection to occur.I'm not a big Mac fan, since I use everything availible, but this machine is a niche product.  This design can be classified as a "shuttle" or portable computer, but the external power supply (transformer) and the lack of a handle (since it is not an iMac) makes it what it is.What I like about using a Mac is the software is easily obtainable at a school, at least in our area; however, I do not like the sales practices many people or companies use (greed driven); to sum that up, rarely free software.I did not choose this machine for its looks though, since in our area, retail Macs were and still not prevalent in our area and bought it for the fact that it was a Mac, real cheap (at the time), and on sale!The machine originally released at a price no one would want to touch.  The machine is still to this day, overpriced.  But with all the modifications, it's worth a project.
This is an absolutely excellent product, and you just can't beat the price. In our conference room, the computer is back in a corner near the LCD projector. Unfortunately, that's nowhere near the conference table where people sit. Previously, we had to jockey things around and avoid tripping over cables to make things work.Now, you can sit anywhere in the room and control the PC. You can even pass the keyboard and mouse around. Goodbye cables! And it was completely plug-and-play. Pop the INCLUDED batteries into the keyboard and mouse, plug the RF receiver into the keyboard and mouse ports on the PC, turn on the computer, and you're up and running! The hardest part was opening the sealed plastic packaging.One other reviewer mentioned an inability to use the keyboard and mouse simultaneously because of channel conflicts. You can--and should--have the two run on different channels. It even says so in the documentation. Unfortunately, the default settings put both on the same channel, so you might have a problem unless you read the documentation first.My only complaint with the product--the only thing that kept me from giving it five stars--was the size of the mouse. It's a little wide and hard for people with small hands to use. But that's nitpicking.I'm ordering one for home tonight!
I love the wireless keyboard, but I too found the mouse to use up batteries quickly, and the mouse input had become jerky after a while. I cleaned the mouse ball and rollers, but that didn't fix the problem. I also had each device on a separate channel, that helped a little but not good enough. I went back to using a wired mouse and have no more problems. Anyway, I love lounging back in my chair while typing up term papers and having no cords to trip over.
First...I give the product itself a 5 but I give a 1 for the support of this product. My dog found the great taste of this cd and broke it after chewing on it and I cant find a replacement CD or a place to download the software that came with the set for the life of me. But dont get me wrong the keyboard and mouse is a great deal cause it if VERY well built. And a very good range(be sure to buy rechargable batteries cause they tend to get expensive).My only other wish is that the media control buttons glow in the dark of have the buttons lighted to see them in the dark(for flipping through songs/music videos while lying in bed...even 2 or 3 small LEDs might work for the low power of 2AA batteries)
Yeah that is my only gripe with this one.At almost $30,000 I was expecting a mousepad to go with it but to my dismay I found out I had to shell another $2.60 to buy a matte-finish mousepad that will go well with its carbon-fibre casing. Well, you can't blame us average consumers if we sometimes expect to get our money's worth. Just imagine what I could buy with the $2.60 had they been considerate enough to ship it with one decent mousepad.On a positive note, this little baby is a blast. It helped me a lot surfing the web for MP3s and typing my little brother's report on the migration of bird-flu viruses in Southeast Asia.I rate this product only four stars out of a generous five.
First off, I believe Apple has fixed the monitor problem.  Mine has worked flawlessly since purchase a couple of weeks ago.  In fact, the monitor is one of the best things this computer has going for it.  Flat, sharp, clear, excellent color, and 17".The eMac is an excellent computer for home and family use.  People may complain that this machine is underpowered -- I disagree.  In my opinion, given the market this machine is supposed to address (home and education), the price/performance ratio can't be beat.  This is good and plenty computer for the cost, even when compared to Windows machines intended to compete in that same market.The 700 mhz G4 is plenty fast for most uses -- most people don't do complicated Photoshop work, for example, and if you do, you wouldn't be looking at a low-end consumer machine anyway.  My guess is that the speed compares roughly to a 1.5 ghz Pentium 4.The GeForce2 video card is probably out of date, and 32 megs VRAM is on the low end.  However, the eMac handles all games currently released with aplomb.  I've played Wolfenstein, Max Payne, Red Faction, Undying on it at high detail settings (but not maxed), with perfectly playable, reasonably fluid framerates.  And the games look great on the flat-screen monitor.  I suspect that this computer has at least six months to a year before gaming obsolescence.  If gaming is your thing, check out the 17' flat-screen iMac at twice the price.  The casual gamer will do just fine with an eMac.The existence of two firewire ports means that this machine will handle high-speed peripherals without problems. Apple's included applications  for burning CD's and DVD's and putting together home movies are the easiest, most intuitive, and best available for home use.OS X lives up to its reputation for stability and ease of use.  I have experienced almost no program crashes, but when I did, it didn't take the whole system with them.  Quit the program and continue on your way.Downsides are that you are probably fixed where internal components are concerned (except RAM).  Processor and videocard are soldered onto the motherboard and thus not upgradeable.  Hard drive and optical drive are probably upgradeable, but the machine is [hard] to crack open.  I've been inside many different macs, and I wouldn't risk opening this one if you paid me.You will also need to upgrade RAM out of the box.  Get at least 256 megs extra.  Luckily, RAM is cheap.  ...  RAM is user-installable through a special opening in the bottom of the computer.The specs on this machine are the equivalent of the two lower-end flat-screen iMacs.  The only difference is price, monitor, the type of RAM accepted, and the ease with which you can upgrade RAM.  I personally think the CRT monitor is better than the flat-screen, and bigger too, so I believe the eMac is the better value.The eMac is absolutely fine in every way, as far as I'm concerned.  It is good but not outstanding for specialized purposes (gamers, media professionals may want more horsepower or upgradeable machines).  But, it is PERFECT for the use for which it was intended.  Families and students will be more than satisfied with price, performance, and appearance.I bought a tilt-swivel stand and iSub subwoofer too.  Indispensible additions.  The iSub does wonders for the sound, and the tilt-swivel stand does wonders for ergonomics.
Here is a computer that truly empowers the user to be part of the digital revolution. The best part? Someone else did all the hard work. Apple, in one fell swoop, gives you the power to create your own CDs, DVDs, manage MP3s, make movies, and more. To be fair, all of these things are possible on a PC as well, but not out of the box and not without some fairly intense software/hardware juggling. There are some trade-offs for this machine. Apple does not supply enough RAM for it. get a minimum of another 128 megs (though 256-512 more would be better) and as of yet, there are no upgrade paths available. Some enterprising company will eventually come up with something (they always do!). If you use this machine online and send email to misguided PC using friends, you may also want to take advantage of the discount available for Microsoft Office for OSX. It too is an amazing product (doubly so for coming from Microsoft &lt;wink>) with many features not available for the PC version. If movies are one of the reasons you buy this machine, another piece of hardware may be needed. If you have a digital camcorder with iLink/firewire, then you're good to go! If you have an older camcorder or lots of footage on VHS, you may need (again depending on your digital camcorder as some allow analog pass though)an analog to digital converter. Sony makes a good one as does Dazzle. I personally use the Dazzle DV bridge and have been very happy with it. Also spend a little more at the altar of Apple and download QuickTime Pro for 29.99. It's a great companion piece to iMovie. For iMovie tricks, get the excellent book by Erica Sadun called iMovie 2 Solutions also available at Amazon.
I've used Macs my whole life and the emac is a computer that's worthy of the price tag.  It has a Superdrive (CD/DVD Burner) which would cost hundreds of dollars more if you bought one of the PowerMac series.  I've burned a few CD's and DVD's so far and the results have been amazing!  With iDVD, you can make your own home movies.  With a digital camcorder, I was able to film a recent family reunion and added old family photos, taped interviews, etc. to make a cool little gift for extended family members.The only reasons I don't give the emac 5 stars are it's not upgradeable like the PowerMacs are.  With the emac, you're trading processor upgrading for a cheaper cost, but this truly is a great computer, and it runs OSX (Jaguar) just fine.  Jaguar is shipped with the emac, so you don't have to buy it seperate.  Also, the fan which is used to cool the computer, is quite LOUD.  I've heard it from other rooms when it's quiet.So if you want an affordable all-in-one desktop computer with the ability to burn DVD's, this is your best option.  I recommend upgrading the memory to 512 MB if you plan on running many programs.  Jaguar takes a minimum of 128 MB.
I'm also a Mac and PC user and also agree with the reviews below. The noise issue is the only reason I took off a star. Earlier models had a bad board that made the CPU fan run faster than it needed. In case you didn't know, the CPU fan changes speed to suit the cooling needs of the CPUs (a very nice Apple-ish touch). My CPU fan is very quite 98% of the time. The loudest noise comes from the power supply fans. There are replacement after-market fans available, but I don't think I'm going to need it. Yep - it's louder than my old G3, but not as loud as the new high-end Dells we have at work.The box comes wired and ready for 4 hard drives and two optical drives. There were even some hard drive mounting screws in redundant holes just waiting for me to add my 120 gig WD. RAM is easy to add as well - buy a gig. I use 18004memory.com.Comes with all the software you need. Made a DVD the same day I opened the box. Moving to OS X was a great opportunity for me to upgrade my other hardware and cut the cord on a lot of pre-1997 junk I had been clinging to. Dive into Aqua with both feet, the water's fine!
I've been a Mac fan since the PB 180, but had gone PC for a while.  I came back to the Mac with this DP G4 and love it.  It's fast and has all of the goodies.  We made a DVD of my son's first year with iMovie and made a DVD our families love. You can't do that on a PC without a lof of expensive software and hardware.  My only issue is the noise.
Highlights for this little computer:Small Footprint - Even in economy with the passenger ahead of you leaned back so far you are certain they are sitting in your seat, this computer still has ample room for seeing the display and utilizing the keyboard.Lightweight - I haven't actually weighed it but I do know that the whole system with battery weighs the same as one of the batteries from my previous laptop (2 yr old Dell).  Its weight and size make it very convenient for carrying to meetings and on the airplane.Respectable Battery Life - Stock battery that ships with this unit gets 3+ hours with Wireless LAN enabled and 4+ hours with Wireless disabled.  I used it during a east to west coast flight and I actually had to stop using it because of preparation for landing rather than the battery running out of charge.Low Points:Screen Size - The ~10" screen keeps the footprint down but it does cause me to squint sometimes.Keyboard - Two things I really dislike about the keyboard: the right shift key is very small (I miss it often during touch typing)and the Fn key must be used in combination with the arrow keys for PgUp, PgDown, Home, and End functionality.Note about Amazon.com's description of the SRX99: Their review indicates that it has an internal CD/DVD drive.  This is not true.  It actually comes with an external drive.
Need a home or small business server, and one that can easily be taken with you on a trip? This is a viable candidate. It can have two notebook harddrives, low 50w AC power, Administrator control for seven users at various access levels, vpn tunnel, multi-page screens for current events, company policies, etc, public & private storage areas, printer Que, Wi-Fi capable, and a built in router. On the CON side, it is Linux based which means it is very stable, but the files cannot be opened directly by microsoft products. You must have the included program that makes them readable. Not really a problem unless the machine zaps, then all of your data is in linux talk. Another con is that the harddrives do not spin down when not in use. I have been using mine for more than a year now, no problems. A quality machine with most of the best features, and the LCD lets you step thru the menu settings. Three icons appear on your computer screen. Admin, User, and Digital central. From the admin screens you can control all of the various access levels, system messages, and other admin tasks. User is for user log on. Digital central is for home security  camera, etc. You can group with just a router, but if you want intranet control, printer Que, vpn tunnel, etc, you need a server. I recommend this one.
First of all lets realize that computers now wait for us as opposed to us waiting for them, as we've done for years. Even with several applications going at once there should be nothing to slow us down any more. Thats why we keep trading up every 6 months or so.Well the Compaq 6550 wont disappoint. Not only is it loaded with power and speed, it has the drives to match: 80 gigs (what am I gonna do with all that space?), a DVD player which displays movies extremely well in this computer, and a CDRW ready to churn out copies in just a couple of minutes. Plus it has a complement of software which provides tools for fun, financials, films, security, communication, storage, productivity, and great sounding music.I upgraded from a P3 1 gig, 256RAM, GForceMX PC and this new system very noticeably outruns it, especially with heavy Photoshop use. Intel's (direct AGP) graphic chip looks about equivalent on the display. I do work with images in website building; the color rendition and richness of the images look quite nice.On the negative, there exists no available AGP slot, so the results of future upgrading of the video card (using PCI slot) may be less than optimum. Also, although the USBs are the faster 2 type, it lacks a fire wire jack which I think by now should be standard.This baby runs super quiet, similar to a laptop, and the cover is a snap to open for accessibility.This is a far cry from the old problematic Presario clunkers. I like the new Presario.
I recently purchased the Pavilion ze4115 and find it to be an excellent value for the money.  If you're looking for a notebook that's small and lightweight, this may not be the unit for you as it's rather on the large size for a notebook.  I don't travel much so portability wasn't an issue for me.  The pros of the notebook include a great display which isn't hard on the eyes, a DVD player which overall offers a good quality picture, a CD burner which is easy to use, and a great sound system.  The cons is the weight of the unit with a battery installed, the latch that locks the display to the case (at least on mine) isn't a tight fit, and there's a slight buzz when the fan starts. Overall, I'm pleased with my purchase and with the rebates that are available, it's definitely a good value.
There are better notebooks, but for the money and coming from a major manufacturer it can't be beat.  I wanted a notebook for business and not gaming.  I wish however they would not pre-install all the apps.  If I want Quicken or Word Perfect on my notebook, I will install them from the CD's.
I have had my computer for about 3 years and I have never had a problem. It has never been in for a single repair. It has been used frequently by my two teenagers.  Maybe I was just lucky?!  The battery did go out about 1 year into its life, but no biggie.
I've been using this laptop regulary for 3 months now and wanted to give a report on how it's doing. The good: runs quiet and doesn't overheat, screen is still good, dvd playback is fantastic, relatively stable, burner still working (no coasters yet). The bad: hibernation doesn't work, the video card has a problem with direct x and is subpar for games (I have constant lock ups playing Half Life and video card isn't supported by newer games like America's Army), problems with the touchpad (it also feels flimsy). If you are a student like me, I'd definitely reccomend this laptop. It's got more than enough power to type a report,watch a dvd, or burn some music. Just don't count on being able to play games on it. If you get hp laptop, get one with an amd chip. It seems like the ones with pentiums have more problems and don't perform up to their specs from what I've read in the reviews here.
This system won't give you top performance but it's a good value for what it is. I bought an HP Pavilion 2 1/2 years ago that was state of the art for the time, and I've been quite happy with the quality and features of the system. One nice thing HP did is their keyboard has two USB ports on each side of the keyboard, and two more ports on the back of the box, for a total of 4. This has been great for hooking up a couple of ZiO! flash ROM readers/writers that I use as "fat" floppies without having to add an extra USB hub.This system improves even on that and has 6 USB ports, which is very convenient. You should be able to hook up your keyboard, mouse, printer, scanner, and two other peripherals without having to add capacity.If you need performance, this system probably isn't for you. But the 1.7 GHz celeron chip is more than adequate for most applications. The system lacks a DVD, but I have one on my system and I've only used it once. The only use for a DVD on a PC at this point is to watch movies, and unless you're a laptop user and watch them on plane flights, you probably won't need it. However, they'll be more useful when games start coming out on DVD which require the higher storage capacity.The system does have a decent CD R/W drive, but the graphics is an Intel Extreme Graphics chipset and is onboard and not upgradeable, but it does have 32 megs of video RAM, which is good enough for many games, but not for some of the more demanding ones, like Unreal Tournament 2003. You should probably get a minimum of a 64 meg and probably 128 meg video card if you're going to run games like that at high settings, such as using full 32-bit color, greater than 640x480 resolution, a high level of world and texture detail, or special effects like dynamic lighting, trilinear filtering, halos, decals, and so on. Also, the onboard chipset is PCI and not AGP. AGP is about twice as fast as PCI in terms of bus speed.One great use for this system for someone like me would be as a separate Red Hat Linux box, so I wouldn't have to double-boot my own PC. I might even buy one for that reason. This would probably also make a great Linux webserver for most applications.One futher suggestion, I haven't checked them out in a while, but the eMachine boxes have also offered good machines in the past. I don't know how their current model would compare with this one, but I know they're still out there and you might compare features and price with them too.Overall, however, a good quality system that would probably be more than adequate for most people's needs at a competitive price, and I'd actually give it 4.5 stars if I could.
If you're looking for an ultra high tech machine, look elsewhere. Likewise, if you're looking for a PC that you can easily upgrade as time and finances allow, this is not the model for you. However, if you're looking for a basic PC that will connect easily enough to a network to be used as a work station, or directly to the Internet for a little browsing and emailing, or perhaps to listen to some music or even watch a DVD, this one will do just fine. It also has more than enough punch to do any household chores, like money management and light desktop publishing. It certainly is a great machine for a student. I have a number of HPs around my home and office, and for the most part they were bought to be functional rather than "cutting edge" performers. They have not only proven themselves to be functional, they have proven themselves to be extremely reliable (one machine in my home has been left on virtually 24-7 for 2 years and still runs like a top). This machine has just about all the features any casual computer user would want: an adequate 1.6 GHz Celeron processor, 256 MB of RAM, a 60 GB hard disk and a good CD-RW+DVD player. Perhaps most impressive, however, is the price. Machines this capable are the equivalent of the sub-$$$$ color TV: they may not have all the "bells and whistles", but they certainly do their job well enough.
I just bought the Pavilion 513x-b, which is very similar to this model. My only complaints are#1 That there isn't enough PCI slots available to really upgrade this system in the near future.#2 That there are only 2 - 5 slots in the tower and 1 - 3 slot. That means you can only add one drive (Mine came with a CD-RW and I added the hp dvd writer dvd200i, which is currently the 2nd top rated DVD-RW drive on the market, only beaten out my Sony on audio ripping) a DVD-RW drive.#3 - There is only space for one more hard drive. I already threw in my old 40GB, as the system only came with a 30GB (guess I'll have to add a Raid Array to add my two other 13GB's)Other than that, it's a great system.  :o)
To begin with, it looks great. It's black &amp; silver, sleek &amp;  reasonably svelte at 6.5 lbs. The HP genes are apparent in its design and the result is pleasing. The CPU is an adequate 1.2 Athalon XP; it's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as an Intel P4. System memory also just adequate at 256 megs, though this can be doubled easily enough. The hard drive is a generous 30 gigs. A DVD player is included in a combination drive, but there is no CD burner offered. All the Compaq's connections are in the right place, though missing is any USB 2.0 port (too bad because if you want to add an external CD burner, the USB 2.0 protocol is the way to fly). Graphics are in line with the other components, with a 16 meg ATI card onboard (I am a fan of ATI graphics cards because they have been quite reliable over the long haul and because upgrading them from ATI's nice website is a snap) rendering a surprisingly sharp 14&quot; display. Overall, this is a &quot;good enough&quot; basic machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
Well I have had this computer for about 10 days and everyone in the house loves the speed we are enjoying here.  It's a Pentium 4 with the 512MB of RAM which I thought was overkill but it certainly zips through webforms fast and performs MS Office like a dream.Sony loads you up with some nice software like Wordperfect and stuff to help you get the best use out of the CD-RW and DVD drives they installed.  The front access to USB and memory stick ports are very convienent too!When I opened the box and put it on my desk I was really puzzled on how you oopen this computer up.  So rather than be totally confused I went to Circuit City and the salesmen show me how the top pops off after you push 2 tabs and they the sides come off after you push another tab inside.  Easy as pie!  I haven't messed with that.  My only problem was my top cover had to be replaced by Sony because of a sharp egde.  But other than that it's a great choice for a family PC.
First, I was adamant about buying a system cuz I usually build my own. But I didn't have time so I just bought the Vaio and hoped Sony will live up to its reputation.Here are the machine specs that are not obvious from reading just the documentation:Motherboard: it was an Asus P4S533VX. This was a good sign cuz I've been an Asus fan since the P55T2P4 rev 3 board using an Athlon chip.DVD-ROM DRIVE: was a Toshiba 16x drive.CD-RW DRIVE: not sure what Sandra told me but it was a 32x read / 10x re-write / 40x write burner.MODEM: Lucent winmodem.I ran some Sandra benchmarks and the CPU test was very good: 4782 MIPS for Dhrystone and 1332/2986 MFLOPS for Whetstone.The memory test however was kinda dismal. It was lower than the comparable test from a 2G system. I'm not sure if Sandra is wrong here but it's given me accurate results from before.The system is very quiet, you have to put your ears very close to the system to make sure it's running. The system upon going into hibernate mode, it turns the square light on the front from blue to orange-- very neat. Once you touch the keyboard, it powers back up without problem.So far there's no problem as of yet. I noticed the drive is partitioned into two: C drive with about 20Gb and D drive into 60Gb. I guess this is okay so I can install all the stuff into D: drive.The anti-virus that came with it is a PC-Cillin evaluation deal. I uninstalled it and installed my newly bought Norton Internet Security without any problem.In summary, this would get a 5 rating but the integrated video (Sis) sharing memory with the system takes it down a notch. But I can probably replace it with an Nvidia or Radeon AGP card to put it back to a 5 rating. I guess this is not really a fault cuz you ought to know this while buying the system.The Sis video is not really bad. I played Quake3 and Morrowind with no apparent problem. Morrowind is kinda choppy but I just read that it may be due to its copy protection. Quake3 was smooth though.All in all it's not a bad system. Oh, the speakers are not the best. I would replace this with one of those sets with a sub. For a $... system with a 17" Sony monitor and a Canon i320 printer, this is a good deal.
This is the best Sony I've reviewed, again gaining high marks for its value. Doubling its predecessor's DDRAM to 512 megs and adding 6 2.0 USB ports makes this machine's specs good enough as shipped to make 95% of the PC market happy. The other 5% (myself included) would like to have a true game-ready, 64 megs (or higher!) of video RAM. The included 32 meg Sony in-house, on-chip setup here just won't cut the mustard.  There is, however, an open 4x AGP slot, so an upgrade can be bought (figure about ... for a very good video card) and slid into place in 10 minutes without any fuss. In addition, there is no monitor included here, so that's another important expense to add (I'd budget about ... for a very nice 17" LCD monitor). Nonetheless, it's a quality machine with lots of great features and it's one I'd be happy to have "as is" for anything but interactive Internet gaming or CAD.
I bought this computer on impulse-- stupid, huh?  But I thought it looked really sharp on display so I got the last one on the shelf and toted it home.Two months later the power source died.  I went to the Sony website in a far from concilatory mood.  By the time I finished with the CS rep I was almost happy.  Ok, I was a lot less unhappy.  It was a known problem.  They sent me a box to mail it back in (postage paid).  I had my computer back in four days.  They extended the warranty for two years and I got a free handheld in the mail about a week later.  (Oh, yeah, and I could have got a refund of the total price.)Nice job, Sony.
This is my second Sony Vaio laptop as the first was incredibly durable and is still going strong after unbelievable abuse.  I have been using the VX89 for about 2 months now and I am very impressed.  I use it exclusively in a number of wireless networks and its performance is very impressive.  It is the bestwireless laptop I have ever used.  I really like everything about it, especially its size/weight.  My other Vaio is a 8.5lb luggable.  The only thing I would wish for is a 1.2 or 1.5 cpu as the 900, slow by todays standards, performs very well across all MS office applications.  The battery life is also very good....I can count on just over 3 hours on a full charge.
To begin with, it looks great. It's black &amp; silver, sleek &amp; reasonably svelte at 6.5 lbs. The HP genes are apparent in its design and the result is pleasing. The CPU is an adequate 1.33 Athalon XP; it's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as an Intel P4. System memory also just adequate at 256 megs, though this can be doubled easily enough. The hard drive is a generous 30 gigs. A DVD/CD-R/W combination drive in included. All the Compaq's connections are in the right place, though missing is any USB 2.0 port. The video card is in line with the other components, with a 16 meg ATI card onboard driving a very sharp 14.1&quot; active matrix display. (I am a fan of ATI graphics cards because they have been quite reliable over the long haul and because upgrading them from ATI's nice website is a snap) Overall, this is a good, basic machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
To begin with, it looks great. It's black &amp; silver, sleek &amp; reasonably svelte at 6.5 lbs. The HP genes are apparent in its design and the result is pleasing. The CPU is an adequate 1.67 Athalon XP; it's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as an Intel P4. System memory is provided by a very fast 512 megs of DDRAM. The hard drive is a generous 40 gigs. A DVD/CD-R/W combination drive in included. All the Compaq's connections are in the right place, though missing throughout the entire 9xx line is any USB 2.0 port. The video card is a bit small for the other components of the 920, with a 16 meg ATI card onboard driving a 15&quot; active matrix display. (I am a fan of ATI graphics cards because they have been quite reliable over the long haul and because upgrading them from ATI's nice website is a snap. However, this machine should have been given at least 32 megs of video RAM) Overall, this is a very good machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
This is a very impressive little bit of engineering...  I'm typing this review on the S503 and have put it through it's paces.  First this is the only laptop I've ever seen with an integrated subwoofer, what's not to love about that.  Second you have USB 2.0 and Firewire, so plug in those cam-corders and make your own on-site edits.  The processor packs some power but it lags a little in online applications, patience is a virtue.  However you wont feel that typical 'I'm on a laptop' lack of power.  The remote is a nice add-on, didn't know what I'd use it for untill I saw that this computer plugs right into an RCA on your TV, not just video etc, but the FULL screen all the time.  This leads to Divx movies with friends or DVD's where you might not have one.  The screen is so bright and vivid you may just want to watch movies on the built in 15&quot; screen.  There's an SPDIF output regular stereo and allegedly digital optical enabling dts if your reciever allows.  The lid is made of a soft plastic and scratches much to easy, take good care of this one.  I've heard that Toshiba has one of the best customer service satisfaction ratings above dell and gateway.  Overall I'm very pleased to be leaving my 2 compaqs in the dust, they never lived up to their potential, Toshiba has consistantly blown away my expectations.
Before getting this unit, I checked out the Sony GRX-670 at Best Buy. I decided to get the Toshiba because of the following advantages over the GRX-670 series: USB2.0, 64MB sound card, Better sound, Integrated wireless. A GRX at the same price would get you a 1.9Ghz system with a 30GB hard drive.After using the unit for a week, I still like this machine but I would have defintely wanted the Sony's brighter and crisper 16&quot; screen. With the same 1600x1200 resolution, the extra 1&quot; at the top and bottom translates to bigger fonts. I tried to change the display font in windows to 125% normal size and this has worked for most programs except Internet Explorer. If you are viewing websites formatted with CSS to use the smallest font, changing the font size in explorer won't make any difference and you have to decrease screen resolution to view these pages without hurting your eyes.One disadvantage of adjusting resolution below 1600x1200 is that fonts seem blurry because of the interpolation it does to fill 1024x768 to 1600x1200.I've been using the Dlink Wireless 614+ in my home and enjoy connecting at 22mbps. The Toshiba integrated wireless only give me 11mbps.
One of the first notebooks with built-in DVD writer and also built-in 802.11b wireless networking. Really nice, but could be cheaper.
There are two very comparable notebooks close enough in price to call a tie: the Compaq Presario 1525US and the Toshiba Satellite 1905-S303.  On paper they look very similar: 2.4 GHz Pentium 4, 512MB RAM, 40GB hard drive, 15" screen, ATI Radeon graphics chipset (AKA M6-P).  However a closer look gives the Compaq a slight edge.Screen: Both 15" but the Toshiba is 1024-by-768 pixels while the 1280-by-1024 pixels.  To your eyes the Compaq will be sharper because there are more and smaller dots on the screen.  This matters a lot more than you might think (the Compaq is much easier on the eyes).Weight: The Toshiba is 8.3 pounds, while the Compaq is 7.0 pounds.  While neither is a lightweight, you will notice that extra 1.3 pounds if you carry your notebook around a lot.On other issues they are pretty much the same: great for any use other than high-end 3D games (very few notebooks are).Both are a little power hungry and don't have the best battery life (2-3 hours of good use).  For more than that you need to spend a bit more on a notebook using a true P4-M processor (hands down the best notebook CPU ever made but it cost more).  However these are very powerful mobile desktops that work great for those who have their notebooks plugged in most places they go.  These machines will handle high-end computing tasks for many years to come, but the Compaq wins by virtue of its superior display.
This Toshiba is my sixth laptop - first and fourth were Compaqs (loaned to fellow co-workers), second a WinBook (poorest quality of all 6 and bad experience with company), third an iBook (stolen!) and fifth a ProStar (a wonderful machine - also loaned to a co-worker). This Toshiba is the best of the bunch with the iBook running a close second.Overall I am very happy to finally have a machine that acts as a full desktop replacement at a reasonable price. I upgraded it to XP Pro after downloading the drivers from Toshiba and it works like a charm (except for one thing ... see below). I have yet to try to put Mandrake 9.0 on it for dual OS availability. For myself I have only had three complaints with the laptop.1.)The first is a minor one that I had to laugh at when it came in the mail - the laptop is a dark, midnight BLUE. Not black, as I had expected, somehow. :) Oh well!2.)The second, though, is a bit more problematic, and that is bound up with the LAN module (it is made by Intel). I have found it very "hit-and-miss" with regards to connecting to  networks via ethernet cable and cable modem broadband connections. As far as I can tell, it works best with a short distance cable from the gateway, dns server, etc. When I had that in place (going through a switch) everything worked fine ... but away from that it has been touchy. Perhaps this is only particular to my laptop, though. But ... prospective buyers should be aware. :) It could just be my bad luck but it could also be a poor choice for a LAN module on Toshiba's part. Of course one can always get a pcmcia LAN card for ... or so ... so if a problem it is not irreplaceable!By the way, if you do upgrade the machine to XP Pro via clean install the driver for the LAN module is available from Intel's website (version 6.4 or something). The only driver on Toshiba's download/support page for this laptop is for W2K. It doesn't work with XP, although it will install itself. The driver available on Intel's website is what they ship the XP Home package with.3.)The third (small!) complaint is with the ATI M6 video chip. I use an external monitor (for use a 1280x1024 full page layout in QuarkXPress) and found that the color images the video port threw onto it were of a slightly washed out quality. The graphics on the laptop display itself, though, are stunning. I have absolutely no complaints with that! If you are just going to use an external monitor for functions where color accuracy is not an issue (like in page layout without embedded color images - we use mostly black and white anyway) then there should be no problem with this small drawback. If you are ....Other notes: the weight is not a big problem for me personally, nor is size ... one can simply purchase a bag to fit this 15" screen laptop into for a very reasonable price most anywahere - although why a user would not purchase a hard case is beyond me. :) Even if it is a little heavier I am the sort that is willing to endure a little discomfort to protect my investment. I am also the sort that likes to get the longest possible warranties on things though.Also: I have not been disappointed with the sound much, but perhaps I haven't been around the really rich multimedia oriented laptops previous to today? The lack of a ps/2 port was not a problem for me personally as I was already using usb keyboards and mice. If you need a ps/2 keyboard or mouse in pre-boot applications the laptop's own built-in keyboard and touchpad work fine.Once again, though, overall I am very satisfied with this wonderful machine (we are going to wireless networking soon anyway!) and would recommend it's being bought to others.
Objectively, I do not wish to give any comment on the product. Before purchase, please look at this first. Here is some important parameters tested from the computer.&lt; Processor(s) &gt;Model:  Intel(R) Pentium(R) 4 CPU 2.40GHzSpeed:  2.39GHzPerformance Rating:  PR2631 (estimated)Type:  StandardL2 On-board Cache:  512kB ECC synchronous ATCL3 On-board Cache:  512kB ECC burst write-back&lt; System Mainboard &gt;Bus(es):  AGP PCI PCMCIA CardBus USB FireWire/1394 SMBus/i2cMP Support:  NoSystem BIOS:  TOSHIBA V1.80System Mainboard:  Null BTR20System Chipset:  Toshiba America Information Systems 82845 BrookdaleHost-Hub Interface Bridge (B0-step)Front Side Bus Speed:  4x 100MHz (400MHz data rate)Installed Memory:  511MB DDR-SDRAMMemory Bus Speed:  2x 133MHz (266MHz data rate)Serial/Parallel Port(s):  1 COM / 1 LPTUSB Controller/Hub:  Intel(r) 82801BA/BAM USB Universal Host Controller -2442USB Controller/Hub:  Intel(r) 82801BA/BAM USB Universal Host Controller -2444USB Controller/Hub:  USB Root HubUSB Controller/Hub:  USB Root HubFireWire/1394 Controller:  Texas Instruments OHCI Compliant IEEE 1394 HostControllerPCMCIA/CardBus Controller:  O2Micro OZ6933 CardBus ControllerPCMCIA/CardBus Controller:  O2Micro OZ6933 CardBus ControllerKeyboard:  Standard 101/102-Key&lt; System Memory Controller &gt;Location:  MainboardError Correction Capability:  NoneNumber of Memory Slots:  3Maximum Installable Memory:  512MBDIMM 0 - J6J1:  DIMM Synchronous SDRAM 256MB/64DIMM 1 - J6J2:  DIMM Synchronous SDRAM 256MB/64DIMM 2 - J7J1:  Empty&lt; System Chipset &gt;Model:  Toshiba America Information Systems 82845 BrookdaleHost-Hub Interface Bridge (B0-step)Bus(es):  AGP PCI PCMCIA CardBus USB FireWire/1394 SMBus/i2cFront Side Bus Speed:  4x 100MHz (400MHz data rate)Max FSB Speed / Max Memory Speed:  4x 100MHz / 2x 133MHzIn Order Queue Depth:  12 req(s)&lt; Chipset Hub Interface &gt;Type:  HubInterfaceVersion:  1.00No. Ports:  1Width:  8-bitFull Duplex:  YesMultiplier:  1xSpeed:  4x 66MHz (264MHz data rate)&lt; Logical/Chipset Memory Banks &gt;Bank 0 Setting:  256MB DDR-SDRAM 8-1-1-1R 6-1-1-1W 2.0-3-3CLBank 2 Setting:  256MB DDR-SDRAM 8-1-1-1R 6-1-1-1W 2.0-3-3CLSpeed:  2x 133MHz (266MHz data rate)Multiplier:  1.33xRefresh Rate:  7.80&Igrave;sPower Down Mode:  NoFixed Hole Present:  No&lt; Memory Module(s) &gt;Memory Module 1:  NT256D64S88AMGM-7K A200010D 256MB 8x(32Mx8) DDR-SDRAMPC2100U-233-750 (CL2.5 upto 143MHz) (CL2 upto 133MHz)Memory Module 2:  NT256D64S88AMGM-7K 5900010D 256MB 8x(32Mx8) DDR-SDRAMPC2100U-233-750 (CL2.5 upto 143MHz) (CL2 upto 133MHz)&lt; AGP Bus &gt;Version:  2.00Speed:  66MHzCurrent Data Transfer Rate:  4x 66MHz (264MHz data rate)Side Band Enabled:  YesFast-Writes Enabled:  NoFast-Writes Support:  YesAperture Size:  64MB&lt; PCI Bus(es) &gt;Version:  2.20No Bridges:  2PCI Bus 0:  PCI (33MHz)PCI Bus 2:  PCI (33MHz)Multiplier:  1/3x&lt; LPC Hub Controller 1 &gt;Model:  Intel Corporation 82801BA LPC Interface (ICH2 B5 step)ACPI PM Enabled:  YesRandom Number Generator Enabled:  NoRandom Number Generator Support:  Yes&lt; USB Controller 1 &gt;Model:  Toshiba America Information Systems 82801BA/BAM USBController #1 (ICH2/ICH2-M B5 step)Version:  1.10UHCI Interface:  YesChannels:  2Speed:  48MHzLegacy Emulation Enabled:  No&lt; USB Controller 2 &gt;Model:  Toshiba America Information Systems 82801BA/BAM USBController #2 (ICH2/ICH2-M B5 step)Version:  1.10UHCI Interface:  YesChannels:  2Speed:  48MHzLegacy Emulation Enabled:  No&lt; FireWire/1394 Controller 1 &gt;Model:  Toshiba America Information Systems TSB43AB22 1394a-2000 OHCI PHY/Link-Layer ControllerVersion:  1.10OHCI Interface:  YesEnhanced 1394a Support:  YesChannels:  64Speed:  400MHz&lt; CardBus/PCMCIA Controller 1 &gt;Model:  O2 Micro Inc OZ6933 CardBus Controller&lt; CardBus/PCMCIA Controller 2 &gt;Model:  O2 Micro Inc OZ6933 CardBus Controller&lt; System SMBus Controller 1 &gt;Model:  Intel 801xx SMBusVersion:  0.05Speed:  16kHz&lt; Expansion Slot(s) &gt;PCI Slot #1 - J1101I:  PCI 32-bit 5V 3.3V FullLengthPCI Slot #2 - J1001I (2h):  PCI 32-bit 5V 3.3V FullLength InUsePCI Slot #3 - J901I (3h):  PCI 32-bit 5V 3.3V FullLength Available&lt; Port Connector(s) &gt;J1K1 - COM 1:  Serial Port 16550A Compatible - 9 Pin Dual Inline / DB-9 pin maleJ1J3 - Parallel:  Parallel Port ECP/EPP - 25 Pin Dual Inline / DB25 pinfemaleJ1M1 - Keyboard:  Keyboard Port - None / Circular DIN-8 maleJ1M1 - PS/2 Mouse:  Keyboard Port - None / Circular DIN-8 male
I've had my Toshiba Satellite for over 3 years now and it still runs great.  Only one annoying thing, the battery went dead, so I need to get a new one.  Now, I have the a/c adapter plugged in all the time and I don't take it anywhere with me because it's too heavy to carry around.  No battery lasts forever anyway.I had the problem with the laptop shutting down without warning when it over heats, nothing a little pressurized air can't fix.Overall, I'm still very happy with mine.
First off, I'm very happy with the computer overall. It's nice, it's fast, and it's a good looking machine--except for its size. Although I highly recommend this computer, there are a couple of things some people might want to know concerning some of these machines.First, a minor thing: the fan on the left side is where the air comes out of, and it is quite warm and frequent, which keeps the comp cool, but anything near that side will get pretty warm.Second, and a big thing, is the video card, the ATI M6 card. I am not sure if the problem happens in every computer, but I've seen online many others with the same complaint. If you try to play one of the newer games--Warcraft III, Age of Mythology, etc--the computer will crash, give you a blue screen and restart shortly after you begin the game. Toshiba website has a driver that does not work, and no one appears to have the right driver for the card. However, there IS a solution.[...]For those of you who have this problem and have not solved it, go there. It was VERY helpful, and I'm glad the video card works now.Overall, though, it is a great computer that I still recommend.
I have owned my Toshiba Satellite 1905 s303 since December 2002.  I have not had to many problems with it.  As mentioned in some other reviews it started to shut down at random.  I found the problem was it was over heating.  To fix it just use pressurized air to blow out the cooling fan and fins area, too much dust was on the cooling fins.  Because I have more powerful computers it seems a little slow, but it has plenty of power for most people.
I have used this notebook daily for two years now, and have for the most part been very happy with its performance.  I upgraded to 512 ram immediatly, added an external cdrw, and wireless card.  With these three upgrades it has been a decent desktop replacement (though I dont play many games).  I seldom turn this system off (usually only when traveling).  I would say it has been on 60% of the last two years.  I am able to multitask very well, often having four or more IE windows open plus Adobe Photoshop and an office app. or two going all at once.  It does max out the procesor often and can be slow at times, but overall it gets the job done.  The drawbacks are: gets a bit hot and loud, no internal cdrw, 20GB hardrive to small, speakers not very loud, and the case is very prone to cracking.  I have never dropped this system but both corners near my speakers have little pieces broken out and of coarse the hinges have cracks.  Two years of heavy use was worth 10x the $600 price tag.
I just got a deal for this laptop [$$$$]after rebates and taxes. Before I was using an IBM Think pad 600.. My IBM laptop is better in quality although it is over 3 years old.. IBMs are the best if you can afford them.. However, since I was short on budget, I decided to go ahead with this laptop.Things I like about the laptop:1. Great LCD2. The value.. I sold my old laptop for 300 and I am paying only 400 bucks to upgrade from 300 MHz to 1.5GHz3. The number of USB ports (3 are included)4. The battery life is OK (Lasted for 2:30 with normal use)5. The graphics looked fine.. I played Fifa 2002 and it played just fine.. Although I think 16MB is not very sufficient for all games if you are looking for the most up to date games.6. Unlike one of the reviews I read, I think the system is stable.. I never had a problem with windows XP and I had the system for about a week now.. I have office xp, Microsoft Visual Studio.NET.. every thing seemed to work just fine.Things I don't like:1. No Infrared port2. It gets a little bit hot.. Not to the extent of "over heating".. The keys will feel slightly warm after being used for a time... It is ok but this makes me wait for sometime before closing the laptop so that it doesn't affect the LCD.3. The keyboard looks like it moves if you press one of the keys!! :) it is not much of a problem in my opinion.4. There is no left control key and some keys are placed awkwardlly like the insert and delete!!!All in all, I think it is a good deal for the price I paid..
... .First the goods...Nice 14 inch screen- I compared this screen to other 14 inch models and it's a little below average when it comes to brightness but still a nice screen.Built in CD/DVD- Watch your favorite DVD movies and listen to your favorite CDs right on your desktopDecent sound level- I was suprised at how much sound these little speakers could let out. Also, it has an easy access sound controller at the front of the computer.256 SDRAM- Nice amount of RAM. You'll be able to open many applications at once with this amount. I might get another 256 module since I'll be using some graphics programs.1.5 GHZ Celeron- Well the Celeron may not be the fastest chip ever but 1.5 GHZ is a very fast processor speed. This thing is great at loading programs and applications at a very fast rate.Battery Life- I got over 2 hours in the car on this thing. Very nice battery.Now for the Bad things...No CDRW or floppy drive- There's no way to save your data except for on your hard drive. You can't bring a document to another computer unless you do it online or buy external hardware. I might be buying an external ZIP drive to transfer data from this computer to my other.3 USB ports is nice but no USB 2? I don't think they make any USB stuff anymore it's now all USB 2 cause it's like 20 x faster.Those are my 2 major complaints. The keyboard seems a little cheap but it works great. Also, Is comes with Microsoft Works. It's an ok Word precessor but it stinks compared to Word. For the price I paid for this thing It's worth every penny. Toshiba is a great name. They claim they're the worlds leading laptop manufacturer. The reason I know is because it tells me everytime I load XP. If you can get this computer for under 700, GET IT!!!!
I have this computer for a week and I like it so far.It is a little bigger.  Dont know why it doesnt close flush with the base.I didnt feel the keyboard hot.The DEL key is at the bottom.XP Pro R1 cannot pick up the video, sound or modem driver.  I just install it from Toshiba website...Computer is made in China.  The case is make of plastic.
For all you people arguing over what is in this puppy and how hot it runs, here is the actual output of a couple of Linux commands:$ cat /proc/cpuinfoprocessor  : 0vendor_id  : GenuineIntelcpu family  : 15model  : 2model name  : Mobile Intel(R) Celeron(R) CPU 1.50GHzstepping  : 7cpu MHz  : 1495.613cache size  : 8 KB...snip...$ cat /proc/notebook/temperatureCPU temperature:  57 CFan off temperature:  55 CFan speed 1 temperature:  60 CFan speed 2 temperature:  65 CFan speed 3 temperature:  93 CMinimal temperature to set: 25 CMaximal temperature to set: 95 CFan status:  offThis is an ACPI-only notebook, so its a bit tricky to get Redhat 8.0 Linux installed on it.  But we've got the process down now, so it only takes about 5-10 minutes more than usual to get it up and running. Not bad for 5 C notes.
I was looking for a notebook which would fit a tight budget (I am currently in University) and at the same time satisfy my need for a moderate desktop. I found one after looking at several deals on Thanksgiving. The Toshiba satellite compares in terms of price and components to any of the deals that I was able to uncover.The processor, Is probably a desktop processor. What this means is, if you block the vents its probably going to overheat the CPU. Also, on the road, the cpu performs at half the expected performance. This is necessary due to the reduced voltage. When plugged in, you get the best performance possible.Apart from that, its a good buy and the editorial review will reveal and technical specifications reveal the parts under the hood.** Update (12/9)**Yes, I wrote that 2 years ago. Today, my notebook is on my desk crippled.1. On various occasions it has taken sharp jolts2. The DVD-ROM drive is dead3. Poor workmanship on the chasis has resulted in a power button that has come loose4. The display regulator is broken causing the screen to blank out5. Keyboard has gone badFor the money I invested, I think it's fair that 2 years of use should take their toll. However, I faced problems 4 and 5 after only 1 year of use. I am dissapointed, but I have also contributed to the steady demise of the laptop.** Update 3/10 **If you own this laptop and have run into trouble, this unofficial page ([...]) dedicated to the Satellite 1115-S103 should help you atleast build a plan on what needs to be done.
This is a great laptop for the value. If you get a deal with rebates then you can come out real good on price... I am not sure of Amazon.com's deal. But as for the price, is still a great deal. Especially for me, I am a college student who needs a decent mobile system on top of my desktop system at home. Comes with a built in network interface and modem (not that I'll ever use that really). All I need to do is add a wireless network card and I am done.My only problem with it is the missing built in floppy drive and a TV out adaptor. Other than that, its a great laptop. I don't need a CD-RW on my laptop I have that angle covered and I enjoy having a DVD-ROM (if anything I must have DVD capability). It would have been nice to make atleast one of those USB ports an IEEE 1394 firewire port. But other than those three major draw backs it again is a nice system. Microsoft Works isn't that bad. It is cross compatible with the Office software package. The 1.5GHz celeron is perfect, and 256MB of ram makes this thing even better. I LOVE IT! Pick one up. . . .
I've had the S103 for a week, and for the price I paid (about 500 clams), this is a breakthrough model for value notebooks. Out of the box, this is ideally a supplement to an existing desktop or as a network machine rather than a desktop replacement, due to its lack of a CD burner or floppy drive, but you could add those externally.Here are some of my first impressions:1) The computer is plenty fast for me so far. Word processing, high-speed Internet functions, movies, even a few year-old games, loaded no problem and play without a hickup. I haven't tried Warcraft III or Age of Mythology yet, but heard on Toshiba tech support message board that both cause major problems, but hopefully driver updates will resolve this soon.2) Screen is the big selling point for me. It's a brilliant, 14-inch TFT, true color, 1024X768. Gorgeous.3) Battery life is barely adequate, but what's new? It lasts almost exactly 2 hours, as stated in the instructions, and that includes a slightly less bright screen when in battery mode.4) The build quality/design are not the best. My "Y" key requires too much pressure to click. The buttons for the touchpad are recessed too much for a poor tactile response. I'm considering trying to exchange it because of the stuck Y key.5) The DVD drive is pretty loud. Better use your headphones when watching movies (plays movies fine, but the experience isn't so good when running on the battery due to the short life and dimmed screen).6) There is no Floppy drive, and no way to buy an internal one (I checked with Toshiba). You can get an external floppy.7) Memory upgrade is PC2100 SODIMM, not PC1600 as stated in some Toshiba documents nor regular SDRAM as stated in others. Check out tech support or open up your memory slot and look at your existing memory chip and you will see I am right. Certified 256MB upgrade from Kingston costs about 100 clams.8) I added a D-Link wireless 802.11b card with few problems and am currently filing this wirelessly.9) The fans do run from time to time, and they are jarring at first, but you get used to them. It's really not that bad IMHO. I have run down the entire battery with this thing on my lap, and though it gets very warm, I never felt uncomfortably hot. This issue is overblown.10) The processor is a Mobile Intel Celeron 1.5Ghz processor, not a desktop model. I have confirmed this with Toshiba.11) Haven't tried this yet, but laptop supports an external monitor at up to 1280X1024 at 100Hz, not bad. Video card is Radeon Mobility 6 with 16MB DDR Ram -- Not top of the line, certainly, but a lot more than I expected in a bargain-basement notebook and certainly better than some of those "shared memory" deals I have seen.12) Neither the processor nor the video card are upgradeable.13) There is no USB 2.0 or Firewire port. You can add PCMIA cards with these high-speed ports for about ($$$) or so, and through them add on high-speed hard drives, CD burners, printers, video cameras, iPods, etc. But this would be an issue if you plan on using high-speed peripherals a lot.14) The laptop is 6.9 pounds and relatively thin. Compared to some of the 8.5 pound behemoths out there for four times the cost, this is truly a portable machine, but not an ultralight by any means.15) Has Microsoft Works, Quicken 2001 (!) and a few other gizmos and doodads, but that's about it. You may view this as either great -- no detritus taking up disk and desktop space -- or as a minus. I personally prefer not having 20 programs installed that I will never use.If you look hard, you will find some great deals out there.Enjoy!
This laptop is wonderful for the price... if you pay more than 750.00 for it i would look into something else with more features though (like floppy drive, bigger hard drive).  I've had for a couple weeks now and have had no problems.  No over heating issues that other people have wrote about, etc...I highly recommend this for what i paid for it 650.00 after rebates.  Have fun!
This thing is really just a big oll remote for all of your computers! Thank god! hahIt appears that some people have this confused as a full blown tablet PC. Well it isn't. It is as one of the users put it just a terminal interface that uses the remote connection built into winXPThe main target for this device I would think should be people who are interested in a Home theater PC. Well actually a remote for their HTPC. With the Mplus software that comes installed on the newer Air panels ([...]) you can do quiet a bit with this thing.Might also be handy for the kitchen looking up recipes and stuff. Then again I GUESS you could just print it!This device isn't for my mom it isn't for my friend who casually uses a PC. This device is for me who has several PC's and an extensive HTPC setup. For 400$ this thing is pretty slick. I would like it to be at around 300$ after all is said and done.
To the person who recommened the Envision EN-5200e 15&quot; LCD Monitor instead of the ViewSonic Airpanel V110 10&quot; Smart Display...I hate to tell you this but they are totally different kinds of monitors.  The Envision is just a monitor period.  I have a 15&quot; Rad LCD monitor which I like fairly well...if on a site to long the numbers and letters imprint in the screen forever lol.  But the ViewSonic &quot;Smart Display&quot; is a monitor that you install wireless and then can use at the desk or you can take it to the living room, bedroom, outside or wherever and continue to use as if you were at your desk.  I don't mean to sound bossy or know-it-all, but they really are two different birds!  Thanks for listening.P.S. That's why there is a big price difference too. :o)
I picked one up a few days ago and had it up and running in under 5 minutes. I just pointed it to my existing 802.11b network and specified my main computer name that was running XP pro. It's very light, compact, great display, no heat and range is comparable to any other 802.11b device on the network.Other reviewers wrote that the price is high and that they would rather get a laptop, well yes I agree. BUT, I already have 2 laptops and 2 desktops on my network and the problem with the laptop solution is that it's bigger, heavier and I hate having my stuff on multiple PC's. With the Airpanel I'm using everything on my main PC and that's a huge benefit. Battery life is great 4-5 hours from a 3 hour charge and the touch screen and virtual keyboard eliminate the need for a keyboard or mouse unless you are using Word or Excel and need to type a lot.Overall I think it's well worth the cash and my wife is even impressed and agrees that it's worth the money. That's a big win for a gadget junky like myself. I got mine at CompUSA since the price is pretty much the same anywhere you go but I also got a full protection plan for 2 years for $.... This way I don't mine my 2 year old playing with it and if her breaks it in the next 2 years, guess what I get the newest version on this unit at no cost. What a deal...........
I use my AirPanel frequently around the house - for instance, when I need to look up something quickly while reading in bed, it is nice to have the AirPanel right there.  Not having to manage yet another set of software, Favorites list, etc. is a huge plus.  The handwriting recognition works much better than I thought it would - it understands cursive handwriting quite well, and there is an on screen keyboard to enter in the more difficult words (like web addresses).  The touchscreen is flawless.The only major knock is it's poor wireless ethernet (802.11) radio.  Compared to my laptop, the AirPanel has significantly worse signal sensitivity, requiring that your 802.11 network have strong signals wherever you want to go.  I'm in the process of upgrading my house 802.11 network so that I can use the AirPanel in more places.I agree with another reviewer here - this set of reviews should be purged of people who don't own the product and are espousing an opinion on the merits of a product they see no use for.  If you can't see how this product is useful, then don't buy it, and please spare us your opinions.  The rest of use are very happy with the product concept and do use the product frequently.
No complaints here...Seller was very forth coming and ready to assist if asked.  Computer was more than listed.  Bigger hard drive and more ram. Rest assure that your hard earn money is being spent wisely..buy here..thk
I like this notebook computer! It works really good. I had it for 3 months now. I only had 1 minor problem with it freezing.The cd player/cd burner/dvd player works good. If you are looking for a good laptop, get this!
Have had it for 3.5 years now, and only have replaced the battery. It is a great computer for a person at college, or for a personal user. It is a good buy! Great price I paid 500 for it new! I recomend this product.
Well the system is a good as other HP models.  The system has enough power and memory to complete any task a mobile user can through at it.  The bigest problem is Firmware, it has been updated twice since my purchase in early january.  So much for right the first time.
I have owned 4 laptops till now and I find this to be one of my favorites. My work laptop is a Dell Inspiron 8200 (P4 2 GHz, 640MB RAM, 15&quot; SXGA+ screen, 30GB HDD etc) and is awesome. But its a bit thicker than I like and it doesnt have a DVD. The Satellite Pro 6100 is aesthetically very pleasing with a jet black shiny exterior and the clever placement of speakers near the screen hinge, aiming them right at your ears. The screen is super with a max res of 1400 x 1050 (SXGA+). Even with all this and a combo drive, it is still lighter than my previous Satellite 2405 S201 which had a 14&quot; screen and with a much more pleasing design. I will soon upgrade to a new 512 MB RAM module + the 256 existing. It did not get very hot even when I leave it on all day.Some of the issues I have with this laptop are the lack of a Touchpad (I hate the stick mouse, but am getting used to it). The mouse buttons are ridiculously thin. My Dell has two sets of these, 1 for the touchpad and 1 for the stick (its got both) and the smaller set has more surface area than the bigger one on the Pro 6100. Also, I have had the problem with my earlier satellite models - the cursor sometimes comes to life and starts moving left on the screen. Guess its a Toshiba-special bug. 16 MB Video could have been improved to 32. Also, the screen is not as bright as my Dell. But, no complaints! The Dell cost several hundreds more, so .. I own a digital camera that uses SD cards and the laptop has a SD card slot and I like that!All in all, I love this laptop and when I get used to the stick mouse, I will love it even more. It does not compare well with my Dell because its priced much lower, but for the price, I believe its an awesome machine with awesome specs and a SXGA+ screen and I would definitely recommend it.
Nice machine.  A few minor nits:  USB 1.0 (not 2.0), headphone jack in front (why there??) and Battery life about 1 hour, pretty short!  Cannot enjoy the DVD player unless plugged in, because playing a movie kills a fully charged battery is less than 40 minutes.  A second battery is available, but it replaces the DVD drive.
I used this drive in Windows 98, 98SE, ME, and XP operating systems without any issues. Easily recognized and theninstalled by any Windows operating system in my opinion, no special drivers needed. Quite reliable never gave me aproblem using this drive.Read speed was very good, testing using EasyCD Creator v4.02d_D5 using Windows 98SE on a Pentium I Gateway computerwith 256Mb RAM. Yes I know ancient by today's standards, but quite useable as a print server, among other things. Itested both data and audio read rates. Did not have the opportunity to test burn speeds using this drive.This is a good drive for repairing or even upgrading older computers from CD-ROM to a CD-R/W to write with and alsocopy software and documents for backups to another drive, or write them to CD-R with the LiteOn LTR 52246S drive.
In buying a new notebook computer, I had three criteria: I wanted a 15 inch monitor, a processor speed of at least 2 GHz, and a price under [$]. Only a handful of computers satisfy all three of these criteria, and ultimately it came down to a choice between the Vaio and the Toshiba Satellite (2410/2415), which cost virtually the same but have slightly different features. I have used many laptops over the years, and the Vaio has significant plusses and minuses in comparison with other notebooks I've used.The Vaio has a slim, compact design, a very bright and clear display, and a very nice full-sized keyboard. It has 32 MB of video memory (compared with 16 for the Satellite), and it handles graphics-intensive tasks with ease (I'm not a high-end gamer, though, and I doubt that this computer would be sufficient for that purpose). It is pleasant to use and it has some decent built-in tutorials to help you navigate the many multimedia applications. The Satellite is a little more "chunky" looking and the display did not look as sharp or as bright when I saw the two computers side by side.The Vaio does have some limitations. Whereas the Toshiba Satellite has a "mobility" processor (designed for a laptop, it runs at a lower temperature and requires less cooling), the Vaio has a standard Pentium 4 processor. As a consequence, the fan operates continuosly with the Vaio, and if you are doing anything processor-intensive, the fan becomes quite loud. In a quiet room, such a library or office, it would be clearly audible for 30 or 40 feet at top speed. It is much louder than the fan on any notebook computer I've ever used. When operating normally (for example, doing low-demand tasks such as word processing) it is not unusually loud. The fan can be switched to a "quiet" mode although I believe that this also slows the processor speed. Surprisingly, there are no external controls for playing CDs. On the Toshiba (and most notebooks I've used), you can play CDs and adjust the volume using controls on the exterior of the case, without turning on the computer. With the Vaio, you can't. Also, the Vaio does not come standard with a 3.5 inch floppy drive. I almost never use floppies, but sometimes they are just the only convenient way to get a file onto your computer. Both the Toshiba and the Vaio come with three USB ports; in the case of the Toshiba they are USB 1.1. I believe that they are USB 2.0 on the Vaio, although I am not certain of that.A limitation of both computers is that they use the "touch pad" pointing device. I had one of these on my last computer and I hated it from day one. They are just not accurate enough for long-term use and clicking the right mouse button is very cumbersome. The IBM-style "pencil eraser" pointing device is a much better mouse substitute for a notebook computer and I wish that more computers would adopt something similar. I usually use a plug-in external mouse so it's not a huge problem for me, but if you frequently need to operate the computer in cramped conditions or where you do not have a desk or hard surface on which to use an external mouse, consider buying an IBM for the pointing device. Also, the battery life on both of these computers is relatively short.The Vaio packs a lot of power and features into a relatively low price. It is a good computer for people who need to be able to take their work with them but who are usually able to sit down at a desk and plug in the AC power and an external mouse. Because of the touch pad, the short battery life, the lack of a mobility processor, and the lack of a floppy drive, it is probably not the best for someone who needs maximum mobility and flexibility.
With all due respect... lap tops do run hot. Though, often the problem with over heating is due to poor maitenance or atempts to use software at the far reach of capacity for the system.I had many of the same problems most of the reviews speak of. Then, I learned to clean my computer. Free of dust and programs not really intended for its capacity. Since, I havent found another lap top that comes even close to the Vaio GRZ630! Its over 6 years old and I use it for all my media!I used to agree... then I realized I was the problem!
i use powerful alienware workstation for CGI on a regular basis, so i was expecting to be disappointed with the performance of a laptop-- i was pleasantly surprised! the PCG-GRZ630 packs some serious power.  The RADEON graphics processor with 32M handily slings even my more giant radiosity models.at $500 more, it would still be a good buy.  drawbacks: fan noise, single battery only good for an hour.
This is a great laptop.  I have had it for a month now without any problems at at all.  It replaced a Fujitsu laptop bought three years ago that was a nightmare from day one.  This one is fast, beautiful, and reliable right out of the box.  It comes with tons of software.  There are many thoughtful touches that other companies need to emulate. Some of those touches are puting most of the ports in the back so when its on your desk you dont see any wires, the overall feel of quality, the awesome screen, memory stick port (if you have Sony Digital Camera, you'll LOVE it!) feet on the bottom to prop up the computer to keep it cool and tilted towards you, etc.  There are a couple of things that made me give it four instead of five stars, yes it does seem noisy at times as others have said, and no USB 2.0 ports, come on! What is the reason there?  Needs more documentation, yes it is a sign of the times not to give people paperwork, but when you spend{money}00 on something a little paper work is nice.  I got more paperwork on my ... toaster than this.  The only other thing I would have liked is integrated wireless.  But you start adding things and the price of course goes up. Overall a tremendous computer that makes me want to buy Sony again.  Buy this computer, you'll love it!  Way to go Sony.
Relative to March 2003 standards, this laptop has good performance, and reliability.  The only issue I've had with it is - like everyone else, apparently - after I'd had it for about a year, it started overheating and shutting down in the middle of graphics-intensive applications.  It was difficult to troubleshoot, and Sony's tech support consisted of useless canned &quot;help&quot; messages.Once I realized the nature of the problem, I went to a local superstore and purchased an inexpensive Bytecc laptop cooler. (I also purchased a mac daddy 200W speaker system for it, but that's another story.) That solved the problem, and I recommend everyone get one.  They're cheap, and they'll save you a lot of time, trouble, and potentially, $$.  You can probably even find them on Amazon.Other than that, I've been banging away at it for about 16 hrs/day for a year now, and it's been a joy to use.  I'd get one again.
just bought this sony product and fast alot of memory expanable to 1000mb need broadband to download dvd screen looks great better than others i have seen great price new product excellent customer service by amazon.com better than others... On the down side heavy large ac adapter but overall great buy.
Get a mouse and this laptop easily compares to a desktop.  It handles medical voice-type dictation and billing - no problem.  Video editing is fun, too.  Get the case if you haul lots of files and accessories.
Great features and performance for the price.  Can't find cheaper laptop with DVD-R capabilities anywhere.  Screen is OK for general use, but gamers and graphic designers may want to opt for the 16&quot; screen with 1600x1200 resolution offered by SONY.  So far I have enjoyed this laptop, however there is an annoying hum from the harddrive when the laptop is on.  Don't know if it is just mine or common to all PCG-GRZ660?  Overall, I recommend this laptop without reservation.
My V505AX is from the first batch released from Sony that had a defective touchpad. After some lengthy investigation, I finally called Sony. They verified my warranty, and arranged for a local tech to perform an on-site repair. The tech person told me that some of the first V505AX's had been built with touchpad parts sourced from India. He showed me that the back of the touchpad membrane had been made with a metalized foil. This foil was grounding itself to the metal shielding that surrounds the parts beneath.After a 10 minute replacement, I was back in action!I applaud Sony for owning up to its mistake and fixing the problem on-site.
...The computer is fast enough for most things, but I added 256K more RAM and the performance has improved tremendously, so much so that I am planning to add another 512K for a total of 1G.I do not like the fact that the second drive is only a CD-ROM.  I am thinking of taking it out and putting in a 40X CD-R drive, since the write speeds on the DVD-R/CD-R r hopelessly slow, being, 1X and 8X respectively.  This is most inexcusable !!But aside from these issues, the model is very well built and designed with quality written all over it.  And the price is very hard to beat.
I bought this pc yesterday from Circuit City and am not disapointed.  I was a little disapointed with Circuit City's customer service, I had to go to three stores to get all the items I purchased, but the pc is awesome. It was pretty much plug-n-play right out of the box. The click to DVD software is mostly automatic with very little effort to hook up my video camera to the PC (the cables do not come with the PC).  You won't be let down by its performance.
Well, this was my first laptop purchase...it was definately a hard decision, but the Sony VAIO has impressed me in every area so far.  For a laptop bought at a nationwide electronics store for under a thousand dollars, I don't think I could be more pleased. :)This laptop beat the competition due to it's wealth of features.  The USB 2.0 ports, the Firewire ports, and Word Perfect Office (399 value!) really sold me on this laptop.  With the other laptops in the sub-1000 range, I was looking at USB 1.1, no firewire, and no productivity apps.Also included are the roomy 40 GB HD as well as the 24x CD-RW.  An adequate video card (I don't game) and a great sounding sound card (just put it through some headphones!) round out the machine.I know that this review isn't very helpful...but I can run Photoshop, Office, browse the web, and be burning a CD all at once.  The power is adequate for my needs...and I'd say for the needs of any student.  I hook up a 10 dollar USB optical mouse and I'm good to go.  Yes, it runs a little hot on the lap...but what laptop doesn't?  If you want a cool-running laptop, be prepared to shell out an extra grand for Centrino.Why does it not get 5 stars?Once you load a non-Windows operating system, you void the warranty.  Once you take it out of the country, you void the warranty (Go figure...it's a laptop!)... The last is more annoying than the first because I am going to school in the UK.It also gets dinged for not having more RAM.Other than that, it's a great little machine.
This system is a good choice for most people looking for a reliable, low cost computer.  HP does a good job of covering the needs of most users, but this system has a week spot: 3D gaming.A quick review of the components:CPU: 2.2 GHZ Celeron - all the Celerons sold in new systems today are based on the same `core' as the P4.  The only difference is that the Celeron has about half the on-die cache as the P4.  This is one of the things that will impact 3D gaming, however it won't have a major affect most other applications used by normal users.Video: Built "Intel Extreme" graphics (can not be upgraded) - This is fine for most users, and will play all the games out today.  However you will not be able to play newer 3D games at there highest settings, and this will only get worse as the years go by.  On the other hand 2-D games will run fine on this system for many years to come.  So I would not buy this system if you want to play the latest 3D games.  If you want to play 2D games (such as card games or strategy games), or pre-rendered 3D games (such as Myst style games), you will find that this system won't even blink.The other components (hard disk, ram, CD-RW drive, DVD drive) are all perfect for the typical user.  They should be more than enough for the life of the system.  It has built in networking for those building a home network, or who want to connect to a high-speed Internet provider via Cable or DSL.  It also has USB 2.0, which is great for MP3 players, scanners, and other external add-ons.  With USB 2.0 you can also add high-speed upgrades such as extra hard drives or a DVD burner without opening up the computer.  A nice feature for those not technically inclined.The speakers are small and the sound won't be great.  Try them out, and if they don't work for you replace them.The software bundle is good: DVD player, MP3 software, Photo editing software and the Word Perfect productivity suite cover 90% of your software needs.HP reliability is very high, so for most, but not all users (those 3D gamers I mentioned), this is a good low cost computer system you can expect to last for a long time.If you are looking for a good low cost monitor to go with it, look at the Samsung monitors.
As of Sept 2003 the PC would not power up.  So I have to ship it to HP in CA to see what's the matter.  Thank God it's still in warranty! The tech support was good and I hope the repair will be the same.The reason I gave 4 stars is because the shared graphic card can't be upgraded.UPDATE: You can upgrade the graphics by adding a PCI card.  I added an ATI Radeon 9250 Diamond Stealth with 256MB of memory. Now I can play those games wich gave me an error saying my video memory wasn't enough to play the game although Doom 3 still gives me fits with choppy frame rate now and then.Next upgrade will be a bigger hard drive around 400-500GB. You'd be surprised how fast you can eat up a 60GB hard drive with only a handfull of games loaded!
This is a fantastic monitor, but the advertised resolution is not accurate. It supports 1280 x 768. I'm having problems getting it to work with my video card at that unusual resolution. I may have to get a new card, but I am waiting for responses from ATI and Samsung.
My cube farm has a cap rail on all partitions. This makes it too wide for the hook. My apartment has narrow internal doors, so I used it at home.It is fine, but as always, I looked for another use due to the high shipping/return costs.
This was purchased to replace a friend's Power Mac that died on her.  It was an exact duplicate so we simply moved the memory, the hard drive, and any other extra components.  It functions just like it's supposed to.  Very powerful, very dependable.  The purpose of buying the same one rather than to upgrade was to ensure that her software would still function as an upgrade to a G5 introduced new functionality that posed questions if her software would still function.  The G4 was very powerful and dependable in its day and presents plenty of power and dependability still today.
If you buy this laptop, it would be very wise of you to buy one of those cooling pads with the fans in them.  The laptop itself is friggin awesome, wireless everything!  Nice size screen, and very clear.  I have never had a single problem, other than the heat it generates.  I would recommend it only with the cooling pad.  Oh and also, I could not find a suitable case either (below) and had to settle with a piece of carry-on luggage myself... Case Logic :)
I have had this laptop for 3 months and could not be happier.  Like the other reviewer, the cursor does bounce when you are typing, that is because it is easy to tap the mouse pad with your Right Thumb.  The solution is easy- don't touch the pad.  I would also suggest upgrading to XP pro- It's just better.
I bought this machine from a computer store that no longer exists. It was my sole source of computer support during my years as a consultant. It served me well through my MBA classes, and through two and a half books that I have written. Perhaps if I had needed to use Toshiba support, my opinion would be different but this has been a very reliable machine. Besides, the warranty expired long ago.That being said, it's time to retire my companion and look for a replacement. I have had bad experiences with technical support from ACER, Dell and HP, so I will most likely go with another Toshiba on the chance that I won't need technical support since the problem with Techs seems to be universal.
I replaced my desktop with this and have been very happy.  I love the large screen -  I did put XP pro on it fresh, as it comes with a lot of software I don't use.  Plus a lot of the Toshiba software phones home - so be safe I did a clean install.  No problems, I have another Toshiba for work the Tecra M1 - But always find myself using this one.  Yes it's a few bucks more - but you will get more life out of it - and if it saves you from replacing it for 1 extra year your ahead of the game, I took away 1 star for the heat this generates.  I think I could cook a hotdog while using it. :>Another issue is I've had to have the CD replaced twice, I also have to time to time blow out the vent for cooling as dust get in there and it tends to overheat.  Make that three times now for the CD going bad, get the extended warrenty or you'll be paying for CD drive replacements all the time.
I really had just snatched this up as  a cheap monitor when my 21" viewsonic failed, I have never replaced it. The color is crisp and very clear. I currently have 8624 hours on this thing and have no dead pixels or any noticable change in clarity. The only real thing I have noticed is that if you don't mute the speaker in the monitor you always have a slight buzz going on unless you disconnect the computer speakers and just use the ones on the monitor. Otherwise it has been wonderful.
I just bought this PC. On comparison shopping, it came out cheaper than an equivalent (almost) Dell system, and much cheaper than all others. No bundle, just the PC and tiny speakers. Packs a lot of computing power, memory etc for the money.Nice Soft keyboard & a sensitive optical mouse (cool). XP Home boots up really quick (~ 1 min), but the interface would take some getting used to, for windows veterans. Things have been moved around and hidden from plain sight.Jukebox(preinstalled) is a pain in the you-know-where, and does not run without registering, but is setup as the default player of all music files.More, as I discover...
I bought my HP in 2002 and I'm on it now.Someone said that they had multiple problems and with the HPs they purchased breaking down every couple of months or so and to that I say, you should find another dealer.This pc has really hung in there and is still going strong.The only crashes I have had were due to viruses when I did not have proper protection but I still have all my files (thanks also to my great pc doctor) and I had to upgrade the video card.My 14 year old daughter wants a laptop and wants only an HP because she's seen this one working from the time she was in 1st grade!
It is very stable, quiet,and efficient!!It is strongly recommended!!
Only thing maybe a selling point is lack of AGP port (though 64M V ram should be enough for most). Mine came partitioned, first PC I ever received like that. I usually had to do it myself which of course involves reinstalling software if you have no backup. This system comes with software installed but little in the way of the original CD's which is kinda a bummer (make copies with the burner ASAP). Great, if overly simple,feature that partition though, 20M/100M... Love the DVD burner too. Best value I found with this. Plenty of good 19" monitors (CRT) out ther for less than or right at [$]. All the other systems with similar setup and "included" Monitor were [$] and up (only 17" or 15" too) so this is very worth it even wothout monitor. I like this since I can pick and choose my own monitor actually. I got the 19" Samsung955f and it works great. I haven't installed VisualStudio.NET yet !?? I hope the other reviewer problem is isolated or not related to the VAIO system for VS.NET!!?? That ordeal may drop my rating a star......
This is my second Sony Computer. I bought another Sony as the first was reliable and had awesome sounding speakers. This Sony has a quality keyboard and mouse, and has performed well since purchase. Unfortunately it has one significant flaw, ...poor sounding speakers. How cheap, I saw the same "Made in China" speakers selling for six dollars a pair at a discount store. Shame on you Sony, not what I've come to expect from Sony products.
I got this computer and about a month later I thought I payed to much.  You can build the computer yourself for at least 100 bucks less.  But other then that it is a high end computer.Software on it was fine, no glitches, no faults it ran smooth and simple!4 Stars
This router is good for added security to your non-wireless computer network. You can network four PCs , add Internet, and can also use it as a print server using the 25-pin printer port located on the back of the unit. It comes with an interactive CD and a paperback instruction booklet.
The product arrived in good time. When I tried to install it, I found that my computer wouldn't recognize it...after lots of testing, I found that the problem was with the port in my computer, not the belkin. Customer service was very fast with e-mail replies about my problem and was very cooperative with the refund and return.
The product is a good value for the money, that being said, Belkins customer service is by far the worst I have ever encountered in my life.They should be ashamed to even call it customer service.
As an "open box" it was a working product in very good condition.  Also good seller, fast shipment.
When I read product reviews, I am amazed at the variety in human experience.  Unlike some reviewers, my experience with this router is that it was easy to set up and has performed quite well. I have used other major brand routers and none of them has performed as well. One explanation might be that I use a Mac desktop and laptop mostly, but this router has consistently worked well with my Gateway tablet laptop, too.So why not five stars? The truth is my rating would be 4.8, but I remain deeply superstitious about electronic equipment. A five star rating might jinx the critter and I expect Murphy's Law to kick in at any moment.
I'm not sure what's prompting all the complaints about this product.  I have been running it about 2 years now.  It works great!  The set up was easy, even utilizing security.I have two laptops set up using wired ports.  There are two more laptops "roaming" the house using the wireless connection.  My son frequently uses one of those connections to hook to his XBox to play Halo2.  It all works fine, even when he plays two controllers through his connection.I may get another one of these for my Dad.  By the way, previously I had a series of linksys and d-link routers.  They all seemed to need a lot of resetting and all failed totally within 6 - 12 months of purchase.  Two years later, this unit is still rockin'.I'd probably give this unit 5 stars, but it isn't the latest and greatest technology.
My Sony VAIO RZ36G served me well for one month short of ten years. She capably powered 41 SD quality full-length documentaries and a dozen annual family videos. Sure, she visited the surgeon a few times, but always came back for more. Her eighth life just ended with insurmountable video capture problems. Her heart will continue to beat as an XP word processor and internet access for... maybe another ten years? Her video days are over, but what a machine she was when she rolled home in July 2003. Her 64 bit video replacement has big shoes to fill.
A number of folks posted reviews saying one side of this didn't work. The obvious answer is that you need two splitters -- one at the feed end and one at the destination. Although I knew this when I purchased these, I was puzzled when I experienced this same issue. I am not a network engineer, but after reading so much I hurt my brain (and a little reverse-engineering) I think the problem is that these are intended for 568B wiring, which is typically found in commercial networks, vs. 568A, which is the residential flavor. You can usually interchange 568A and 568B cables, but with these splitters I don't think you can. Long story short, I used a &#34;crossover&#34; cable (568A on one end and 568B on the other) on the destination end of the side that didn't work and voila, it works perfectly now. Much happiness ensued.Hope this helps somebody.
This adapter is designed for office network patch cabling applications.  It simply splits the eight pins in standard Cat5 cabling into two RJ45 ports.  Since ethernet networking only uses four pins of the available eight in Cat5, this adapter will use the extra four pins for a second network connection.  This means you must have TWO of these adapters, one connected at each end of a CAT5 patch, in order to use them correctly.The previous reviewers were obviously victims of the poor and incomplete description given here.  The manufacturer's web page ([...]) gives a more complete description, but some networking knowledge is recommended to properly utilize this.
I purchased this to use in my office in conjunction with another usb port to wall connection.  Unfortunately this did not work it is still  a great buy but just have to be 100% sure it will work with additional usb to direct wall connection
The product is in good quality but I did not use it, and I am not sure I'll recommend it to a friend. The Amazon service is also very good to my satisfaction.
I got this splitter so I would not have to constantly run to the box to plug and unplug whichever computer I wanted to use. At first I though it wasn't working right, because my second computer would not connect to the Internet even though the other one was turned off. In desperation, I tried unplugging the computer I wasn't using from the Internet cable AT THE COMPUTER END. Then, to my delight, my other computer would work. So, this splitter will let you have two Internet lines going to one cable box or modem, but you still have to unplug the computer at the computer you're not using, even if only one computer is turned on. I don't see how the system knows a turned-off computer has the Internet line plugged in, but it does. Anyway, this splitter does save a trip to the modem/cable box, but you still have to have the other computer unplugged on the computer end of the line, which is an increase in convenience if you remember to unplug when you turn off. I give four out of five stars instead of five simply because the product did not include these simple instructions. I had to figur it out on my own.
This product is designed to give two remote computers access to a network.  A better description is splitter/combiner. One splitter at one end to combine two outputs of a router into one ethernet cable and then another at the other end to split them back into two.  Networks are not like telephone wires; you can't just split the wire to hook up more devices.THIS IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR A ROUTER/SWITCH!!!
Spending over $120CAN for this item to mount on my Canon EF 70-200mm f/4L IS USM lens was a painful purchase.  Personally, it's a money grabbing monopolistic venture by Canon.  But, it's the only mount I can find to fit this lens to remove the stress at the lens mount and camera base.This accessory works well and doesn't transfer vibration to the lens like some of the 'higher-end' Nikkor zoom lens mounts (i.e. AF VR Zoom-Nikkor 80-400mm f/4.5-5.6D ED and AF-S Nikkor 300mm f/4D IF-ED).
This is a great laptop, with a very wide screen. I was a little shocked at the size of the screen when it first arrived, but now I am use to it. Very fast and lightweight, this system will serve my purposes well.
My dad bought me this system for school work and for surfing the web.  Works great for that.  Of course I like to game, and it was okay but not great at that.  So I ended up buying my own video card and a 2nd hard drive.By the way the other reviewer is nuts, because I upgraded mine with the stuff he says you can use in about 30 minutes.  Everything worked fine and it was all just the cheapest thing they had in the store.  And while I didn't upgrade the ram I looked and there is a free slot, standard size for DDR-Ram.
I got my computer over a year ago and have had no problems with it.  The HP handles anything I ask it to do.  In 2003, like tons of other computer users, I had difficulties with viruses and trojan horses, but, after switching to Mozilla, this problem became a thing of the past and has nothing to do with the PC I now use.  I've found that for photography and word files this model is ideal and offers a high rate of speed.  I usually have about 10 windows open, 2 Word files, and MSN messenger and yet I never have any difficulties with crashes.  Overall, I can't say anything bad about this model and don't plan on getting a new PC for another few years.  I don't care what the new ones look like, this one is functional and saved me some cash (and continues to).
Bought thisHP Pavilion a210n Desktop PC)brand new in the summer of 2003 soon after it had come out, and it's still going strong to this day. It was purchased to be a workhorse utility computer, mostly for Internet access, document editing, Website creation and administration, along with storage of documents and photos. It wasn't bought for gaming, so having the latest and greatest video and audio hardware wasn't a factor. It came with an Intel Celeron 2.5 GHz processor, and I almost passed on it for that reason, but a friend who worked for HP in their mid-range computing section had recommended it most highly, so I followed that advice and have yet to regret it.This PC came with an ASUS P4G533 motherboard (HP name 'Echo'), and had a mPGA478 processor socket, so I knew that it could be upgraded to an Intel P4 Pentium processor at any time. I never bothered, but still consider it from time to time. It had all of the standard serial, parallel, PS2 keyboard and mouse sockets, along with 6 USB ports (2 front & 4 rear), all of which have proven to be quite sufficient. The onboard audio (Realtek ALC202A) is sufficient, though not spectacular.Memory: it came equipped with 256 MB RAM installed (184-pin, DDR SDRAM) but this was quickly upgraded to 512 MB, then later to 1024 MB (2 x 512), filling the two sockets. The memory is not proprietary (unlike some other systems), allowing for reasonably priced upgrading.Hard drive: the original HDD was a Seagate 80 GB (Ultra DMA 5400 rpm) unit, which had problems within the first 60 days. Contacted HP support and they immediately sent a new Seagate Barracuda 80 GB HDD (7200 rpm) as a replacement. Have since added another Seagate Barracuda 80 GB HDD, and both have performed quite well. These are backed up daily with aSeagate FreeAgent Desktop 250 GB USB 2.0 External Hard Drivean excellent device that works boringly well, as any backup device should.Additional drives: it has a 1.44 MB (3.5-inch) diskette drive, which is rarely used these days. The CD-RW drive (48x/12x/48x max speed) and DVD drive (16X max) perform well, but I need to keep a paperclip handy to eject discs about half of the time, a common CD & DVD drive problem.Software: Microsoft Windows XP was factory installed, and there was a backup partition from which restore CDs could be created, which I did. As far as the rest of the 'free' installed software goes (WordPerfect 10, Quattro Pro 10, Arcsoft FunHouse, Greeting Card Creator, MusicMatch Jukebox, Quicken 2003, etc), most of it was removed within the first 90 days. As others have found out, these 'freebie' applications can be resource hogs, and often are quite buggy. Installed a licensed copy of Microsoft Office 97 Professional as the 'mainstay' application, and only recently 'upgraded' toMicrosoft Office Home and Student 2007. Still learning the new interface, but it's amazingly solid.Security: immediately upgraded the 'trial-ware' Norton Antivirus to a regular version for multiple computers, and then 'resource hogging' problems began to start. Switched to AVG Anti-Virus and used it for years. A few months ago, switched toWindows Live OneCare 2.0and this has proven to be very effective and gentle on the system resources. It works well in the background and has automated the backup tasks on this and my notebook computer since it works with up to 3 users.Keyboard & mouse: the original corded units were OK, but replaced them after the first year. Like the Microsoft Optical mouse units, but am seriously considering changing the present Microsoft keyboard to theIBM Enhanced USB Keyboard, mostly because of its ruggedness and classic IBM keyboard feel.Support: this has been very good, as noted above with my hard drive problems. It should be noted that the online support resources are excellent, as is driver upgrade availability.Pros:- Very quiet operation- First-rate HP online support resources- Excellent integrated 10/100Base-T networking interface- Easy access to internal components via removable side panel- Dark grey solid steel case; plastic trim hasn't shown any wear- Standard Microsoft Windows XP, now at SP3 level- Multimedia performance better than originally expectedCons:- Maximum 1 GB RAM, wish it could go to 2 GB- Celeron processor OK, but a Pentium 4 would be better- Onboard Realtek ALC202A audio could be better- Original keyboard & mouse are nothing to rave aboutThe HP release date for these was 27 May 2003. I expected to get about 4 to 5 years out of this computer, but since it has performed so well, would really like to get about ten years out of this one. Had I reviewed this years ago, would have given it a 5-star ranking, but by today's standards really can only give it a 4-star rating, and that because it's been so reliable.It's a workhorse that has exceeded my expectations, a bit long in the tooth now, but still doing what it should.10/26/2008
This computer is not bad at all. Yes, there is no recovery disks included and there is no firewire port, but where are you going to get the 48x cd burner and the dvd player for this price? Hp did do a mistake when they sold these computers without recovery disks, but its not just this model, its ALL the models they are selling. In this computer, there is part of the hard drive that is for recovery so the only thing ou have to do if u want to make a backup, just click and drag. Another thing, many reviewers said they had a problem connecting to the internet....?? What is that about? I bought this computer FLOOR MODEL and a bought a Nec Multysync1555v al for about 800. Never looked back. Never regretted it. Even though it was 1 month being floor model, it ran fine. To be exact, it was floor model at circuit city. The computer is not bad at all. What did disapoint me was the lack of a video card. Don't get me wrong. it &quot;has&quot; a video card (how would it not have a video card!) but the video card is intergraded., meaning its basically built on to the mother board. First thing I did when I bought this was  buy a 128 mb video graphic card. Improved graphics, but if you dont run programs like macromedia flash, adobe photoshop, and such that I use, you will not notice the difference.Overall this is not a bad computer. If you are shopping, copy the price...the specs...look around... and you know you will come back to order it. A computer this good, at a price this good. It's Grrrrrrrrrreeaaaat
I purchased this computer in late July.  So far - we have had no problems at all, and with a family of five it gets a lot of daily use.  I particularly like the multi-format card reader - its a really handy way to download digital camera photos, and the fact that it is very quiet.  The CPU cooling fan appears to be thermostatically controlled and only runs occasionally.  But, there are a few downsides.  First, HP has chosen to include dozens of add-on applications and free offers which no one in my family uses.  Yeah, I know, you can remove them - but why should I have to remove junk in order to speed up my computer?  Secondly, the HDD is really large (120 Gb) but its an old technology 5400-rpm drive.  Between all of the start-up junk included by HP, and the speed of this drive, this computer takes nearly two minutes to boot to a log-in prompt, and switching between programs is relatively slow.  Third, it comes with on-board graphics which are only so-so with newer games.  Both IL2  Forgotten Battles and Raven Shield ran poorly on it.  Good news is that it does have an AGP slot and the upgrade to a 128mb DDR nVidia card was cheap and easy (kudos to HP for easy access to the interior).  Last but not least, it does not include a set of restore CD's (although it does have a separate restore partition on the HDD).  You have the option, on a one-time basis, to burn a set of recovery CD's but that seems kinda chintzy on a nearly-$700 computer.  Overall, I am satisfied with the a220N and we all like how quiet it is - but it could've been a lot better.
I bought this as a Refurb and it has worked great for over a year.  I have had no problems at all.
It's a shame that Amazon no longer stocks this monitor.  I purchased one three months ago and have been very impressed with its performance.  It is extremely bright and the screen looks flawless in a desktop environment, and its color reproduction in sRGB mode is excellent.  But where I have been truly surprised is in its ability to display video and games.  DVD video looks very good and benefits greatly from the high contrast ratio.  There are few ghosting artifacts with fast-moving images, particularly as compared with the popular Samsung 19-inch displays.  I have also found that I can play Quake III at very high frame rates (&#62;60 fps) with good response and minimal ghosting, and at the monitor's native 1280x1024 resolution, it looks superb.  The basic, austere design has been knocked but is not a concern for me; the performance trumps any style issues.  My only gripe was that the monitor was just slightly canted to one side on its stand when it arrived and I had to remove the stand and correct this; hence the 4-star review.  But the screen performance itself gets a solid 5/5.
While I'm currently researching why I can't get the card to see my new D-Link DIR-655 router (I'm currently connected to an open wifi-router somewhere in my neighborhood...yay, go OpenAccess go!), I thought I'd chime in here and mention that this card has workedflawlessly for me for the past 3 years in a Mac Powerbook 1400cs that was *never designed for wifi* connectivity.  Its basically one of the only wifi cards that will work not only with this hardware config, but also under OS9 (a pre-OSX Apple OS).  So, if you've got an old Mac notebook, running OS9, and you're looking for wifi, this card truly is 'Gold'...now if I can just figger out why it can't see my new 802.11b/g/n router, I'll be in heaven again.  Cheers, and get this card while you still can!
Very good price for the features. Corners were cut on the construction. After over a year, the pieces of plastic covering the display hinge fell off. The switch that turns the display off when the laptop is closed sunk in and doesnt get triggered anymore. The modem died. The hard disk sounds like a lawnmower sometimes. The casing is generally flimsy given the weight of the laptop relative to other more expensive laptops.The actual funtionality of the laptop is great and its an amazing deal to anyone who will be gentle to their computer.
I got this Sound Blaster Audigy 2 NX for my birthdayand it has pretty much been a blast.  I say pretty muchbecause there were a few hiccups along the way.  First,my computer, a Dell Latitude D610, had problems recognizing the device even after I followed the directions to the letter.Turns out I needed to install the newest Intel chipset drivers.With that being fixed, I got a blue screen saying a driverhad crashed the system.  Rebooted and never got it again.My laptop still refuses to recognize the device after comingout of hibernation.  Rebooting the machine fixes that.That's why I gave the device only 4 stars.Now, on to the good stuff: sound quality.  This thing rocks!I'm currently listening to the DVD-Audio sample disk througha long RCA cable to my NAD 2200 amplifier and hooked up toa pair of JBL LX500 speakers.  The quiet moments are really quietand the loud moments are very good.  The NAD amplifier with itslarge dynamic range is perfect for hooking up to this device.There's one song on the sample disk, "Superqueen" by Jet 68, thatconfirms the JBL's status as rock speakers.  That's what the Audigy 2 NX does--it makes sure the source is pure as can beso that the rest of the chain can work as they were designed to.  It's 10x better than the onboard sound in my laptop and noticeably better than the Audigy card in my desktop machine.5 stars for the sound quality minus 1 for the installation troubles.  There's also the issue of finding the songs that Creative put on the demo CD.They must've scoured the far corners of the Earth because I can'tseem to find them at all.  If anyone has a clue, let me know.
I have bought this product on eBay refurbished and it is a great value for the money. You cannot find a digital decoder for under $125 on the internet right now. I wish it would work as standalone without the conection to computer, connecting the input and outputs directly, but it does not. It does the conversions in software.This product is missing drivers for Mac OS X and Creative does not plan to provide them. The usb-audio site does not support it either. So it is usable only with Windows. It does start play music in initialization phase for Mac, but then it finds out it is Mac it is talking to and stops. Strange.I gave it 4 stars because it does not advertise working with Mac, but I didn't give it 5, because it just should not actively try not to work with it. Just complying with USB audio standards would be enough to do so.
Got it about 3 years ago. Works great and has lots of features. Used it for my laptop then I transferred over to a new desktop with ease and get better sound than with the built-in audio card.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because recently it started having power issues and now no longer works. Although the lifetime of it may be lacking, it is relatively cheap and has great quality.
I bought this computer in early 2004, I needed something that I could adequately edit and create images with. I have used it every day for atleast 2 hours for the past 3 years, and it has been very reliable til this week. I run graphic intensive programs such as Photoshop and Studio 8 and play graphic intensive games, and the video card finally gave out. T2865 has an onboard video card, which would mean a new motherboard in some cases, but T2865 has an AGP slot for an upgraded video card, which saved the day.Other than that, I have no complaints. The 160gb hard drive is more than really is needed by the average home PC user. I loaded appx. 50 CDs and had appx. 500 photos, as well as several large programs, and still had very ample disk space left. 512mb RAM has been good for running more than one graphics program at a time. You can easily pop in a larger memory card if needed. It has a total of 5 USB ports for game controllers and other peripherals, as well as SD card slots in the front, for quick photo uploading.Overall, I have been very pleased with it's performance. I've gotten my money's worth out of it!
I recently bought a T2865 PC and was amazed what components came with it for the price. Most components inside are A+ brands! Harddisk is western digital, DVD rewriter is NEC, Memory is Samsung and the CPU is of course AMD. The motherboard is FIC which is not so wellknown but it does the job just fine, outperforming some big brand Nforce2 chipset motherboards in benchmarks. Lots of software is also included, most of it you would want to keep and some of it (Compuserve, AOL) you might want to uninstall from the getgo.But wait, it's not all positive.The heat accumulation inside the case is something that the more technically advanced PC users will not like very much.Components which get too hot are known to be detrimental to the lifespan of PC's.The T2865 uses a minitower to facilitate all the components andthere is not much space left for any airflow, everything is packed tightly together. The CPU fan is not a problem but the overall case temperature gets pretty high eventually increasing the CPU temperature as well. Furthermore, the motherboard temperature gets pretty high, this is mainly because it uses a heatsink instead of a motherboard fan.Now Emachines technical support claims that the temperatures the computer experienced were not considered critical, but invested in a couple of casefans anyway.Please note that you will have to be inventive creating effective airflow in the case as the front does not have any space for a casefan.Conclusion, an excellent value for money but be sure to invest in some effective cooling fans so you ensure that the machine has a long lifespan.12/17/2003 Update: I would like to add that because of my own error I had to send the PC back and I am amazed by the speed of the repairs and the professional handling of my problem.You don't have to pay sending costs at all and everything is handled by Fed EX fast oneday delivery.
this is a great system good. warranty the only thing I didn't like is there is no plug from ballast to reflector I would give 5stars if that was included that's a major part useless without that but had fast shipping and great customer relations im sure this will get resolved A+ on everything else
While the setup disc that came with the router did not help me set it up, I was able to call the manufacturer for support.  It did cost me an additional twenty-five dollars to get their help since the product was out of warranty but I was very satisfied with the overall experience.  I have been very satisfied with the performance of the product since and after the initial setup, I have been able to connect other devices to the network without difficulty.  It even made file transfer from my old laptop to my new one a breeze by allowing file transfer over the network.
I have had this router for 7 or 8 years. I had it disconnected for a few years, then reinstalled it a year ago after getting my first WiFi device. I have only had one problem, recently I had to reset it because my wifi was really slow. Powering down and resetting took my download speed (apeedtest.net app for iPad) from 0.5 M to 3-6 M. Plenty fast enough for a single device to stream video. I think the wide range is due to the overall speed of my connection, which ranges from 6-9.It is old tech, only runs on the 802.11g band. D-Link has not supported the DI 524 with firmware updtaes since 2007 or 2008. I am surprised that it is still available new at retail.I am not a tech guy, so I can't recommend any alternatives. I'm sure that there are better options available, with newer technology, operating on b,g,n, and a frequencies. Still, mine is fully functional after several years. I have never had any problem with overheating as was mentioned in another review.My final analysis - I probably wouldn't buy this router today. I would look for one that is a bit more current. But, I have no complaints. After several years it still does what it is supposed to do without me knowing that it's there.
I have been using this device for a few years and it works well, is simple to use, and gets reasonable results.  i think it is a good buy for the price. There are better things on the market now but cost a lot more.
I bought this netgear and it was the exact same as the one Time Warner was charging me to rent and I haven't had any problems.  Just can't seem to reset the password for the wifi.  It keeps reseting to the one that's already set.
XP is great. i had my v505EC customized. I mostly use sony products like camcorder, cameras etc so its a breeze to transfer photos or file.At 40G, its not good enough for videos. I need at least 100 Gb for 3 hours of videos on file.  This good enough for photo editing, some storage and doing your file.Overall, Im satisfied.
Seems well refurbished and in good condition.
Easy to configure, and does what I ask.  It is hard to ask for more than that from any appliance.
I got this reader about a month ago and it installed easily as the USB 2.0 connector matched my MB connectors.  But the supplied Firewire connector does not work on my MB as it is the external type and not pin type (the type you usually use to connect to external ports!)The reader has two parts, a docking station that gets installed into a 3.5&quot; drive bay (like the floppy drive) and is connected to the Motherboard's USB 2.0 and Firewire connectors.  The other part is the actual reader that accepts media devices.  This part is typically inserted into the docking station and is recognized as multiple drives in Windows XP.  The neat idea is that you can take the reader with you on the road and use it independently via the supplied USB 2.0 wire with your laptop or other computer.Another thing to note; if your case has a door that covers the 3.5&quot; drive bay when closed, you will have a problem as the reader protrudes for 1&quot; outside the docking station.  Just make sure you have enough clearance if you want to have it docked and the door closed.  (I have it installed into an Antec Plus-1080B)
Well I ordered this to have a quality sound system just for my computer.  For the money it's about what I expected.  The bass is deep and clear, the highs are sharp.  The sound is large, the small speakers do deliver the 360 degrees of sound they claim.  I only have 2 problems, I ordered green, but they are actually gold with a green tint, this isn't that big of a deal.  The second problem is, there seems to be a good bit of distortion in the mid range especially at certain frequencies when the volume is above 1/2 max.  I've had them for 3 days and I've played about 12 hours of music through them, I'm hoping that this is only a problem during the break-in period, if not oh well they were only $75.
I bouth this one because I am looking to fill up the 5.25 bays on my Antec case, and this one looks nice. The package is pretty complete. Brings the face places and 3 thermal sensors (CPU, HDD and CASE), these are a pain to setup. 2 USB extention cables to connect the USBs on the back of your MOBO and one firewire. This will only control the fans connected to the motherboard. So if you only have 4 pin case fans you wont have much use for it except to control the CPUD fan speed. The overheating alarm is annoyingly loud, this thing is high pitched beeps that will only go off once the CPU temp is reached its limit. The LCD is green and the face plates are not that big of a deal. It looks pretty cool I recomend.
Don't think that you are going to pop this in and start recording all of your videos. You have to make sure that you have all of the technical requirements, and then some. I found lots of help online for errors which all turned out to be on my system, not this card. Be prepared to spend several hours doing this if you have an older PC system.
Definitely an upgrade from cheaper models under $100. If you are a more advanced drummer I would recommend it. Facilitates playing "triplets" much easier. However, I found the Tama beater light and basically useless for the power gained by using Iron Cobra. I upgraded beater head to articulating Pure Sound. Much heavier, fatter sound. CS.
This graphics card was interesting for me because it has sharpened the definition of figures in the games that I  play. The only drawback for me has been a whirring sound that I have heard since I installed the card. It may be another glitch in  my hardware, or it may be the graphics card itself.
I bought this for my new amd xp300+ processor and so far it has been working great.  The games that i was not able to play before on my other computer with my old nvidia 64mb graphics card, i was able to play fine with this new one (cricket2005, half life 2).  So far, the only thing to look out for is that the built on fan in this video card has its power cable attached rite behind it so if somehow it stops working, make sure you check to see if the wire is caught up in the fan.  I had this problem the first time i was installing it b/c i think i accidentally moved the wire(s).  But after that, there has been no issue with this. the price was also great, 50 bucks is a great price for this video card.
This was a very reasonable buy, I bought the card solely to play the game Lord of the Rings the Battle for Middle Earth II.  It can play the game on my computer on Medium Definition settings without any drag, though if it is set on high or ultra-high it begins to drag quite a bit.  But it's a large game and for a cheaper gamecard performs very well.  I would highly recommend this to people who are casual gamers like I am.
I bought this based upon superb specs and price :(...)1. 256mb2. AGP 8x interface3. DVI output = future connectivity to an HDTV set!4. Supports a pretty high resolutionYou really can't beat the price for these specs.I thought it would be great for playing Quake IV. Well, it's OK at medium res, but not high res, and just not quite as fast as I had expected for a 256mb card, though it may be the fault of my monitor, a Samsung LCD from 2003. But Quake IV is playable with this card and works well in general, just lags here and there.Disclosure: I have an AMD 3000+ OC'd to 2.1ghz, with 1 gig of DDR 400 RAM, and a 250 gb, 7200rpm hard drive.When I first installed the card, the card's fan never turned on. However somebody wrote me and suggested reseating the card and that did the trick. The fan is programmed to (and does) run 100% of the time. Some newer cards have a more intelligent fan that only cuts on when the temperature rises to a certain point, but this is a value-oriented card.I will say that ACDSee (an image viewer) performs GREAT with this card, loading pictures much, much faster. I have also played Civ IV and The Sims 2 with NO problems. Basically my word to the wise is that you need a more expensive card *only if* you plan to play the latest and greatest high-rez action games. This card will tear through most games without breaking a sweat, but fast-moving, high-rez, heavily detailed games like Quake IV (released this year) are a little bit different story.I would recommend this card, or a cheaper one with just 128 mb, to someone like me with an 8x AGP slot who wants DVI connectivity and doesn't use graphically intense games all the time. Incidentally I have not tried the DVI port out yet, but plan to in the future.According to my source, this card is easily Overclockable. "Use RivaTuner at guru3d dot com in the downloads section if you haven't already."Oh, and the S-video port on this card means you can hook up your computer to any old television set that has an s-video connection(*or buy a converter to RCA input). I am doing this now, connecting my PC to an old 24" 1994 SHARP television set via S-video cable into an RCA converter ($10), and then into the tv.  The picture isn't great --too fuzzy--but this makeshift is allowing me to use my television as a temporary monitor until another monitor arrives from an online store.You are not supposed to use ordinary non-hdtv televisions as monitors, really, so I am getting away with something thanks to this card. The DVI and s-video connections are really nice and useful features. For $60 you can't go wrong here.
easily not the best card out there, but it does offer good performance for its value..A good buy for those who still use AGP
It's a good video card i only had one problem and was installing it. I had to put the video mode to PCI and restart the PC 'cause when i selected AGP i had no video, but now works very very good and the quality it's excellent. It' s a good option for the price!!.
Guys i took this graphic card in march 2006. And 2 b fair its kindda amazing card for so little bucks.i got this graphic card as i didnt have an PCI-E slot on my motherboard.I hve an intel 845 GV chipset so the best card that i could put would be the FX 5 series.To be honest i could have put FX 5900 but then i had realised that it gave same perfomance as the FX 550 did.so i went for the FX 5500 256 Mb card.and guys dont underestimate this card cause its 256 MB and gives amazing graphics.but i woulsnt reccommend this card for hardcore gamers as u would have to play with lower settings.but most of the new games work amazing with this little card out there!Nd there are no hang ups or system crashes.plus the video clarity and the colours are azmzing ,i got this fora bout 25$ in a sale.iAnd i am pleased to say that i am really satisfied with itSo guys go fot this card if u have a low budget and stil need amazing perfomance.
I recently purchased this item and am definitely satisfied with it, except for the fact it will not work correctly for City Life.  It puts the screen resolution too big for my computer and it wont change it, just for that game.  Otherwise, this graphics card has improved my computer drastically from my old card.This graphics card also has nice controls to change the current view of your computer, which can be really nice on certain programs.  It has improved my other games graphics excellently.  Am very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone except those who have City life.
I use this card with a Dell SC400 server I use as a desktop running RedHat Fedora 6. I use it with a Dell E207WFP flat panel monitor. The card now works very well, but it wasn't without pain getting it installed. I don't remember all details since it was about a month and a half since I did it, but here are some of the things to keep in mind, when working through the install.- Start by installing the card and the analog cable- Reboot and turn off the onboard video controller in the bios- Once it boots up again it should start the new card in OpenGL compatibility mode- NVidia allows you to download the driver with a quite extensive installation script. If it works right for you, you are home free. Otherwise this is where the fun starts.- When I did the install the required kernel plugin was not available from NVidia, so I had to work through the recompile process- The installer from NVidia did not work correctly for several reasons.- In order to recompile the plugin I had to download the kernel source and headers, which I didn't have- Once I had the headers, my default installation of FC6 installed the PAE version of the kernel, but since I couldn't get the symbol tables between the compiled plugin and the PAE kernel to agree I ended up switching to the regular kernel. This required some minor edits to /etc/grub.conf.- The NVidia scripts also failed to insert the plugin, so I had to find it in the destination directory of the compile tree and insert it myself using insmod.- The installation scripts did set up X correctly, so it save me the effort of working through the X configuration.- After a restart of X I managed to switch to the resolution of my new monitor 1680x1050- Next I connected the DVI cable and when I switched the monitor to use the DVI input it would immediately go into power save mode.- After numerous reboots and various unsuccessful configuration tweaks, I finally disconnected the analog cable and rebooted, and finally the whole setup works.After the install I fairly quickly got most applications to work correctly including most of the  Linux desktop effects, DVD player, video player, etc. Google Earth looks amazing with the new monitor and card.
This is a good card I purchased it as an upgrade and it installed fine but I needed to download a new driver from the manufacturer's site to get the pixel shader to work for the lego star wars game.  Other than that it has been fine.
I was so mad at first because I could not install this card. Things had to be rearranged like the motherboard, etc. My buddy is a computer genius and it even confused him, only for a minute though. After putting the clues together he figured it out and MAN am I surprised. THE GRAPHICS ARE GORGEOUS. Did not expect this. It really brings out the color in FULL DETAIL in the games. BATTLEFIELD 2 was real dull looking before I had this card installed. Also there is barely any lag in the games. It is very SMOOTH.(CUT OF A COUPLE OF TIMES THOUGH) MAN WHAT A DIFFERENCE. For 55 dollars this IS A FLAT OUT ROBBERY, but certain people will have problems installing this, GUARANTEED.
Nice card for a cheap price, video card runs nice and smooth.
The install of this card was slick on my system. I have an older system. A PIII 667 w/plenty of memory. It's only been in my system for one day but I'm very happy with it so far.The real test will be to try a game that didn't work previously on my system such as The Temple of Elemental Evil.We'll see.
Was very satisfied with the deal I got on this card. I should have purchased 2.
I decided to upgrade my video card rather than buy a new computer with a PCI Express slot. I went from a GeForce 2 to the FX5500. My PC can only go up to AGP 4X. There was a definite improvement. Quake 4 looks great, but gets choppy at 1024X768. Other than that, a great upgrade for the price (approx. $52).
We got this card for our new HP, because there were certain games I wanted to play like HL2, and Doom3.  The preformance upgrade was like night and day over my MX400.  It isn't top of the line, but running Doom 3 on 1024*768, 8x AA, and high video settings, I was able to score 23 fps on the time demo.  When I overclocked this card to 320/450 opposed to hte standard 270/400, I saw on average, a 5-10 fps jump in all my games.  After that, the only time HL2 lagged was when I was near water, and even then I could still score 25fps.  Doom 3 shot up from 23fps to 28, which makes a large difference in gameplay smoothness.  Overall, not the best card if your going to be gaming a lot, unless you plan to overclock.  But still can handle todays generation of games very nicely, with room to spare.  All together, 8 out of 10 stars.My other specs-AMD ATHLON 64 3300+ running at 2.4GHz512MB COrsair PC3200Maxtor 160GB 7200rpm hd1024*768 16 inch LCD
This Video card is a great value if you a older computer... I play madden 2008 with no problem.
The card works great on my PC,MOBO Biostar P4VMA-M,CPU Pentium (4)  3.0 Ghz HT Prescot 800MHZ512 MB RAM PC-2700 DDR-33380 GB HD. Western Digital 7200RPM17 LCD flat monitor Samsung 715VGood for the price...
Nice upgrade for my Dell 8100 with 32mb card.  Easy to install.
I think I gave everyone who rated this card a go, a helpful vote. I wouldn't have minded spending a little more for a graphics card as my computer came with a VIA SG Unichrome Pro Integrated Chipset. I really only play one game and that's the Sims 2. But I started buying the expansion packs and found that the card really couldn't handle them. But I wanted to make sure that the card that I DID buy wouldn't set me back financially if it decided not to work, or I'd bought the wrong one for my system. One major selling point on this card is that it comes with it's one fan. So that makes 4 fans I have installed in my system.My card arrived yesterday and I immediately was able to install it in about 5-10 minutes. I was able to figure that the monitor hooks into the back of the card. Of course, I learned this after turning on the monitor and system and getting a black screen. LOL. My motherboard instantly recognized the card, so I really didn't even have to use the installation CD that came with it. I however had to do a few tweaks to my system's BIOS settings, as when I started up The Sims 2, it crashed and that's something I've never had happen before.Apparently I didn't disable my old integrated card prior to installing the new one. 30 minutes later I got all the information I needed and was running the Sims.The improved detail is amazing. I run the settings on high. The water has depth to it. There are no lags even with the change from night to day. I definitely rate this card a MUST GET. I gave it 4 stars, as I haven't had it that long, so I can't determine the effects of it on the long haul though.Oh, my system specs are:AMD Sempron(tm) 3300+ Processor (64-bit)(256KB L2 cache, 2.0GHz, 1600MHz FSB)Operating System:  Genuine Microsoft Windows XP Home (SP2)2Chipset:  VIA K8M800Memory:  512MB DDR SDRAM (1  512MB), 400MHz (PC3200)Expandable to 2GBPower Supply: PS,300 WATTHard Drive:  160GB (7200rpm, 2MB cache)S3 Graphics Unichrome(tm) Pro64MB DDR Shared memoryAGP 8x slot available for upgrade
I purchased this item to improve the graphical preformance of my relatively old Dell Dimension computer. In World of Warcraft and Civilization IV there was a marked graphical improvement, and the pixel blurring that had been bothering me was eliminated. Unfortunately the computer has begin to fail, not surprising due to it's age, and so it looks like this card will be finding a new home soon.A very solid purchase, though I imagine it will be pretty out of date within a year or two.
I bought this card so I could upgrade an old computer (Dell 2400 w/ a P4 @ 2.6 w/ 2G RAM) to be able to play some online games (Guild Wars).  I also had to upgrade the power supply, so that's the only negative, but in the end it was a worthy investment.  For under $70 (both card and PS) I was able to update my computer enough to handle most modern games.  Runs smooth, no problems with the interface - I'm satisfied with using the VGA output to my 42" LCD TV.  Yeah, it isn't as "crisp" as an HD image, but it's still hella better than an old-style monitor (CRT).Not the least bit unhappy with this.I'm running the PCI version of this card.
It is ok for a $60 video card, games like Marvel Ultimate alliance and most race games work great, however you wont be able to play FEAR in a quality above medium. The installation is a breeze, you will be playing in no time, and it really boosts your graphics. (I went from a 128 MB shared video to this)
Graphics are Very Good.Easy to InstallGreat Performance
Love it! Lightweight and does what it's supposed to. The only thing that may make it better is if there were no chords involved...wishful thinking
This wirless adapter is great. Almost never bad connection, easy to use, 0 configuration and intallment, and about half the price as the xbox 360 brand wirless adapter.
does fine on my original xbox and my xbox360. no installing. just cant choose a certain access point with it.
This is a steal, it is less than half the price the Microsoft adapter and works just as well. BUY THIS! I live in the basement in the back left corner of the house, and my router is on the 3rd floor in the front corner and it works fine, i occasionaly have a problem but it can easily be fixed.
PROs:+very compact+easily retracts or extends+USB 2.0+works for most USB mini plug appliances like Canon cameras or mini external USB hard drivesCONs:-not magnetically shielded (annoying, can interfere with other USB devices...just unplug and replug)
This was easy to install and works very well. It is located upstairs from the router and the signal strength is not the strongest but is acceptable and I have no complaints. The price was resonable.
It has a really nice fuzzy inside to protect the outside of the laptop from wear and tear and it is an all round useful case with are to put pens, paper, calculator, mouse, charger cord, etc.
this is my third unit and have been happy with the build quality and results. great value. dont really like the temp sensor but it works.
Very good system, I recomend it. Just Read the tech specifications and you'll see !The only issue that I have with this system, is that I'm having difficulties to install SP2.
I bought this for my Canon 20D.  The card writes fast and holds over 600 high quality images.  It comes with a plastic case that is substantially larger than the light-weight case most cards come with.  No type II CF card that I looked at could even come close to this price.
Having owned a 2210 for three years, and after doing considerable research on what new technology had to offer (considered both Canon and HP) decided to stay with a machine I was familiar with and which had served me quite well. Reason for needing a replacement- the color cartridge latch had brokenThe question remaining to be answered is whether the used machine I'm buying is fully operational.
This bag of parts includes a pcb, a PIC based microcontroller, a quartz crystal and handful of resisters, capacitors, and diodes.  The IC means this is a black box with the "assembly" amounting to pull-down resistors.  Not bad for an introduction to soldering.  But obviously that's where the educational value stops.  The assembly directions are super sparse.  They're printed on the backside of the cardboard label.  Someone with experience will need to supervise closely.  Make sure you have desoldering braid.  A very sharp attention to detail may do as well.
When you buy an off-brand computer part, you are never quite sure what you are going to get.  This wireless card has a Texas Instruments chipset, and really good reception.I'm going to law school at night.  The school takes up most of the top floor of a small office building.  I slipped this puppy into the slot on the side of my antique Compaq notebook 'puter.  (with the Pentium 233.)  About a quarter of the other students have laptops which are less than a year old.  This unit is able to connect to a wireless network somewhere else in the building and get to the internet.  Everyone else is going, "How'd you do that," cause they can't connect with the wireless cards built into their computers.The control software is good, and better than the software that came with my D-link wireless card in the computer I use with my entertainment center.
Nobody I know of sells it for $448Meade has a fixed price.Buy it but expect to pay darn near the same price everywhere.$448 isn't the street price.Bezos are you trying to pull the whool over our eyes?
When I got an email advertising a clearance price on the Meade Deep Sky Imager for $99, I could not resist. This imager makes a great entry level camera for those beginning to experiment with astrophotography. My first night out with the camera, I was able to image close-ups of the moon, the Ring Nebula and the Pegasus Cluster. The software is reasonable to use, though there are quite a few concepts that browsing or reading the manual, or a third party tutorial can help tremendously. This is a color imager that uses a USB interface to connect to the computer. I found the supplied 6 ft. USB cable to be a bit on the short side, and will be replacing it with a longer cable. I ran the software in Windows XP using Parallels on my MacBook Pro, as there is no Macintosh version of the software. The installation under XP requires one to ignore some operating system warnings about drivers. I have not tried the rest of the Autostar suite yet, as the telescope I was using to try the camera was an older LX200, which doesn't use Autostar. The imaging software also allows for some primitive self-guiding with an Autostar telescope and proper guiding with multiple DSIs. The imager uses convection cooling, and as such may be noisier than other imagers from competitors, but no one comes close to the low price of this imager. The DSI should go a long way to introducing beginners to digital astroimaging or to give a low cost alternative for those with a bit more experience. A software update on the Meade site adds NASA's Drizzle technology which can be used for mosaics or increasing the resolution of the output image. It also allows one to deal with field rotation in an Alt-Az mounted telescope.The DSI has already been replaced by a newer version, which is why the original is available at such a low price. I was very pleased with the results I got from my first two nights with the imager, and will expect even better results once I have my imaging scope guided during exposures.
Generally agree with the other comments here, but would like to say I have been a more or less happy user of mine for over a year now, leaving it on 24/7 as a DVR and living room game / surfing / TV PC.  The fan is quiet, and reliability has been good so far. I replaced the wireless keyboard with a bluetooth model from Logitech, which works better but doesnt have all the media keys that the HP model does. I dont use the Media Center interface except rarely for setting up recording schedules, use the normal XP PC display through the 15 pin SVGA cable onto a large LCD panel which works nice.  I also saw the border effects when using the DVI out which made it unusable as a PC display, so stuck with the SVGA connector, and picked my flatscreen based on having an SVGA connector which made life simple.  There are definitely bugs in some of the driver software, even after doing all the updates.  There is a memory leak in the front display driver program which requires a reboot every other day or so to clean up.  But it doesnt crash that often, and as a DVR works quite well, so that now that I am used to the quirks, I find it quite a useful little DVR/PC.  I hope HP keeps polishing the concept as they came quite close to an ideal HTPC with this design.
After reading the reviews for this product, I was hesitant to buy it, but there wasn't any other products like it so I took a chance.This product does work great, but don't expect it to work out of the box.  It didn't for me.  If you are not very computer literate, this is not the product for you, but if you have patience and smarts to play with it, like I did, it will work great.  Mine does.A few pointers to save some frustration.  After setting it up, you must do the following to get it to work right.1.  Install Microsoft Media Center Rollup update 1, from the automatic update site.  Do this before anything else.2.  Install all patches and firmware updates on the HP website for this product, except the front panel display and TV tuner updates.3.  Install the latest TV tuner update from the [...] website.  It is later than the one on the HP website.  The update on the HP website does not work, and has issues with 5.1 sound.4.  Install the Display Panel Update from the HP website LAST!!!5.  If you get a black screen with bringing the computer out of standby and watching TV, search the Microsoft knowledgebase, as there a patch specifically for this problem.I hope I saved some people time.  Also, as mentioned in the other reviews, I have never had a problem with overheating, and my unit sits in a rack.If this product worked out of the box, it would get 5 stars.
I bought two of these units for use in conference rooms with projectors where distance from the computer is an issue.  These operate, reliably, well in excess of 30 feet.  The keyboard is too bulky, in my opinion, for normal use at a typical desk.  The mouse works great anywhere, though.  I would give it 5 stars except for the fact that after a couple of weeks the keyboard quit working and I had to re-install the keyboard software.  I deducted 1 star for annoying me.  I am using these with a Dell desktop compter and the USB external reciever.  The side to side scrolling ability of the mouse wheel is great; you don't have to search for the, sometimes tiny, scroll button on the screen.
Good scanner.  Louder than i wish while scanning (but not extreme).  Wish that push-buttons were a bit more programmable...you can assign some programs/actions, but would like better options.  I generally just use the included software rather than the physical buttons.  Good quality, fast scans.
Hi, I just recently purchase this case because I had all the parts and pieces to build my gaming rig but a case. This case is quite large for a mid-tower but I enjoyed the room. My CPU [AMD Phenom II x4} would get pretty hot from time to time while gaming. I would suggest water cooling for this case. But other than that, it was great.Note: One of the front blue LED lights was detached from the front panel, I just had to take the front panel off and stick it back in, but I just wanted to point that out. These LED's lit my whole room up! Really Bright!
Got this for $14.99+tax from surplus computers, no shipping charge, as I bought from retail store in person.After struggling a day, finally I realized that I was connecting upside down to the drive- (it fits in either way)- and to make it work it has to be "correctly" connected to the drive- (following the arrows marked on the adapter). Also it is necessary to change the jumper settings of the drive to make it "Master"- (if not already). I observed that "Cable Select", "Slave" both did not work. When these two points are followed, it worked great- I tried Hard Drive, CD drives etc.The following are my obsevations:(1) If you connect upside down- windows(xp) will show "IDE to USB", then it will show "USB Mass Storage", then it will show "A problem occured while installing your hardware- it may not work properly." No drive will show up.Probably this is what happened to earlier reviewers for whom it never worked.(2) If you do not make the drive as Master:Nothing will show up.
So far so good, have not used it a lot yet.  As advertised, hard to tell how wide it is so be warned
Quick shipment and product received as advertised.  I was surprised to find that our projector fit perfectly in the bag, just what theDr. ordered!  I even got the spare bulb and other accessories to fit in the bag.  Only drawback is ther is no room to carry a Laptop computer unless it is an Ultra Thin unit.  I would not use the bag for both units anyway.  The unit has adequate protection for a Projector that meets the size limitation of the bag.
I bought this case to protect a multimedia projector during storage and transportation. The case was listed as an accessory to the projector, and it has turned out to be an excellent fit. There'splenty of room for the projector, theseveralcables that have to go with it, plus the user's manual. And there's more space for other items that might be helpful to bring along.The nylon fabric seems to be quite sturdy and the straps and latches are well-made and easy to use. All things considered, this is very good quality accessory.I have seen similar cases at Office Max for much better prices. They are similar in size and construction, but not designed for this particular use. I conclude that its worth the price for a case that meets a very specific need so well, but it does seem overpriced when compared with other cases that are designed for more general uses.
The PS1500B comes with a USB communication port supposedly.  This particular unit labels the port as "optional" and, of course, this unit does not include it.  It only has a serial communication port.If your computer is newer, it may not have a serial port and you'll need to purchase a separate serial port cable if you expect this UPS to communicate with your computer.Other than that, the UPS functions property and has a high wattage capacity (1050 watts) UPS suitable.
i use this to lug around my palm TX.  the TX fits perfectly inside.  I've had it now for about 4 months, and it's traveled the world with me.  it can take the punishment with ease, and i haven't had it open when it smacked the unpadded carpeted ground.  very well thought out design, with all the cutouts just where they need to be.  I'm quite happy with it.  but all is not perfect.if this hits concrete, the case will scratch and gouge and leave metal edges to scratch and gouge you.  so don't drop your expensive PDA on concrete.the case lid tends to flex over time.  when i first got this, the case would close with little wiggle room.  now, it's as if the corners on the vertical side that is not hinged have been pulled on, while the center was held down.  almost like it's warped a little.  not a lit, just a tiny bit.  this obviously because that is how i open the case.  i open the case from the corners.why from the corners?  because it's too darn hard to open it from the middle.  from the corners, it's a one handed operation.  from the middle where that clasp thing is, two hands.the clip is mercifully removable.  a very good thing in my eyes.I wish this thing opened like a steno pad, but that's okay.
This case seems to be materially identical to Saunders' Rhinoskin brand T5/TX case, but does not carry the Rhinoskin name. Instead, it's marked as Inno Pocket on the packaging. Having spent some time looking at the Rhinoskin, the case seems to be identical.There are a few problems with the case, that said. Firstly, while both front and back are lined with neoprene, it's not quite thick enough to prevent the palm from rattling inside the case. Although the neoprene should do a reasonable job of absorbing any impact from movement, it's far from ideal. This can, however, be fixed by applying some adhesive velcro (the soft, "loop" side) to prevent the rattle.Secondly, although this is high-grade aluminum, it still seems to bend pretty easily. Although it should protect the palm from any fall, too much concentrated pressure will cause the case to bend. Mine arrived with the clip slightly bent out of shape. It still closes relatively snugly, and looks to be relatively easily fixable with a pair of pliers, but a slightly firmer build would have been nice.The rail onto which your palm slides to hold it in place doesn't "click" into a firm lock. Although you'd have to swing the palm round and hold it upside down to get it to slide off, it's not inconceivable by any stretch. I can't fathom the reason for this decision - it's possible to make these rails so they click and hold the Palm firmly in place so it cannot fall out of the case.The case doesn't fold the whole way round. This is the only (only!) reason to purchase the Palm brand case - its front will open and fold the whole way round to the back, making one handed use far more practical. On the upside, as this case is both smaller and lighter, this is not as big a hindrance as it might otherwise have been.Finally, although there's an opening for the headphone outlet, it's not very large. If you're using headphones or earbuds with a small plug, this shouldn't be a problem, but on more expensive models that tend to have larger plugs, you'll find that they may not fully fit through the case to make a firm connection.All that said, this is not a bad case. The Aluminum is solid enough to survive a fall, the openings for access to the SD card slot, power button, USB connection etc. are all just as large as they need to be, meaning more protection for your palm. The case is small and light, and will easily fit in a back pocket, larger front pockets or jacket pockets. While in some cases, the ease of removing the Palm may be a hindrance, it does mean that it's very easy simply to slip into the case when needed, and take out while you're at home or in the office.For $23, I can't complain. The case does exactly what I want it to do, which is give easy access to the palm and protect the screen while it's in a pocket. I can easily slip it into the back pocket of my jeans, set Pocket Tunes to play, and not have to worry about damaging my Palm while I use it as a makeshift iPod. Even the only major complaint - the rattle - can be easily solved with some cushioning material. Definitely room for improvement, but still a superior solution to protecting your PDA.
This hard case for the T|X is pretty good. It has endured several falls causing some dings and dents. There are only a few problems. The metal on the top cutout areas tend to bend easily. Also the clip sometimes doesn't quite fit snugly causing the cover to be loose (it can easily be fixed by applying pressure to the metal tab with your hand). The only other problem is the metal pin in the hinge of the case. It tends to slip out little by little over time. You can shove it back in with the top of your stylus, although it will slip out again. If you're looking for a cheap, sturdy hard case, this would be what you want
make:Panasonicmodel (not exactly the one being sold; caveat emptor):CF-Y2FWPZZBM-ECToughbook eLite Executive Notebook Computer with 14.1" SXGA Color LCD Displayaccording to the hype from the messrs at Panasonic:Sleek. Solid. Superior.This eLite laptop is made for making big impressionswith an Intel Pentium M Processor 1.50 GHz,60GB shock-mounted HDD anda large 14.1" SXGA anti-glare Active Matrix Color LCD.Intel Centrino&trade; Mobile Technology14.1" outdoor-readable anti-glare SXGA displayIntegrated 802.11a+b+g wireless LANIntegrated DVD-ROM/CD-RW combo driveFull magnesium allow caseShock-mounted hard driveSD Memory card slot3.4 lbs. light and ultra-thin designtechnical specifications (for the CF-Y2FWPZZBM-EC):Case  Magnesium AlloyCPU  IntelPentium M Processor LV 758Processor speed 1.5 GHz2MB L2 Cache400MHz FSBStorage & Memory  256MB SDRAM (DDR) standard, expandable to 768MB (PC-2700 memory is required)60GB HDD and 512MB RAM expandable to 1024MBCombo Drive (DVD-ROM / CD-RW) standardWireless LAN  Intel PRO/Wireless 2915 ABG network connection 802.11a/b/gDisplay  14.1" 1400 x 1050 SXGA anti-glare tFT Active Matrix Color LCDExternal video support up to 1600 x 1200 at 16,770,000 colorsIntel 885GM integrated video controller max. 64MB (UMA) VRAMAudio  SigmaTel&trade; STAC9751 AC-97 v.2 v2.1 compliantIntegrated stereo speakersConvenient Keyboard volume controls (Fn+F5/F6 keys)Expansion Slots  PC Card Type II x ISecure Digital (SD) cardKeyboard & Input  85-key with dedicated Windows keyTouchpad with vertical scrolling supportPower Supply  Lithium Ion battery packBattery 1 Operation: up to 5.8 hoursBattery 2 charging time: approx. 5.5 hoursAC Adapter: Auto Sensing/Switching worldwide power supplyPop-up on-screen battery status reportingPower Management  Suspend/Resume Function, Hibernation, Standby, ACPI BIOSSoftware  Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP2,On-line Reference Manual, Adobe Acrobat ReaderWarranty  3-year limited warranty, parts & labor (U.S.)Interface  External Video - D-sub 15 pinHeadphones/Speaker - Mini-jack StereoMicrophone/Line - In Mini-jackUSB 2.0 (x2) - 4 pin10/100 Ethernet - RJ-4556K Modem - RJ-11Dimensions (H x W x D)  1.3/1.8'' x 12.2'' x 9.6''Weight  3.4 lbsFootnotes1  Battery performance features such as charge time and life span can vary according to the conditions under which the computer and battery are used. Battery operation and recharge times will vary based on many factors including screen brightness, applications, features, power management, battery conditioning and other preferences.2  Battery performance features such as charge time and life span can vary according to the conditions under which the computer and battery are used. Battery operation and recharge times will vary based on many factors including screen brightness, applications, features, power management, battery conditioning and other preferences.personal addendum:country of origin: unknownunion made (!): unknown (not likely...)
HI...I JUST PURCHASED THIS ITEM AT STAPLES FOR $29.95...WHY IS IT LIST AT SUCH A HIGH PRICE HERE?  WORKS BEAUTIFULLY SO FAR...MINOR PROBLEM W/MOUSE BUT HAVEN'T GOT IT ON A FLAT SURFACE ..OTHERWIDE, NO PROBLEMS
I have three of these 19" GEM monitors on my desktop (all hooked to one PC). Overall the image quality is very high.  Extremely high quality when you consider the price. Brightness is also extremely high, I run them about 33 of 100 on the brightness. They are decent for gaming, but not as nice as the newer, faster response times.* Both a DVI and RGV/VGA (15 pin) connector on the one cable. I had issues getting a correct picture from the DVI input, but the VGA is basically perfect so I have not cared.* None of the current units have any dead pixels (none stuck bright, none stuck dark) One I bought had a bad pixel out of box, but I took it back and Frys gladly swapped it.* The oldest unit is about a year old, and the newest about 8 months. No problems have come up with age.* I consider the micro-mini built in speakers to be useless, unless you were just wanting system beeps.
I've had this monitor for about 6 months now and have managed to get the color dialed in well for a monitor of this prce point.  As to the comments of the reviewer that gave one star:- the external power supply was not an issue for me (it is not uncommon and saves weight and heat in the unit itself)- I wouldn't use any monitors built in speakers (I wish they would just leave them out a put the $$ towards making the monitor better)- The DVI imput works perfectly for me - and it makes a difference in quality).I am pleased enough with the monitor that I am buying another to run dual with the first one.
The device is really convenient.  For about $15, I can connect any computer built in the last 6 or 7 years to a wireless router in no time.  As I write, I am repairing a laptop computer for a friend's daughter.  She had over 200 trojan horses and three viruses, and her computer virtually stopped.  I had to wipe out the hard drive and load a new operating system.Since she lost the install disks and the one built on the computer was damaged, I have no drivers for the built in wireless adapter or the ethernet adapter, so I couldn't even get into the internet to upgrade Windows and load drivers.This product provided the solution.  I just loaded the driver/software from the install disk, plugged the Airlink into a USB port, and away I was surfing the net and finding drivers and updating my XP installation.  Software installation is easy.  And there is no need to unscrew a computer case to unscrew, and no searching for spare PCI slot in a slotless world, etc.  I've had similar problems with other computers I've rebuilt which had no wireless card, and this device comes in handy.I've easily been able to connect from about 40' away from my wireless router without any problem.  And it costs about half as much as any other USB wireless adapter I've found.  I can just give 'em away.8/7/08 -- I just bought three more of 'em for $8 each.
This is everything you can expect from a notebook fan.  I found the "leather" cover it comes with to be useless.  The cover smelled like chemicals so I pitched it.  It works better without the cover anyway.  The fans are barely audible and it really does keep the computer cool.
What you see is what you get.  The cable plugs into a USB port to charge and sync your Dell Axim PDA.I'm using the Axim X50 and a Dell D600 laptop.  Although I'm satisfied overall, I have had a couple of minor issues when using this cable.Sometimes the Axim is not recognized when it is first connected using this cable.  Disconnecting, waiting a few seconds, and then reconnecting has never failed to fix the problem.  (Note:  This happens once in awhile on my desktop synchronization cradle also, so I'm not that concerned.)I have also had a couple of times where the synchronization did not complete successfully.  This was usually when there was a large amount of data that needed to be transferred.  I don't know if that was just an unlucky coincidence or something else.  So far, a restart of the synchronization process has always fixed the problem.  Just pay attention to ensure that the synchronization completes without errors.I carry this cable, along with some other electronic travel essentials, in a small travel kit that goes in my briefcase when I'm on the road.  I keep that kit as small and light as possible by limiting it the absolutely critical items only.  The fact that the cable is in there is evidence of how important it is for me.Aside from synchronization on the road, this cable has another big advantage for a frequent international traveler.  My laptop power supply is multivoltage, so I never have to carry a power converter when I travel between the US and Europe (or anywhere else for that matter).  By charging my Axim from the USB port on my laptop, there is never a voltage conversion problem. (I have a similar USB charger for my mobile phone.)  If I can find a single accessible electrical outlet in a hotel, I can recharge my laptop, PDA, and phone all at once.  Perhaps this takes longer than using dedicated chargers, but it works.The Dell desktop charger is still easier to use, nicer overall, and works more reliably for me.  I'm rating this cable at 4 stars, but that is really all I expect from it.One usage tip.  When you first connect the cable, you might see your Axim screen flickering between bright and dim.  Don't panic.  The charging is accomplished over USB done a current pulse.  It makes the PDA power management think that it is being repeatedly connected and disconnected from external power.  When charging using this cable, you need to adjust your brightness settings on the Axim so that the match for both battery and external power.  (Select: Programs / Settings / System / Brightness)  If your brightness settings are not the same in both states, the display will appear to flicker bight/dim/bright/etc.
When it comes down to it, what can be wrong with am enclosure... it either works or it doesn't.. everything else is either aesthetic or features.  The NexStar performs flawlessly and is a snap to use transferring large files pretty quickly. The only complaint I have about installing the drive is that not only is it a tight fit to get the drive in there, but it was somewhat of a pain to position the IDE cable in such a way as to not get severely pinched when closing the cover.This is the second drive enclosure that I have purchased over the past year.  The first one was a cheaper alternative to the NexStar 3.0 and although this enclosure is a beauty (I specifically bought the black to match my computer case), it is lacking a few things that the alternative has at a lower price. Firewire support is not there (though I can't truly complain since I knew that when purchasing it) and the ability to chain enclosures together would have been welcome.I can't really give it five stars but it really doesn't deserve four either... I'd say it is more like a 4.5  :)
I am using this case for a backup drive that I don't even spin up much. I don't have enough need to keep it running all the time but when I do run it, it is in constant use for a couple days at a time. When the drive inside really gets going, the case dissipates the heat really well. It does get warm to the touch but never hot. Installation was a breeze, XP recognized it right away and it was accessible in under 20 seconds. The sigle blue LED for read/write/power is fine but it's a little large. With the room lights on, you don't notice, at night with the lights off/down, it does look like a police raid with the blue flashing! But at $35 I am not complaining.
I bought this back up drive for my father.  It helps me when he messes his computer up and calls me, now I can just head over to his house and restore all of his critical files to his computer that he lost.  This happened so many times that I knew my best option was to back his stuff up on this drive and just plan on him crashing his computer.  lol
came quick, perfect condition.. product easy to use... just plug it in and it'll work... i'm very happy with the hd caseonly thing is, for me... i had a 80 gig hd to put into the case, and sometimes they have 160 gig external hd's for like 50-60 bucks... therefore, i dont know if spending 30-35 bucks on just the case was worth it but i like it none the less... it's well worth it if you have a large 120+ gig hd and need an external case for it... but if your hd is like 40 gigs or whatever... just get an actual external hd and not just a case
Believe me I've looked. They're glossy and sleek. But they will get warm, even hot. Probably could use some vents.
Easy to set up although setting the jumpers on the hard drive was a little confusing.  Price was nice and it is a sturdy enclosure.  Was delivered quickly, right on schedule.  I'll be looking for additional Vantec products.
I spent several weeks researching this topic before I purchased. I also spent quite a bit of time in reading the customer reviews on Amazon.com. What I was finding with a lot of these enclosures, is that most of them did not work (according to customer reviews). I was just about ready to say "forget it", when I stumbled upon the Nexstar 3. I read the review, and decided to fork out the cash.I have to say that this product lived up to my expectations. Installing an IDE disk was a straight-forward process, and it only took about ten minutes. One of my complaints, is that the case is a tight fit, and the screw mounts don't look to be sturdy. Also, the screws for the outside of the case had difficulty with being tightened. Other than that, installation was a snap.Put it on your Windows XP equipped system, turn on the power, and voila! You're up and running in seconds. USB 2.0 provides speedy transfers, and everything seems to work. The package also comes with drivers for Win 98 on CD, although I do not know if they work, as I do not have this operating system on any of my computers.The large blue LED light is a bit scary looking, and is bright enough to light up a room. The emblazoned Vantek emblem is nifty, but makes for a blinding experience if you happen to look directly at it.In short, I will say that there are a few basic design flaws, but they are acceptable. The product works as advertised, and for the price, you really can't ask for more. If you're in dire need of an external enclosure, or are just looking to expand your storage capability, then I would highly recommend this product.
Good product, nice quality switches on back. Useful with Belkin Transfer cable for transferring old hard drive info to new computer. Can also be used as limited back up. Unfortunately opening info from old drive is complicated (not Vantec Fault) so it mostly now serves as back up. Its not like you can use the old drive and the new one.
I needed an external enclosure to house my 160GB harddrive which stored my music and movies to use with my new laptop, so I decided on purchasing the black Vantec NexStar 3. The setup was very simple. Just attach the wires to the drive and screw the drive into the bracket. There is no fan, as no fan is really needed because of the aluminum case. Plugging the device into my laptop's usb port, Windows XP immediately recognized the usb mass storage device. The design of the case is pretty simple, but the mirror finish and blue LED make it a beauty.One minor flaw I noticed with my enclosure is the front lcd cover/plate. After a day of use, the front cover was falling off due to the adhesive (tape) beginning to lose its stickiness. This suprised me as to how something so high-priced could be falling apart so soon. As a result, I simply used some Scotch tape of my own and taped it back on and it hasn't fallen off since.
I bought the NexStar case(s) for a few hard drives that I had laying around.Pros1) The case is sturdy and durable2) The light is bright enough as an indicator but not blinding3) The one and off switch is located on the back with the cords  as opposed to other brands that did not have one or had it on the  sideCons1) The case fits very snuggly so you have to be careful installing the hard drive2) The wires you connect to the hard drive are near the front and are a bit thick so they can be difficult to push in as you are  closing it until you get use to it.I fully intend to buy another one of these cases since I bought them for ide hard drives and I still need one more plus one for a sata hard drive. I think it's an excellent buy for the price and I only removed one star because of the very snug ft of the case.
Great drive, very reliable. I would have given 5/5 if the drive turned off when you turned the computer off.
I purchased this case to enable me to use unused hard drives with our Dish DVR receiver. Connected to Dish USB, I am able to move instructional (DIY etc) videos and movies from the DVR to the external hard drives, woodworking on one (black), Food network (blue) on another, Sci-Fi (red) on yet another, etc. I am able to unplug one NexStar then plug in another NexStar and Dish recognizes them and I can play back HD movies from the NexStar enclosure - Great enclosures
The casing is nice and its pretty easy to setup. I read a lot of negative reviews regarding this company but decided to give it a shot anyways. I had a old drive which was partitioned and had crashed. I decided to get a new iMac and wanted to recover all of my files.I popped it in and it worked like a charm. I got all of my photos back and life is wonderful. The only thing to note is the power supply to the case is rather large. So if you have to plug this in to a multi-outlet you might want to think twice..
Let's start off with how I came around to getting this. It was more of by chance than me actually going out and purchasing this exact laptop. So a little over two years ago, my mom decided to get my grandfather and my cousin a laptop, this exact one for my grandfather. Well, as he is much older, his vision has also begun to pass and he could no longer use the laptop. He decided that I would find a better use for it than collect dust and he said "Your mom got your cousin one, and I think you deserve to have one too." and so he gave it to me.This laptop has a lot or pros and cons. Lets start off with the basics. This Toshiba Satellite M35X is an inexpensive laptop that is designed for students and home users on a budget. It isn't the smallest thing, but the laptop itself is quite lightweight in comparison to ones of similar size.Some features that this laptop has that are quite nice are its big wide-screen display with the build in controls for CD and DVD playback. The 15.4-inch display with a standard 1,280x800 pixel standard resolution is the highlight of this laptop. The keyboard is also quite large which allows you to comfortably type, but some of the keys are located differently than on the standard keyboard which takes some time getting use to. For example, the standard insert and delete keys are next to the space bar unlike on the conventional keyboard. As for me, the laptop looks pretty darn slick with its array of neon blue, and green LED's with the silver and black casing, the first appearance is quite attractive.But this laptop does have its cosmetic downsides. The notebook's lid is quite flimsy, but so far, for me, it has adequately protected the display, but I don't bring the laptop out of the house that often so I'm not positive. The built in speakers aren't the best, but you can live with them. I'd recommend using the headphones as the sound quality is clearer and you might not always be able to take advantage of the quite speakers that are built in. When you turn them up, you'll get distortion and a vibration which isn't good for the speakers. Also, over time, I have started to notice that the fan is quite annoying, and comes on quite often. I wouldn't have expected such a loud fan, as it surpasses the volume of my desktops fans.But this laptop is quite restrained by the low-speed Celeron processor and the lower quality graphics build which will sometimes disturb your movie experience/gaming experience. Also, the very short battery life doesn't help this laptops standing. But, the laptop does have a nice feature that was built in that allows you to adjust your settings based on what programs you use the most. This optimizes the battery's usage as to prolong the use.Overall, I would question weather or not this is worth the money to buy it. It seems to me that Toshiba has started to lower their quality to try and lower the price. There past products were top of the line, but now it seems they are trying to cut the cost to draw in a larger market. But I think there starting to fade their image. I would say on a five star rating scale I would give the Toshiba Satellite M35X a 3.5. 2006 - David Chen - All Right's Reserved
Good product, works fine. It took a while to download the required drivers but once you have it running works smoothly. Not so small as one could expect, but still portable.
In the beginning I had some difficulties setting this up since this was my first wireless network but since i got it up and running I have no real issues with it. Sometimes the connection gets lost but that can be restored simply by repairing the connection (right-click on the local area connection icon on the right of the tray bar) which is done in less than 1 minute. Since i never had a wireless router before to compare it to, i do not know if the much more expensive models have this issue as well. But given the price and the ease with which to restore lost connections, this is not a bad  choice.
The card was as new in the package received, but there wasn't any software disc and manuals included in order to install the device to my computer. So I had to look for the software, which was still available, in the Compaq's webpage.
This is great graphics card for those of you running older PCs. The FX 5500 has good graphics horse power able to run PC games made before 2006 at a good frame rate for the most part. You will need either a PCI or AGP slot to install the card on your motherboard, depending on which model you buy. Also, you will need a power supply of 350 watts or more to be able to install the card. The FX 5500 has a mini fan to keep it cool for when is working and also has two video port which i guess is for running dual monitors but i did not test that.
This is a good product. It turns you home desktop computer into a wireless receiver if you have a wireless router.Easy to install.
I'm over 50 and I switched from a standard leather computer carrying case to this.  At my age, using a backpack kind of looks a bit immature.  I don't care!!!  It is one of the most functional backpacks I have ever owned (although its been about 35 years since I owned one.)  If I have too much other stuff to carry, I can just throw it on my back.  The bag has so many pockets and storage areas I can carry work files, computer disks, a charger and camera, and all kinds of other stuff.  It has internal pockets for CD cases and pens.  It is big enough for a 17" laptop with a stretchable strap with a large velcro strip to make sure the computer stays in its padded compartment.
This is a great backpack. There is lots of room for all your gear and a 17" laptop. There are many pockets to organize anything you can carry. Well padded too. Great buy at a great price.
PhoneValet 3.0Company: ParliantPrice: $199.95 and up - $49.95 Podcast add-on[...]When I first saw the advertisements and reviews of PhoneValet, I thought it looked like a cool product, but probably not one I would have much need or desire for. Then almost a year ago, when we started the MyMac.com Podcast, suddenly the ability to record telephone conversations became something I was very much interested in. PhoneValet does much more than simple telephone recordings; in fact that is one of the lesser features of this program / hardware package.Press 1 if...Installing the software is a snap, although the software serial number is tied to the hardware serial number on the phone plug to USB adapter that makes up the other part of the package. This was a little buggy at first, as the user is forced to enter different serial numbers at different times during the setup process. In fact, the program rejected my license code ten times before I broke down and emailed Parliant for help. I was emailed possible solutions, which worked eventually. As a long time product reviewer, I have to say that the rigmarole involved to simply enter a license code should not be this time consuming or frustrating. Software companies are supposed to make life for the end user easier, not more difficult in a vain attempt to combat piracy. Why do I have to be inconvenienced?Press 2 if...Once the software was actually installed and updated to the latest version, it was time to set up the software to handle my entire phone answering needs. Turns out that PhoneValet comes in two different components, PhoneValet and PhoneValet Message Center. I am unsure why these two applications are not combined into one easy to use interface, but they are not. Both programs work well and are easy to use on their own.Setup consists of telling PhoneValet what you want it to do. For instance, perhaps there are multiple people in your location; wouldn't it be cool if each could have their own phone answering service? With PhoneValet, that possibility is a simple reality. In fact, PhoneValet can handle up to eleven different and unique mailboxes.More, let's say you are away from the office or home, but you really need to know when someone has called and left a message that you need. PhoneValet can email you the recording, wherever you are. It also works with SMS or pager, although I did not have the equipment to test either of those features.When your phone rings, you simply let PhoneValet handle it. If you want to talk to the person leaving the message, you can pick up the phone. If not, listen to the message later on your Mac.One of the cool factors is having your Mac announce who is calling via Caller ID. Yes, the Mac will actually speak the name of the person (or business) calling. Once you get used to using PhoneValet, it's like having your very own personal telephone assistant, one who can even make calls, record calls, and save a history of your calls for future reference.Press 3 if...Don't we all hate it when you call a phone number hoping to talk to someone, and get that Press 1 for sales, Press 2 for service message system? Well, usually those telephone systems are designed that way to route your call to the appropriate person or department, thus saving time for the business. Technical Support will probably not be able to help you with your sales question. PhoneValet gives you the option of having the same high-tech options for your business. It can route calls on a multi-line phone system, or route it to the correct phone mailbox. You can even set the program up to play messages, such as store hours, but not to take messages. This is handy!If you're worried that using a Mac as an answering machine will quickly fill up hard drive space, you should have no fear. While the quality of voice recordings are not CD quality, the stored messages in PhoneValet are fine for voice messages, and they don't take up much space at all. Besides, even a five-year-old Macintosh probably has a 20GB hard drive, and according to the PhoneValet website, that would enable it to record 191 days of continuous voice messages. I don't know about you, but I don't plan on being away from my phone for that long, and even if I were, I don't think enough people would ever call to worry about filling up a hard drive. However, you can always archive voice messages and recordings to removable media for long-term storage.As a Podcaster, I wanted PhoneValet for a very different reason: to record conversations to be used later on the podcast. To this end, PhoneValet works very well, and they even sell a bundle that ships with tools to help you clean up the quality of voice recordings to be used in podcasts. While I found the third-party tools that Parliant includes in this bundle (BIAS SoundSoap 2 and Peak Express 5) to work well, I found they simply could only do so much to help the rotten sound quality of the cheap telephone quality in my house. Yes, I think I have the oldest and crappiest phone service in the state of Michigan. Some recordings were simply too horrible to use in the podcast, no matter how many filters and enchantments I used to try and correct the problems. I don't blame this on the PhoneValet software, nor on the applications in the Podcast bundle.Press 4 if...All in all, I am quite pleased with this software/hardware solution. The ability to record telephone conversations on my Mac has been something I have wanted for years, and PhoneValet does an excellent job of it. When I did have a problem, in this case a recorded conversation that the audio quality was actually pretty good, the program refused to playback the sound recording afterwards. One email to Parliant later, and I had a clever terminal command to correct the problem and save the recorded conversation. So, hats off to Parliant for great customer service.MyMac.com Rating: 4 out of 5
It was excellent for the first year or so, then it just gave out.  I suspect someone may have done something to cause it to stop working, but there appears to be no sign of damage, so I rate it at a 4, because for the price, it is worth replacing yearly. ;-)
I got this laptop as a Christmas present and I like it a lot.  It is a good deal, and but it has its draw backs.Lets start with the good:The pressesor is very fast and the screen looks great.  The keyboard is big enough to type easily on it.  DVDs play great on this computer (it even has 5 extra buttons on the side just for DVDs).The bad:Sucky, sucky battery life.  I get an average of about 2 hours on long-life mode.  The other things is that the graphics card (a Mobile Raideon 9000) isn't the best.  I can play Battlefield 3 on it on the lowest graphics settings, but I get serious lag on servers of more then 32 players.  The only other thing is that the hard drive is kinda small, at only 60 GB.Overall, this is a good laptop.  It's not the mobilest or the best preforming, but it is one of the best laptops out there for under $1000.
I purchased a Toshiba P35 3.5 years ago for consulting work. After 15 months the monitor went bad and I replaced it (replacements are cheaper now).  A year later it was over heating and I had the thermal circuit replaced for a nominal charge.  I did noticed the tech didn't fasten the monitor connector well and after adjusting it everything worked great.Now I use a cooling pad under the laptop and haven't seen any further issues.  It is a fast laptop that's good for gaming and I would have started with a cooling pad had the manufacturer recommended it.
These equipments are now working 24hrs a day, they're reliable and just what I was searching for.
I am pleased with the covers.  Even with larger hands, I am able to grab them when I need to have them removed.  All in all, a good purchase for me.
I like it, but color-coded usb covers might help my IT staff to use to right ports. Offer more colors.
I use these on my outdoor electric toys just because it makes me feel better. Lol  just paid to ship a large envelope that it didn't need and the price was a little high.
These plugs will effectively keep dust out of the USB ports not in use. I have had problems with dust before and finally decided to look for something like this. They fit, they stay in place, they're durable.However, the tapered head on the plug makes it a little difficult to hold them properly to insert or remove them. Hence, not quite 5 stars.
I am using this to extend the microphone cable of a Yaesu FT7900 radio.The Ivory / off white color blends in nicely with a light color auto interior.The transceiver can be out of sight, with just an interior matching connection for the microphone. Keeps non-techies happy.
shipping was prompt. battery is easy to use lasts appx 1.5 hrs dependent on application
I do not like this style of connector; unfortunately many newer receivers use them to connect the FM antenna. These connectors are of good quality compared to other ones I have used. The retaining ring and centre terminal are more robust then others.Shipping speed and packing were satisfactory.
25 feet is a considerable length.  I snake this thing through my apartment, from the living room to the kitchen to play music in the kitchen.  Does the trick.  The cable is a little thicker than I expected it to be, thicker than your typical 3.5 mm stereo wire, but that could be owing to the extra length this thing has.  All in all, it's a pretty solid unsexy stereo wire.
the bells were to be used on farm animals (goats) and they're holding up fairly well, only loosing one clanger from one bell, easily fixed with a piece of wire and a nut......
I bought this for about $500 (new) at another site at least a year ago, and with the exception of the horrible battery life (Which I knew about going in, but it still so bad that I decide to deduct a star), I haven't had any major complaints. Yes, the color on the keys has worn a lot (but I also use this everyday), and the outside is banged up (but it gets tossed in a backpack without a case most days), but otherwise I am quite happy with my very cheap purchase.-In response to a few other reviewers, this laptop hasn't melted anything.-Regarding customer support: I called them to ask about updating the memory, and after being told that I really shouldn't do it, they gave me all of the details I needed (some non-standard bits are inside the case). All in all, a good deal!
I think I've had this laptop over a year and a half(yeah, should be old and obsolete by now, right?), and it's been fine. I, personally, only use it for internet access, word processing, and burning movies, but have not had any critical issues.My husband is an engineer, and always picks up my laptop instead of his own! (Yes, I have gotten angry with him on a few occasions.)My only complaint is, as of recent, the battery does not hold charge correctly, or for a significant amount of time unless I turn it off, remove it, and re-insert it. I'm guessing it's because I've had it so long, and use it so much, so I figure I just need to replace it.We take this thing on trips, and sometimes I take it to work, so it's gotten around, and I have yet to have any issues with it being flimsy or overheating (I actually use the thing for hours on end - just have to plug it in). I do have a padded, (pink & purple floral printed)fabric laptop cover I picked up from Urban Outfitter on clearance(over a year ago) for eight bucks that I stick it in when I need to bring it somewhere. But this doesn't mean my dogs have not jumped on it while I was using it(They prefer the attention be on them, not the computer. Granted the heaviest one is 14lbs.)This 2150 has been fine for me, and hopefully, finally posting about it won't jinx it!But hey, when I look at reviews, I like to see the worst issues people have had, and figure everyone with significant issues is going to make it a point to make their frustrations known. I wouldn't want to be the guy who had to deal with the tech support that knew less than I did.  People less often feel compelled to post when something is just working the way it is supposed to.
I am satisfied that I got what I paid for with this system.  I wish it had more written documentation and actual installation CD's for the operating system and other software, but I expected corners to be cut somewhere to get such a good price.  The product arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.  It now appears that this particular system has been discontinued, but there are other similar offers from TigerDirect.  I was particularly pleased with the emphasis on the fact that this system was built in the USA with American labor.
I originally bought this adapter to connect my Wii to the internet, but it did not work. However, it did work fine with my vista laptop, so I recommend if you are looking for an adapter for your computer, this will work fine. It's a little tricky to install the drivers, and the connection is slower than normal, but otherwise it gets the job done.
I got this for the purpose of using ethernet on my Cr-48. The chipset in here is compatible with Chrome-OS and the Cr-48 so I really have no complaints. Its cheap and gets the job done. Buy it if you need one.
Does anyone know if these work with Series 2 single record TiVO units?  The idjits at TiVo didn't bother to put an Ethernet port on these units so I need to convert to hard wire it to my network.  Thanks.
Netbooks do not seem to have cat5 port, so for when you travel and they only offer a cable in the room, this saves the day!
dm9601 chipset.  Supported on Linux, but only very recent versions (2.6.21 or later).Unfortunately not supported by the version of Linux included in latest Debian GNU/Linux release.
My Ethernet port suddenly got a hardware problem. Being a Sony Viao desktop with all proprietary non upgradable stuff in there, I was in a soup and then I saw this product on Amazon. I ordered, I got it in 2 days, and I installed in 2 minutes. It's up and running just fine. Excellent speed for browsing too. Overall it is a 4-star item.
Just plugged it in, turned on my computer, and away it went. OpenSUSE 11.4 picked it right up with the appropriate driver, and I was able to configure it in nothing flat. So far so good.
I used to support a large Sales force and had to use this cable once or twice.  Although the driver disk that originally shipped was blank, the manufacturer made it right by sending me a new one and it worked as described.  For quick data transfer from one PC to another, especially when working with large amounts of data (might not fit on a jump drive) it is very handy.  You must install a small driver on each PC before using, which I carried on a jump drive, or stored on a network sharepoint.
This product worked great from the start.  Well, maybe starting out I was nervous, I plugged in the wall adapter and it constantly kept looking like it was turning on and off.  APparently, while charging, the unit turns itself on, and there simply wasnt even enough charge for it to power up lugged in.  After a minute or two, it was on and charging.  After i charged it, i loaded a full 2GB of songs, and its been pumpin it out since.  So chill out you losers, grab some kleenex and learn a little patience.
I gave it four stars for a couple of its quirks, but I got mine for $1099 on Amazon (via Tigerdirect) about a year ago and I have solved many of its problems.  Therefore, five stars makes more sense because there is nothing like this machine on the market for anywhere near the price.  Unfortunately, Amazon will not allow me to change my initial star rating.First and foremost, the Sony manual says CLEARLY that the computer will not play 1080i via component.  It specifies that it only puts out HDTV content over HDMI.  Any research at all would have answered that question.I find it hard to believe that there is no way to convert HD content recorded on the machine to a DVHS recorder via firewire.  I will test this when I have time.  I already edit my HD files (my machine records into ".dvr-ms" format) to remove commercials and change them to mpeg format using Videoredo software.What I like about the machine:1. Batch burning CDs to lossless format.  I saved hours of time burning my 1400 CDs to my hard drive.  This was the main reason I wanted the machine and it performed like a champ (pulling over tag info and album art automatically!!!).2. DVD changer integration.  When you load movies into the changer, it goes out to the internet and pulls album art and movie descriptions.  This is really cool for managing DVDs.3. If you have your own ".vob" formated files on your hard drive, you can add your own cover art and the folder will show up with the DVDs in the changer ("My DVDs" section)in WMC.4. Photos look great over the HDMI out on my big screen HDTV!5. Your Yahoo music library content will show up with your own CDs in WMC.  XM Radio (if you have a subscription) is available in the other content section.6. It keeps track of playlist by most played, favorites, etc... and it is easy to create playlists on the fly.7.  Easy to record cable content over a direct connection to your cable line.  It is also easy to add HDTV OTA recording with a VBox Catseye USB tuner.8. The included wireless keyboard is great.  I keep it on the coffee table and can surf the internet or pull up a movie in seconds!  Keep some rechargeable batteries nearby and you will never have to worry.9. The fact that they were ingenious enough to put an ir receiver in the unit.  I have programmed my harmony remote to do all the functions of the WMC remote that came with the machine.10. Very quiet and runs cool.What I don't like:1.  Had to add USB soundcard to get DTS sound.  I bought an inexpensive Turtle Beach Roadie that was up to the task.2. Has issues coming out of hybernation.  I now just leave mine on all the time.  Mine also has issues with rebooting on occasion, but not enough to complain about.3. Occasionally loses connection to the DVD changer.  I usually just reinstall the DVD changer update and it fixes the problem.  I have not had the problem in about 8 months, but it is frustrating when it does happen.4. The changer is huge and it is also loud when changing discs.  I bought a long firewire cord and keep my changer in a separate room.As a side note, I had a major problem with my DVD changer the day after it was delivered.  Sony sent the parts to my location and they had it fixed in less than a week's time (I called them on a Saturday and it was fixed on Thursday).  The tech even came out after I got off from work and stayed until about 7PM fixing it.
The case arrived on time and in perfect condition.  I had an older version not on wheels.  The new case isn't made of all the fine quality material and features of the original, but it is fine for my needs.  It doesn't have all the inner pockets of the non wheel version which was a disappointment, but not having to carry around the case is wonderful.
Easy to put together, works great. Save space on your desk. You should consider this barebone as a laptop without a screen. That means that speed, items you seperately buy for it like ram, CPU and HD compare more closely with that of a laptop than with any other barebone PC. It makes this MINI PC also a little bit more expensive when you are done and less upgradeble in the future.
This switch is a convenient solution to changing from a phone line to a fax line.  I don't have to rely on automatic features that never seem to work as expected.  As long as I don't need the phone line for two things at once, I can make one phone line either a phone or fax line.
We've cut down on our telecommunications expenses by eliminating the Fax line after shutting down our business. However, we still occasionally need to send or receive faxes. This switch allows us to connect the fax when desired and disconnect it when not needed. Very convenient versus unplugging the telephone line constantly.
Works as intended. No more re-plugging telephone line cords to send a FAX. Didn't like the color (pale green) & the size of unit could have been smaller. Would recommend this to people with one telephone line and the  FAX & phone units some distance apart. Also stops advertising faxes as fax can only be received when switch is in the fax mode.
I was paying Verizon $16 per month for my fax machine telephone landline, and I rarely get faxes anymore. With this data switch, I am now able to use one phone line for voice and fax (switched to position "A" 99% of the time). If my clients need to send me a fax, I switch over to the "B" setting the fax comes through. The cost of the box (with shipping) is exactly what I was paying Verizon monthly for my fax line. I now save $191 per year. Nice.I would have given it FIVE STARS, and this is perhaps quibbling, but the box is bigger than it needs to be. Measures 6" x 4" by 2-1/4" and could be half that size. Still, I am glad to have it.
These are getting harder to find.  Only 4 stars because of its size.  Wish it was smaller.  But works great.  Don't have to fumble with my fax and phone cables with my cable modem.  Just flip the switch and fax.
Switch operates properly but size is larger than expected.Dislike your requirement for higher number of words.  Take the review as it is.
Needed a switch to toggle a phone line between phone and fax machine. Did the job. Switch, knob, box, connections on back are made well.
I was looking for a way to switch between my DSL modem and my fax machine that is built into my 3-in-1 printer, without physically unplugging phone cables.  I ordered this from another online retailer.  As others have said, it's not an attractive unit but it looks well built, has built-in rubber feet, and the knob feels solid and locks into position nicely.  Cables are not included and you will need to label the A and B positions.  With the box, I was able to send a fax and quickly switch back to my modem.  I gave it 4 stars because of how old the case looks.
This product allows for an individual to use their fax machine in addition to their phone by simply switching from basically one channel to another. It is easy to use, set up and is the best bet for using one phone line to either talk and/or fax a document.For the money this is an excellent item !
It is hooked up to my phone line so I can switch my phone line from my teliphone to fax.
My computer kept overheating and freezing, (mostly due to a poorly designed video card cooling system) even after moving items and fans around in the case. After installing this fan in an upper drive bay and leaving the speed knob set in the middle it has yet to overheat again, or even noticeably warm the top of the computer case. If you turn the speed all the way up it is quite noisy, but I've never needed to turn it past half speed. It installs into a 5.25" drive bay and works by pulling the air behind it out of the case and pushing it straight down the front of the case. I have not tried, but in theory you probably could install it upside down and it would push the hot air up and away from the case.This review may only be legally shown directly on Amazon.com
This is the only bag I've bought of RJ-11 plugs, so I don't really have anything to compare it with.  (I did it to repair cables at home, so a bag of 100 is really overkill; I'd have been happier with bags of 50 but couldn't find any.)  But, I've repaired a few phone cables with these and have had no problems with them.
If you need to get your PC case off the floor, and give it a little mobility for ease of connecting on the those occasions when you need to climb around the back and access the back panel, this is the ticket.  Very sturdy, easily adaptable to any size, this is the perfect solution.Also keeps it just high enough off the floor to avoid the much of the dust that would otherwise accumulate in and around the case.Excellent
After receiving the stand I immediately put it to use and it worked great except for (as another consumer has mentioned) when trying to roll across the floor it expands releasing the PC. This is a small glitch, and as I don't plan on moving it very often, it suits my needs just fine.
It is a great gadget to keep the tower off the floor, allowing for easy moving and cleaning without sticking to carpet or scratching a wood floor. And it is lightweight and looks especially fashionable with a black tower (think Dell).
However, when you move the item is expands and you have to adjust everything.  however, I move it very infrequently so I think I will survive being it was only $10 whee others are 3,4,5 times that amount for similar products.
We've been using two of the three units I ordered for the past couple of weeks. They seem to be functioning well and definitely are making it much easier to access the USB ports on our computers (as well as getting them up off the floor a few inches). One great feature with these is that the wheels and undercarriage on these units seems to elevate the computer a few inches more than I've seen with other similar items I've used in the past.
It works for what I need,haven't had any issues, but if your looking for a &#34;Hi-Def&#34; picture you need a much better quality adapter.Remember you generally get what you pay for.
Lots of people bashing this product.  It works just fine for me - but then again I understand that the resolution output for the "second screen" must be one that is compatible with a TV.  Otherwise you will get the blank screen or one that is full of lines..Don't let incompetence rule your judgment about a product.Update:  The RCA jack on this has never really worked consistently but the S-video has worked flawlessly.  The RCA jack has stopped working completely now.  I will have to get a S-video to RCA adapter for my current application of this adapter.Sounds funny, an adapter for an adapter but whatever makes it work for me.I reduced my initial 5 star to 4 star because of the RCA jack failing.
This arrived ahead of schedule!  Heavy duty stand and it was relatively easy to assemble.  Only took me about 30 minutes with distractions!  This is a no-nonsense stand with functionality in mind.  I've submitted a my own customer picture showing how we have this displayed on our front counter with two 17" LCD monitors.  Can't go wrong with this one.
Having had nothing but problems getting my pictures from my old digital camera's xD card to the computer, this made it possible.  When I connected it, no screen popped up to help with the transfer, and I had to go into 'My Computer' to the 'new' hardware to get it, but once I found it there, moving the pictures by click and drag made getting the pictures into the computer finally possible.  With that caveat, I would recommend it.  It handles so many different kinds of cards!
As other reviewers already mentioned, the wizard setup is gravy. The metal housing seems very solid. The design is nice. Honestly, my only complaint is the blue light in the center gets a bit distracting, but for the price. who really cares. I recommend this wifi access point for Mac or Windows users. Hard core Unix/Linux geeks might want to look into units with a built-in printer port and slightly more software configuration options.
Four stars only because it is not the latest and greatest model.This is an older model that I used to have at home and at the office (a small business).  I recently purchased it for my mom's house because I could set it up easily on the 1st floor where the cable modem was and the signal would reach full strength up to the second floor where here desktop was.  I partnered it with a Netgear USB G receiver.  Having owned it in the past I knew it would be reliable and it is, no calls from mom, it just works.I've upgraded to the newer models at home and business as I am a heavy bandwidth user and needed the N features of the newer models.  If you want a great G setup this is a good choice.
I just installed this router and was a bit doubtful if it would live up to its name. Actually, the installation is pretty straightforward and, in about 20 minutes, I had wireless in every corner of my house.
This product is good works well and no problems so far... would recommend to everyone interested in this type of product
This router was a nice surprise, in combination with the PCI wireless card.  I was having trouble getting a signal to the front of the house, and was skeptical since it only cost me $24 on sale.  But I have a nice strong signal with the top speed.The only issue I had was in configuration.  It came out of the box with the access limitations set to disabled 24/7...very odd.  So I spent an hour trying to figure out why even my wired connection wouldn't work.  Once that was solved, it was great.
I'd reccomend immediately upgrading to the latest firmware when you get this router.  Before I did i was getting dropped wireless connections every 30 seconds or so and it would take 5-10 minutes to finally "dhcp" itself an IP address so we could get on the internet through it.  After upgrading formware, the problems went away immediatley.  I got my fastest download over our cable modem so far: 830kBps (>6.6mbps).  My old wireless router had a max connect speed for 5.4mbps...The web interface is not the best i've seen, but it gets the job done.  I think they should have hired a web designer to come up with a slicker and more user friendly one, but this is no biggie.It's a decent device once it gets working, but i have read other people having the same problems i initially experienced with other AirLink products.  It's worth the really slim price you can usually find them at if you don't mind a little bit of messing around with it.  I personally got it for 22.99 on sale from 49.99...
I got this modem for just 10$ in the thanks giving sale, and I am too happy with its performance. It beat my D-Link router in performance. The speed is awesome and working great with no hang ups as my old D-Link router does. Finally, I want to suggest this router if you are looking for a cheap and best performing router. I have no complaints so far...
I was a little surprised to see the negative reviews on this product. I bought mine after pricing other units and finding this one to be the lowest cost. Others questioned its reliability, so I was concerned about taking this on a camping trip. But switching between the car and ac adapter was easy and my partner & I ran both our iBooks and her iPod from the one adapter over a two week trip. It's been great. I use it all the time now.
The Router was very easy to setup out of the box. configuring the firewall was ok, depends on how strict you want the firewall rules to be.
The vendor shipped me a unit that did not match the picture on Amazon.  I contacted him and was then send another unit that more closely matched the picture.  It works just fine.
I just rec'd the Norwood Micro PCI tv tuner with wireless remote.  It was inexpensive and I was skeptical about how good it would be.  I am amazed at how easy it was to install - went in and up in just over 15 minutes.  It would have been faster but I didn't follow the directions the first time and had to re-install.  My office is now a den with a PC and a TV.  How cool is that?
This cooler is AWESOME!!  My computer used to crash all the time after long periods of being on... However, I accidentally left my computer on for the whole weekend without any crash from overheating. I concurrently installed this with a Zalman as I was looking for an overall cooling upgrade to cool my computer.The only reason that I am rating it as 4**** rather than 5***** is because it is not a perfect fit into my double hard drive case.  It sticks out a bit.  Well-made product and a great addition to cooling your computer. .Noise Level: Quiet!! I did not notice any relevant dB level increase.I strongly suggest upgrading the HD cooler as well as the Zalman CPU cooler in an effort to cool your computer and increase efficiency.  My computer is a different cool animal after the installation.  It just forces you to appreciate the importance of cooling an electronic device in basically anything.
Though not available now on Amazon, easy to find elsewhere by web search.This device does work as advertised and will fit into a coat pocket; weight is about 7 oz. Fundamentally, it's an external USB2 drive once you actually put your own laptop HD into it. Surprisingly, the manual gave absolutely no information about installing the drive, but was easily done when the case was opened by removing four very tiny screws. Transfer any files you want to it from your PC or Mac by drag-and-drop in explorer. With WinXP, no special driver is needed. Tvisto Lite's specialty, of course, is the ability to view videos or JPG still photos by simply plugging into the composite or S-video inputs on a TV using the supplied cable. The cable uses a proprietary connector, so don't break or lose it; do that and you're SOL unless the manufacturer can replace it.The user interface comes up on the TV screen when you hook it up and turn it on. Four categories are displayed: photos, music, movies, and files. Selecting a category then displays thumbnails for items within the category. Tvisto is not too practical as an MP3 music player unless you don't mind using your TV in this way. Photos look great, and run as a slide show, fading from one to the next. They can be zoomed and rotated.Now for the main act: movies. Supported formats include AVI, MPG, divX and XviD. The manual describes the last two as codecs based on MPEG-4. Not supported is WMV, Quicktime, and Flashvideo, though I was able to use software to convert all of these to supported formats. I tried to view downloaded video files having a .MPEG extension but these were not recognized for some reason. Also, a file with .MP4 as an extension didn't work. Native support of WMV would be great, but that's an issue between Microsoft and hardware manufacturers. Bottom line: videos played from this to your TV look as good as from DVD if the source files are decent quality.Also included with the Tvisto Lite is a power supply, since there is no battery, and a tiny infrared remote control which is very handy. It seems flimsy, so I'm hoping for the best on that. It sort of crunches when buttons are pressed. Several functions are available only on the remote.The manual is exceptionally clear and well-written, and not cluttered with languages other than English. The website is also well laid out.Players such as the Tvisto don't seem very common, but may well be the next big thing in personal technology.
We were running out of hard drive space on our computers, so I started looking into how we could add more storage. Our home network consists of two notebook PCs and one eMac, so I knew that whatever we got would have to be external, rather than a cheaper internal drive.When I first looked at Network Attached Storage (NAS) I loved the idea. Just plug a hard drive into the router and every computer can access the drive regardless of which computers happened to be on. However, all the NAS drives that I saw were really expensive (per gig) compared to the USB/Firewire drives that plug directly into one computer.Then a salesman at a brick&mortor; store showed me this kit. Add an inexpensive internal hard drive, and presto, for just a little more than I was going to pay for an external USB drive, I have a higher capacity NAS drive.Installation was simple. Unscrew the top. Lift out the bay. Plug in the ribbon cable and the power cable to the drive. Screw in the drive. Screw on the top. Plug the box into the wall for power. Attach the box to the router with an ethernet cable. The physical connections took less than 10 min. The documentation is pretty skimpy. It doesn't give you any specs on what type of drives work, etc, but it worked with the drive I happened to purchase.When I turned everything on, I went to the web based admin screens. This is where the documentation is absimal, and pretty much leaves you on your own. I had to figure out on my own that I had to format the hard drive, add folders, and set passwords (in that order). The password protection is pretty wimpy (a single password per folder), but since this is a home network, we don't need anything more robust.The kit came with a support CD; however, I never used it.The kit did not come with an ethernet cable; I had to supply my own.The kid did come with a USB cable; however I have not tried the USB connection.
I recently bought this notebook and am extremely happy with it. I have had no problems with it whatsoever, but I bought it on site, instead of having it shipped. I've added more memory and it works perfectly for all of my business needs.
This item works as advertised but does have one slight draw back that is annoying for me.ProsEasy to setup and usePlenty of range(I still got signal over 50 feet away in a heavy commercial building)Works right out of the box(Just set the switches and go like the instructions say)ConsThe only power supply they included is a wired in big bulky power brick for a device that only uses 350MA at less than 5VDC.The least they should have done is include a usb cord and usb the ac wall adapter. As is in some of the remote locations I was going to use this in it will not work unless I can find some other way around this issue.Wish I had known that before I bought it, but it is still a great product for the price.
This is a pretty good machine for a beginner. It serves my purpose because I bought it as a gift for my brother. He is happy about it.
My problem was my HP monitor that lacked the holes in the back for mounting it. This was the only solution I found. It isn't as flexible as I wanted but will have to do.
This is a really great monitor, for the price!  Color is good, but the screen is hard to see if you are looking at it from an angle.  Also, the speakers for this monitor are not very good.  I recommend using different speakers.  The screen only tilts back and forth and you can not adjust the monitor's height.  All in all, it suits my needs as a monitor for my home computer and it takes up MUCH less space!
This is a great model because it can be put into a WiFi ethernet "bridge" mode (with the latest firmware updates, which are no longer available from Airlink101) that can directly connect any two devices with ethernet connections using its wireless local area network (LAN). With an ethernet bridge, no additional WiFi card or USB device is needed. However, these devices seem to fail from time-to-time as they are aging.
Ditch the AutoSync software, it is limited in scope and buggy as well. This is your data we're talking about here. Sony just does not do software well (read: "root kit" fiasco).But the drive itself is excellent, albeit bulkier than I would like (in all fairness it IS miraculously small for a hard drive). You can get greater capacity at USB stick size, but this has faster read/write times than Flash, so that is the tradeoff to keep in mind. I recommend reformatting it to NTFS for increased performance. This may prove tricky at first, but a Google search on the topic should yield helpful clues.
Purchased card--all went well on my XP system when I finallylocated a suitable driver on their disk.  I still use it frequentlyfor my camcorder downloads. Came with a nice cable too.Can't beat the price.
Con esta tarjeta PCI se agregan 2 buses IDE para equipos que ya no traen IDE  interno, solo SATA. La velocidad es muy buena, pero debe revisar antes si su equipo tiene conectores de electricidad para IDE porque los de SATA son diferentes.
This is a USB WiFi dongle, packaged with a very functional folding/bend adapter. The folding USB connector thing is a separate piece that can be used with any USB device. When used with the USB WiFi dongle, it allows you to position the dongle for best reception.WiFi reception is above average. Unit is made in Taiwan, not China so the quality is very good. Not flimsy, has a solid feel, all in a sturdy case.The pricing on this is all over the place. I bought mine at a local electronics outlet for $5.00  The internet price average is about $40, which is over-priced. The "retail" price from the manufacturer is $19.95 - a fair price.Installation is very easy. The only minor annoyance is that there is no place to put the dongle cap, so you risk losing it.Overall - A great product, in a solid case. With free bending USB port adapter! Uses a Prism chipset, which is very common.
Overall not bad for the money, but some very irritating issues.1st and foremost the only DVD's that the unit will recognize and give information for are originals.  That means if you copied any movies, all the player will show is some generic name that you can edit, no info and no options to give it that info. About half of my movies are copied. The interface would be nice if all of your movies were store bought.  Also the info it does provide is the bare minimum.  The previous setup on my media center PC showed way more info.2nd, don't buy this expecting to be able to copy anything from your harddrive to disc except for NTSC t.v shows.  That is the only option they give you. I had 10's of hours of home video that I hoped to transfer easily to disc, but you just cant do it with the current software.3rd, yea it is real big, but it stays cool and is very quiet except when it searches for a disc in I think a reasonable time.4th, it is real picky with scratched DVD's or CD's
I'm embarking on an ambitious CD ripping project (4500+) and was looking for something like this, so that I wouldn't be a slave to my PC for the next year or so. Found one of these second-hand on ebay, as they're no longer available anywhere else.  Took me a little while to get it up and running with Vista, but it's working great now.  3rd-party software is now available to do batch ripping with this unit. I'm using software provided by DBPoweramp.  I'm converting everything to FLAC.  I did a test run with 15 CD's, and it worked great.  The MediaCenter software works, too, but it's pretty clumsy compared with the DBPoweramp, which cost only about thirty-five bucks. DBPoweramp will let you rip to just about any codec you want, including FLAC and Apple Lossless and all of the lossy formats.  You can also batch convert between any format with DBPoweramp. I'll end up saving thousands from what I would have spent with a ripping service. Based on my trial run, it looks like it will take about 20 hours or so to rip 200 CD's, but it's truly "fire-and-forget," so I figure, I'll just load it up once a day until I'm done.
I purchased a unit in December for twice the price that is listed now. Yes it took some time to load 200 dvds but the operation was flawless. I  also own a Sony Cx985v which holds 400 DVDs. Although the unit performs fine the disc filing feature was a nightmare. I had to type titles in and it was slooow.Now my wife can search for a movie and play it without a problem. I am also in the process adding a xbox 360 to extend the video and audio to other rooms. I plan to order another unit and daisy chain them together. I agree with a previous reveiwer. Media Servers are thousands of dollars. My entire investment is under $ 1500 excluding the dvds.Even if you decide to purchase a monster hard drive(a higher cost) you still have work around the copy protection on the DVD.
Used this with new 3M mousing surface for a greatly improved mousing experience. You will be glad you tried it.
My company has been a Thinkpad shop since the late 20th Century, when IBM used to make them and, me working there, I've been blessed with a succession of T- models with the T60 being my current appliance.I will not go into the specs because they are all listed here and, I'm sure, everything is true. From a user point of view, I find the T-series quite adequate for corporate or business-related activities. Its looks are professional, 'mid-management', not expected to be seen with a true techie or salesperson. It would be unlikely for someone buying one of these for home use but, if one finds this product compelling for a home business, it is likely to serve its purpose well.Based on my nearly 10 years experience with Thinkpads, I will testify that they tend to be well-built, reliable products, likely to withstand 2-3 years of daily use quite well. I remember that the T-40 I had before my current T-60, after 3 years had its black paint peeling off but it was still working.To summarize:+ Reliable - I recall of only one major incident in 10 years of Thinkpad heavy use.+ Relatively good keyboard - I use mine mostly on a docking station but the laptop's own keyboard serves me well when I need it.+ The red index-finger-operated knob used to move the pointer and which was first used by IBM on a laptop is the perfect interface for me. It's probably the best way to move a pointer on the screen when your fingers are on the keyboard.+ Excellent I/O capabilities.+ Integrates will with Thinkpad's own docking station.+ Memory is easy to expand.+ Easy to service due to well-thought, modular design.+ Solid, shock-resistant, titanium build.- Dull, all-black, titanium looks.- The standard battery won't give you a lot of play time. Maybe 9 minutes on day one and it then degrades quickly to about one hour. You will need the 'extended life' battery if you need 2-3 hours of unplugged run.- Tends to get quite hot. If you are using this while in bed, which I do given the 24/7 nature of my job you better place a pillow on your lap or you are going to feel very uncomfortable.- Some keyboard or rather 'text input' issues. I noticed both on W2K and Vista and both with the laptop's keyboard and an external keyboard that, sometimes, when one types fast, which I do, the cursor jumps on its own to another line. This is annoying.- Many proprietary and usually expensive expansions: the power adapter, the docking station, the extra-life battery - they could set you back quite a few dollars.
Reviewed by:  Mike Burns, Alaska Apple User Group MemberProduct:  iSkin Vibes for iPod nano (Second Generation)Made by:  iSkinPrice:  $24.99Pro:  Fits the nano very well.  Protective skin is tough.  Image on the skin looks very stylish.  Skin allows for all functions including plug-ins.Con:  Clear screen cover not clear.  iSkin covers up the center wheel.Moose Rating:  4I got this for my granddaughter and her new nano.  I was surprised that the package included a clear plastic screen cover.  The screen cover came with adhesive strips on it to help with sticking it on the nano screen.  But when the adhesive strips were removed they left some residual glue on the plastic.This glue was difficult to remove without scratching the plastic strip.  In the end we just threw the small plastic strip cover away.The nano slipped into the iSkin cover neatly without any trouble.  The image on the cover that I reviewed is called "Cactus Party".  It is a special designer graphic by renowned artist Simone Legno of tokidoki.  The kid loves the design and is proud to show it off.  Naturally she has managed to drop, toss, slide, cram, bang and squeeze it.  Not only does the nano keep working but the cover doesn't show any signs of wear.  She hasn't burnt or cut it yet but if she did I think the Skin is tough enough to take that too.The iSkin does completely cover the center wheel but it has indentations that mimic the wheel functions.  Once you have the positions of the wheel memorized you don't really need to see it and you can easily feel the correct function.  Nevertheless it would still be nice to be able to see the wheel perhaps with a clear area of the same material that the rest of the iSkin is made of however, this is a minor issue.  I like this product and I believe that it is useful and worth the price.  I give it a rating of 4 on the Moose Scale.  My granddaughter really likes it also.
4 starts because if you put the drive in use about 20 minutes its heat too mucho. Maybe more cooling is better. I prefer the noise of the cooling and not that heat.
The reviewer that put it in the drawer just needed to go to the manufacturers website and download the driver that works with Macintosh computers.Once that is done, and it's very easy, this phone performs great!  I've had no trouble at all with it and the price is very reasonable.  Audio quality is very good.  My only compliant is that the cord is probably longer than it needs to be, but better that than being too short.
This is an excellent product.I needed to modify the mounting tabs to suit my Asus motherboard.I think the mounting mechanism for this water block could be improved.It's too easy for the block to become misaligned if the hoses have any kind of tension.However, this deficiency is the same for other products of this class.
I needed to custom fabricate a mounting rig for my Asus AM2 motherboard combination.Otherwise, I am extremely satisfied.
I initially had issues with the mouse maintaining connection with my computer. I found a software application from Yahoo that kept disconnecting it. Once the software was removed I have had very little trouble. The mouse is comfortable to use and has quick response during my gaming. I have recommended this mouse to some of the other people that participate with me on line in Counter Strike.
This is an excellent universal Cable Lock for any device with a laptop style lock receptacle on it. A "pro" is that you don't have to remember a combination because it is keyed but you do have to remember not to lose your keys. Fortunately it comes with two keys so you can put one in a safe place. I've never had a problem with the lock mechanism as can be the case with the the combination locks. I've heard horror stories of the combination locks resetting themselves to a new combination so no worries there. It also is of sufficient length and I've never had to hunt too hard to find a good securing point. Overall excellent lock. Just don't lose your keys.
These airport basestations are a good choice for the price conservative person. The M5757 has a modem, ethernet jack, and power jack. You can have up to eleven people all sharing an internet conection at the same time. You can also create a network with 11 other computers. This basestation does not have airtunes, or usb printing. This basestation will work with ALL 802.11b and 802.11g products. 802.11g products are almost always (apples all are) backwords compatible with 802.11b products. The thing is, 80211g products will only run as fast as 802.11b will let them... 11mbps. That is still plenty fast for internet use, and fast enough for most networks. Hopes this review helps someone!
I ordered the Vyper M2 for my previous generation 15" Macbook Pro. What came in the package today is the Taipan version of the laptop sleeve for Macbook Pros. I ordered the Vyper to match my Booq Vyper briefcase. But, looking at the Taipan, it seems like a perfectly acceptable substitute. And, as far as I can tell, Booq has replaced the Vyper sleeves with the Taipan versions. So, if you really need the Vyper, beware this vendor. But if you will accept the Taipan (as I did), this vendor shipped promptly.
Thank you Excelsus for making just exactly the very small piece of plastic that I needed to restore my DSL connection to its former state of health!Hungry for Yuri? Have some Okazu!
This mouse works great for me. I bought one used and have no troubles with it. It paired with the built-in bluetooth of my Dell laptop with no issues. I don't have the USB receiver so I have no idea how that works. Oh, the bluetooth passkey that finally worked for me is 0000 (four zeros).
I was a little concerned at first because I had heard several mixed reviews, but I haven't had any problems with it in my Dell Axim x51v.
I was worried that this card would not work in my Palm T/X. When I first plugged it in the PDA said it couldn't recognized the memory card. So I followed the advice in one of the reviews here by setting up some files in the card by using the card reader on my computer. I transferred a Palm file from a smaller memory card that works in my PDA to this 4GB card. My computer had no problem recognizing the card or the memory capacity of it, even though my computer is almost 3 yrs. old (I did NOT buy any special device to handle or read a 4GB card for my computer). Once I put a the file on the memory card I put it back into the T/X and it recognized it right away - and showed the proper memory capacity of the card. After this I loaded approx. 50 CD's worth of music onto it and my Palm (using the PocketTunes program that was included with the PDA) pulled up every single music file. This card is great for my music storage!! I plan on buying more of these cards so that I can travel with my whole music collection stored on only a few 4GB cards.
Great idea, a 4gb sd card. However, my computer see's it as 1gb, my pocket pc see's it as 1gb, and my digital camera see's it as 1gb. Great if you have sompthing that can use it...
Haven't had any problems with it yet. But it was easy to install (if you have a basic idea on how to install stuff into the computer itself)and haven't had any problems yet. Works very fast and I will update this if anything goes wrong. Got it at a good price too and theres only one left it seems.
My husband gave me the Toshiba as my birthday present. The fan gets too noisy every minute when picks up speed. Is that a normal behavior?
This is my second satellite and I'm still amazed by the performance.Very good price/quaity combination!
It took me 4 trips and a bit of begging to get Toshiba to replace my motherboard (I think it was the connection to the power supply), but now that it works, it's pretty good. A bit heavy, but what do you want with a huge screen? I know several people that have had problems with Toshiba hardware; luckily, their service is better than Dell's.Now, if we could get Dell reliability with Toshiba service...
This is a good, fast, basic wireless N router. The Securespot Software the other reviewer complains about is an optional, for-pay menu selectable item, which is easily turned off. Furthermore, you can download a firmware from D-Link that omits the Securespot software. In either case, the Securespot software can be quickly done without.
Great machine and Mac/OS es another world far better than windows. This notebook has 2 weak points in my view:1) It doesn't offer descent speakers. So if you work with video and you need to play something in a presentation you will have a hard time because the volume is really low.2) Black color is great, but it gets dirty quite easily. You need to polish the computer daily in order not to look like a pig or lear to live with it as a pig with all your fingerprints over the pearl black color of your mac.
I'm very happy purchasing my first Mac book after being a PC person ever since I started using computers. I only give this a 4 1/2 starts because its not perfect, but its a nice change from using a PC. After I saw Vista was pre-installed on every PC laptop out there, I thought that a mac that can run both OS and Windows XP was right up my ally. Overall this is a nice machine that is powerful, stable, and for the most part very easy to use. I have yet to tinker with what a mac has to offer, but I don't mind learning, since Mircosofts failure to provide was a blessing for Macs alike. There are only a few things l'd like to point out on the designs. The way you rest your hands, the edges feel sharp on your palms, so prolong periods of typing isn't going to be very confertable. Other then the minor adjustments, this hardware matches up nicely to any laptop even for the price, this is the better investment.
I bought this laptop over many of the cheaper PC's, mostly because you couldn't fine a new one without Vista.  OS X is a wonderfully awesome, the graphics astounded me right out of the box.  But for a 5-year Windows user, it was very confusing when i tried to install applications that just needed to be dragged into the Apps folder, but the documentation included as a booklet and as a pdf file helped me through it.One of the "problems" Ive noticed is the battery life, which, even in energy-saving mode, is only about 3 hours.  But since I haven't taken the laptop away from the charger for a long period of time, I don't know the real amount.Over-all, Mac's have many features that I wish windows do, including the wonderful Dashboard, xcode, and iLife, just to name a few.  And if you love windows guess what: you can run windows with Parallels which runs smoothly for me even with 512 RAM.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality laptop with quality software available for it.
We purchased this laptop for my wife, as she is a dedicated Mac user.  However, as the resident IT department for the family, I get the joy of setting it all up and keeping OS X, Ubuntu, and Vista all playing together happily.First of all, the transfer of all her settings, files, apps, etc from the old iBook was a snap.  During the set up, it asks if you already own a Mac, and once you click yes, it walks you through connecting the two together via Firewire, and transferring everything.  At the end, you boot up the new computer, log in as normal, and you are good to go.The speed is good for daily word processing, spreadsheets, web, and photo sharing. I bought 2GB of memory from Fry's and popped them in first thing, so I'm not sure what it would have been like with only the original 512MB.  I'd definitely recommend getting the memory 3rd party though, as the same thing would have cost 4 times as much through Apple.Te monitor is bright and clear at its native 1280 x 800, and even hold up well to scaling lower resolution images.  The glossy screen really seems to help, as I've noticed with my own Sony.  The keyboard it a bit different from the old iBook, and takes some getting used to, but it not too bad.  (They've added a bezel that separates all of the keys rather than a single keyboard insert.)Finally, we tweaked a couple of settings, and handed it off to my wife.  Her philosophy with computers is... "I just want to turn it on and use it!" and this fits the bill nicely.  She does get to miss out on the Windows World joy of re-installing all her apps, and getting all of her settings, preferences, and bookmarks back where she is used to them, but hey... you can't have everything!
If you read this long-winded review you'll notice that I'll nitpick quite a bit. As a sort of a Cliff's notes, just look at the rating; overall I'm quite happy with it, though it has its annoyances here and there.I've never been a Mac person, never owned one until I purchased this Macbook. I bought it to replace my Thinkpad, which I really like and will, to a degree, naturally compare the Macbook to.The only reason I even considered a Mac in the first place is because of Apple's wise decision to create Boot Camp, the utility allowing you to easily install and dual-boot any Intel-based Mac with Windows.The screen is nice, I was a bit apprehensive of having a laptop with a glossy screen, fearing glare would be a plaguing problem. I admit I have not used it outside much, but in all of the various places I have used it, it has proved to be a non-issue for me.The magnetic power plug is a nice idea, however I find it a bit more annoying than useful. The idea is to make a snag-free power cable; it has a fair amout of resistance if you pull on it straight outwards, but from an angle, i.e. a pet or child tripping up on it, the cable will easily disconnect from the laptop. It's a nice idea and can potentially prevent an expensive accident, but I find that it can easily disconnect from just maneuvering it around a bit on my bed. It's not a big deal though, and pretty much a non issue if it's on a table or desk.The keyboard is slightly odd at first, but I quickly grew to like the feel. The key layout, however, is another story. Possibly the thing I liked most about my Thinkpad was its keyboard, they have the best keyboards on any laptop in my opinion. My primary grudge with the Mac keyboard is the page up/down and home/end positioning. The Thinkpad has dedicated keys for this, all in the same layout as a standard full-sized keyboard for a desktop. The Macbook, however, makes it a funtion (FN key) + arrow key function.I also use the delete key all the time (delete in PC terms, not Mac terms). On a PC, backspace will delete the character behind the cursor, and delete will delete the character in front of the cursor. I use both quite a bit, so I like having a seprate key for both. With the Macbook, however, the "delete" key is backspace, and to delete the character in front of you you have to press FN + delete. But if you never use these keys often, obviously it's not an issue for you.The touch pad is very nice. I loved the red pointer on my Thinkpad, I far prefer it to any touch pad. That said, The Macbook touch pad is huge, I'd say a good 40% larger than any other touch pad I've seen (it's actually slightly wider than the space bar). This makes a huge difference, eliminating the cramped feeling I usually get when using touch pads. Just as importantly though is scrolling. To scroll you just use two fingers on the touch pad instead of one, dragging up/down or left/right. It's brilliant, and you get used to it almost immediately.One major complaint I have with the Macbook though is both the lack of a multimedia port (c'mon, even just an SD card reader would've been nice) and the lack of an expansion slot (so if you want to plug in your SD card, for instance, you're forced to use an external USB device). This also makes a Macbook out of the question if you require the use of a Sprint/Verizon Wireless Broadband card. I understand Apple's need to differentiate between their Macbook and Macbook Pro, but I don't think the lack of an expansion slot should have been one of them.I never use my laptop with an external display, but if you do, you'll have to buy an adapter from the mini-DVI interface on the Mabook. One could reasonably argue they did this to save space, but I would find it irritating if I needed to connect my Macbook to an external display.One thing I simply cannot fathom coming from the PC side is Apple's stubborn refusal to have two mouse buttons. This is especially bad for booting into XP, if you can't use an external mouse you need to use a keyboard re-mapper to get a right click. But this is even annoying in OS X. You can plug in a standard generic two button mouse in OS X and the right click works perfectly; why then do they refuse to implement two buttons on their laptops? It's obviously  not an issue for a Mac Mini/iMac/PowerMac since you can just swap mice, but it's using a double finger tap to right click is a completely inadequate substitute.A few miscellaneous things:-I really like how the USB ports are side by side instead of stacked (probably to help keep the chassis thin)-I also like the full 6-pin Firewire port.-The magnetic lid is really nifty,-The built-in camera is worthless to me, I would've much preferred a light to illuminate the keyboard like the Thinkpads have (since they won't give them illuminated keyboards like the MBPs have).-I love the overall dimensions, it's the main reason I bought this to replace my Thinkpad.
I really like this macbook. It looks great. The keyboard area tends to get a bit greasy with use. I really like the keyboard. Performance wise. Seems to be really good for the price. Does heat up a bit as all macbooks pro and powerbooks. Bootcamp makes being mac os user way easier. Now you have the best of both worlds. The only thing I found dissappointing about this machine was the lack of 3d support. This machine will be a dissapointment for  gamers. I wish apple would somehow make a portable 12, 13 inch laptop. Be it a macbook (customizable perhaps)or a macbook pro. I guess I'll change this baby for a vaio Sz and make it run on Mac os.
I already used the Macbook Pro for over a year now and I picked this up for my wife to replace her older laptop. After testing it out for a month already, I do recommend this laptop.For close to half the price of the Macbook Pro, it includes a lot of the features: great build quality, simple and elegant looks, and blazingly fast performance. It also would be the choice mac for people on the go as it does have better battery life and a smaller form factor.Definitely, I would have liked a few things: 2GB of RAM would be on par with similar PC models and the monitor adaptor should have been included in the box rather than charging $20 as an accessory. I think for the extra money spent on the black finish, these extra's should have been included.Aside from that, my wife loves the lappy which is the most important thing for me!
I bought a build-to-order version of this machine from Apple educational with 2GB of RAM. If one uses the Macintouch link to purchase this from Amazon you get a better deal and help out a web site that provides great Mac tech support.Thus far I've gone through user migration, several days of light use, and one test of Parallels (which was disappointing). It's definitely worth the money and its one of the best laptops I've bought (I do miss my 1990 vintage PowerBook 165 though!). I've  been nursing my broken-hinges G3 iBook so I could get the 2nd rev of the MacBook, it was worth the wait. I don't see any evidence of the serious heat problems that afflicted the first MacBook and I assume they've mostly fixed the abrupt shutdown problem.  The odd looking keyboard is fine and the large trackpad works well -- though I'm not sure the tap-to-click is worth the occasional errant clicks. The accompanying documentation is extremely minimal but very well done and sufficient for most users. Those who need more probably wouldn't read a bigger manual anyway.You should be happy, especially since the rest of my review will prepare you for the minor annoyances.Now that I'm done saying nice things, here are the nits. Firstly, it's too sharp. Some whacko at Apple design figured 'sharp' was in this year, and the edges of the case annoy wrists when typing and fingers when carrying by the base. This is not all bad; it ensures good wrist position because it's uncomfortable to type wresting your wrists on the front edge. Dumb.The screen is the DVD-friendly widescreen form factor, so the 13.3" is less useable for computing work (photos, etc) than one would wish. Annoying, but hard to escape these days. It comes with a remote for watching DVDs and listening to music, but really I'd rather have had the original iBook form factor. Compared to my older 12" iBook the machine is thinner, longer, wider and about the same weight. The fans run often, are very audible, and can be very noisy, but the base is not excessively hot. PowerPC (legacy applications that invoke Rosetta when used) cause fans to run and the battery to decline quickly.The battery is twice the size of the G4's and yields comparable or less battery life. I'm unimpressed with the power/heat/performance ratio of Intel's hyped architecture; I had to really drop the screen brightness to get a reasonable battery life. The conversion from PowerPC to Intel has thus far underwhelmed me, especially since I was disappointed with Parallels (see below). The machine, for example, takes longer to sleep -- making it much too easy to run off with with a spinning hard drive. You have to shut the case and look for the cycling sleep light.In terms of connectors I don't miss the modem. The video connector seems proprietary, but I'm used to that from Apple. The VGA and DVI cables are reasonably priced and I bought both (check what comes with this machine). The ability to support two desktops is the one really big improvement over the G4 iBook.The built in camera is silly. It's low resolution with a tiny lens and awful performance with ambient indoor light. The MagSafe power connector is impressive, even though it means there won't be non-Apple licensed chargers for this machine. Apple has retained the rest of their power adapter design, which has been the best in the industry. (I'm big on power adapters as a leading indicator of product excellence).The MacBook comes with less bundled software than the iBook and much less than my G5 iMac. In part that may be because Apple probably wants to avoid non-"universal" (intel-compatible) apps and in part to reduce support costs and product cost. You get Apple's superb iLife apps, some simple games, OmniOutliner, and a "comic" generator. No encyclopedia, etc.I used Apple's user migration to move 3 user accounts, software, files, etc from an old, old iBook. This requires a firewire cable, so IF YOU WANT TO DO USER MIGRATION BUY OR BORROW A FIREWIRE CABLE. The firewire cable is not included with this MacBook. The migration process is well integrated into initial setup and, all by itself, probably pays for any price difference between the bottom-of-the-barrel Dell laptop and the MacBook. I did run across some minor cleanup tasks, but the iBook had very old stuff. Migration takes longer than you expect and periodically pauses for long minutes; it's not frozen, just thinking. Start it and come back in a few hours.I bought the InCase neoprene sleeve to protect the MacBook when it's carried in a bag or backpack. It's a handsome, well made case, but it desperately needs some thin, lightweight strap-type nylon carrying handles. Sigh. I guess they omitted them for price and aesthetic reasons, but I recommend looking for something with straps. Not recommended.Also not-yet-recommended is the famous Parallels Windows emulation environment. I downloaded the trial version and attempted to install Windows 98. Ugh. Awful. Wasted hours. I don't know if it's this bad with every machine or if they've not tuned it to the new MacBook. Flawed documentation, flawed auto-configuration. slow, huge power drain, didn't work, etc. I may try XP with Parallels once I recover. I strongly recommend testing Parallels before you buy. If you do install XP and enable network access you are paying for XP, Parallels, and an antivirus solution.The bottom line is that this looks like a good OS X laptop without some of the flaws of the first MacBook. Since any OS X laptop is an improvement over an XP laptop it's an excellent choice for everyone. If you intend to run Windows software I think Apple's Boot Camp (separate download) may be more reliable and elegant than Parallels.
Buena computadora ,  Linda presentacion, larga duracion en la bateria , rapida , sistema operativo excelente... vale la pena por el precio...No le doy 5 por que no es la Mac book pro..
I had just recently acquired this machine and my overall impression so far is that it is a fantastic product. The laptop itself is very light, compact and manageable. You could take it with you pretty much anywhere with little hassle. Apple has tried to improve on the battery life, which they did slightly, so kudos to that. Expect to get about 4 hours of heavy usage, with Bluetooth and WiFi on.From the design point of view, it is a sharp looking machine. Great curves, thin profile and the glossy screen are just a few to name. Apple incorporated an iSight camera into the screen which was a smart move. It is amazing how much time you can spend playing with it. PhotoBooth is just simply addictive. The keyboard is not entirely my favorite design choice. They keys lie flat and are an actual part of the computer. You cannot remove the keyboard like in previous Apple laptops. I am still gettting used to typing on it. The color white is wonderful for about five days, but then you start noticing all kinds of dirt on the machine. You will need to clean it regularly to kep it looking stunning.I have noticed with this computer that the system is actually a bit shaky. Every once in a while I will get a horrible black screen prompting me to restart the computer. That has never happened on my PowerBook G4 17" model, and it is highly annoying. I have also noticed that Safari freezes up quite a bit on this model. Very curious and frustrating as well.To summarize, a wonderful eye candy of a machine, great new design and a portable companion.
Very good machine at a good price.Please be aware that it does not come with cables to connect to other screen or projector. You need to purchase the cable separately. (mini dvi to vga)
Purchased the MacBook from Amazon on 1/16/2007 and have been trying to submit an online rebate since. Amazon appears to have handed its rebates off to [...] and seems like this outfit is just another scam like most other rebates, which I've never received. Here I've tried to submit the rebate online and have tried it on different computers. I get to step three and it tells me that 'too much time has elapsed' and wants me to log in again. I clear the cookies shut down the browser and try again. Same thing. Quite apparent that it has been programmed to play this game so that the rebate cannot be submitted online. And I very well know what the chances are of submitting it by mail and getting anything. So beware..! Also submitting my information to this rebatehq outfit is probably getting me on another e-mail spam list to be sold around.!!
Great protection.  Clickwheel works like its not even there.  I use an adhesive screen protector along with it.  Attaches to your armband and will not fall off.  Buy it...Love it!
I've always gone with wireless keyboards and mouse, kind needed thing since my computer is an HTPC.  I've owned the a wireless Logitech keyboard and mouse, and owned a cheap 2.4GHz one I got from Wal Mart.  The Logitech was a good one, though not a covered one, but I had to replace it with a USB one when my old motherboard PS/2 ports went dead.  The one a got from Wal Mart failed after 6 months, so when Circuit City was closing its doors found this for 25 dollars in.  Out of every Wireless I've owned other then the Logitech this one has lasted me the longest.  The setup was ease, if you do not wish to download and install the drives from Microsoft no worries it simply plug n' play; even the media keys work.  The drives are really handy if you have Windows Vista Home Premium or Windows 7 and you would like the take advantage of the 3D flip in Aero.The wireless range on the Keyboard is about 1m to 7m's, For the mouse is about 1m to about 3m's.  The mouse is more sinitive to interference from other wireless devices then the keyboard is, so keep that in mind.  Plus with the mouse it has to be pretty much in line of site withe the receiver, but for me that is no problem.I do recommend this wireless combo, and it is still working like new even after 2 years.
This keyboard/mouse is easy to set up and slimline.  One negative thing about the keyboard is it's very easy to delete emails as you're writing them.  This has happened to me several times, including writing this review.  It's very frustrating since there's no way to recover.
iMacs are basically glorified laptops with several mobile components.  There could be a higher risk of component failure.  Repairing them yourself is not an option since its not a regular desktop where you can swap one bad component out for another.  I bought a refurb iMac from Apple.  2 weeks into it, it started shutting itself off intermittently - just a complete off, as if someone yanked the power cable.  Apple support is excellent, and its a totally different experience than finding out a repair center to send some PC product (3rd party contracted service providers). I took it to the nearest Apple Store (65 miles away), and they took it in.  In 2 weeks, I got my iMac back, with a brand new logicboard.  That was in mid-2007.  Fast forward to 2009.  The iMac started freezing completely intermittently - and after 20 mins of doing nothing, I get the Mac's "Black-Screen-Of-Death", which follows a kernel panic.  First time I took it in, they did give me the run-around, trying to blame the Crucial.com RAM I installed.  But, they changed my hard drive and returned the iMac. No luck.  Took it back in, and after 2 weeks, I got it back, again, with a new logicboard.  Even though I lost some time ... the customer service experience with Apple is far far better and satisfactory than others I've had to go through.  My AppleCare protection extends till 2010 and I for sure think it is worth every single $.
I'm the kind of power users that Internet service providers hate. As in anywhere from 250GB to over 1TB of data transfer per month.  My connection is close to maxed out 24/7.  This router has survived a real pounding on my part.I've used a lot of the features of this router, like custom ports and fixed IP addresses for devices regularly connected to it, wired and wireless, multiple security protocols, firmware update (to full wireless N), etc., all without significant problems, other that I had to do the firmware flash twice, and the firmware upgrade process isn't documented well (a problem with the vendor's website, and firmware README files, not with this router).The 834M "plays nice" with both Motorola and Scientific Atlanta cable modems (I know from direct experience), and was generally up over 95% of the time, with a lot of downtime attributable to the modems not the router.The only problem - and it is a major one (thus minus one star) but only for some customers - is that it does NOT cooperate well with Arris-brand cable modems (or at least not with my TM722).  My provider just switched to those (I have no choice in the matter), so I can't use this router any more (without frequent frustration).  It works for hours or a day or so, and then doesn't work any longer, as in there isn't any actual PC-to-Internet or vice versa connectivity, but the device itself seems to think there is: All the lights are blinking like normal. It has to be power-cycled to work right again, and will eventually stop working right as long as it's connected to the Arris TM722 (and presumably other Arris models).I can highly recommended this router for non-Arris users.  Note also that this is a router with a full-blown SWITCH, not just a hub. That is, it has smarts on board that route traffic within your local wired LAN in an intelligent manner instead of treating it as a random, unmanaged flow, the way a passive hub does.  So, it is very efficient.  Speaking of speed, I detected no notable speed difference with various bandwidth tests when connecting my computer to the Internet through this device vs. directly to the cable modem.  So, it is perfectly fine for games and others with high speed requirements.
Have had this product for over a year, it works well, occasionally needs a hard reboot and about once a week, my son has to come and do something on my computer.  But, I have the gremlin effect on every computer or accessory I touch!  We currently have 7 wireless computers on network (4 desktop, 3 laptops) and two wired connections.
I initially had issues with setting up the bridge, but once it was set-up, it worked great.  Not to difficult to add to a wireless network and I love the digital outputs.  Has the range to go outside, garage, and all around the house.  Love it.
I recently purchased a linksys WPC54GR network adapter frome amazon.com and installed it in my older compaq laptop computer.  It was purchased to replace a linksys WPC54R adapter which I had been using because I needed better range.  The installation went well because I updated the compaq's operating system to windows 2000 pro.  Originally the compaq had windows 98SE and I had a terrable time installing the 54G and I did not want to go through that again.  As far as it's preformance goes I'm not sure if it's giving me all that much better range as before but I think it runs much faster, so I would give it four stars.Sincerely, KJ
The seller is good and delivery was on time. The seller is very cooperative and I recommend him. But If you were looking to change the firmware to dd-wrt or others then this is not the right device for you. This is V2.0 which is limited to 2MB Flash, this means you can only load the basic firmware on it. dd-wrt would run, but the micro version only, mini and others will not run. So people who are looking for more features for their router wont be able to get them. But if you want to use it natively with its preloaded firmware then this is a good device and its in an excellent condition.
Would have given 5 stars but it doesnt write RAM discs.  Not that i care... but i like options.  this makes the second sony writer ive owned.Quality Quality Quality.  ive had it one day and i love it so far.  My dru820 is going on 100 Successfull writes NO COASTERS!!!  Sony is the only way to go.
I was excited to buy one of these puppies since i saw Die Hard 4, and after seeing this was only about ten dollars online, i went for it. It is just what you would expect from a keyboard of this type. It is flexible, it feels just a little strange (but totally easy to get used to) when typing, and can be cleaned easily.This is NOT a keyboard you would want to use to do some serious work in, instead its probably just a cool thing to show off to friends or the like. The only problem i found with the keyboard itself is that the picture online is misleading: the color of the keyboard is a dark see-through grey and not the dark black as shown in the picture. Also the color of the usb cable is black and not white as shown in the picture.I am not too fond of the old school enter key that looks like a "return" key from older keyboards, but that is a personal preference. If you want to have something cool that you would use occasionally, i would recommend this.
This keyboard is a real trooper. It has been through backpacks, boxes and just jammed into things and still keeps going. It is great for taking along on troubleshooting. Only two real issues with it. First, you have to be very deliberate about pushing the keys. You have to press it firmly and in the center of the key for it to register. This could be trouble for fast typers, but you get used to it after a while. The other issue is that there is no way to tell if the Caps Lock or Num Lock are on. It would have been nice to have some LEDs, and the markings on the side indicate that maybe I got a model that just didn't have them. Other than that, this is a great little backup keyboard. I would recommend it for techies to add to their travel pack.
Good keyboard, but the keys took some getting used to.  They're bigger than a normal keyboard, so it was difficult at first to type.  It got easier.
This item is being used with a tablet computer. It really makes my work easier than trying to input data on the touch screen letter by letter with a stylus. It's easy to roll up and transport in my briefcase. So far is has been a great buy.
it is a good products. easy to install, works easy even without the controllers and get what is used for.
The quality of this bag is good, although as others have noted, the handle does seem a little wobbly and I will reserve judgment as to its quality until after I have used the bag more. I love the surprising amount of space in the bag, the multiple pockets, and the fact that you can easily access any of the pockets while it is upright. Very handy! It is a great carry-on bag that will easily fit in an overhead bin. However, I bought this specifically to use as an under-seat bag to replace my usual tote bag that was killing my back as I hauled it around airports, and, unfortunately, the first time I flew I had an aisle seat, and the bag DID NOT FIT under the aisle seat (at least on the airline I flew). I was barely able to squeeze it under the seat, with at least 4" still sticking out into my legroom space. Luckily, I am a short, small female, so it was fine, but if the flight attendant had noticed I would have had to move the bag into an overhead bin. For me, this nearly defeats the purpose of getting this bag, since I want to be able to keep things in it such as books, magazines, mp3 player, personal items and ID where they are easily accessible. Instead, I had to keep my personal items and ID in my purse on my lap for the entire flight. I am keeping the bag though, since I am sure that it will fit under a middle seat, and I am fairly certain it will fit under a window seat. I do love the fact that it has four wheels that spin in any direction, making it easy to wheel all over the airport and even down the aisle of the plane. I bought this primarily for leisure travel, rather than business, and it would work well for either type of use. I think it will be a great overnighter bag too, just the right size for a change or two of clothes, a toiletries bag and some shoes. Overall I think it's a well-made, useful bag, but I do wish it truly fit "under-seat," no matter which airline or which seat.
I actually really like this case.  The slide up handle is a little wobbly, by overall, it is easy to maneuver and very roomy.
I purchased this as a replacement for an Atlantic mobile 'office'.  (I travel weekly).  I was pleased to have a darker color that wasn't black and find the spinner wheels to be a great advantage when rolling the bag thru crowded airport restaurants and gates.  I have recommended it to co-workers!
I will get the worst of the criticism out of the way first. Although this is a very nice bag and I have had good experiences with Samsonite luggage quality justifying it's premium pricing, this bag seems a little vulnerable in two areas. As noted on other Samsonite spinner totes based on this lineage, the handle seems less sturdy than I could wish. I do not necessarily disbelieve the reports of broken handles on Silhouette and X'ion spinner totes now that I have seen this earlier cousin, the spinner office on wheels models are positively infamous for broken handles. I own a larger Samsonite Spinner garment bag that is much more solid when being pushed than this small spinner and it is almost exclusively due to that bags adequately strong telescoping handle as compared to this one. The wheels also seem a little less solid in motion than my garment bag, but I believe that is a good thing. I think the lack of rigidity in the running gear of this bag has to do with the wheels being mounted on two seperate halves of the bag which opens down the middle so that the forward half of the bag sort of tilts forward.I say this arrangement is good because it is one key design feature that makes this bag so conveniently useable as a carry on. It is made to open standing upright and the way it does so is wonderful. Size is everything to this bag. I am a frequent international traveler and have a small amount of indespensible paperwork and items that I must not take the chance of loosing enroute, which therefore can not be checked. I usually have a checked bag that I take a few sets of clothes in, but if that were lost I can always get by for several days with just the items in my carry on. I pack my carry on in such a way to ensure this is possible while hopefully not crippling myself under it's weight. As you might imagine that is difficult to do with a laptop computer and it's charger in the carry on. I keep buying lighter laptops but the burden of lugging a carry on around those large foreign airports during layovers is still the second worst past of trip, only behind the ten hour or longer flight segments. I have carried on bags in the past that were large enough to be questionable as to whether I could find space to stow them. At my age that type of overpacking is no longer worth the fight. I check a reasably small bag and carry an even more reasonably sized bag.The spinner bag reviewed here is only unique in that it is a four wheeled spinner. If it were a two wheeled pull behind bag of the same size it would be one of many. However, I have graduated from two wheeled bags forever, I hope. I have unhappy memories of running over my own heels with bags I was pulling behind me, or of two wheeled bags that tipped over while making turns. The first time I pushed a four wheeled spinner beside me through an airport I was hooked. However finding a spinner bag that is small enough to fit under a seat if the overhead bins are full is actually a real challenge. Most of the smallest spinners are taller than they are wide and if forced under a seat would protrude into my foot space to a degree that is beyond tolerability on a transoceanic flight in an economy seat.This bag has one other advantage over the type of small 18" upright hardsided spinner bags that so many Japanese women seem to use so effortlessly. The advantage to this 'not' being an upright bag is that the three compartments of this bag open up clam shell style while the bag is standing upright on its wheels. If you pack everything into this one bag, you needn't lay it on its back and flop the other half over to open the bag to get a computer out for x-ray screening (or anything else you might need to get out of the bag). There just never seems to be enough space to open a big bag with people crowded around you at the x-ray belt.It is so nice to be able to open the top zipper on this bag and reach in quickly to retrieve one or two things while the bag is on the belt (without taking over a large area). The action is seemless and is more important than description implies.My previous carry on bag was a leather bag very similar to a doctor's bag with the rigid frame around the mouth when it opened, you know the old alligator mouth bag. Being a little larger than a real doctor's bag and having a shoulder strap it was about the best compremise amongst non-wheeled bags as a carry on that was not difficult to stow onboard the plane. It was cavernous compared to it's exterior size, but oh my - how I hated the strain of carrying it hour after hour once it was loaded with computer and all. I have been looking for some time for a four wheeled rolling bag that has small enough exterior dimensions to fit under a seat, but with at least one good sized compartment in which to actually pack some clothes. I would say that roughly 50% of the volume of this bag is in the main center compartment. There is room there to pack something nearly six inches thick without straining that compartment or seriously affecting the shape of the other compartments. Just try to pack a pair of shoes into one of the file-like compartments of a carry on bag that was actually built as a briefcase (as so many are) while still carrying something rigid such as a laptop in the same bag, it is quite uncomfortable for both you and the bag.Inside this rolling carry on is space for a stack of clothes and or odd sized items roughly 14 inches by 10 inches by at least 4 inches. My shaving bag fits in this space along with a change of clothes or two and even a change of shoes if forced. Forward of that main compartment is the briefcase like compartment that is intended to carry the laptop computer and other full page files. A removable computer sleeve is included, but it is sized for a 15" machine and I don't know anyone who travels alot that takes along a computer that big except the Macbook Pro owners, of whom I am not one. My 12 incher fits well in there in my own sleeve, along with some other files, without rattling around too much. If I had a netbook I would have to put it one of the file pockets within the compartment to keep it in place. This computer compartment is all of about 2 inches thick so it is more than a file folder pocket. Lastly, the frontmost pocket is just that, a thin file folder pocket, so it is good for wallet, passport, phone and ticket storage but if I tried to actually pack anything in there thicker than a book it would likely crowd the pocket such that my travel documents were no longer easily accessible.You can think of this bag as capable of holding not more than two days worth of things, however, with a laptop included anything else in a bag seems to get heavy and bulky at an exponential rate. Being able to roll that weight along beside me instead of hand carrying it is priceless on a long layover. Four wheel bags are in a league of convenience in motion over and above your basic cheap two wheeled pull behind. And this spinner although not truly large inside, is at a graet advantage in that it is definitely 'firmly' within the realm of a carry-on once it is time to find storage in the plane. This bag is even a touch shorter in length and is much more convenient to roll than the squarish little pilot's cases that the flight crews often use for their carry on luggage. This four wheeled bag will turn to roll down the narrowest isles so you just never need to pick the bag up to clear an obstacle while walking. And as to wheeling it through a tight crowd of people, two wheeled bags could never compare. I only lift this bag to put it on the x-ray belt. Other than that it usually traverses everything in it's path one way or another.Like I said, it's closest cousin, the spinner office on wheels, is known for broken handles and this one might be in that category as well if I'm not careful. I think the newwer Silhouette and X'ion spinner totes have handles that were paid more attention to during the design process. But neither of those can match this model for perfectly proportioned size. The X'ion tote in particular is enough taller that it gets top heavy and you can read customers complaints about that bag tipping over and falling on them when they are seated at the gate with the X'ion bag is completely still - it just keels right over. Likewise the Silouette and Office on Wheels spinners are taller bags than this, although not as tall as the X'ion. The Office on Wheels spinner does the same tipping over forward trick if noticably heavy laptop in in place in it's designated compartment. This bag is solidly balanced even when open even if there is a heavy computer in it's place. This bag is not quite as large inside as those cousins are but those bags are just a little to big to fit well under most economy seats if needs be. This bag was guaranteed by Samsonite to fit the airline definitions of a carry on. So if you get into a tight spot with one of those economy seats that has an oddly shaped small underseat space and overhead is not available, you can make the stewardess figure it out because your bag is within regs and at least half of the people on board take bags that are bigger than the standards allow. If a bag needs to be bumped into checked storage, yours will not be the one to go.Size is everything and almost the only thing that matters in the design of this bag and no other spinner bag is better sized - or should I say no other is a better compromise of size.
I like this enclosure because it also has the card reader built in. It is not something very important, however, if you don't already have a card reader, you would safe around 15 bucks. The plactic stand that the enclosure sit on is not the most stable, but it does the job.Overall a good product
The unit works great, however the lights are always on regardless if you have anything plugged or not. Also the lights are very bright I had to cover them. The size, (about 3.5" X 2" X 1"), is just perfect for me since i was looking for a mini port. The sticky patch, (included), is not too strong and won't really hold the unit on a side wall, but will hold in place when you just rest it on a shelf.
I don't know about how this thing holds up to the test of time yet, so I'm only giving it 4 stars, but I am enjoying it. I bought it for my laptop, and seeing it's old it's been working just fine anyway. (windows 98 is a pain) The best thing about it is it makes a great night light. I can find my computer in the dark easily!
I needed a blue-tooth dongle for my laptop so I could transfer pictures and videos from my blue-tooth enabled phone.  I didn't really need anything fancy, just something that worked.  I found this dongle and it was under $10. I figured I would give it a try since it was so cheap.  It came a few days later.  I installed the software from the included cd and plugged the dongle into an open USB port. It worked flawlessly. I haven't had a moments trouble.  What a deal for under $10.00.  Cons: It seems a bit flimsy... credit card thin.  But, that doesn't seem to hurt performance at all.
You get a lot of copper for your money.. its a great cord but its too stiff to deal with.. if it where more flexible I would use more than just one Ac cord. If you don't mind the stiffness then you will be very happy with the build quality.Its way too stiff to work with.. the price is really reasonable. I hope this review helped out a little. :0)
Bought this cpu to upgrade from a Pentium 805 D in a Shuttle XPC SD32G2 running Win7 Home Premium.  Came in a classic clamshell package consistent with either a pull-out or OEM chip.  CPU had one smudge above the product description which could've been thermal paste residue.  But I verified the E6700 designation (Costa Rica) and dropped it in.  It was recognized immediately and ran smoothly.  Overall, I am happy that it has given my old PC new life.  The processor score in Win7 increased from 5.4 to 7.0!As per the other reviewer, I agree that full disclosure is the best policy and let the buyer beware.  I suspect that this CPU was a pull-out but I would've bought it anyway because the overall cost was worthwhile ($116) to breathe new life into my old system.  I plan to gift it to my friend's for use in homework, etc.  No sense in spending 4-5 times that much for a new PC.
It does work, contrary to what the previous poster said, but it will only work in SDHC devices, even if it doesn't say SDHC.
Well worth it.  Have a 19" HP at work that cost $250 and this rivals it.  No dead pixels.  For those of you switching from a CRT to a LCD, keep in mind, you will not have the same quality.  The LCD's aren't quite up to the picture quality of CRT's but I quickly forgot that once I started using this one.  These cost around $130-$170 depending on where you get it and to me that's a steal.  Only problem, getting rid of your CRT.  I had to pay a guy at work $5 to "take care of it" for me.
This Generic Multi-Tap for PS2 is succsessful for PS2 games only.Whether original (fat), or New (slim) ,it does its job for a very reasonable price!This is as good as any name brand; honestly.  {:-)
works great!  I wish it would work with Guitar Hero connectors, since I wanted to use up to three or four guitars with this, but never was able to make that work.  But I was able to use up to four PS2 controllers for gaming.  So it works.  But not for Guitar Hero multi-guitars.  Only one guitar will work with this.
The cord was not quite as pictured it is 3FT but it's black with gold connections so in a way its a upgrade just was looking for silver.
This cable works, seems durable, and doesn't fit loosely. It worked for me! I also thought it was a good length.
this is a very good item.only downfall that adapter where you plug in wire for usb connection is very delicate and can break easily.had it for 1 year..
I have only owned one flash drive before this one, and I lost it.  Since I am a college student, I use one very often and I can't afford to lose it again.  I searched for a flash drive that could be hooked onto a keyring.  I wear a retractable reel clip with my ID access card and my dorm key.  And the hole thingy at the end of this flash drive makes it very easy to attach it to the key ring, and it is very small too.
I bought this mouse for a super cheap price. It works as expected, but the quality of it feels very cheap. The downside for a wireless mouse its massive battery consumption. I would recommend getting a wired mouse just to offset the price you'd pay in batteries.
I ordered this product, after a similar one I had stopped working. Its easy to use and it lets your arm rest more when you have a lot of researching or if your just surfing the net. I recommend this Item
The identical trackball (for that is what it is) is also marketed on Amazon as the One Finger Mouse. The average of about 20 reviews for it is 3.5 stars. One should read these reviews, as the first review here is not representative.It is designed for those who need a small hand-held cursor control device, especially when a work surface is unavailable, as when traveling.A few had problems with it, either mechanical, or not liking the design, but most found it helpful for its ergonomics (repetitive motion syndrome relief), and no need for a surface to operate it. Few thought it perfect, but most were satisfied; it is the only TRACKBALL of its kind, and very inexpensive, so one can hardly expect perfection. The biggest downside to me, is that one has to put it down to touch type: then I'm forced to revert to the inferior touch pad. The trackball is GREAT for browsing, and SO much better than my touch pad.I found mine to be easy to master, and wonderful for cramped situations where there is no desk space for a mouse, especially in a car or aircraft, or when luggage space is at a premium. Seated at my desk, I use a large desk-top trackball for its greater precision, but for travel, or for use while standing (eg using a projection screen), the One Finger Mouse is quite adequate.
This mouse is very old school.  Unless you've had experience with trackball mice in the past, I wouldn't advise anyone to use this one as a serious, every-day mouse as it isn't intuitive at all.  It takes a *lot* of practice to use it correctly.  On the other hand, once you get used to the way the buttons work (or you customize them), it's a fantastic mouse to use with a netbook on the road or curled up in a chair.Another drawback is the lack of support on Windows Vista.  I tried hooking it up to my main computer and it failed to function - I was warned about this prior to purchase, however, so it really wasn't a problem.  It's fine on XP.As far as durability, I've had mine for a little under a year now and it's been dropped on hardwood floors, kicked, chewed (dog) and the usb end dipped in water - I don't know how people managed to kill this mouse.  I got this mouse because it was dead cheap and I hate using the touchpad on my netbook.  I wanted something that I could kick around and replace without having to worry about expense.  This fit the bill nicely.
Fun and practical if you get tired of sitting just stand up and keep using it.
This cable worked out great. It is long enough to be routed around larger cards no matter what board you have. Just make sure the connector is correct for your application
Since it isn't written in the specs, this cable is 26" long from end to end. I bought this to connect my motherboard SPDIF header to my video card. It was originally made to connect your CD drive and not a video card which is why its long. It worked out ok for me because I have some nice cable management on my tower and took it behind the motherboard and back out to connect it. So that made use of the length well.Another thing to note is that the connectors on this cable are too wide for most NVIDIA video cards. Mine is a 275 GTX. So I had to whip out my army knife and shave off some plastic before it fit. But after that everything worked just fine.One star less because for a tiny piece of cheap wire, it was way too expensive.
I think that this hard drive was very worth to buy. Because it is easy to install and safely store all the preciouse data. It could satisfy all I need about the external sotrage.
I got this mainly for my Verizon PN820 running WM5.  Installed the latest driver off of the website (didn't bother trying the old one that shipped with it on the mini-CD), plugged in the card, entered my key, and it worked fine.  Found my work and home networks, but range seems more limited at home (which might be the fault of my dirt-cheap Buffalo router/AP).  The phone occasionally gets confused when I take the card out or put it in and requires a reset--I doubt it is the card's problem though, this is WM5 after all.Just for kicks, also tried this in my Viewsonic V37 PocketPC running PPC2007 using an adapter to get it into the full-sized SDIO slot.  Driver installed and card seems to be detected, but the OS itself is pathetic and impossible to properly configure.  I think I'd need PPC2007SE to get it working, and Viewsonic discontinued their PPC line and never released an update (I was lucky to find the PPC2007 update as it is).
I have a palm treo 750 which I only bought because I saw this wifi card which I assumed would enable me to skype from the treo. Being that neither was particularly expensive and that I needed a new phone anyway, Im not too disappointed. If the wifi goes unused for a period of time you have to remove and reinsert the card to reactivate the wifi. A bit irritating but since I wont be using it that much its not a deal killer. And as implied, skype doesnt work on it. You can log in, see your contacts, and try to call a number but after one ring skype stalls. My wife has been able to stream NPR in the mornings which is going to be the wifi card's primary use. Since Im not sure if it is the card's fault or the phone's fault, I couldnt give it too poor of a rating. Would have been better if palm just got their act together and put together the phone they could have 3 years ago.
I've owned this for almost 5 months now.  I do not use it as often as I thought I would because it sticks out of the side of the phone.  I keep the card in my wallet so that I will have access to it when I want it.  It's come in handy several times at the airport and other places that have a Wi-Fi signal.When it works, it's great.  I am using it on a Treo 750.  I started with Windows Mobile 5 and it worked ok.  It would disconnect and I would have to restart the phone to get it to work again.  I've upgraded to Windows Mobile 6 and the card still loses the signal, but now, I just eject it and put it back in.There is a new driver for Mobile 6 but I have not installed it yet.  I'm using the one that came with Mobile 6 - come to think about it, I haven't had to install any drivers for the card since I'm using Mobile 6 - that was not the case with Mobile 5.Like I said, when you have a signal, it's great.  It's gives me free Internet and I can stream video and music without a problem.Get it, it's worth the money if you plan on using it.
Fast delivery. Fit my needs
For people with average-sized hands, the MicroCON is a tiny controller. But it's a tiny controller with a lot of power behind it. I knew the controller was going to be small, but not "Fit-in-my-palm" small -- Last time I had a controller this small was when I had the SNES. But because of its small size, it's infinitely more portable for those on the move than the stock controller.The controller feels well-built, and the rubber grips help to better hold onto the controller. The controller stick is rubberized, which means better control, as well s the C-stick -- Nothing made of cheap plastic here, save the cord. But even then it can take a few run-ins with a heavy man on a rolling chair. The cord is of decent length though if using a bigger screen where you need to sit further back, you'll want to buy an extension cable.Overall, neat product. Does everything it's expected to, and can carry you to victory -- Provided you don't suck at video games.
I'm not a huge logitech fan but this is the only mouse I will use. My friends think I am crazy since it is so expensive but it lasts a long time (bought it 4 years ago and still going)We have never had to replace the battery and we make sure to charge it regularly. I love how it fits my hand and is very intuitive to use. When it dies it's clone will be here a day later.Your hand will thank you.
We bought this item last weekend from Best Buy. In the store, they have it hooked up to a looping HD video, so the picture looks awesome. It was comparable to the picture of the Samsung 50" plasma they had next to it, but for about $600 less. If you decide to purchase this, it should be noted that the only way you will get the perfect picture (as shown in the store) is to have an HD signal. We currently have a standard satellite package, so the picture is a little pixelated and fuzzy. We are in the process of upgrading our satellite package to an HD tuner and will purchase the necessary HD cabling to go along with it. I'll report back on this product as soon as it is installed.Also, if you buy the HD cabling at Best Buy, they want about $80 for the cable. My husband tells me there is an HD cable here on Amazon that runs about $12. I'd definitely recommend looking for it and buying that.
When I bought it I didn't imagine that a small card, as it is, are able to connect your PDA to the wifi and it is able to do the job in a powerful way. If you want to connect your PDA to internet this card is the best choice for my point of view!
Good product and form factor.  Considerably smaller than CF Wifi cards on the market.  Little tricky in setting up and maintaining connections though.  Wasn't constantly connected even though it found the router.  Kept on turning on and off and losing connection for some reason.  Other than that  decent card at a decent price.  Haven't tested to see if card can maintain at 56g. Seemed like connected at regular 802.11b rates only even though card was next to the router and my router can transmit upto 108 Mbps.  Overall good experience!
Arrived quickly, decent condition, works great. Just plug it in and go, didn't even have to install anything or set anything up. Finally, I can use my cd drive again! :)
Bought these 'cause I needed a better way to talk to people on Skype via my PC and I got a two pack because the price was so good.  The usual headsets and mic combo didn't feel natural and weren't the best at reproducing sound.  Got these and used them whenever I used Skype.  I have since bought a full featured standalone Skype phone for home but have these with me when I travel although I do find myself using the Skype App on my iPad more and more now.  Not that the USB phone is hard to set up or anything but I find my iPad is always there whilst my PC needs to be taken out of the bag and turned on to use.
Very good price for the product. I had not installed memory before, and it was a snap to do. Puter runs much faster now and big jobs don't trudge along. Well worth it to upgrade your memory and much less expensive than buying a new computer. Just remember to update your BIOS before upgrading.
I just received my new Asus Slim External DVD USB, and purchased it from a Canadian source.  Too bad I didn't look elsewhere (USA) first as I could have saved $100!!!  Good product, but Canadians, look south before you buy these days!  Something good for everybody, including Americans, from the falling USD.  This External DVD fits the Asus Notebook U1F, and is a must.  So far, so good, very happy, sold little DVD drive, not flimsy like some, and I'm glad it's not onboard the U1F.  Very, very happy with Asus products.  Suggest before you buy to see all the reviews of products on YouTube before buying alternatives, as many are way too flimsy.
iGo BoomTube H2O1 STWBT21I love this set of speakers. I have now bought 2 others for friends in the US. Shoptronics sent it off in very good time but UPS promised delivery on 22 May. All day on its tracking, it showed that delivery would be on time but around 5pm it rescheduled it for the 26th. Perhaps Shoptronics should consider another delivery company. I would give this an unreserved 5 star but giving it 4 because of poor choice of courier.