Want a quick, convenient way to unlock the potential of Photoshop CS5's new features? Then this DVD is the place to start. Ideal for people with experience using a previous version of Photoshop (CS4, CS3, or even CS2), Photoshop CS5 Power Session is an easy way to learn the new features, tips and shortcuts in CS5 and start using them right away. This DVD will teach you: about HDR Pro and how Photoshop has now taken over the HDR space, how to speed up retouching with the new Content Aware Fill option, new Camera Raw updates and how noise reduction just got a lot better, why CS5 is the best Photoshop ever if you need to make complex selections fast and many other tips and changes that make Photoshop easier to use. Matt  goes over the new features, and shows you the little tweaks, shortcuts and changes that can easily be overlooked. If you want to get up to speed fast on Photoshop CS5's new features and enhancements then this DVD is the way to go.
I really enjoy this product. It is simple and convenient.For the longest time my laptop kept overheating and that is no problem anymore.A great product for a great price!
In "Tack Sharp!" with Matt Kloskowski, you'll learn why you sharpen in the first place and what you can do when you take photos that will affect how sharp they appear. You'll also learn some of the most efficient sharpening techniques used in Photoshop and Lightroom and discover exactly where sharpening fits in the workflow and just how much time is spent on it. No matter if you're a beginner or not; if you want your photos to look tack sharp, no matter where they are displayed (print, on screen or the Web), then this DVD is for you.Sample Lessons include: Basics - Why Sharpen, Dos and Don'ts for Keeping Photos Sharp, Size Matters, 3 Official Types of Sharpening,  the Detail Panel, the Adjustment Brush, Sharpening vs. Noise Reduction, Unsharp Mask, Smart Sharpen, High Pass Sharpening, 3rd Party Sharpening Plug-ins, and Output-specific Sharpening.
my son is happy! so therefore i am happy with product.  reseached price and combined with amazon prime was the best deal.
I bought this memory card for my grandson.  It works great.  He is very very satisfied.  I will keep this in mind when I need another memory card for his game cube
After buying this micro SD bought several more at different capacity and had no issues.  I would buy this brand again but in larger capacity
The Carpet Guy delivered very quickly.  I ordered a 2gb, they were out, so the sent me a 4gb at the same price.  Excellent price, excellent produck.  I am very happy and would recommend them to anyone.Steve
not only did it help with the gps system but in came in handy when my psp needed a data cable!  A very highly recommended product for psp and the garmin
I bought this monitor for my old Performa two years ago.  There were some problems getting the right adapter initially, but once I did, it was easy to hook up.  You can adjust the color and brightness with a press of a button, located conveniently on the front.  I've never had a problem with over-heating like I had with my previous monitor, although I must say that this monitor does put out quite a bit of warmth when I've had it on all day.  And, it is big and bulky, like one reviewer mentioned.  But the picture quality is very good for both graphics and desktop publishing.  It was well worth the money.
I was stuck in the torment which is a really old small monitor.  When I would surf, most web sites didn't show up correctly because of it, and I decided to buy a new monitor.  I chose this one, for the price, and because  a friend recommended it to me, having purchased one himself.When I  plugged this one in, it was like the scene in Wizard of Oz, when it goes  from black in white to color.  Amazing.  The difference it made in viewing  web pages is awesome.I primarily use mine for web surfing, word  processing and some graphics design, and I've been quite pleased.The  monitor works with both my current computer, a Pentium III, and my old one,  an AMD-K6.  It was very easy for me to hook up, and I didn't even have to  use the software which came with it, it already was compatible with my  computer, which was a plus.  I love just being able to plug things in and  go!I set out looking for a moderately priced monitor with a clear crisp  picture, and I got it.  I'm completely satisfied.The only thing negative  I can think to say is that it takes up alot of room on my computer desk!  It's quite big and bulky.  But for the price and picture quality, it's a  small price to pay.
I recently purched our second GS790.  I bought the first because of cramped space on that particular desk; I purchased the second because of the great performance and low price of the first.  I have a 20&quot; Trinitron that is hard pressed to do any better -- even with Photoshop.
I work with one and have another at home. Works fine in both locations. None of the problems others have reported. For what it was at the time of its introduction, I have gotten very good value.
I have both the G790 and GS790 and am extremely happy with both. The G790 was a great buy a few years ago. Now the GS790 has a smaller footprint, and looks even clearer.Update: They are both still working great as of March 2004.November 2004: Although they are both working fine, they are being retired and replaced by a single Apple 23" LCD. Now to find good homes for these trusty monitors.
I've had this GS790 (my first ViewSonic) for about 2 years now without a single problem.  What these guys are describing must be either anomolies, or something breaking loose in shipment, etc. because this is one of the best built monitors I've seen in years.  I used to stick to the Trinitron tubes, but agree with the damper line &amp; too vivid colors as stated before.
This has been a fantastic monitor for the past 3 years. Have had none of the problems of the other reviewers. It has survived 3 moves without it's original packing. It is an excellent gaming monitor, bright enough that even Doom 3 can be played!
After seeing this monitor in a set-up ... , I decided it was just what I was shopping for. But....the store did not carry NEC. I went to three other stores here in town and could not find a 15-inch NEC - all were 17's. That was Monday, July 17. I came home and ordered from Amazon. The  monitor was delivered by standard shipping this morning - July 19!  It is  all I expected and then some. If you are looking for a 15-inch monitor at a  bargain price, this may be your best bet.
This product is fantastic. I have had this monitor since 2004 and no problems, I "upgraded" to lcd but now know the error of my ways and have gone back to this crt, and have no regrets, fantastic response rate, smooth wen scrolling, excellent color saturation, great for games, this monitor can do no wrong.Other people have had issues with it dying, and Im here to say that I have used it in my hot garage, in the house, and even outside and left it outhere for months and it still looks wonderful, no problems turning on, and excellent value item from NEC. If I ever "upgrade" again to projectors, it will almost certainly be an nec product.
I'd really give this monitor 4 1/2 stars - the extra half being for the outstanding price.The other reviews are completely correct: this monitor needs serious adjustments to the factory settings, however these are easily performed for the most part.  I did also have to go in and manually adjust the refresh rate.In addition, as someone below mentioned - this screen is a little less round than the usual, but by no means &quot;flat&quot;I'm using this monitor for graphic/web design and desktop publishing at an institution on a budget - the graphic display is quite good, but not stunning...  although, considering the price, I'd say you're definitely getting a little more than what you paid for.
Not only is this an excellent price for a 19&quot; monitor, but after several months, I am amazed at the quality of the display.  It scores outstanding marks for the brightness and contrast. I have run this monitor at 1600x1200 and it looks great.  The only minor issue I can find is that the control screens are a little hard to navigate through, but hey, I have a $1200 Sony as well that is even harder.  If you  are on a budget and want a great monitor, you won't regret this purchase.
This monitor Is amazingly SWEET, it dosent have quite the footprint on your desk as a normal 19' monitor, its easily the most system compatible monitor I've seen.  Getting into the graphics themselves, I am an avid  gamer, and have used this monitor at other's houses before.  It is simply  gorgeous!
I recently purchased this monitor it is fantastic the quality is second to  none the performance is better then i could have hoped for if anyone is  thinking of upgrading seriously think of buying this monitor the picture is  crisp and clear
I have always been a huge fan of ViewSonic monitors.  My love affair with ViewSonic dates back to when I bought my very first ViewSonic, the 17G way back in 1993.  To this day, the monitor is still going strong; I have noticed no picture fade or outward jittering or flickering from the screen, and it is on 24/7.So when I report for duty at my new job and found that the company used ViewSonic monitors, I was thrilled.  And not just any ViewSonic monitors, but Black "E790B's!"  "A Black monitor", my mind screamed, "we've always wanted a black monitor; they are so cool."  Shortly after I started, my new "ViewSonic E790B" was delivered to my cube, and at first I was impressed, very impressed; the picture was clear, sharp (though not as sharp as I would have liked) and free of annoying flicker.  The 19" "E790B" gave me a viewable area of 18" with little black boarder to speak of and almost no inversion.  What little annoyances I found in the screen were quickly adjusted out via the simple to use front panel on-screen controls.The one complaint I did (and still do) have about the screen--and it was to become a major sticking point with me, so much so that I eventually had the monitor switched out--was the brightness, or lack there of.  From the moment I turned it on I noticed that the display was not a bright as I would have wanted, even when compared to my 17G at home.  The lack of brightness diminished the sharpness and color contrast of the display and made letters and words hard to read unless they were in a large typeface, so needless to say surfing the web was a chore.  I tried several time to adjust the display, but to no avail.  Over time the brightness problem led to eyestrain, and it was typical for my eyes to hurt after a day in front of this monitor.I contrasted the brightness of the "E790B" with that of the Sony G400 and the Sony was by far the brighter of the two; in fact the Sony G400 made the "E790B" look dull in comparison.  So I had the "E790B" replaced by the G400 and eyestrain has ceased to be a problem.  Did I have a defective monitor you might ask?  No, is the answer, for I have noticed this dullness in other "E790B" displays around the office.My problems with the brightness of the display may not be a problem to you; each user is different.  And other then that one niggling little problem, I loved the monitor, and would recommend it based on my experience with ViewSonic displays.  Would I purchase one for myself?  No, but I might do so for a friend or client who is not a picky as I am.
This is a wonderful high performance monitor.  However, as flat panel displays grow in popularity, prices for CRT monitors are dropping tremendously.  If you don't mind buying a CRT and are looking for high resolution to run serious applications, I would recommend looking at some larger monitors than this.  For most applications running at high resolutions, 17" just isn't a big enough screen to run on.  On the other hand, if you are planning on running 3D games, have a high performance video card, and don't want to shell out too much cash, this monitor is a perfect fit for you.  This monitor can keep pace with the best 3D cards out there.  The only gripe I have with this monitor are two nearly invisible narrow horizontal gray stripes that run across the screen 1/4 and 3/4 the way up.  They're really only visible when looking at an entirely white screen, so generally they are not an issue.  Otherwise I am very pleased with this monitor.  The picture is extremely crisp and clear, and also displays DVD's beautifully.
This monitor is great.  It was easy to read the directions and fit the picture into the screen.  My last monitor was blurry so when this one arrived it was a heaven send.  I am enjoying it very much.  Thanks alot.  Have a nice day.
This monitor is magical. I can see it with such clarity and it has the best picture quality I have ever seen. Office Depot has a lot of these around so if you would like to have a mammoth of a CRT that weighs a record 37 lbs... then let me know I will show you to the glory road
Performs as well as any high-end, high-priced monitor on the market.  I've owned one for years and that's why I bought another one for my kids.  Look's great on high resolution games.  Great buy at under $(...).
This monitor is top notch, I compared it with the sonys side by side before i bought it and it has better picture quality than sony, as a matter of fact this was best looking monitor in the whole store Fry,s. when i upgrade it will be Mitsubishi forsure there the best.
I've had this monitor for YEARS and I love it.  It's durable, it's die hard, it's big, and it's never given me an ounce of trouble.  I have fallen in love with the *DAROOOOO* noise it makes when I power it up.  It'll be a sad day when this boehemoth dies.
Definitely an excellent monitor. I've had mine for well over a year now and I honestly can't say I have any complaints. They're perfect hi-quality flatscreen CRTs, the glare reduction is nice (although I still wouldn't seat it directly across from a window or anything), altogether a great monitor, especially if you're a gamer like me. It's definitely both heavy and bulky, so lugging it to LAN parties will be difficult, but worth it if you're careful. All in all, I'd highly recommend buying this.
I've been using my FE950 for nearly 6 months, and it works great. The flat screen technology gives an incredibly sharp image throughout the entire viewing area, and the brightness is perfectly even. If you work with graphics or need to read a lot of text throughout the day, this monitor is well worth the difference in money. You could spend less for a 19&quot; monitor, but after using it for a couple of months, this one justifies itself.
I've held 2 of these FE950s for around a year and a half now.  Both display very crisp pictures.  For gaming these are top knotch monitors.  The standard resolution I run for desktops are 1280 x 1024 @ 32bit and 85hz.  In games I usually run 1024 x 768 @ 32bit, mainly because of restrictions of my GeForce4ti 4600.I have yet to have any issues with these monitors, I tote at least one to LAN Parties constantly, around once a month or more.  I have abused these monitors to the utmost point and still they are going strong.The only issue I have with them is the fact that they are very heavy...  So if you are a LAN Party person you may look for a lighter monitor, but I've yet to have a problem with carrying it around.Other than that they are very nice monitors.
NEC seems to always manufacture top of the line monitors.  This 19&quot; Flat CRT from NEC is sure to surpass anyone's expectations.  From the cutting edge easy-to-use settings menu to the high resolution and maximum frequency rate, you will not be able to buy a computer with a good enough graphics card to support all of this monitor's features.  The screen is also &quot;glare-proof&quot; and displays warnings in case of hazardous conditions like power fluctuations so that you can shutdown your computer before any damage is done.  All in all, this monitor is the number one choice for multimedia professionals and heavy gamers.
I have looked long and hard to see the difference (besides size and functionality) between the wonderful monitor I use now and any common 21 inch computer monitor and have had no luck.  If you are looking for a large monitor, for whatever reason, this should be given long consideration.  Also if you need a TV along with a monitor but cannot spare space for both and a TV-in card is out of the question, this device also provides the perfect solution.  But be careful, it is VERY heavy (I carried mine up three flights of stairs one hot summer day.  Thank god for those handles!)  The dot pitch is less than &quot;top of the line&quot; but it is nothing I, nor others, have noticed.  Over all, I do not question the value of this product.
The FP 1350x is truly a high-performance CRT. The Flat CRT reduces glare tremendously, and the Ambix technology digital imput protects the initial investment in the monitor. Warning: You will get spoiled using a monitor with so much screen size...you'll have a hard time going back to anything smaller. 5 Stars all the way!!!
Everyone seems to be comparing the Dreamcast with the PS2 and making some legitimate gripes. However, I ask this of people... if the PS2 came out before the Dreamcast, would you be making the same gripes? If the PS2 came out over a year ago, I'm sure they would have the full capabilities that Sega presents and then some. Also, many complain about no internet connection, etc... The PS2 is capable. What Sony has not done is sell the components to make it a realization. It's all a marketing ploy so they can build up hype and sales. Give the PS2 a year, and it will surpass the Dreamcast in gameplay, selection, and capability.I personally found the PS2 attractive because of its backward compatibility and the ability to play DVD's. I will say that the games are quite good for being such a young system. Also, the DVD playing is sufficient. Although the controls are awkward because you have to use the analog controllers, it still suffices as a DVD player. There is a third party remote, but I don't trust third part equipment. I'll wait for something better. As some have said, the vent is quite loud at times. The hum will be annoying at first esp. if you place it on a hard surface, but it's something you'll get used to.Should you get the PS2? Yes. Should you get it now? No. The price will definitely go down with time, and it'll be more affordable then. Also, there will be more games later this year. Also, for those who don't have a DVD player, this system will keep you entertained two-fold. If you're going to compare it to the Dreamcast, ask yourself where the PS2 will be in equal time. You can't compare a 5-year-old to a new born and automatically say that the 5-year-old will be smarter in the long run just because it can read and the newborn can't.
Well, finally I got the PS2(March 2001) after 6 months of waiting(hunting). And here I give you MY OPINION. First off the system was really...really hyped up, and it is not what really PEOPLE say it was going to be, but it is not far away from that either. It is great...the specs it has are amazing!!! Yes, better than the Dreamcast. One thing I REALLY HATE is how they compare the system to the Dreamcast. I mean HELLO PEOPLE....the Dreamcast has been out longer than the PS2!!!! Of course it is going to have more games and yes, maybe more fun than the PS2. But that doesn't mean it is going to stay like that forever. Dreamcast has CD,internet capablities...very nice!!! PS2 has the following... DVD, CD, PS1 and USB ports, way better. With the USB ports in there, you have many great things comming for the system in the future..like Internet(could be faster than Dramcast's 56K!!!). People complaint about the fan on how loud it can be...c'mon man give me a break on this!!! I' am not defending or mocking any system...just basing my opinion on the REAL facts that are out there. I bet you that 70% of people who talk trash about the PS2 own a Dreamcast. If you happen to own both then good for you!!!!For game availability at this point I give the edge to Dreamcast...but Sony will make up for all of that very soon. Unfortunately I got the system at a point were SEGA had made a very IMPORTANT DECISION!!! SEGA IS GOING TO SUPPORT THE DREAMCAST FOR ONE MORE YEAR!!! This is true, not at all a rumor. Sega is no longer going to support the Dreamcast as much as they do now within a year and that is because they are going to turn themselves into a game developing company only, no more systems from SEGA!!!! That means that we are going to see VIRTUA FIGHTER on PS2(for sure) and maybe SONIC on PS2 and/or different SEGA games on PS2 and in different future platforms(DOLPHIN, X-BOX)So this year the PS2 will have better and brigther things to make up for that 1 advantage SEGA had over them(game availabilty wise)!!! We are going to see later this year for the PS2...GT3, METAL GEAR 2, SILENT HILL 2, RESIDENT EVIL on PS2 and many...many great games. Just give it a year and you will see that it will start to come out with the 2nd generation games that will take more advantage of the system's capabilities.As far as the controller goes, it shouldn't be very hard to get used to. Unless you have never played PS1 before. The demo it comes with does suck. Some great games out there that you might wanna check out are:Teken Tag, Madden 2001, Fifa 2001, Knockout Kings 2001, Armored Core 2, SSX, Star Wars, The Bouncer..etc..etcBut in the long run..you are the gamer, the buyer and the one with the cash...check and see for your-self what you like. Then you can really see what everybody is yapping about!!!! The last point is, at the end you are the one who is going to have fun with your new system regarless of what anybody says, right?....PS2? Yes...it's worth it.
ill tell you right now Ps2 is better than the DC. How do you know? you ask. well i own both sytems and i own Dead Or Alive 2 for both sytems and Ps2 has a special shading technic that makes it look like it has about 25 more bits note: the bits for dc and ps2 are the same. so ps2 is way better than the dreacast. and i see a lot of people ripen of the DVD player. What the heck...? a dvd player is a dvd player!! i dont ask for much. just a smooth picture. in which the ps2 has. so the dvd player is good. unless you think you got to have the best in the world. .... and also the x-box is not going to be better than the ps2 its going to be pretty much the same. but the xbox you gotta buy a dvd player seprate with it.and they arent gona have any good games for it eiter. so i wuld forget about it. the ps2 is goin to be at top for a while.
Most people probably look at this computer and scoff, "Oh, 500-MHz! That is so cute. But it's not of any use." They're wrong VERRRRRY wrong.I have been a Mac user since I was 5. We got a Performa 550. 33 MHz, 180 MB hard drive. Pathetic? Yes. Slow? Yes. Beige? Yes. Useless? Absolutely not. Even with all of the constraints, the trusty Performa pulled through-it did essays, stories, reports, made pictures, printed KidPix stuff, and even made smoke (that last one was an accident...) The moral of the stroy is that someone who wants a good computer needn't look too far. 1 GHz--wow, but do you REALLY need it? Think about thatAhem, back on subject. The 500-Mhz iMac is sort of the same as the Performa (but it's not beige-yippee!) It may not have incredibly fast clock speed, the latest hard drive, or the biggest screen, but for entry-level, and even maybe mild business, the iMac come through. It works hard, supports a GB of RAM, and can store movies, AND Mp3 tunes, AND documents, AND games, AND applications of all sorts and run fine. Only under very severe stress does the iMac up and quit. I've had mine for a year and a half now, and it has never, EVER failed me. It has always pulled through, and deserves that sacred spot next to the ol' Performa. Not to mention it looks cool. If you want a Mac, the iMac is a viable solution.
6 Stars...I don't own a VPW500 but I can tell you that if it's in your price range, one look might be all it takes to get you to bite.  I'm amazed by what TV designers have accomplished over the last few years.  Based on what I've seen while shopping recently, the VPW500 would be one of my top choices if price were no object.  But it's way out of my price range, unfortunately.  The size, coupled with the brightness, contrast and color density add up to a very convincing watching experience.  It gives the illusion of depth that you just don't come close to achieving out of a conventional TV and in the process, tends to pull you into the program.  It's almost like information overload.  Sitting 8' away, it still is plenty large enough to occupy nearly all of your visual attention.  I think I'm in love.
I've lived with this monitor for awhile now and am quite satisfied with it. A true plug & play that looks more expensive than what it costs. I highly recommend this monitor. Good value for the money as long as you don't have to have latest technolgy.
This coumputer is fast on the internet and its-self, I whoud recomend this to anyone rather for Strickly Business or a family 1 or just for fun I whous suggest it.
Had the 4600/1Ghz/256/30Gig/DVD/CDRW for about 3 months.  Love everything about it.  The monitor, keyboard, mouse, network card, modem, CDRW all work flawlesslly.  Replaced W98 with Win2k Pro without a hitch.  It's fast with a big, bright screen and all the features.  Can't really complain about anything.
If you want a ... computer or you feel that you must have what virtually all your friends have, don't buy this computer. But if you want a good computer that is easy to learn and use and will out-perform and out-last your friends' PCs get this iMac -- or any other Mac for that matter. It's true: MACS ARE BETTER THAN PCs. They're easier to learn, easier to use, and far more reliable than PCs. Yes, Macs cost a little more initially (after all Toyotas and Hondas cost more than Kias) but studies show that PCs can quickly lose their initial savings in maintenance costs. And don't worry about the alleged shotage of Mac software; all of the major pieces of software are available in Mac versions -- which are easier to use than the PC versions. Also don't be confused by processor speeds; because of superior design, Macs are typically comparable in performance to PCs with twice the quoted processor speed. If you've got the courage to buck the crowd and go for quality and performance, do yourself a favor and get a Mac. This one is a great place to start.
The iMac is an excellent computer to use, especially at home. I own I 333 Mhz/Grape iMac which I think is great, but the 700 Mhz/Graphite blows it away. It is much faster and has many more accessories. You can now burn CD's on the iMac and there is much, much more memory space to make your iMac work at top-notch speed. I recommend that you get this iMac.
This machine served me well for several years and still runs today.  The iMac G3 700 mhz Snow SE is still my favorite mac and I will never get rid of it.  It is easy to work on compared to modern imacs and I have done several modifications to mine such as installing a super drive, 1 gig of ram, maxing out the storage with 128 gb of hard drive space, and recently installing bluetooth keyboard and mouse.  These machines are rare and will be or might be now highly collectable.  Like all macs it is built to last long past its usefulness as a main machine, but that does not mean it becomes completely obsolete.  Many are now juke boxes or hand-me-downs to younger sisters or brothers.If you can find one, buy it.
I have owned both a iMac 400 Mhz /DVD lime and now I have the graphite 700-MHz.  WONDERFUL computer!  I think I will always keep a new iMac on my desk at my office as long as they are around.  I put (2) 512 MB ram chips in and the thing is blazing fast!!!  I recommend you get it.
I don't understand much of computers, but I just can't think why do people use Windows PC if iMac exists... Let's start with the design, sweet, fantastic.. And Mac Os X is so much easier to use, so much better than Windows... Windows looks old-fashioned when compared to Mac Os X, looks really bad. The only thing that I do not enjoy about iMac is that there aren't many games for it. But this is still my favorite computer, so good, so beautiful, gorgeous.If you want a good computer, this is what you've been looking for. Once you become an iMac user.. You'll never come back to Bill Gates again.
This computer is AWESOME! I just got it and it has never frozen in the month that i've had it. It has alot (512 MB) of RAM which makes windows XP run great. The 1.7 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor is flawless and makes the computer run fast, very fast. The 80 GB hard drive is great for storing big files. It also has a great graphics card (GeForce MX 400) which makes  games such as Max Payne run really well, and the graphics card also has a whopping 64 MB of memory and an S-Video TV out port. The EA Games and EA Sports bundles that came with it includes awesome games, such as Need For Speed: Porcshe Unleashed, Simcity 3000 Unlimited, Tiger Wood's Pro PGA Golf 2001, Madden 2001, and Triple Play Baseball. DVD's run on it great, due to the fast DVD drive. And with the fast CD-RW drive and Roxio's Easy CD Creator 5 Software making CD's is very easy. The Smart Credit Card Keyboard is conveinent, if you have a Smart Credit Card and don't know what to do with it. The Ethernet Card is also a nice feature if you want to hook up a network, or if you have or want to get Broadband Communications. Overall this computer deserves 5 stars because it's a steal at ... and it has great features.
I own a lesser of the line of Compaq (I have a 950 mhz). I have tried Windows XP though. I find that Compaq is a very high quality product. It is up with Dell, above Hewlett Packard. I highly suggest that you do no purchase a Hewlett Packard because of many reasons (see my review on it). I like the audio, keyboard, and all the small things about a Compaq. CD-RW write drives are a must for the future. Windows XP is wonderful for multiple users. It has a sign in screen. You can personalize your sign in with things such as your own wallpaper, sounds, pointing arrow, etc. I also prefer Windows above Apple. Apple is only good if you are looking for the most simplicity.
This computer, i bought and it arrived yesterday.  It is really fast.  Team it up with a good sound system, and you will enjoy your DVD experience even more on your PC.  it is a fast DVD player.  12x DVD, 8x cd writer... complete!  It has network card installed for your broadband connections (DSL).Well... for me. i am completely satisfied.  this computer is fast. :)
This labtop notebook is one of the best things you can possibly get. Capable for all ages. This will be on everybody's gift list like how it is on mines.
Contrary to one of the previous reviews, this laptop DOES come with both an image restore cd AND an application/drivers cd as well. I'm using it as I type this review! I have also replaced the XP Home edition with XP Pro. No problems with the Home Edition of XP but I need Pro for business purposes. THIS IS A GREAT LAPTOP! I used to own an IBM Thinkpad which I adored because of it's reliability and sleek performance. (May it rest it peace...) The Presario 2701 smokes it speed wise and has proven to be very reliable in the field. The PIII Chip performs expectedly fast and the 512 MB of RAM gives it plenty of room to work with. The Toshiba CD-R has buffer underrun protection which came as a wonderful surprise. No more burning CD Coasters! Most laptops I checked out didn't have this benefit. The dual-optical bays allow for a DVD-ROM drive so I never have to switch CDs! I get looks of amazement when people see CD trays pop from both sides of the laptop. The big screen is a godsend and is crystal clear at 1400x1050, especially when using XP's Cleartype technology. The Radeon Mobility card is great with 3-D applications and games. Its run every 3-d application and game I've thrown at it. (i.e. Bryce, Max Payne, etc...) Lastly, the speakers are the best I've ever heard. [...] The richness and full bass that emitted from the JBL speakers blew away the rest. I really think this laptop is a terrific powerhouse of functions and should provide more than enough for both the Power User and computer enthusiast.
I've had the Presario for a week or so, and so far I have been really impressed. My initial concerns about possibly inferior Compaq quality (judging by my experience with their desktops) have been proven unfounded: this is a nicely crafted piece of machinery, good design, great ergonomics, solid, sturdy, ports nicely located, drive bays function well. You get everything you could possibly want in the way of connections and options - double USB, Firewire, PS/2, built-in modem and NIC, docking option, and with the two optical drives plus the drive bay battery you're really set to configure yourself for anything.This is *not* a Vaio killer - it has the heft of an old fashion laptop, but with that comes a sense that it'll last through a few hundred flights and being thrown around the office. If you don't mind the schlep you are rewarded with an incredible screen (with XP's Cleartype on it is simply astounding - I prefer it over my desktop's 15&quot; KDS RAD5 LCD screen), excellent performance (the PIII and 512Mb RAM makes most everything I've thrown at it hum along happily: Photoshop, Premiere, Quark Express, software development tools, VPN internet connections - so far not a single crash). I'll let others rave or rant about XP, but contrary to other reviewers here I've had no problems what so ever with the configuration shipped - it works out of the box, no problems. My other choice would have been a Dell Inspiron, but having compared the two, I'm confident I made the right choice.
I bought this laptop about 10 months ago because I required a computer, but being on the move, also needed portability.  The 2701US was the absolute best then, and 10 months later, not much has changed.  Many newer laptops have faster processors, going as high as 2GHz, however not many of them have 512 MB RAM.  It also used SDRAM, so you are getting high speed RAM as well.  The 15.1&quot; active-matrix display provides crystal clear display, with a wider viewing angle than most I've seen.  The feature that impressed me the most was the dual CD drives.  Most laptops with CD-RW and DVD drives have either a combo drive, or you have the swap the CD-RW and DVD drives in and out of the same bay.  This laptop actually has 2 separate drives, a DVD-ROM on the left side, and a CD-RW on the right side.  The CD-RW bay also doubles up as a hot-swappable 3.5&quot; floppy drive.  The dual drives make for great convenience when trying to copy a CD.  The DVD player is also a great feature.  There is nothing better than sitting on a long flight watching a DVD movie on your laptop.  It also passed a way a lot of waiting time in airports.  The only problem with traveling with the laptop is that the dual drives make for a laptop a little heavier than most.  If you can get past this single inconvienence, you will see that the features it has makes it worth the extra weight.  If you are looking for a gaming machine, this is not for you.  I am an avid video game player, and although this machine exceeded my expectations as far as compatibility goes, an 8MB video card can only get you so far.  Although this was able to smoothly handle most games that required a video card double that size, a lot of newer games require 32MB and beyond, and this absolutely cannot handle that.  It was able to handle a game as powerful as Ghost Recon and NHL 2002, however for some reason it was unable to handle games like Rollercoaster Tycoon and The Game of Life.  For normal application use, such as office programs, the internet, DVD movies, and even photo editing software, this ran perfectly.  I also use Macromedia Flash to make movies, and this had no problem handling that.  The battery life was outstanding on this computer, and it even came with a back-up that fits in the CD-RW bay.  Overall, the computer was pretty reliable.  The only crashes I had were when I tried to do things on it that a laptop has no business doing.  The boot up time was average speed for a laptop.  Now that I have settled down, I have sold my 2701US and bought a destop that is twice as powerful for 3/4 the price, but is not becuase I was dissatisfied with my 2701US.  It just that laptops are made for a specific purpose, and if you try to pretend this is a desktop and use it accordingly, you will be bitterly disappointed.  If you want a great Laptop computer, look no further.  The 2701US is a great buy.
This is the first computer I have ever purchased, and I could not be happier.  I was leary of paying more money for a laptop, but this unit was priced competetively and has everyhing I need, with the exception of the Windows Office Suite.  Media Player is a great way to stay entertained while working.  I simply love this laptop and cannot find a better deal anywhere.
I'm a computer fan and I've saved money for a whole year to be able to get finally a laptop that I've always dreamt of.To me, my dream laptop should be of high performance and low price at the same time. So I started looking in every computer store and combed through every product, but with no luck. Just when I started to give up, this one drew my attention.PIII 1G, 20G HD, 256M RAM, 14.1 LCD, Cyber Blade XP that supports openGL and D3D, 8x DVD, floppy drive, modem, LAN connector, various ports, everything you need is all in one Satellite 1805-s254. Most importantly, the price is so reasonable that at first time I just couldn't believe it.With my knowledge in computers, I knew a laptop with this configuration and price was the best bargain I could have. So I bought it immediately. I'm very happy I've made the right choice.
I'm not much into games and use my PC's mainly for business applications. For this purpose, the notebook is great value for money. The graphics is good, network connectivity is a snap (literally), it's fast, reliable, quiet and easy to carry around. I just ordered a wireless LAN card for it so I can use it anywhere in our house to access the internet or the other PC's.
Ive owned 5 Laptops in the last 5 years, and I can guarantee that this is the best cost/benefit Laptop in the market.
When i purchased this computer it was top of the line. It was released when P4 processors were only for Desktop computers due to power consumption and heat issues (Pentium m or Centrino didn't exist). The computer offers decent performance for office/home use and it is solidly build (have been carrying it arround for 6 years and the screen is perfect, no cracks in case and it just shows some discoloration in the palm rest area.) As you migth expect, battery is already dead, but now i use it for the kids to play, only with ac power (wise to remove the battery to prevent leaks)My 3 yers old daugther and her cousins keep playing kid's games in it and it has taken several hits due to frequent "it's-my-turn"fights and nothing has broken so far. The only thing i found really anoying for 2 days is that the Cyberblade Video Adapter is not totally compatible with xvid codecs so when you play xvid videos, frames freeze and the sound is choppy. The solution is to change the codec settings of the file to divx using a small freeware app (since they are compatible) and voila. Other option (maybe the best is to install ffdshow codec. Can't complain... hopefully it will loyally serve for another 2-3 years...!!! One of the best investmets i have made... even though i paid around $1400 for it in 2001. It was also one of the first laptops to come with windows XP on it. If you are looking for a remarket portable for using with XP on office or light multimedia use, this is a very solid choice.
Very solid performer with tech support to boot.  I have had this machine for a year now and have not had any major service calls at all.  I was recently given the opportunity by my employer to replace this notebook but I refused based on its performance and reliability.  The sturdy construction is an added bonus.  Congrats Toshiba for a fine product. Incidently I added the extended warranty just the other day because I absolutey intend to keep this machine for the long haul.
This laptop is quite useful..battery life is excellent at lasting for about 2.5 to 3 hours with normal use.  I finished Star wars Episode 1 before it was close to the battery running out.  The graphics are so so, this laptop is definately not ment for a gamer.  If you want a gaming laptop...get one with a Geforce 2 Go in it.  But other than that, this is an excellent laptop.
Toshiba just makes a great laptop. There are many things that make this one great. But, before I mention them, let me say that if you every need to reinstall or upgrade the operating system, make sure that you download and install the latest BIOS update. It seems that without the update, the machine's ACPI shuts the power off randomly.Besides that, I like the application shortcut keys above the keyboard that you can program to execute your most frequently used programs. The case has a great fan slot on the left side that keeps the inside air circulating out. I like the video out jack on the back. I use it to slideshow digital pictures on my TV. I like the feel of the keyboard and that panel to the RAM slot is on the bottom of the laptop and not under the keyboard on this model. The screen is bright and easy to see from all angles with 14.1 inch active-matrix display.The drawbacks that I've noticed in comparing it to my last Toshiba Satellite are that this one has the DVDROM drive on the right side where I use my external USB mouse. I wish it was on the left, or in the front with the floppy like my last Satellite. The modem jack is also on the right side and creates another obstruction for us who are right handed mouse users. The speakers are not as good as my last, and I haven't found a way to adjust the brightness and contrast of the screen. There may be a way but I haven't read of one yet. Lastly the Cyber Aladdin video card in this model does not have a compatible driver for Linux, even though the video card vendor says it is compatible with Linux on their web site. I've looked everywhere and cannot find one.Despite the drawbacks, I really like this laptop all-in-all. I think it is a very fair price for such all around quality. I am another satisfied customer.
While it's unlikely that this outdated 5-year old notebook will be on many wish lists this Christmas, I felt compelled to offer a dissenting opinion to the recent bad reviews given this notebook, and Toshiba in general, by a number of disgruntled owners.  First off, the model in question here (pictured above), and the one I purchased in November of 2001, is the S204 unit running a 1G Celeron chip, not the S254 Pentium III model referenced in many of the reviews here.  I do not own the Pentium III version and cannot comment on that model.As to the S204, I can only say that this notebook has been a perfectly-running workhorse for the 5 years that I've owned it, and is still going strong.  Beside the loaded features, including a floppy drive, DVD-ROM, ports galore, and a nice overall design, my unit has NEVER experienced any of the overheating/shutdown problems that have been raised here.  In fact, using the unit with a Podium notebook stand, this notebook actually runs surprisingly cool.  This was a well-reviewed notebook (at a bargain price) upon its release in 2001 and, for me anyway, it has lived up to its initial accolades.I am not calling hoax on the handful of bad reviews here but I do feel that the silent majority should be heard.  These unfortunate folks obviously got stuck with bad units and I'm sure their frustrations are warranted, but there is not a computer manufacturer on the planet that hasn't sold some lemons.  (Even the much-glorified Apple Macbook is now the subject of a class-action lawsuit).  Toshiba has been in the notebook PC business for a long time, has produced some fine products, and is always worth a look when shopping for a notebook PC.  I will certainly consider them for my next laptop purchase - that is, if and when my trusty S204 ever retires.
I was amazed how can a top computer (512 Mhz,1.1 Ghz), can be at this incredible price.i received mine and its state of the art, plus a beautiful presentation, highly recomended buy!!.
I love this laptop.  I bought it to use as a personal home computer, for working away from the office, quicken, etc.  It has been fantastic for that -- a very comfortable keyboard, easy on the hands, and a beautfiful screen that is a delight to the eyes.  I miss it when I am at work using my IBM Thinkpad, which is much stiffer and slower.  (Back when I had a desktop PC I preferred my Toshiba so much that I brought it to work -- the IBM Thinkpad is at least a tolerable alternative.)After having a chance to play around with it a bit, I have been so impressed with the audio and video capabilities that I find I use it way more than I have ever used a home computer -- I almost always turn it on when I get home just to play with it.  It is blazing fast, it looks and sounds fantastic.  I just got a digital darkroom so that I can do my photography on the computer.  I watch DVD's on it (it is great for travelling -- I used it to do my favorite yoga tape every day on my last vacation).  In short, this laptop is a joy to use.  My only complaint is that it is noisy, moreso than my Thinkpad, which makes it not so great for listening to CD's quietly.  On the other hand, the speakers are so good that you can listen to CD's loud enough to drown out the hum.  It is also gorgeous, sleek and stylish looking with a cool blue cover.Overall, I have absolutely no regrets about investing in this machine.  I have had it for about six months with no problems at all.
I'm a road warrior, travelling 10,000+ miles monthly for the last decade or so. I've owned many many laptops. This is BY FAR the best I've ever used. The Screen Resolution of 1600X1200 changes the way you use your computer. Built in CDR/DVD have been a lifesaver. I haven't missed/or needed any legacy ports (the 5005 doesn't have them)The Video is fantastic, the Harman/Kardon sound system superior to other laptops, and the 40Gb drive makes carrying 'spares' of CDs and data files routine.I have NO Complaints about this Toshiba, I've owned Big Laptops, Small Laptops, Name Brand (Sony, Dell, IBM, Compaq, Toshiba, Apple), and no names. This is simply the best I've ever used.
..Having been chained to an old Toshiba Tecra 700 CT for the last five years, I was ready to upgrade to something not only more powerful and reliable, but hopefully something that would look nice and have some fun features.I selected the Toshiba Satellite 5005-S504 because it was powerful - with 576 meg RAM, 30 gig hard drive, and a 1.1 Gigaherz procesor speed.  I especially wanted the large hard drive, since I will be using it for academic studies and I want to load some large reference programs into it.  After loading everything I have, I still have a huge amount of space left over, so I guess I will have to see what Amazon has left to sell me.The function of the machine is GREAT, and the way it handles graphics is awesome.  The dvd player works great, and the display really seems three-D.  One of the first things I did with it was to plug in Jurassic Park III, and the graphics were so good I thought that mother of a carnosaur was going to jump out of the screen and eat me.  I also loved the sound, although I soon afterwards added a larger amplified sound system.I was also thrilled that it was so easy to plug the machine into a television set.  I will be using a lot of Powerpoint and it will be nice not to have to use the old adapter system.The only drawback is that it has no serial or parallel ports, but since I networked it, it really doesn't matter.  I did purchase an adapter for the serial port, but don't expect to have to use it.In short, this is a great machine and I love it.
My parents bought me this mouse for my 21st birthday.  I'm 26 now (and only six months until my birthday) and the thing is still going like a champ. You would think after all this time a button would stop working or something would break, but it hasn't. Great resolution, very comfortable, and the thumb button is great for games and browsing.  The 800dpi is still very respectable and I've yet to find a wireless with the same power saving that this mouse has.  The only negatives to it is that over six years I've worn through the rubber on the thumb side :)  I'm on the computer most of every day so I've put many thousands of hours on this mouse.  Probably the best mouse ever made. No, wait.  It IS the best mouse ever made.
I bought this product and I use it for my RCA MSN.TV 2 System.I already have a corded mouse but,this mouse beats them all.Not only is it cordless but,it goes on any surface and you don't have to worry about cords getting in the way.Highly recommend,if you can get one at a reasonable price then buy it because you won't regret it.This mouse take 2 AA batteries and there is a reset button on the bottom of the mouse that you use a pen to poke with or you can use the usb part and reset it with the button there.I have my mouse on and I have a cover on my desk and it runs on it so smoothly.Just plus in the usb cord and put the thing wherever you want it and your set to go.
First Computer or not, this is the one for you. I've purchased Three iMacs for family members and my Church. (I've owned 5 Macs myself.) The iMac comes with software, games and more capabilities than many higher end models. Macs are simplier, faster and easier to use than any other computer on the market. How do I know? I work at a Major PC manufacturer in the IT department. But I use Macs at home. (I sometimes even have to use my Mac at work, just to get the "job done.") (...) Enjoy!
When I bought my first Macintosh almost 6 years ago, I thought it was the most amazing computer ever. Of course, I was in the 7th grade at the time....When it came time to buy me another computer for college, I thought this entry-level iMac would be perfect, and I was right!Mac OS X is incredible. Not only is it simple and aesthetically pleasing, but it's also remarkably efficient as well. Instead of a cluttered desktop, simply drag the stuff you would normally have there into the dock and presto! you have a nice clean desktop and one location for all the programs and documents you need.Digital imaging has also never been easier. I briefly had an inexpensive digital camera, and instead of all the hassle of installing the software to just download all the images into the computer, I just plugged it into the USB port and let my Mac do the rest!As in the past, the selection of readily-available games leaves A LOT to be desired. But most of these can be purchased online (like right here at amazon.com!) But don't expect to go to your local computer store and find aisles and aisles of games for Mac...I've had my new iMac for about 2 months now, and I have absolutely no regrets!
DeityLord below me has noted the lines and he's right, but there's an explanation in the manual which says these lines are normal for an aperture grill monitor. Matter of fact, I never noticed these (and I had to look hard) until I read his rating and that's because they're only &quot;highly&quot; visible when you're working on a white screen. Therefore, if your primary need is word processing, they could be annoying.Being as most of my use is internet and photo work, they're hardly there and from the moment I plugged it in, the 950 was perfect. It's a beautiful image, great colors, and I didn't have to do a single bit of tweaking as the factory settings were just the way I like them.The price is certainly right here, and at just over three hundred bucks (shop around!) this will do me just fine until the next upgrade or a better and newer technology becomes affordable.
Let me start by saying NEC manufactures outstanding monitors! I'm the conputer, data entry, secretary person at our family owned & ran automotive garage (we do fleet service for companies such as Art Van Furniture up here in Michigan). The Offices are directly connected to the service (garage) area. The office area accumaltes lots of Greasy dust, as well as our computers. This greasy dust has killed 2 computer systems but we have 2 9-yr old NEC MultiSync XV17 shadow mask monitors that are still running strong. The monitor I replaced was an NEC MultiSync XV17+ shadow mask monitor that was 10 years old & with a failing picture tube still gave great graphics.I had much apprehension about getting an aperture grille monitor because of all the hoopla about the 2 visible lines that run horizontially across the screen. In fact, I decided to go with the Pioneer 19" shadow mask space saver ...but after waiting weeks without it shipping I began looking again. I read various reviews that stated: if you play alot of games & do a lot of graphic intensive work on your PC then you want an aperture grille monitor. So I canceled the order for Pioneer monitor & Purchased this monitor instead.This is an awesome monitor. The graphics are extremely crip & clear. The anti-glare screen makes looking at the monitor for hours easy on the eyes. The price is unbelievably low for the quality.As for those 2 lines. They are visible, especially on really light backgrounds. But I had to stare long & hard to find both of them. They're extremely faint & about as thick as thin strand of light-gray hair. I use my computer to watch DVD's; to play games such as the Myst series & the Longest Journey; to run programs such as Bryce 3D & Poser; & to run Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, & Access). MS Word is the only program that I've noticed the 2 lines in, but once I get some text up on the screen the lines pretty much disappear into the background.If you spend most of your time in Word Processing programs then you should buy a shadow mask monior. If you run a lot of graphic intensive programs then you'll love this monitor.
At first I wanted a flat-panel monitor, but I realized that I could get a very-high quality big screen monitor for less money, like this one. The NEC Multisync FE950+ flat screen 19" monitor truly delivers high quality for a low price. It's bright and beautiful, even going up to 1792 x 1344 maximum resolution at 68 Hz, with a 0.25 to 0.27mm variable dot pitch. Most people will keep their resolution at 1280 x 1024, which enables a completely flick-free refresh rate at 85 Hz. There have been some comments about the two very faint lines which run horizontally. I didn't notice them at all except against completely white backgrounds (which are rare except for Word and some web pages). These barely noticeable lines are negligible and make little difference in the overall great quality you get with this monitor. Also- the comment has already been made that ALL aperture grille monitors have these two lines, and if you want great color and picture quality you'll have to go for an aperture grill monitor. Another great thing about this NEC is the small footprint it leaves for such a large screen size- the height, width, and depth are all roughly 17 " (which is quite small). There are numerous controls to customize the screen (size, color, etc), more control than you'll ever really need probably (but it's sure nice to have as many options as possible). Like all 19" monitors it's really only 18" viewable, but I find this to be big enough whether I'm surfing the web or watching a DVD. I really was pleased with this monitor; it's not very expensive and not too bulky, yet still delivers very high quality performance. I highly recommend this product.
The ONLY thing I can say that's negative about this monitor is that it's heavy. That's it. The color is beautiful, the picture is bright and crisp and crystal clear! I bought this monitor used and I'd buy it all over again. One of the best monitors I've ever owned!!!
Samsung has 2 lines of Dynaflat monitors, the DF's and the IFT you see here. Dynaflat is probrably the best flat screen technology in the industry. The .20 dotch pitch gives this monitor the clearest picture I have ever seen. Dynaflats are used by Graphics professionals, but are affordable enough for the home!The 700IFT boasts an awsome resolution for a 17 inch monitor: 2048 x 1536 maximum resolution at 60 Hz. That means, it can run a godly 1600x1200 picture with perfection!The IFT series is also very high quality, includes all the new technologies. It's also very healthy as far as monitors go, with the anti glare, anti static coatings.Some may say a 17 inch monitor is too small, but honestly, it isn't. It's the perfect size. Getting anything bigger is totally unnesessary and hurts your eyes.For the price Amazon.com charges, and the free shipping, you CANNOT beat this monitor at the price. I seriously doubt you will find another monitor as good as this one .... Unless you get a different model Samsung Dynaflat of course. But I assure you, this one is the best bargain, I have compared them all :)
I just got my monitor yesterday and I absolutely love it!  I was worried being that I have a small computer cart that I wouldn't have a lot of space with a 17-inch monitor.  It doesn't take up much more space then my old 15-inch monitor did.  This monitor is very sleek and takes up minimal space.  I love the scoop design in the back it makes it look very stylish and not just like a plain looking monitor.It was easy to adjust the settings.  So far I just have my resolution set on 1152 x 864.  I was used to 1024 x 768 before, but I am sure I will gradually increase the resolution after adjusting to it more.  I love all the choices it gives you to change your resolution to.  I checked out a lot of other 17-inch monitors and I did not see any that was able to match this ones ability to go up to 2048 x 1536.I am very happy with the quality of this monitor.  I am glad I made the decision to spend a little more for a high quality monitor.  I debated over and over with this monitor and the cheaper monitors which had fewer features.  I do freelance webdesign and this monitor is perfect for it.  Graphics and text look amazing.  It was very easy to set up and took only a matter of minutes.  This is definately a monitor for everyone from beginners to the professionals.Get this monitor you will love it as much as I do :)
This monitor is huge. And bright. The contrast is amazing, and the colors don't budge with your eye in one corner of the monitor looking across it, so I can almost believe the 170 degree viewing angle claim. I find it works better a little further back than most LCDs I've been used to due to the relatively large pixel pitch resulting from 1600x1200 at 21.3&quot; diagonal. Larger monitors further back are easier on the eyes because they don't require close focusing which causes strain. This monitor is the smaller sibling of the 240T, which is an otherwise identical monitor, with identical height and pixel size, but with a 24&quot; diagonal at 1920x1200 resolution. My wife and I are both computer professionals, and we have one of each at home. For working on the computer, the 240T is almost too large, and the extra width is all but unusable because windows at the sides of the screen seem far away.This monitor, like the 240T, accepts S-Video and composite (not component) video input, and does a reasonable job of de-interlacing and scaling. The major difference is that the 240T is high enough resolution for full 1080 format HDTV (1920x1080 pixels, 16:9 letterbox aspect ratio), which can be input via either DVI or VGA. This monitor, the 210T, can only manage 1600x900 for letterbox; both run 1600x1200 for regular TV 4:3 aspect ratio.DVDs played through the computer's DVD player and scaled by a decent graphics card look much better than those coming from S-video when there aren't too many motion artifacts (see my review of WinDVD 4); but many DVDs play so poorly on PC home theater DVD players that I fall back on the regular DVD player through S-video fairly regularly. For computer connections, DVI input is much much sharper than VGA input; if you get this monitor, it's worth upgrading to a graphics card with DVI output. Contrary to the manuals of the monitors and graphics cards, both the Radeon 9000 Pro 128MB and the Radeon 9700 Pro 128MB model had no problem driving the 240T and 210T at their full resolutions in DVI mode at the monitor's native 60Hz refresh rate.I'd like to see Samsung's new DVD HD931 player that provides progressive format (de-interlaced) DVI output, which should be optimal for this monitor (and the 240T). The home theater review sites love the HD931 player and the whole concept of connecting via DVI. The only reason I don't have the DVD HD931 is that the monitor only has a single DVI input, and it's in an awkard, though space-saving, vertical arrangment. Turns out that DVI routers are expensive, so plugging in two DVI inputs to a single monitor doesn't seem practical yet.The best part is that this is the second giant LCD I ordered by Samsung and both came with zero stuck or dead pixels, which is just amazing.This is the silver one.  There's also a black one.
I paid ...and am getting a ...rebate + a software package that includes Corel Draw and office 2k. I find this to be a bargain.I am pleased with the AMD processor's performance, and XP seems to be really stable by current standards. And it has the DVD and the writer(not to mention 10 levels of blasterball!).I was comparing for weeks before the buy, and found that this one gives the most bang for the buck.
I bought this computer almost a month ago, and I am VERY pleased with it! The display is great, I love the combo CD/RW-DVD drive. I use the computer with my home network on a cable modem, and I have never been happier with a computer and internet connection combination! It is fast, powerful, and easy to use. Plus, the price listed on this site is the lowest I have seen (lower than I even paid, unfortunatly!). The only problem I found is this: I took the laptop with me on my trip last weekend, and I found that the speakers weren't loud enough to be heard over the dull roar of the airplane. (There were three of us trying to watch a DVD.) Then when we got a group together in the hotel room, it was kind of hard to hear the movie well from across the room. I don't have that problem at home because I use a speaker system. This computer makes it so I don't need to buy a home DVD player. It comes with all the cables needed to connect it directly to your television (RCA video connector). You will need to supply your own cable to connect it to your sound system. Great buy! I love my computer and wouldn't trade it!
Many people tried to steer me away from this machine because of Windows XP, and because of the service convenience that comes with other top price brands. I went with this one anyways and could not be happier. It has more bells and whistles than I have been able to figure out yet, and performs like a champ.  Very, very satisfied!
My computer crashed right at the same time I was graduating for high school.  As part of my graduation present, my Dad got me this.It has almost everything a 1st year college student it going to need.A monitor didn't come with the computer, but I had the one from my old computer, so it wasn't a big deal.  If you don't have a monitor already, get an HP monitor that matches, so you can hook the speakers on the sides.The computer comes with Microsoft Works, which is a great program, but doesn't have all the features that I needed.  Microsoft Office has PowerPoint, which is essential for giving presentations.I would also suggest, if you have the option, of getting the extended service plan.  I have a 3 year plan on hardware and my hard drive crashed and was replaced for FREE!  I had the computer for 2 years before that happened.
I've had my Sony PCV-RX540 for over three years now, which is about 75 years old when translated into human years!  I paid $750 for it brand new and it has proved itself to be the best investment I have made thus far in my life.  With most PC's at least one component of the hardware would have failed within that period of time, but (knock on wood) she still runs almost like I just bought her yesterday.  The only modifications I have made were the addition of 256 more MB of ram, bringing it to 512, which is sufficient to run AutoCAD, Photoshop, several browser windows, and a few other applications with ease, even with the 1.2GHz processor.  I somehow managed to almost fill up the 60 GB hard drive, but it's only because I've backed up my entire CD collection at very high quality bit rates (196 Kbps!).  In the 3 years I have owned it, I have never seen the "blue screen of death," and the only reason it froze on me at times were due to software issues, specifically with how PC-Cillin (anti-virus software) interacts with Windows XP's "built-in" file zipping service, which was easiliy remedied by disabling it.  I have dealt with a lot of PC hardware, and usually build my own PC's but decided to be lazy this time around.  Sony has designed an amazing case which is *very* sturdy and opens up easily, with frequently upgraded/replaced components such as the hard drive and memory in easily-accessible areas.  Beware of reviews of computers that complain about compatibility issues, etc. - those reviews are off-topic since we are reviewing the computer itself, not Windows!  If you are thinking of buying this PC used, GO FOR IT, unless it looks like it was kicked around or smashed with a hammer!
I am a PC fanatic and I love to build them and I must admit that this Sony computer is the best for the buck. I purchased my computer in November 2001 and I have no problems what so ever. I have already installed a second 40 GB hard drive, a 32MB AGP video card with TV out ( the onboard video card only has 4MB ), an optical intellimouse, additional 256MB memory to max out at 512MB, Sound Blaster Live sound card, and I still stayed under my...budget limit for a new computer. Needless to say I have a very impressive unit and it hums right along. The included software is pretty much useless, so I installed AOL 7.0, Microsft Works 2002, Easy CD Creator 5.1, and a host of games which placed my total cost for everything at 1,200. I must say, for all that I placed into this computer, if I purchased the same thing anywhere else, with everything included, I would have spent at least 3,000. I am very impressed with Sony and very pleased with my PCV-RX540. Software loads easily, drivers for anything are a breeze (ensure you have Windows XP compatible drivers), and CD burning and watching DVD's is simply amazing. I have made two home videos with the VCD software included with Easy CD Creator 5.1 which I have veiwed on my DVD player. A simply great computer! Get it while it is hot. Very easy to upgrade! I know my money was well spent!
I just bought my first Sony RX550 yesterday and it is amazing how this thing runs.  It is blazing fast with graphics programs and online games.  The CD-RW runs without a hitch and the DVD-ROM plays crisp, clear movies on my monitor without any lag at all.  The only problem I am having is the network card connecting to my other PC, but that is no big deal.  I can live without the network.  I did not purchase the Sony monitor with the VAIO, I prefer to use Samsung SyncMaster 753DF.  Beautiful color at any reselution.  If I could give it 6 stars I would, good job Sony.  Keep up the good work.
I bought a Sony PCV-RX series computer 6 months ago and it has performed nicely. My systems is a RX 463 model, with a 1.4 GHz Pentium 4 Processor, 400 Mhz Front Side Bus, 128 MB RDRAM, 40 GB Hard Drive Storage, Dual CD-RW, DVD-ROM drives and Win ME stage. The computer is very stable: I have had ZERO system program since I purchased it. And for the price, I think it is very hard to beat it. Computers of comparable price, do not deliver the kind of performance, hardware, and software that this little VIAO machines deliver.The computer is lightning fast... the machine can be loud at times, but do not let that deter you. Most computers have some level of noise.  The Hard Drive is great: I beat the crap out of my Hard Drives, saving, deleting, moving, downloading, etc, etc, and NO problems! So it is the perfect computer for you if you want a digital video/audio editing workshop. My model is actually on the lower end of the series and is still better than most PCs in my experience.  If you are a gamer, then this is an excellent choice as well. The GeForce 2 graphics card is powerful!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Superior.
I have been searching for a computer with a DVD-Rom, CD Burner, Good Graphics, And Big And Fast Ram & HardDrive! I looked @ Dells, IBM, Gateways, & E-Machines, But This Was The Best! Everbody Said To Buy A ComPauq, but compauq's stink! I looked for over 4 months for onw with all the stuff i wanted and with the best price! I Would give this computer 5(*****) Stars! I would recommend this computer to anyone, whos out there looking for a new PC! This is the best computer out on the market. Good Luck!
I just bought this unit about a month ago. The instructions to set up the unit were simple to follow. The tower is one good looking unit, and the neon blue light on the front gives an expensive look. The system came feature packed with a whole bunch of software that is geared towards the home user. It came with Corel draw, SonicStage, PhotoShop, etc. The hardware components are also configured with the home user in mind. Start-up and Shut-down times are lightning fast (but then again, my previous computer was a 166MHz). The audio card is good, and I enjoy listening to music on this computer. The speakers are good, but I don't think audiophiles would be impressed by them. The DVD player works smoothly with the 32MB graphics card. It's a satisfying combination. The CDR-W is fast and it burns cd's at 16X, just 4-5 minutes to copy a CD! However, the CDR-W doesn't read certain cds sometimes. I think it may be a problem with Sony, since other owners have had similar experiences as well. Also, this is a noisy unit. It gets loud sometimes, especially when the cooling fan kicks in or one of the CD drives is used. I didn't buy a monitor with the unit; I think Sony monitors are very expensive for the performance they offer. I am still shopping around for monitors. Overall, I like my Sony Vaio computer and am satisfied with the performance and features. I would recommend this computer.
I had three nightmare HP Pavilion 7940s, in only three months.  They literally took a summer and a fall out of my life.  Then, I bought this Sony.  Quite literally, it has turned me into a com-puter freak.  It has me roaming the Internet, downloading, uploading, reloading, uninstalling, and then reinstalling, just to play with it!  I even subscribed to about ninety tech emags and regular magazines because it has opened up my interest that much in the new technology!  It is fast, efficient, and ridiculously stable.  It is not normal not to crash like this one never does.  Also, it came with XP, which is the best thing Bill has done since '95.  The HPs had ME, which is proof that terrorists have siezed contol of our nation's computer systems.
I bought this computer 10 years ago and put it into service on April 15th 2002.  It's job is to stream 8 live video cams on the web 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This computer is NEVER turned off.  2 years ago, after 8 years of constant running use, I replaced the Western Digital hard drive.  Since then it's worked perfectly for 2 more years.  Now it's making a funny sound so I'm online looking for a replacement part.  I don't want to buy a new computer because this one is already configured exactly how I need the streaming videos to appear on my websites, so I just want to get this one running againn.  For for 10 years of great service, I think that is a great testament to the great quality Sony puts into their computers.BarbieWorld's Biggest Exhibitionist
I have had three Sony Vaio computers over the last couple of years, and none has let me down.  This latest Vaio is no different, with sleek styling and great performance.  The machine is quiet, fast, and didn't cost me an arm and a leg even with the 19&quot; FD Trinitron monitor that I also bought along with the system unit.  Highly recommended - do yourself a favor and buy a Sony!
As you can see by just looking at the picture, the Vaio looks great, Sony is about the only computer company other than Apple that cares about its looks. The computer it self is great, it comes with everything you need. The processor is more than enough for any type of user, the ram is decent, for regular user that should be enough, but others might want to upgrade to 512mb, that only cost [price] so that isn't a big deal. The hard drive space is awesome; you can never run out, 80 GB, that's the second largest hard drive out there. The CD-RW is blazing fast; you can burn a full CD in about 4-6 minutes. And for those of you that own any Sony Digital Imaging or Video products, it gets even better, there is a I-Link port in the front of your computer, for easy access, and the Vaio comes pre-loaded for all the software you need. This computer is nearly perfect, the only extra that it's missing is the DVD-RW, but you wouldn't expect that in a computer selling for [price] (...). The Sony reliability factor is also an added reason for buying this computer, it never breaks down, it is flawless. For [price], this is the best computer on the market.
I own 7 of these laptops, which we used in our organization during international conferences.  These laptops are shipped across the country several times a year, used by numerous people, and have not let us down.  One time I had a few of the laptops stacked on a cart, one of them slipped off, fell about 3 feet, hit the carpet-covered concrete floor (this was in a convention center) on it's corner, and rolled a few times.  The thing was powered on, and didn't miss a beat!  (BTW, I don't recommend trying that one at home...)  I just upgraded all of them from 98 to XP Pro, and they are humming along better than ever.
The Hewlett-Packard Omnibook XE3 Notebook is an unexpected pleasure for me, and it came as the sweet reward of my long quest for a new computer.I had been looking for a replacement of my now seriously outdated Dell Latitude with Windows 98 for some time.After being inundated with sales brochures from Dell, IBM and others, I looked into different laptops and I thought that an IBM ThinkPad A series might do the job at reasonable cost.I then encountered several problems in my dealings with IBM. First, the model I requested was not available. Then I was told that a comparable model was available, but there would be additional costs in adding the features I wanted. Weeks later, with the projected delivery day having been missed, I was told that the second model was unavailable and yet another substitution was made. Eventually, after yet another few weeks went by with no computer in sight I cancelled the order.It dawned on me that my best mail order experiences had been with Amazon.com, and I remembered that they sold computers as well. So, I logged on and started searching for the laptop computer of my dreams. I was pleasantly surprised to find available systems with the features I wanted, and then some, at a lower price than the IBM of my dreams.I saw the "Order By Phone And Get Expert Advice" box on the product description page and, voila, the expert spoke my language and he knew the details of my computer dreams. I was shocked when he said that that the system I wanted was ready to ship on the same day, free shipping included. I ordered it, scheduled to be shipped on the same day and to be delivered 3 days later. It arrived a day ahead of schedule!But the pleasures of this transaction did not end with early delivery. When I opened the box in which my new HP notebook arrived I was delighted to see so little inside. Less is more, because an all-inclusive computer is better than using tangled cables to connect multiple components. And this computer has everything built into an amazingly compact package.Plug and play at its best is when you plug and, well, just play. I plugged and I played and played and played. This laptop packs all the best buttons and LCD indicators in the right places and in the right shapes for the most intuitive interaction that I have had in my decades long computer experience. If you want to get on the Internet, just tap the "WWW" button. For e-mail, press the button with the envelope picture on it. You want a button to do something unique, just use the available programmable button. The short front faade of the laptop has buttons for multimedia, such as on/off, play/stop, pause/end, forward, rewind, volume up and volume down. This is so much easier than clicking Windows settings.The built-in CD-ROM drive is a marvelous combination data reader, CD maker and DVD player. The included network outlet made connecting to the Internet via my DSL modem as simple as just plugging in a cable (interestingly enough my DSL connection is much faster on the HP Omnibook). The built-in diskette drive beats having to first remove a CD drive to put this in, as in my old laptop.There are jacks for every sort of connection I can dream of. A telephone jack for the built-in dialup modem, a network jack for my DSL connection, an IBM style jack for an external mouse or keyboard, microphone jack, headphone/speaker jack, two USB ports, a parallel port where I plugged in my old laser printer, a VGA port, AC adapter, an infrared port, TV output port (wow!), a Kensington lock security connector (in case you work for the State Dept...), and PC cards for everything else. To pack all these things with the three included drives, battery, keyboard, big screen and powerful CPU together, and to present them in such a user-friendly fashion in a small, light package is HP's fantastic accomplishment, not to mention the great boost to my ego.What a joy my new computer is. Windows XP makes things easier all around, but to me the greatest advantage is that there is no more crashing and no more despised "scandisk". This computer never needs to be turned off. It just goes to sleep when you don't use it and wakes up on command."Less is more" also applies to instructional material. No need for encyclopedia sized manuals here. The only book that accompanies this marvel of self-sufficiency is the small "Startup Guide". It has pictorial descriptions of the multiple buttons, jacks and bays and short sections on using, traveling, configuring and troubleshooting, none of which I have had the need to use.I give the HP Omnibook experience top marks. I have been involved with computers for over thirty years and, finally, I am in love.Bravo HP for living up to a long reputation for user friendliness. Bravo Amazon.com for making this transaction so pleasant and satisfying.Pros: Top features in a small package at a low price. This computer has what you need and it also anticipates what you may need in the future.Cons: The only "con" I can think of is that the price went down after I bought it. I guess now more people can fall in love with their own HP Omnibook.
Since I owned a number of IR (infrared) capable printers -- a HP 990 Cse, a HP 1315 Photo Smart, and a portable HP 350 cbi -- to which I print (via IR) from my Palm V and Sony Clie 760c (utilizing Docs to Print which is available from ISComplete.com), I had originally purchased this HP XE3 laptop so that I could also print wirelessly -- via IR -- to all of the above devices.Since all of the aforementioned printers are already wired (via USB cables) to other desktop computers (in my home and office), having the ability to print from my laptop -- without having to reroute the printer's existing connections -- has been very helpful.(The XE3, strangely, was delivered with the IR port deactivated.  But I was able to turn it on after finding the instructions within the computer's &quot;HP Library.&quot;)I have since purchased a HP 995 Bluetooth printer, and a 3Com Bluetooth PC card which allows my laptop to communicate to it.Whereas before, with IR, I needed to be within a dozen-or-so inches and be line-of-sight with the printer; the Bluetooth connection, by comparison, allows me to be within 30 feet of the printer with line-of-sight not required!Needless to say, using Bluetooth technology to print from one's laptop is vastly superior to IR technology.  (For my Palm, however, since placing the Palm close to the printer is not as cumbersome, IR works just fine.)The XE3, having 512 MB of RAM and 30 GB of hard disc space, is more than adquate for my needs, (even as I now discover digital music and photography, both of which are great).  The CD-RW is convenient for recording music and for making discs of downloaded software patches.  And the DVD player is wonderful for watching movies.This is a great computer.  I still use my XE3 to print via IR to my older non-Bluetooth printers.  But if I had it to do all over again -- I would buy more Bluetooth printers!
First off all Dell or Gateway could not build this computer, Try to price one with all this has, A miniDisc recorder, Tv recorder, Enhanced sound system, Firewire ports, Optical outputs, Dobly Digital, Tv tuner, FM tuner, and on and on, If they could get the stuff this machine has I bet it would cost even more, For the person who wants a complete Audio,TV, DVD, Minidisc recorder, complete home system, No one else even comes close to offer such a machine.
Ok, bottom line, let me say that this is one super computer. The software alone is great ... (Record/Edit/Transfer DVD movies, Listen to your favorite FM stations, Record TV and transfer them to DVD, and of course old stuff like copy CDs) (...). I have just 3 words for you people thinking of buying this fine machine ..... BUY THIS COMPUTER !!!
You might read that this level of computer is for the "entry-level" and beginner. Well, I've had a computer of one type or another since PRE-Windows 3.1! Yes, DOS days. And this is an excellent choice for the money. Check around. Most others with a DVD and CD-RW drive are [price]. And these things could not be easier to set up. 10 min. out of the box, easily. And, it could not be easier to add memory (which is what I did today). Click a switch, pull the side panel off. Drawbacks? Personally, I don't like the CD holder out front. And Windows XP is still pretty qerky, despite the massive hype. It especially doesn't like older hardware (surprise, surprise). But with some tweaking, everything is working. And Windows XP is certainly the most stable OS you'll ever see.Overall, a good deal.
This model addresses some of the short-comings of the 5400. It is, for just a little more money, already network/broadband-ready (it has a built-in network interface card). It also adds double the RAM, double the hard drive space and a little bit better CPU (processor speed), though this is still a Celeron-based computer and as such will not be great with complex graphics tasks (eg. gaming and CAD). In any case, for the price, this is more than adequate for most users and is clearly a great buy.
We were forced to eliminate the office at home to accommodate our expanding family.  This laptop has made me excited about the whole endeavor.  If you can look past the fact that I am getting about the same hardware that is in my 1 year old desktop, for twice the price, then it's all good.I really couldn't ask for more from a laptop.  The screen is big, and beautiful.  The dual optical drives (DVD & CDRW) are an awesome configuration for a laptop.  I currently have the CDRW swapped with the extra battery that came with the computer.  The included extra battery was a total surprise, and great considering it's often a [pricey]option on most laptops.  I also bought a D-link wireless router and wireless LAN adapter;  now I'm surfing from all over the house.  How sweet it is!!If you want to part with your desktop, and not compromise you capabilities, this is a great choice.  But beware, this baby is heavy.  No problem going from one room to another, but I wouldn't want to lug this thing around on the road.
I bought this laptop about 3 months ago, and it's perfect for everything I do. I use it for games, 16mb of memory on Presario 2715us is very good for games, but in presario 2700us, and 2710 there is only 8mb of video memory wich is not enough for good new games. Speed on Presario 2715 is enough for every game, and every program, It has 2cd-rom drives, wich is so convenient. You can watch DVD, and record something at the same time. The quality of DVD player is so clear, even clearer then in Sony, and DELL. It is a bit heavy to carry around, but it is perfect for replacing desktop. 15" of display size is great. The only problem I see is that if I want to use a floppy disk, I need to take one cd drive of. The same goes for second battery. Battery life is very long. 3hours, and after three hours the screen becomes darker, and darker, and darker every minute. I'll give you one advise. ...Watch, it's really heavy if you want to carry it back and fourth.
I purchased my Compaq 2715 about two months ago and I have had nothing but success with it.  I have tried taxing the system by watching a DVD while recording a CD-RW and had no problems with it.  It is not designed as a carry notebook but rather a desktop replacement.  The processor is very fast and the 30 gig hard drive is very beefy to say the least.  The 15'' screen displays DVD movies nicely and the 16mb video card keeps you in step with some of the heaviest games on the market today.  The only problem I have had is selling my desktop.  This notebook is worth every penny!
I got this computer to take to class for notes, communicate on a high-speed network, entertainment, and to edit digital videos.  I've had it for less than a week but I love all that it does with the power of Windows XP.  If you have the $$ for a high end desktop replacement you may want to wait for the faster Pentium IV notebooks with Rambus (RDRAM) or DDR.  Everything works great; don't forget to go to //windowsupdate.microsoft.com to keep it up to date and keep the personal information flowing to M$.Networking via the firewire port hosts the fastest file transfers I have ever seen.  Sound quality is good enough for my taste, video flows fluidly, DVD playback works better with MS Windows Media Player than with the provided software.Notable: must remove a cd drive to put in the floppy disk drive or second battery.  It is also a little heavier than some of the other laptops out there.  The adapter that plugs into the wall goes through a small box a little larger than a deck of playing cards like so: pc--------[=]---------wall.  After a short while one of the pixels on the display will only glow green, it isn't very noticeable though and this is something that occurs with almost every flat panel screen whether on a laptop or desktop flat panel display.  It takes a careful hand to snap CDs into the drive too.  This model is similar to the 2701 so comments to that model are also applicable here.
I know this review is late and this computer is already out of date, but I have had this 2715US for 2 years and it has worked flawlessly.  No problems at at.  If you are looking for a good used computer this is the one to have.  The dual optical drives are great.  The CDRW works great.  I have probably burnt 50 or more CD's.  The DVD is great with very good screen resolution.  We use the computer as a in car DVD player on road trips.  It keeps the kids entertained.  Games work great.  Tomb Raider AOD has worked great, without any problems, as well as Medal of Honor.  I have it networked with 2 other computers with out any problems.  So far I have experienced no PIXEL BURN OUT as previously mentioned in other reviews.  I have 2 other computers, a desktop P3 1.13 and a XXXX noterbook with a Athlon 1.0 GH cpu and the 2715US is a lot faster and more reliable than the other 2.  My wifes prefers this computer to her XXXX laptop.  The mouse works great.  The speakers sound excellent comparabel with some portable boom boxes.  I could go on an on.  I highly recommend this computer to anyone.
Hello, I have had the 2715us for about 4 years now.  I am in school and have used the computer very heavily including the floppy, CD drive and burnt about a gad zillion Cd's before it wasn't so illegal.  I think the Cd's I burned payed for the computer.  Right now there is nothing wrong to report with the computer but I have been thinking about selling it to get a 17 inch screen laptop.  I have looked everywhere on line and have not found a used one for sale anywhere.  I figure people must be hanging on to them.  The 2715US is a great concept in a computer.  A laptop cannot ever get "too light" but I did not think the weight of the 2715US was a big issue for me.  I knew what I was getting into when I bought it.  I have looked at many computers and when I buy new I will miss the floppy drive but that is just me.Take care,Bill
I have had the 715 for one week. For the money, I think it is a good buy. I had trouble finding any review (any) of this model. However, after a week I would say the following:Pros: Price, DVD/CDr, keyboards, speed, portabilityCons: Screen, shared memory, chinsy plastic snap cover for ports in backBottom line- this is my 6th laptop in my life. I had a Compaq Presario 305 that I thought was [junk]... Battery "broke?" Performance was lousy. I am a systems analyst and work alot with computers. I am impressed with the 715 keeping in mind, I only paid $... My Dell Inspiron 7000 parked next to me, cost $.... This smokes the Dell. Plus, DVD play back has been nice as is the integrated CD writer. Fun! I have a minidisc recorder and wanted something to compliment my audio interest (habit).I recommend this for anyone who does not need a really hardcore system. For most of us, this seems to be a really nice laptop. Looks cool too.Regards.
you already know what it's specs are so i won't bother writing about that.  Not only does these notebook loke good but it has the best processor(AMD Athlon 4). It's the most powerful for a laptop due to Pentium 4 does not run on such a thin laptop.Price is GOOD AND THESE PRODUCT SHOULD BE RATED 10/5(SOME HOW?)
I am a computer science major at Georgia Tech, and needed a laptop for my programming courses.  I bought the 715us because it was relatively cheap compared to other models, and it was/is one of the most powerful notebooks I found on the market. I have been extremely happy with it so far.  Windows XP works flawlessy, as do all the programs.  But since I needed linux for my classes, I decided to dual boot it into Mandrake 8.1  IT'S AWESOME!  Mandrake was incredibly easy to install, and detected most of the hardware for me.  Things to note:So far, the sound WILL NOT work under linux.  I have seen others complaining about this on the internet, and so far no solution.The hard drive does not support more than three partitions.  If you are going to dual boot, keep this in mind.All in all, it flies.  The 200 mHz fsb makes an amazing difference.  The only con I think I have with it is a short battery life, but hey, what laptop doesn't.
Where other computer manufacturers make beige boxes, or, in the case of laptops, functional devices that can hardly be described as aesthetic trendsetters, Apple Computer revels in turning out eye-catching (and head-turning) industrial designs, time after time. Such is the case for the Titanium G4 Powerbook, an example of which I've had for nearly a year now. And, each time I remove this Powerbook from my carrying case and open it up in the presence of others, it never fails to generate "oohs" and "ahhs" from them, such is the mystique of Apple's proficiency at sleek styling and stunning display and performance.I was an "early adaptor" to the Macintosh, dating back to the late-1984 512K "fat Mac." Since then, the Mac has been my preferred platform, and I only use Wintel machines when I have no choice in the matter (for example, at my business, which is run on a Wintel LAN). Typically, a Mac design will last me approximately five years (some three times the industry average), so that, when it is time to upgrade, the improvements in performance become truly meaningful (and dramatically noticeable).The Titanium G4 Powerbook certainly didn't disappoint me in this respect. It has blazing speed - in terms of both display of files and web pages and read/write performance - and it has a "killer" color LCD display that is the envy of all who see it. With its titanium and carbon fibre construction, it is robustly built to last forever (certainly well past my typical five-year upgrade cycle). Equally important, the choice of construction materials - and the industrial design - seem simply perfect. The keyboard has a perfect tactile feel to it, and the built-in CD/DVD drive can create more than its fair share of envy when one inserts a "letterbox" DVD to watch a movie.This construction (and these features) come at a very modest weight cost. While the G4 Powebook weighs in at slightly over 5 lb, it offers integrated features that other, lighter, laptops simply cannot match without adding peripherals (and of course weight).There isn't much NOT to like about this one-inch-thick masterpiece. The thickness has reduced the PCMCIA slots from two to one (but so many other ports are built in that this is hardly a concern), the CD/DVD drive is of the slot, rather than drawer, variety, and there is no Audio-In jack (despite there being plenty of space for it). This last is common to all recent-vintage Macs, for which users will need to obtain a third-party USB audio-in adapter.Macintoshes had pretty much always come at a price premium: If you want the industrial design, the features, and the OS, you should be prepared to pay for these. But, with this latest laptop, the playing field is much more level. While it is true that the Titanium G4 Powerbook is not "cheap," it is no more expensive than a Wintel alternative that has the same features. That is, if you could find a Wintel laptop that has this quality of industrial design and construction and this magnificent display.The fact is, simply, that you can't. This machine is in a class by itself.Bob Zeidler
i purchase a new powerbook about every other year. i say this every year, but this machine rocks! it is amazing how fast it is &amp; and as usual get tons of attention everywhere i go.  this powerbook is extreamly fast, the screen is amazing, and its dvd/cd burner work without a flaw.2200 is a great value for what you get!
The first thing that will strike you about the PowerBook G4 is the screen.  There is no bigger screen on a laptop, and it is gorgeous and bright.  Unlike other laptops, the screen is oriented like a widscreen television.  Watching DVDs on the built in player is a dream simply due to the sheer size of the display and its vibrant colors.  The second thing you will notice is how light and thin it is.  It is the only laptop on the market made from titanium, and not cheap metal plating or some other heavier alloy.  It is a joy to carry around, and looks in size and over all color like one of those metal notepads that contractors carry around--only, in the true Apple tradition, the attention to detail and excellent design more closely resembles something you might see on Star Trek.  It is also fast.  In head to head tests with a Sony laptop with a faster rated Pentium chip, it outperformed the Sony in task after task.  You can also burn CDs.  It comes will Apples indescribably easy "i" applications (iMovie, iPhoto, and iTunes), and can easily be used as a portable film editing station, recording studio, or photo editing and storage hub.  As importantly, the operating system--not Windows, but OS X--is a breath of fresh air.  It blows Windows away with its stability, beauty, and ease of use.  Trust me.  You'll never go back to Microsoft, except, perhaps, for Microsoft's just released Office for OS X (which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Entourage), which is far more advanced and useful than its Window's counterpart.The other reviews listed here which paint the PowerBook G4 as a poor computer are bizarre, to say the least.  There is no truth whatsoever to these criticisms.  Indeed, it has a battery life of four solid hours in my experience, far greater than any Windows computer, and OS X is fast and stable.  It hasn't crashed for me yet.Highly recommended.
When you are buying a Picasso, you can't expect to pay discount. The Powerbook G4 is a premium computer, and you pay a premium price. What you get puts similar PC-based products to shame, except, alas, on price.The biggest advantage of the PBG4 -- besides, of course, the operating system -- is design efficiency and elegance. Despite having a 15.2-inch screen and a fast processor (one optimized for intensive video applications and presentations), the PBG4 weighs just 5.4 pounds and is stunningly slim at 1-inch thick. Check your average [local store] ad for similarly equipped laptops and they simply can not compare.Take Sony's new VAIO GRX for example. It boasts a "gigantic 16.1-inch screen." Okay, great. I'd love a 16-inch screen too. But then, in the fine print, is this laughable phrase: "Just 8.4 lbs. and 1.8" thin."Let's see, sounds like a great tradeoff, doesn't it? You get about 12 percent more screen real estate, 55.5 percent more weight and 80 percent more bulk (and faster battery drain to boot).The Sony is about 15 percent cheaper, mind you, but I already told you about that part, right?Let's compare Apples to apples, then, shall we? A new VAIO model with a 15-inch display and Combo drive sells for about a grand less than Apple's top-of-the line Powerbook, and a few hundred below the bottom-of-the line. You would think with a smaller display, maybe they could take out some of that bulk? Naw. This one is "Just 8.6 lbs. and 1.8" thin."I don't know about you, but if the Sonys bulk up any more, their owners will be able to throw out their old "Body By Jake" video tapes.By the way, you might also consider buying Apple's 3-year protection plan. Sure, it's expensive, but if you bought that Picasso, would you take it with you on an airplane (not to mention through overzealous security guards) without insurance?
After owning this machine for a few months I am convinced I will never buy  desktop machine again. This is the powerbook I have been waiting for. While not as powerful as some of its desktop brothers it easily breezes through most of the main apps I use (mainly DTP apps). My wife loves to edit on my machine using FCP 3 and her Canon GL1 (she also loves the dual display support which is flawless). I can't wait till all apps are OS X native. But finding unix apps ported for X has been easy, and running apps in classic has been smooth sailing so far. For most users this will be an excellent desktop computer replacement as well as a moblie computer.
I've just bought one of these (the one without de CDRW) and am VERY happy with it . You just can't imagine how fast this thing is ( I have a G4 Cube 450Mhz). Great investment, great WOW factor  in meetings. A little bit heavy... but that's about the only negative thing I can say about it . It also came with OS X 10.1 wich is awesome! it just doesn't crash!
For those who need a really stylish computer for an office space, I would definitely recommend this computer. True to Mac tradition, this computer is very stylish and ergonomic, but also provides some very nice features any computer enthusiast will like.First off, I really like the swivel monitor. Because of its good design, the monitor is easy to adjust, and stays in place once it is set.  Also, because of the design, the computer takes up very little space on the desk, which leaves plenty of space for all the paperwork you have to do.  :)  Despite its size, this Mac contains a wide array of features that have been cleverly integrated including Airport cards, CD-Rom, and so on.Lastly, I need only say that it runs very fast, and the flat screen is very clear and sharp. As far as Macs go, this should be one of the first on your list. It makes a wonderful computer for work and office, and like most Macs, it will last you a long time. I consider it a worthwhile investment.
I ordered my iMac in Feb and had to wait 5 weeks for it.. It just about killed me... When it finally got here the wait was sooo worth it...The new iMac is impressive as is OS X..This mac only takes up about 11 inches on my desk, I had it set up and running in 10 mins.. The mouse plugs into the keyboard the keyboard plug into the back of the mac and  plug the power cord into the power outlet...Thats it!!!! I have so much more room now.. The screen is the best I've ever seen on a computer it is so crisp and moves with one finger to any height and stays there..The dock in OS X is my favorite thing about X .. You can put all your programs and documents in it ... Everything is one click away just click on the icon in the dock and all the options are there for you...The software that comes with the mac is awesome... itunes I feel is the best mp3 player out there.. Burning cd's is as easy as adding a new playlist click and drag the songs you want to burn in that playlist then click the burn cd button.. Then you have iPhoto.. You can crop your own photos inlarge them take out red eye, you can even make you own photo album..I could go on and on... OS X is rock solid and the iMac is super fast... I am a ex pc user I switched to the iMac it was painless!!! I would recommend this computer to all...
There's very little you can't do with this computer.  Edit video, page layout, rip cds, edit sound files, burn discs, dabble in computer programming, explore the world of unix, network with PCs and Linux computers, surf the internet on a dozen different web browsers, set up a preinstalled unix firewall, serve websites and/or e-mail,monitor network traffic, play cds, mp3, or ogg sound files, automate computer functions with shell scripts and/or applescript, simultaneously use the search engines of hundreds of websites with sherlock, manage digital photography with iPhoto, run maintenence checks with various Unix utilities like fsck, make presentations with Appleworks, create stunning visuals with Gimp, and share files or be your own webmaster with idisk.  And all these things can be done without buying any additional software--with the software that comes with the iMac or with software that can be obtained free from the internet.  What's more, these programs run on a machine that features an LCD screen that displays lettering with crystal clear sharpness and an operating system that's way ahead of the competition in terms of display capabilities, with anti-aliased font capabalities for easy reading of text and colorsync for professional quality color printing.  And all this in a computer that takes up no more room than a large serving bowl and features a movable screen! For anyone interested in a heavy-duty multimedia machine that doesn't take up very much space, the flat-panel iMac is a near perfect fit.A word of caution, however, lest this review raise expectations too high.  I said "near perfect" fit.  No computer is absolutely perfect.  The flat-panel iMac has a few minor imperfections.  To begin with, it has no sound input.  You will need a USB mike if you want to pipe sound into it.  You will also need speakers.  This model does not come with them.  It also, admittedly, doesn't do an absolutely exemplary job of playing cds or sound files.  (Earlier versions of the iMac did better on the sound side of things.)  It still does a better job at these things then most PCs on the market, but there's obviously room for improvement. Some may also find it a little slower than some of the newer PCs, even compared to comparable MHz on PCs.  OS X has yet to be optimized for speed, so internet surfing, navigation of files, open applications is often slower than PCs, especially the faster PCs.  But computers are so fast these days that this doesn't really amount to much.  This computer is still very fast and will be even faster after Apple releases it's next major OS update, which will be optimized for speed.
OK once I saw this computer I knew it was time to switch over to the mac world.  this machine is a work  of art it is so nice to look at,  takes up little space, great flat screen display best I have seen, and is quite fast.  I love this and will never go back.  My pants off to Apple for making this!
I think most people who've placed a review here do not actually own or use this computer, so I'll just run down my experience.  First, the machine.  I got the middle of the line iMac as soon as it was available (and waited two months, two months too long.)  I upgraded the sdRAM to 512, had 40 gigs of room, and the rest just basic.  Since then, I have added an 80 gig external drive (for my 6300 mp3 files imported at 192-320 kbps,) the harmon kardon(SP?) iSticks speakers (awesome!!) the iPod, an m515 palm, and external floppy drive, office X, and a .Mac account.  This computer can do quite alot without adding too much.  I play Return to Castle Wolfenstein constantly on this machine while running the iTunes software in the background and it handles the graphics beautifully.  (For those who experience slow/poor gaming, try increasing the sdRAM within the wolfenstein program code-- it runs much faster and better.)  Basically if you take the time to figure out how to use this machine properly it will do everything you want without creating any problems.  I have yet to experience a crash or serious problem besides a slow floppy drive.  If you have a digital camera and a .Mac account, you can publish a webpage in less than ten minutes (even with dial-up)-- it is that easy.  iTunes is the perfect MP3 software, with so many options and capabilities that I am always tinkering with it.  I have a dial-up connection so I don't often do much with internet movies and never believed in downloading music, so no problems there.  Now that there are mac stores all over the U.S. you can get a great feeling for what these computers can do from really sharp folks.  Even the guy at comp usa was impressed with my machine and was hangin out showing me even more things I could do with photoshop and digital cameras.  Do you have tons of negatives from normal film that you'd like to email or publish on the web or even print out at your leisure, or create a movie or slideshow or book?  You can do all of this with great ease (and a scanner that scans film- probably the better alternative for digital cameras since film will always be better quality) on this machine.  Every program is intuitive and easy to use, I have figured out how to do everything on this computer without ever opening any software manual (and maybe asking help maybe 3 times total.)  Apple is definitely a company to partner with for your computing needs 'cause everything is intuitive, easy to use and they've taken care of it before you find a problem.  Check it out, you'll be happy you did.Last thing:  If I hadn't already waited six months to find out what Apple might possibly release Jan. '02 just so I could get the overhauled iMac instead of the old box forms, and was going to buy one today, I WOULD DEFINITELY SAVE MY MONEY FOR THE 17" beauty with DVD and CD burning capabilities!!  Drool...
It took longer to take down the old computer than to set up this one. Extra RAM went in easily. Just plugged-and-played my Epson 820 printer, iPod, and Canon ZR 25 camcorder. No driver hassles. Comes with all the software most people need. iPhoto and iMovie are easier to use and more powerful than any Windows software I've seen (i.e.: You can't overlay titles and transitions with MS video software). Research the details and you'll see this Mac offers more value than any &quot;bargin&quot; Windows product. And OS X: I've been running Mac OS X on my other computer since January and it has never crashed - great stuff.
I have had my new imac for almost two weeks-- i ordered it the day after they were announced!The computer is simply perfect. as good as it looks, i must say that i appreciate most the lack of noise. it has a fan, but i cannot hear it. the air conditioning in my office is much much louder. my old 350 mhz imac was fan-less, but there was a lot of hard-disk noise. this is as close to a truly silent computer as i have ever seen (or heard).the screen is also sharp as a razor. i have watched a dvd on it, seen digital pictures, and the experience is outstanding.the pro speakers are very good, but not excellent. they may not be enough for the hard-core gamer.Burning a music cd is literally as simple as people have reported: just open the program and swing away! plus, it seems quite speedy. disk reading and burning can be done while doing other work on the computer as well. very nice.everything just works so nicely. if you are considering it, i would not hesitate one bit!...Others have pointed out many of the pros and cons of the new iMac, although every con I have read on any forum is either a 1-time occurance or something easily replaced (if you don't like the one-button mouse, buy a multiple-button optical mouse and sell your iMac mouse on ebay and MAKE money on the deal).Here are a few more subtle Pros about the FP iMac. For starters, I prefer a quiet computer in my virtually silent work environment. The fan on this new iMac is VERY quiet, the quietest fan I have ever heard (even quieter than a Powerbook G4 550 fan). The iMac fan is on all the time, as a steady, low, quiet hum.The 15-inch viewable screen at 1024 x 768 resolution is PERFECT. 1024 x 768 is a highly desirable resolution for many applications, and the fonts are very readable at this size on this monitor. The display is very bright, brighter than a Powerbook or iBook screen.The included Pro speakers sound great. Remember that all other external speakers require additional power cords, but not the Pro speakers. Others have written that the iSub makes the sound even better...Virtually any peripheral can be added via USB or FireWire. Plus, even though Apple may not support nor recommend it, you CAN open your iMac computer to install a larger hard drive or more RAM. I received the stock configuration 800MHz/256MB/60GB, and opened the iMac to install a 512MB 168-pin DIMM as well as an 80GB Maxtor 5400rpm hard drive. P>The only thing you cannot upgrade is the video card. But a 32MB GeForce2MX is a pretty decent card.TWO THUMBS UP FOR THIS NEW FLAT PANEL IMAC!!!
Buying a computer nowadays is like getting a cell phone. You don't really need one but you want one, just like the next person. Most people buy a computer thinking the internet is the next best thing. No. Unless you are a hermit and want to live your life inside a cave, then get a computer, a cell phone, and lots of food. Or you just happen to be a geek and have no life. If you want to &quot;surf the web&quot;, shop online, chat, email(still part of surfing the web), or play games, then any computer operating system will do. Just about. Then you need to consider the games you like(most popular games are available in both platforms, mac or pc), the amount of time you will be wasting, the money you will be wasting, and the life you will end up wasting. You will need to consider the &quot;frustration factor&quot;, where ease of use, ease of learning, which amount to the time wasted working on your computer, not with your computer. Try both platforms and don't listen to salespeople on what to buy. Then decide which one works best for you. I did, I have both, mac and pc.
I really love my IMAC. The good looks are obvious, the operating system is wonderful. I enjoy using it everyday. I have several Mac's. Two at home and 5 in my practice running the business.I noticed one very bad review, where slowness of the OS was a serious problem for the writter. I'm sure if that fellow had bothered to keep up-to-date with OS updates (10, and 10.1 were slow), he's be using OS  10.1.5, like all the rest of us and loving the speed, beauty, and utility of the this OS. And with 10.2 (which Amazon sells, so you can buy it at the same time) being released in a few days. There is no way anyone would be able to say any windows operating system is superior to OS 10.1.5 or greater.In short,will all windows people enjoy the change to the Mac OS? Of coarse not; we all resist change, and it's more comfortable to stay with what we have and thoroughly understand. But the people who open their minds to change will be rewarded by a superior system.  My computer has been on with a number of programs open and running with out a single crash for many months. And I have never in 8 yrs had to reload an operating system EVER...
I have been using Macs for about 3 years now. I have bought all 3 generations of iMacs starting with the original bondi blue, and then an new iMac DV Indigo, and now finally this one. This has got to be the most beautiful and versatile computer I have ever bought. Everything is high-quality, even the way Apple packages it in the box, it lets you know you bought something special. I took it out and tossed aside the setup guide because I would know how to hook it up. After I plugged everything in, I turned it on. You are then greeted by the Mac OS X welcome screen.Apple includes all the software to complete your 'digital hub'. iTunes for organizing, ripping, and burning your MP3's. iPhoto for organizing your photos, and downloading them from your digital camera, and ordering prints from Kodak, printing photos from your regular printer, or make a cool slide show for the whole family to watch. iMovie for making your own movies with your digital camcorder. Appleworks, for word proccessing, spreadsheets, presentations, and database. And if you buy the High-End Model you get iDVD, which well let you make and burn your own DVD's that will play in any standard TV DVD Player. It also comes with some games and other misc. software.The design is brilliant. I sometimes wonder how did they manage to fit the whole computer in that little base. And screen looks as if it is floating in mid-air when you look at it from the front. The screen is beautiful too, it is a sharp, bright, and crisp LCD screen.Mac OS X is a very easy to use operating system, and In My Opinion, much easier to use then Windows. It has a fun and fresh looking interface called Aqua. I would recommed this computer to anyone who wants to be creative, or just wants a futuristic looking computer that will fit almost anywhere because it takes up so little space.
Just set up 10 of these baby's in a lab for my organization. At first the IT gurus were a bit hesitant, these being Macs and all. HA! I had all ten set up and connected to the network in less than 30 minutes. Took another 10 to load MS Office v.X on them. Presto-Change-o!!! Took a few more minutes to put Virtual PC on them (to run Windows on them - stable Windows, that is). "Look fellas", I say. "No viruses either!"The 15" LCD on these iMacs is crisp as fresh veggies...and much better than any 17" crt I have seen. The space saving base is almost as big a plus as the adjustable monitor. Talk about desk space!Just another absolutely gorgeous machine from Apple. But what else is new?
I recently bought the new iMac, and it is absolutly amazing.  I am somewhat of a gamer, and the graphics are great.  Warcraft 3 is stunning on the new lcd screen, and even the older games still look great.The computer is extremley functional as well as space saving.  The small cpu is very effective, and the vertical and horizontal movement of the magnificant LCD screen is smooth and effortless.Apple truely hit the nail on the head when they designed this computer.  The only problem would have to be the lack of a floppy drive.  While I completely understand that Jobs is attempting to bring Apple into the new Millenium (though it's 2 years old) by making a computer without floppy drives.  However, his one mistake was that in a Microsoft world, floppy drives are still the main source of transporting files between PC's.I still must commend Apple with their promised ease of use and compatability with other products.  I was able to transfer all of my Microsoft Word Files over to the Mac without any trouble.  It is truely amazing.This computer is everything they promised and more.  Everything in it will be useful in the years of technological advancement to come.
I purchased the 700mhz, combo drive imac a couple of days ago, and I decided to write this review to help people that are not sure if they should buy one. In one word, YES! Features that I did not even know about, I realized the computer had when I brought it home. Like you can control most of your applications by using voice commands via your internal microphone! The computer will even tell you jokes if you want it to! You can't even fully appreciate this machine until you have seen it in person, because it truly is a thing of beauty. It burns CDs really fast, and it is so easy to make playlists through your itunes2. I bought a printer to go with it to, and they work together without a hitch. So if you are not sure about buying this computer, I say yes, because it is the best deal for your money with everything that it comes with, its great looking, and really fast!
This is a stunning machine with a beautiful LCD screen, blazing fast with awesome graphics. I have only been an imac fan  a short time and am very pleased with what I have found. The ipod is a wonderful little accessory to this machine, and there are so many creative things you can do with this machine, its fun to play with as well as look at. The software bundle alone included  in this baby is well worth the money you pay for the computer .  Whether it be buisness or pleasure, apple has all grounds covered. Try one, you'll never use anything else.!!!!!!!!
After being a Mac-basher for so many years, I finally gave in and bought one of these.  After using it for only a short while, I'm a total convert.  I don't think I'll be using the ol' PC much any more.  This thing is incredible.  How they managed to put so much cool stuff into this tiny little package amazes me.  Apple really does pay attention to detail; even the box the computer comes packaged in is a work of art.  As for the operation of the unit, QUIET.  Only if you put your head right up next to it can you hear the fan blowing.  The LCD display is beautiful.  It took me all of about five minutes to get the thing turned on and connected to the Internet.  Upon browsing through the programs that come preinstalled, I found Apple gives you a lot of programs to play with.  They give you an Office-type suite (with a word processor, etc.), DVD player, iPhoto, etc etc.I really don't have one negative thing to say about this computer.  If you're a current Apple user or if you're thinking of buying an Apple for the first time, I highly recommend it.
Having used various windows & linux products all my computing life, and having been fairly unhappy with linux and actively enraged by windows, I decided to take a chance and buy a mac system. I could not be more pleased.  This machine is easily as fast as or faster than the P4 1.6 that I use at work, and the transition from using windows to OS X was absolutely painless. I am as thrilled as heck with this machine. Anyone frustrated with their current windows machine should absolutely consider making the switch.
This is the first Mac that I have owned.  I grew up using PC's - literally, we have had a PC in the house since I was 7.  I had previously only used Macs a few times, while I used Windows extensively.  I finally got tired of my computer crashing at least every other day, often more times, so I made the switch.  I can say, that I will not be going back to a PC.  The new iMac is not only sleek in design, it is so easy to use.  I made the transition easily and was burning my first cd in minutes (I have never used nor seen cd burning software previously).If you are a disillusioned Windows user, and you're looking to make the switch - buy this iMac, it is worth every penny!
The new iMac is the best personal computer I have ever owned.  All you have to do to know you bought the right PC is watch everyone of your friends oooh, ahhh, and drool over it every time they're over.  Apple is pitching this as the "digital hub" and they have executed to perfection.  This computer comes loaded with tons of software for editing and sharing digital photographs, video, and music like never before...and with unbelievable ease.  Since buying my iMac, I have turned years worth of old home movies into wonderfully compelling and entertaining little films, and have shared them over the web and via DVD with my friends and family.  My wife, an avid scrapbooker, has found a new venue for putting together our family photos with iPhoto and the Photo Books you can create.  Beyond the software and the beauty of the unit, the OS on this machine is beautiful and it refuses to crash.  I have pushed it to the limit by downloading, installing, and running several apps, all simultaneously with no problems (try that on a Widows machine).  Finally, most of the myths about Mac are just that...myths.  I run Office on the Mac and develop spreadsheets, Powerpoint presentations, and Word documents that I share with my co-workers who are all on Windows machines.  I have Quicken, Madden Football, and many other popular titles.  The myth about software is just not true.If you are a family that wants a PC that truly enhances your life and gives you the tools to create priceless treasures like the videos and photos, then this is the machine to buy.
The G4 flat-panel iMac is a joy to behold and a delight to operate. This is not only my first iMac , it is my first real computer. (...)Apple knows how to design good-looking hardware. It also knows how to create first-class software and OS X is almost intuitive.Now all of this is important for someone like myself who would be defined as a senior citizen. I have no time, patience or interest with "things that can go wrong". Mercifully, that is something you are unlikely to experience with an iMac, although I would suggest purchasing AppleCare... (AppleCare gives you coverage for a full three years and the right to call Customer Service for help with "how to" things you can't figure out for yourself for the full thre years.)I have made some additions/changes to the iMac with the addition of Apple Pro speakers and iSub woofer (both made by Harman Kardon) and replaced the one-button mouse with a Microsoft optical trackball, along with purchasing a printer and scanner....but these are personal preferences.I also installed an extra 256 megs of RAM myself by easily undoing four small screws on the bottom of the metal base and popped it in.Apple has an undeserved reputation for being much more expensive than a PC. While it is true you can get a cheap PC for a lot less money than an iMac, comparable PCs are priced at about the same price as an iMac.This is a machine you won't get tired of and one you can expect to keep and enjoy for several/many years.
This is a great computer. I have owned seven Macs over the last 14 years, and this is my favorite. It is easy to use, beautiful, and fast enough (once more memory is added) to meet most business tasks. OS X is wonderful - it never crashes.
If you have lived your whole life in the shadow of Microsoft then you will truly understand how foolish you were to wait this long to buy the i book.  I have a PC, laptop, and now an i book, and recently set up a wireless network.  Using an SMC7004AWBR router to work off of my PC, it took me about 2 hours to configure both my PC and laptop to work correctly.  On the ibook, it took me all of 2 minutes to install the air port card, 5 minutes to install the software, and another minute to restart the machine and have it autoconfigure to the wireless network.  This has been the same story on every application or change with using this i book so far.  Without a doubt I am a closet mac fan now.
This is my 11th computer and the best one I've ever owned. It's also the first one I've been excited to use in years. I can't recommend it highly enough.
I added 256 Mb RAM to the basic rig (128 Mb), and it's by far the fastest computer that I've ever owned! Can't wait to get it up to 630 when I get some more 'ducats'. And because I travel so much (twice weekly), the portability and, better yet, the DVD-ability are '...The [best]!'  I'm stoked...can't recommend it highly enough! If you can spring for an extra battery ..., you've got it made on longer flights.
Apple is clearly the leader in cool and innovative computer products.  It's cheap, good looking, and has great performance... what more could you want?
This is my first Mac. I have been a PC gear-geek for a long time and no piece of computer equipment has been as fulfilling as my iBook 600. I'm by all means a computer geek, but anybody my age and younger is going to be pretty proficient on computers. My first concern was the software compatibility issue since most of my textbooks came with software that would only run on a win machine. However, the Mac with iTunes, and iPhoto kept on coming up as what I wanted and I knew I would be graduating at the end of this semester so I bit the bullet and bought a iBook with iPod just for fun. Now I use the iBook for everything from project presentations and reports (thanks to Microsoft Office for mac v. x) to using iTunes to make cd's, and iMovie to make movies out from my camcorder. ! Try dealing with that stuff on a Win machine and see how muchyou like doing that! Software for students is way cheaper so I loaded up. I cannot be happier with my iBook. I highly recommend it for anyone on a budget. OSX is a BLAST!!! rock solid and very quick. I added 512 mgs of RAM , kicking it up to a total of 640 MB,so that really helps. I am already sticking up for Apple and I haven't had the machine for more than  few days. Also, this thing is FLAWLESS!!! there are no ckracks, no protruding drives, the battery is even all around, the keybord is great...no flexing, the screen is bright and crisp.After using this iBook for a few days now with OSX, I wonder why I ever used a PC/Windows based machine for so long, and why I wasn't more aware of Mac products. All I remembered about Macs were the cheapy b/w outdated models in my University a few years back. Actually, I've never even seen an iBook for sale in my city, too. Why is that? Well, it's a very nice machine, runs quickly and is very stable. ...its a masterpiece! I can't wait to take it to class tomorrow to show it off. I LOVE APPLE!!! (I'm a windows convert)
Tired of the battle between Microsoft and its Pirator's (which are genetically related, I'm sure), I decided to leave Windows after XP, and take the Mac plunge. Anyone slightly computer saavy knows that UNIX is simple, stable, and yet a complex OS, and that is what sold me on Mac.  They realized it with Mac OS X. It's a beautiful aqua interface, easy to locate files, and OS X comes with the programs to create your own OS X applications for your own use, or even to distribute for free! And yet, it's simple enough that my 5 year old can use it by himself to play his children's games. With Mac dropping prices to compete with PC, they have become the superior Computing system. Even my Linux friends are switching to Mac because the Motorola Processor is faster and expends less energy via heat than Intel's Pentium. It's good to be free from Microsoft chains!
The problem with Apple is they make such dang gorgeous computers.  Though my iMac was great, who could resist this with the 14&quot; screen &amp; CD burner?  Realities:  Learning the workings of OSX and dual booting take patience and a good Mac book (I use 'The Missing Manual' by David Pogue); spending more on the best looking laptop is no big deal (who doesn't spend as much as they can on a great looking car?), i.e., why would cheaper be better.  The only criticisms I have would be with the workmanship--I don't think the integrity is as top notch as I expected, but that's not enough to knock a star off the rating.
I have a Lombar G3, a Titanium Powerbook, and now this 14&quot; iBook.  This one is a great value.  Lots of features, great build quality, a bright screen, a pretty fast CD writier, and a decent software collection ... and it looks pretty cool.  It's met all my expectations.  I highly recommend it.  I run OSX exclusively and in OSX the sleep mode is superb.  I rarely actually shut it down.  I use it then just close the lid and charge it back up ... that way it's virtually  &quot;instant on&quot;  when you open the lid.  Much better than in OS9 .... buy one.
I bought this iBook on Amazon about a month ago. At first I wasn't sure if it was fast enough for me, but it has grown on me. In fact, I love it. Mac OS X is beautiful and runs fine on the iBook. I did add 512MB of RAM in it, which helps. Office v.X works great. I didn't like Apple's Mail program or Appleworks so I broke down and bought Office.The CD-RW works fine, and I love iTunes and iMovie. In fact, this machine is fine for the semi-professional like me who dabbles in digital video or photography. I haven't tried iPhoto, but it looks like a great program to manage your digital photography.I also enjoy the 14" monitor as well as the extra room on the keyboard for my hands.Unless you need the power of a G4, I think you will be very happy with the new iBook.
This was a little Christmas present to myself! Actually, my iMac had some problems and it was cheaper to buy a new computer than to fix them.After considering a desktop, I could not resist this little beauty. So lightweight and sleek, not like the monster laptops of the past.Let me say that I am not a techie, just a small business owner who has limited computer knowledge.  This particular iBook is loaded with all of the bells and whistles as it is now quite easy to learn how to use them. These days, I can  burn cds, watch dvds, use powerpoint for my presentations, listen to iTunes 2 while working, create movies if I choose (still need to figure this one out), etc.I am a huge fan of my iBook's versatility  and am still learning what great things I can do. One fun purchase was my iPod so I can download my favorite songs from iTunes 2 to the pod over and over. No wasting of cds or clutter!My next purchase will have to be the Air Port-a clever little spaceship-like device that enables you to access the Internet from within 100 yards without being hooked up!Apple technology never ceases to amaze!
I got this iMac a few months ago, and it has never given me a moment's trouble. Well, sure, there have been a few software difficulties (old scanner software that made the iMac burp) but the iMac itself has been solid. And wonderful.It's fast, it's quiet, and it's agreeable. Installing hardware is almost always a breeze and everything seems to work right without much troubleshooting. The few times I've had some software trouble, a quick visit to a Mac fix-it site told me what I needed to do to resolve the problem.I come from the Wintel side, and while I think PCs have their strengths, nothing is quite as sublime (as far as I am concerned) as a nice Macintosh computer. It is reliable and stable. It runs Photoshop, Dreamweaver, and all my other &quot;arty&quot; graphics apps beautifully. The screen is clear and bright.  The built-in speakers sound pretty darn good. I haven't even bothered to hook up external speakers (though some people probably would prefer to have them).The price is right. It's so inexpensive, you can afford to get a lot of extra RAM added-something I  heartily recommend. (I have a total of 768 megs, which is quite wonderful!) I had the shop add my RAM, but I have been told that adding RAM to these models of iMacs is very easy, even for the newbie.I love my little iMac!
I bought this item from Amazon on March 27, 2002, it was delivered in my home on February 1, 2002.  My 13 year old daughter had it up and running in about 5 minutes.  We are having a blast with this thing!  It's so easy to use and it's quite attractive.  I think this is a terrific family computer.
I have had this computer since 2000, and it has been working great! I did change the graphics card, beacuse I bought the Sims 2. But other than that it is great! I am getting a new computer (I ordered a new one today) but I am giving this one to my 13-year-old daughter.
This is a great laptop and I encourage anyone who wants one to buy it. Of course this is NOT a intense gaming laptop though it played Age of Empires II pretty well on my laptop. I won't comment on the DVD/CD-RW drive since I rarely use it. Since I use it mostly at home or while I am at my university, given the battery life, I mostly sit near an outlet. But you can also buy an extra battery I'm just too cheat to do so.Commenting about windows XP home backup utility it's Windows XP's fault for that. I installed Windows XP on one of my destop pc's and it didn't come with the backup utility either. I checked around and it seems that you have to manually install it from the cd. Damn windows xp home. I really didn't expect any company to manually install the backup utility but microsoft should have made it part of the installation. Anyway, the ir port is great for communicating with my cell phone and the screen size is a plus.Overall the laptop is more than I bargained for so I'm very happy with my purchase.
I actually own the Satellite 1800-S207, but the only difference is that my laptop has Windows XP Professional, whereas the 1805-S207 has XP Home.  Other the OS, these two notebooks are identical.I purchased this laptop (about 2 months ago) because of it's many features and the great price.  I paid [$] including shipping over the internet, couldn't find a better deal for a notebook that has 14" screen, DVD/CDRW, 1.1GHz Celeron, etc.I've had no problems with full screen DVD playback when the notebook is plugged in to the AC Adapter, and on batteries I've only had a jerky picture once or twice an hour (didn't bother me at all).  I've read that other users have had issues with DVD playback, but I have had no major issues and am very satisfied.  The speakers surprised me with their clarity and loudness, best I've heard in a laptop.I've burned 2 CDs with no problems, the Roxio software worked perfectly and burned the CD-Rs at a fast 8x speed.The display is a very nice 14" active matrix, with great brightness and resolution.  I've had one pixel go out, but it's barely noticable and I've heard it's a common thing with active screens.Everything is layed out logically, the touchpad works well and you can even use it to scroll up/down, sideways, and go back and forward pages when surfing the internet.  Below the touchpad are also rewind, ff, stop and play buttons that can be used to play CD's when the laptop is off and closed.  Hooking up the laptop to a TV to play DVD's is easy with the RCA out in the back, and I can close the laptop and use the above mentioned buttons during TV playback.Performance is OK, I've never owned an Intel Celeron before, but it's plenty for the majority of applications.  This is NOT a gaming machine, graphic intensive games like Links at full res or Unreal will not work well on this machine.  However, strategy games like The Sims or Civ3 work flawlessly.There are a couple of other minor drawbacks.  I'm not too excited about the 2.5 hour battery life, but for [$] I'm willing to sacrifice that feature.  It's also a bit heavy and bulky, but that doesn't bother me too much since I don't travel much and this was a desktop replacement.Another thing to mention is Toshiba Support.  This is one of the major reasons I bought this laptop, because many other user comments I read about felt that Toshiba offered the best phone support.  I had a minor bios issue, where after extreme extended use (like 6 straight hours of working on a grad school paper in a hot library), the bios would suddenly shut down the XP OS.  I called in and the technician answered right away, we upgraded my bios and the problem was solved in 10 minutes.  Haven't had this problem since then.Overall, I feel this is the best value notebook currently on the market, and with good price/performance and great tech support, I plan to stick with Toshiba for years.
I looked for a long time for an affordable laptop that had all the features including a CDRW drive. I finally found the 1805-S207. It was priced right in the middle of the low price notebooks.I had read some bad reviews about DVD playback, but I watched it playback a DVD in a store and it looked great.I have used this computer for many weeks now, and it does it all.As well as playing DVDs it also burns cds.I was very concerned about battery life because I travel frequently. I am very happy with the battery life.On the highest power saving mode, the battery lasts around three hours (although the computer runs pretty slow).When watching a dvd the battery lasts around an hour and forty minutes.I suggest getting an extra battery if you travel a lot. I did.I tested out the speakers on a lot of notebooks. The speakers on this notebook are very good. They are nice and loud. Even at the highest volume, there is very little distortion.Its has two video outputs. One is S-video, which is nice if you want to display your sceen on a tv.It comes with XP which is big improvement over other versions of Windows.The volume control is located in a nice, easy to reach, spot on the left side of the notebook.The Only thing I don't like about this computer is that the headphone jack is located on the back of the computer. But its not a big deal.Overall I think this computer does everything you need, plus more, at an affordable price.
This celeron processor is Tualatin-core based. it's the same core as the P III-M. This type celeron chip could be running at 100 or 133MHz bus, coud have 128 or 256 Kb L2 cache. In this laptop, it's 133MHz and 256 Kb L2 !!! compare to P III-M, it's just short of L2 cache (256 vs 512 Kb), still it's much better than other celeron running at 100MHz bus and/or 128 kb L2.(say toshiba 1805-s207, hp zt1130/1150 on 100M bus). even some old P III just running at 100MHz bus also.  I would say get it when it's [inexpensive]. it was [money] before rebate, was it???
After buying and returning 2 HPze1110 laptops, I purchased this Toshiba.  Boy was I really glad that those HP's didn't work!  This computer is so very much better than the HP, it is unbelievable that they were the same low price.  It is faster and the screen is really good. The sound could be better, but still better than the HP.  I really like that I can replace the DVD-ROM with a CD-RW(actually you can just swap them in and out from the same bay).  It also has 3 USB ports, one is on the right side which makes it easy to connect a mouse.  It worked great right out of the box.  No new BIOS to flash, no new drivers to install.  (all of the above had to be done to the HP before it could use anything USB or run a DVD...and then it still had problems reading text). Had no problems with the DVD at all. I have only had it 2 weeks, but must say I am extremely pleased.
I have always been a fan of Toshiba notebook computers. Rarely have they been cutting edge, but the ones I have owned have been rock-solid reliable and rugged. I was pleased to find this one at a very good price. It does have all of the features and speed I presently need in a notebook, and is so much cheaper than those with even a little bit more capability that I had to buy it. If in two years I need USB 2.0, CD/DVD burning capability, or some other important new feature in a notebook, I won't feel bad about upgrading since this one cost so little up front.With the unit now in my hands, I'm not disappointed. It runs well and seems Toshiba rugged. If I had to make it a better unit I would have added a built-in ethernet and IrDA port, but neither of these  are deal busters since I already have an ethernet PC Card. Truly no complaints so far!
This laptop is exactly what I was looking for. It's extremely well-built, and I haven't had any problems at all with mine after four months use. The 14.1 inch active-matrix display is bright and the colors are vivid. It comes with plenty of ram and a decent-sized hard drive too. While this isn't a top-of-the-line laptop, it doesn't cost three times as much either. And while it won't run the latest 3D games, it will do everything else just fine. Well actually, come to think of it, I did load "Trainz", an excellent recent 3D model railroading simulator on it. I was stunned that it ran at all, but was really surprised that it ran at 30+ frames per second at 800 x 600 resolution (by the way, the default and maximum resolution for the computer is 1024 x 768). Now I can design and run my model trains wherever I go (a bonus is that Trainz does not require the CD to run the program). It's got just 8 megs video ram, but I'm amazed at how well it runs some older Windows games too. What initially sold me on the Toshiba brand was how nice the keyboard felt to use and how well the touchpad worked. Nonetheless, I do highly recommend getting one of the small optical USB mice that are available (mine's a Belkin and I like it). Touchpads are okay, but a real mouse is much much easier to use, and if you get an optical mouse, you can use your leg or any other surface to mouse on with no problems. The 1005-S157 comes loaded with Windows XP home edition. It was my first exposure to XP and I must say I love it. It's a very stable operating system, and when put together with this very stable and solid notebook, it's a wonderful combination. Battery life is on the short side however, but at about 2 hours of normal use, it is just fine for me. All-around an extremely nice value.
I was looking for a portable DVD player and got this for only 699 after rebate.Unbelievable.Only a couple 100 more and a whole computer with 4x the screen.
I love this notebook! Solid construction, great feeling controls and keyboard, easy to operate, and well designed. The standard configuration fit both my needs and pocketbook. Looking for a reliable product I checked with a local used laptop dealer/repair facility before buying the Toshiba. In their opinion the Toshiba was at or near the top. Granted, in choosing the S157, I was  more interested in a product that will give me a few good years of service, than something on this weeks cutting edge of technology. Never the less, this notebook has plenty of horsepower, and lots of fabulous features. A winner in my book!
The laptop plays DVD's without any problems at full screem mode. The included software is basically just Win XP Home, nothing else is worth anything. The screen is fine. The laptop seems to get very hot after just a few minutes of heavy use, this is my first laptop so maybe all laptops get hot ? The fan for CPU/system cooling works slow at most times, but every few minutes it begins to make a lot of sound and runs at full speed. Again this might be happening with all laptops. The tech support is very good, much better than something like Dell. Te weight is acceptable, no too much, not light either. The biggest missing featureis a CD-RW drive and having to remove DVD drive if you want to use the floppy drive. This exchange between DVD/floopy drive can be done without rebooting also. Can't comment on battery as I haven't tested it. The speakers not very rudimentary, not worth listening music or movies on them. All in all a very good value for money if you get it at under 700 or 800 bucks. One good thing about Toshiba is that they are not ripping you off for the extra battery you might need unlike Sony who will charge you around 250 bucks ! Toshiba is asking only 100 for extra one.
I just got a new S307 last week, and it is really cool. It looks much better than the photo on the web. And the performance is great.But I met some problem that last night when I used it for a whole day, it shut down by itself. I was using the ac power without battery, so i don't know it is the hardware's error or the software made it.And I didn't find the option that disable the touch pad in the bios, since I used a standard mouse, so I didn't need the touch pad at the same time. In Dell's bios, you can disable the touch pad if you connect another mouse. It often mouse the cursor to other place when I input something if i touched the touch pad.there is no serial and ps/2 port on the machine, so if you only have ps/2 mouse, you have to buy an usb one to use for the machine.the feeling of the keyboard is very good. and the quality of the sound is also good.buy it, it will not disappoint you.Toshiba's service is also good in Canada.  They first mailed me a box to let me put the machine in it.  And there is one mail label of puralator in the box, so I can mail it back free.  They changed the mainboard in two days and now it works very well.
I've had this laptop for 10 days. I did quite a bit of research before getting it and am very happy with my decision. The combination processor/video card is very good. I benchmarked it with some intensive numerical calculations/graphics in MATLAB and it gave very impressive results (compared to much more powerful workstations).For the more casual user it has all the features you need: 30G disk, fast processor, excellent graphics, many ports (including firewire and smartmedia) and good screen.The disk drive does click a bit, and you have to uncheck the &quot;cleartext&quot; option in XP to make the text sharper! However these are minor issues.
I've been a Toshiba and Dell laptop user for about a decade.  I particularly enjoy my new Toshiba S307 for speed, capacity and the CD burner.  A good buy for the money.  Good speed, XP is good, I hook straight into the DSL at home or the network at work with no problems.Only drawback: lithium ion batteries could be bigger (longer lasting).  My Dell laptops give me 4 hours per battery.  Not so long with the S307.Don't think twice about buying a S307.  A good machine.
The Toshiba 3005 is a full-featured, powerful notebook computer that is relatively lightweight, has a compact easily portable size, and a reasonable cost. This is my fourth laptop, and is by far my most satisfying choice to date. A notebook computer should be truly portable, which means that it must have decent battery life, be light and easy to lug around, and be truly self-contained and full-featured. The Toshiba 3000/3005 series notebook computer perfectly fills all of these requirements.The smart media card reader is incredibly useful if you happen to have other digital hardware that shares these media cards. I can just pop the card out of my Olympus digital camera, slide it into my Toshiba notebook, where it immediately appears as a disk drive, and then just quickly drag files over for viewing. The smart media card is fully accessible as a standard disk drive. The built-in fax/modem, 10/100 Ethernet, IR port, two PCMCIA card slots, three powered USB ports, and one unpowered firewire port, give me nearly all of the connectivity that I need. I do wish that Toshiba had chosen to include a legacy serial port, since my Earthmate GPS receiver and mapping software requires an RS232c port, and I would have preferred not to have to lug around a USB converter. I also wish that my Toshiba had an optionally available internal WiFi wireless network card and built-in antenna. I use a PCMCIA card for that purpose, but would have appreciated being able to eliminate the protruding antenna.The keyboard and touchpad work fine. The speakers are adequate for personal listening and are positioned for surprisingly good stereo separation. The CD/DVD/Media player controls work well and are perfectly positioned to be accessible with the notebook lid open or closed. It makes for a rather expensive CD player, but it is nice to be able to listen to music even without powering up the CPU and hard drive. The large hard disk drive has been great for handling digital video transferred from my camcorder via the firewire port, and has also allowed me the luxury of storing a library of many hundreds of MP3s for musical enjoyment without having to carry any CDs when I travel. The DVD player and CD writing capabilities work as advertised, and this is my first notebook that can easily play a feature length movie and still give me an hour or so of work time on a single battery. Also notable was the excellent glitch-free quality of DVD playback even while on battery power. And for you game players, I am truly impressed with the performance of the NVIDIA GeForce2 graphics subsystem of this machine. I have Half-Life loaded on the hard disk, and have been provided with many hours of very enjoyable game play. There are very few notebook computers that offer this excellent graphic chip, and even fewer in this price range, and compact lightweight size.All-in-all, a great machine... feature packed, lightweight and compact, reasonably priced, solidly built, and incredibly powerful.
A excellent machine all round, has excellent specifications, good battery life, good screen, Lightwieght!, looks good, 3 USB ports and IR port (unlike the Sony Vaio GR series!) , CDRW/DVD combined, 256 RAM, 1.13 Ghz, Good speakers, excellent support and support tools, The 1 year warrenty is abit short, the Keyboard is a great IBM keyboard, Having looked around alot i belive it to be from the best in its class!, Deffinatley a great buy!!!
I spent a ton of time doing research for laptops, and this model (3005-S307) won for having the best features and at the lowest price. I looked at all the other brands, dell, hp, sony, compaq, but feature for feature, they were not matched by this machine in a similar price range. All the glowing reviews this machine received are accurate. I was a little worried because there were complaints also about the machine, but fortunately, the issues they talked about are so minor, that it's not really a problem at all.I've been using this laptop as my main work computer now for almost 3 months. That means it's on 12 hours every single day, and is being pushed hard. So far it has been awesome, and has performed well beyond my expectations. I'm totally thrilled with my purchase, and I don't remember the last time I felt that way about any computer purchase.As to answering the complaints: Yes, the hard drive does occasionally click but it really doesn't bother me at all, and most of the time I don't even notice it. The machine does get fairly warm, but I've yet to own a laptopt that did not.My biggest complaint is there's no ps/2 port, so you need a usb mouse and keyboard if you use it on your desktop like I do. Hardly a big deal these days as both are very cheap to come by.So if you want a terrific machine at a terrific price this is the machine to get.
The Toshiba Satellite 3005-S307 is a solid all around notebook.  I did a lot of research before buying a replacement for a very old Toshiba Tecra laptop. The specs really can not be beat for the price by any other manufacturer. ... I have had the computer for a roughly a week now, so I am a little more familiar with its workings. The computer has performed flawlessly with excellent DVD playback and long battery life. In addition the computer has a well put together feel to it. My only concern has been a faint ticking noise from the hard drive that persists after the drive accesses especially while surfing the internet. ... Other than this small concern the computer has been wonderful. Highly recommended and an unsurpassed value in notebook computers.
This was a good value for the extra memory we needed. We are very satisfied with this product and the speed with which it arrived.
Earlier I had an old notebook from Toshiba (Tecra series..).. after buying I am extremely satisfied by this product. Was earlier thinking of buying 5005-S504.. but spent some more money and bought S507..(...)Graphics with nVidia 4 are great, a good sound system with harmon/kardon speakers. DVDs run great on 15" screen or on external display device as TV and 40GB is enough space for any Home office. I have no complain with this product so far.
The Satellite 5005-S507 reaches new heights in mobile computing with enhanced graphics performance, made possible by the NVIDIA GeForce4. Superior DVD playback, increased frame rates and breakthrough 3D graphics must be seen to be believed.Dolby Digital Optical out, DVD/CDRW, and even a subwoofer is included in this cutting edge machine.Better yet, they purposely left out 802.11b and Bluetooth because both will soon be replaced by 802.11a (wake up Dell).If you can live without a floppy drive and serial/parallel ports, and you can live with the UXGA font size, this is the perfect laptop.
I use a windows machine at my office but I've always had a Mac around at the house. It was time to buy a new machine and I thought it might be time to &quot;go Windows&quot; but then I saw the G4 at an Apple store. WOW. The easy of use of iMovie and iPhoto made me do a double take. You won't know how easy and powerful this machine is until you use it. The tools like iDVD, iPhoto, and iMovie are amazing. The kids all want Macs now (oldest son has a 1.2Ghz PC) so they too can do all the cool stuff. Pair this up with iTools....WOW. I look forward to coming home to use my Mac having used my windows XP machine all day.My rebate came back quickly and I've had NO trouble with the machine what so ever.
I have used and tinkered with PCs all my life, but have hardly touched (let alone owned) a Macintosh. When the new iMac was announced I was greatly excited to get a Mac with a Superdrive and flat panel system for such low cost! Then I found out the waiting list was over a month and I was hungry for a new computer now.So, I purchased the G4 933 with a 17 inch Flat Panel display so with rebate the price isnt bad at all for what you get, which is alot! G4 933 GHz processor, Superdrive, lots of RAM, big 60 GB hard drive, tons of expandibility.First of all, the speed and power of this system blew my mind! Although you cant directly compare PCs to Macs, I can just tell you Applications open in a snap with Mac OS X running at 933 MHz, when they would still be churning away with the hourglass on XP with 1.5GHz Pentium. The computer is soooo easy to use, I plugged in my digital camera and my Sharp DV camcorder, and boom! I can do anything with them with no hassle of drivers or learning complicated software. iMovie and iDVD are two of the best applications I have ever used, combine this with a Superdrive and you'll be putting out low budget movies in your spare time! This computer was enough to convert me from my PC to using this Mac almost exclusively, and it will do the same for you I guarantee!
...The primary reason I purchased this computer is because I was never really happy with what I was able to do with my DV Camcorder. It shot pretty good video, but short of plugging it into my TV there was little I could do to share what I shot. I've had an iBook (2001 dual USB, 500mhz G3) for a year now, and have always been very impressed with its digital video editing capabilities (iMovie is awesome), but after editing the video, all I could really do was burn the video on a CD as a Quick Time movie. While the QT movies worked well and looked good on the computer, they really did not offer the quality look I was looking for at full screen, and required a computer with Quick Time for play back. The Power Mac G4 933 seemed like the perfect solution. With its DVD Superdrive (writes DVD, CD-R, and CD-RW, reads DVD and all CD media) and additional iDVD software it seemed like the perfect solution. I really have to say that thus far it has really lived up to what I expected. When I purchased my G4 it had a faulty Superdrive (would not read DVD's). After speaking with Apple's tech support, and taking it to my local Apple Retail store (in ten years, this was the first Apple computer I ever had to take in for servicing), I had it back in two days with a new Superdrive and it has worked perfectly. The quality of the video once converted to MPEG-2 (the standard used for commercial DVD players and movies) is beyond what I expected, and playback has been without a hitch on home DVD players. A word to the wise: the DVD's may not be recognized by old cheap DVD players (a cheap 4 year old GE DVD player would not recognize the disc). Over all, this is the answer to anyone's dream that never thought they would be able to edit quality video for play back on home DVD players on their computer.This is also one very fast machine. Most PC users will scoff at a 933Mhz processor, but while Mhz does matter more then Steve Jobs wants the world to think, you really cannot compare a G4 to a Pentium 4. The system architecture and operating systems are very different. Suffice to say, it you're running OSX this computer will fly. I've been running OSX on my iBook ever since version 10.1 came out (about 7-8 months now) and can honestly say that it (the OS) has NEVER crashed on me. Very, very stable.As far as games go,it runs very well (although many hardcore PC gamers may not be happy with the average frame rates I get in Quake 3-about 90FPS with the stock GeForce4MX and 512MB of ram, 32bit color and textures, and all quality setting at the highest setting, and 1024x768 resolution). Return to Castle Wolfenstein runs smooth as silk and looks gorgeous. Unlike many of today's PC's, all desktop Macs (excluding iMacs ofcourse)have 4xAGP slots so you can always upgrade your graphics cards.Despite the faulty DVD superdrive (and especially since it only took Apple two days to replace it) I can recommend this computer with a clear conscience. For those interested in photo editing there is a down side. As anyone that uses OSX knows, the printer drivers need allot of improvement, however, switching back and forth between OSX and Classic is painless, so when you need to print photos just do it in Classic.
I. Hate. P.C. Users. Who. Put. Down. Apple. Because. It. . Has. A. THEORETICALLY Lower MHz. There's more to a CPU than the clockspeed: I mean, for one, who needs a 4.4 GHz Wintel With 30 USB 2.0 ports? Plus, the PC's processor (oooooh, it's a pentium 4 (i didn't capitalize &quot;pentium&quot; because it hardly deserves to be considered a proper name))may theoretically be better than, say, a veteran such as the omnipotent G4. The p4 (what sounds better: p4 or G4, think about it) may be a bigger water tower (metaphors!) but your letting it come out through a bendy straw (more metaphors!) A G4 may be a smaller water tower, but it's comiknbg out through a 3-foot pipe. Am I the only ne who recalls where Firewire came from? APPLE! iLink a) steals a lower case &quot;i&quot; from iPod and iBook. It's just another example of Microsift, Dell, IBM, and all their Wintel honchos being too lazy to figure out their own stuff and grifting it off Apple. And that hoopla about Apple's graphic's? It might not be the hardware, just the fact that your Mac doesn't want to play an inferior Wintel game. If your thinking &quot;well, PC's are still cheaper&quot;, well, your right. But hey, in today's world, you get what you pay for!
I have this apple since 2002 and still use it today, I also use a 2002 15" square flat apple display that I bought in 2002, they still work like new. I am a graphic designer, electronic musician/DJ, and music collector. Adding RAM and extra internal hard drive storage is easy do it yourself thing and there is easy access to the slots. I installed 2 extra RAM memory and a 750 GB internal hard drive. This computer is definitely "fast", the 1-Ghz Dual Processor Power PC G4 is incredible, I can run Macromedia products as well as drum machine programs at the same time without problems. PCI cards can also be installed in this computer to add a SATA HD and other peripherals which I plan to do in the future. Apple computers are great investments.
I bought my Power Mac G4 Dual 1 GHz in February. Since then, I have been editing videos, playing with my pictures, and doing some things with digital audio. This computer is simply amazing. I have a 2.0GHz P4 Dell and this machine blows it away easily. Running SETI @Home, the Dell takes about 17 hours to complete a cycle. The G4 takes approxamately 9. If you want a system that can do it all, look at the Power Mac G4, you won't be dissappointed.
Using the Compaq FP745A flat panel monitor with my Compaq Presario 5410 computer saves precious desk space.  The system was good to go just plugging it in out of the box. No need to battle with bulky monitors any more! The screen is 100% clear to the edge.
Wow, what is better than this; Mac OS X (built-in), the best operating system ever made (even better than windows XP), a great monitor (22 inches), with gorgeous resulution, and the protection of AppleCare, the best way to get help for your Mac. This is definitly one of the best computers ever made by America's most well run computer company. Choose this great package over any PC or Dell, plus for what you get the price rocks!!!!
- The 22 Cinema Display is great. Large working space, easy on the eyes, and awesome look.- The Dual 1Ghz G4, used with Mac OS X, is the ultimate system. OS X is super stable, combining the power of UNIX (and its large amount of software available), and the class and ease of use of the Mac GUI.Try this config and you will never go back to Windows (or Linux).
Its pretty sweet. I thought all i would do with it was surf the web. But now i have a DVD ROM installed and put in an additional 256 MB of memory. the memory upgrade is necessary as Windows XP uses a lot of RAM. An additional 256MB should suffice.i have an internet cable connection and downloads are a snap. the cd burner works well and viewing dvds with the graphic card provided is very good.all in all i think this is a very good machine if u dont want extreme performance.I would reccomend this machine as there is a lot of room for upgrades and the processor provides more than adequate performance.
With this new offer by Compaq, we are met with a new yet affordable way of obtaining a fully functional and operational PC at a reasonable price.Featuring a powerful AMD microprocessor, its performance is way beyond expected. But perhaps Compaq's best initiative is to sell it alone, so that we can choose between keeping our old monitor, or buying the one we really want.As usual, the case design looks pretty attractive, which makes it possible for us to identify the product with its brand.We can but say that Compaq did it again!
This computer has staying power....the best I've ever had.  It's still doing the job, perfectly, after 9 1/2 years!  It's handled every software I've added, and what else can you say.  A truly outstanding product.  JM
At first I was a little skeptical of Compaw, but my fears was soon relieved. My old computer was an HP, and i hated all other manufacturers, but I decided to give Compaq a chance since HP does own them. Also, the price was great, only 599 at Circut City.The computer was easy to setup, less than 5 minutes. This computer is really fast, even though it has a hard drive of 7200 rpm. The intergrated Geforce 2 graphics card is great for the time being, but I will probably upgrade to a Nvidia Geforce4 Ti 4200. The 256mb DDR SDRAM is a ok amount of memory. The computer only uses about 170 mb. The only exception is that the intergrated graphics take up 32mb, leaving the CPU with 224mb. Speaking of the CPU, which is 1600+ (1.4ghz), it is comparable to a Pentium 4 1.8 ghz because it has more operations per cycle. You are paying up to 500 dollars less than a Pentium 4. The sound card is also another great feature of this computer. Soundmax Integrated Audio is great. I have powerful 4.1 speakers and it sounds better than my old computer which had a Soundblaster Live card.The CD-RW drive is ultra fast (24x max). I have yet to test its DVD ability. I probably will do that soon. I have so far experienced no problems. Although I did caught a few viruses from transfering stuff from my old computer. Norton's Virus Scan immediatly picked it up and repaired it.The software installed is great. You get Roxio's Easy CD creator, Windows Media 8.0, and many games. Its enough to keep u busy for a while. Overall this computer is great. I highly recommend it. I got to go and play me some Max Payne right now, so go buy this computer!
Super deal! Really great value with windows XP, and 256 MB memory and Athlon XP, could not find better deal. I have been using this computer for the last 10 days, and I am amazed with it. Fast 16x writeable cd! And huge 40 GB store hard drive, I have 4 movies on the hard rive and still lots of room for music and programs. Compaq  makes really great products with stylish cases. Very fast computer there is no reason to pay more money for computer, because with this speed is already too fast for most applications, internet, and games. Athlon XP works great with windows XP; you just have to buy it to see. I give 5 out of 5, for this system and I highly recommend to everybody!!!
My wife have been waiting for a new machine. Finally, I bought her this one. Small size, fast, quiet, and tons of hard drive space.BTW. 80G not 8G...After loading all graphics design(Adobe photoshop 7.0, Illustrator..etc) that she used to use, play around some rendering stuuffs,she is really happy on the speed.Right on my budget as well.Comes with Windows XP@Home, 3 games, include simcity 3000 unlimited(That game she has been waiting long time...)Why wasting your time look around. This is the one you need.
Got this for work, and since I'm in IT, it naturally has a good deal of server applications running on it (SQL Server, SMTP server, web server, ftp server), not to mention other random programs like a firewall and Norton with the most paranoid and power-hungry settings possible. I also frequently run programs like photoshop, illustrator, quarkXpress, acrobat, massive excel files, and much more...not to mention the occasional 3d-shooter late at night...don't tell my boss!So, considering the amount of programs I am constantly running on top of the background applications, this is running extremely capably. Not a problem yet.Just a side note, I have win2k server installed rather than winXP (which would probably be fine but doesn't have the same functionality).Looks nice, takes up little space, runs so quietly I seriously can't hear it...especially compared to the darn Mac G4 sitting behind me, or my old HP.And if you've had bad experiences with compaqs in the past...well I have too...up until a couple years ago their computers weren't worth squat in my opinion...very shoddy. But now they're by far the best widely commercially available and affordable PCs available. They probably took a cue from their business server department and started making good computers finally. Happy with this and with my 2701 US presario notebook =)
I think we need to clear some things up. This notebook uses the standard P4. Not the Xeon and not the P4-M. The advantage of this is that the processor is socketed and allows easy access via a door on the bottom for upgrades (Anandtech successfuly used a P4 2.0). The hard drive can be upgraded as well.No "frying" that I've heard of, although it does get hot. ALWAYS be wary of anything a salesman tells you. Especially if he is trying to sell you 90's server tech (Xeon) as "the next best thing".
This barebones computer was delivered promptly and in perfect condition.  The wiring of the power supply and processor fan was already completed.  It should be noted however that the bay for the 3.25 floppy drive is set up for a proprietary drive.  Although a standard floppy drive fits in without a problem, it is not cosmetically appealing.
I bought this computer about 2 weeks ago with some graduation money. I needed a computer that was portable so I could carry it back and forth on the plane next year between school and home (so that basically ruled out an &quot;old-fashioned&quot; desktop computer), something with more than adequate hard drive space (don't believe those snobs that say 20 MB isn't enough... unless you want to load every single video game ever manufactured onto your computer, 20 MB is more than sufficient for all of the documents, programs, favorite games, pictures, music, etc. that you want on your computer, and more.) The screen is sharp and big enough to comfortably view your favourite DVDs on the DVD/CD-RW drive. My only complaint is that the CD-RW drive could've been a bit faster. The design of the notebook is great- not only does it look sleek and futuristic with the silver and black design, but it's rounded and not quite as bulky and boxy as many other notebooks in its class. It also weighs a bit less than many other notebooks- a helpful feature especially when you need to carry it through the airport. The headphone and microphone jacks are conveniently located on the side, and all of the cable plugs including the USB's, S-video, etc. are neatly arranged in the back. The screen is crisp and sharp (a characteristic that is especially noticeable and appreciated when viewing DVDs or pictures), the color is excellent, and I have yet to have a problem with the system overheating, even after leaving it on for hours at a time. The battery life is decent- I get about an hour and a half out of it. As I said before, the DVD/CD-RW is an enjoyable feature- I think everyone should have a CD-RW drive these days, they're very useful for everything from storing music, presentations, backing up files, etc.; and a DVD-ROM drive is a fun bonus. I think the floppy drive also deserves to be mentioned, because a lot of desktops don't come with them anymore but I'm glad mine has one because it's useful when you're on the run and want to quickly copy a picture or document to give to a friend or transfer to another computer. In all, this is an excellent system- I'm very happy and very satisfied with it. (Trust me- you don't need to waste your money on some notebook just becuase everyone says it's &quot;better&quot; or you'll end up with a lot of unnecessary features and extras... you will be more than happy with this one.) It is a fantastic desktop replacement, especially for a student or home computer user who just wants to have something a little more portable. It runs well (I have yet to have a technical problem) and it's an attractive, efficient machine that does everything I need it and want it to do, and much more.
I shopped for a new laptop recently to replace my aging Dell Latitude Ls.  Main criteria was one that had some power, good graphics engine, cdrw/dvd drive, etc.  This one fits the bill for me!  The integration with XP is pretty nifty overall.If you want a laptop that will do business applications, play dvds, burn cds; this is a good choice.  The default configuration with 256mb of memory, 20g drive, seems very reasonable.  The physical beauty of the unit is striking!  The Presario 700 models seems very well built and are nice to look at.The price point is very nice!
To start with, it looks great. It's black & silver, sleek &  svelte (6.4 lbs), at least compared to my old HP (Omnibook 6000). All the Compaq's stuff is in the right place, with a 3.5" floppy drive & a PCMIA slot on one side, and an acceptable DVD/CD-RW on the other. All the other connections (including 2 USB ports & a network interface port) are on the back, where they should be. In fact, when not connected to its home-based wires, the whole panel hides behind a plastic hinged door, a effective solution.The processor is the basic AMD Duron. It's quite capable of most daily, non-graphics intense tasks, but not as good as the AMD Athalon or the Intel PIII mobile. Graphics are just okay, but  the screen is unusually sharp. The 256K RAM is also okay for everyday stuff, and it can be increased to 384 megs. The 20 Meg hard drive is just adequate. Overall, this is a wonderful though soemwhat basic machine made by a company that looks like it's here to stay.
Wow, three years ago I bought an IBM 760ED Thinkpad. I thought it was a good deal, but after about a week it constantly froze up. It didn't matter how far you were into Windows, it did it whenever it wanted. Well, I sold it for about 1/3 of what I bought it for to a friend. After 6 months without a laptop and taking a job that required one, I picked up this baby on May 29, 2002. WOW! is all I can say! I wanted to go all out with my newest notebook, and Compaq spared no expense!This is the coolest looking notebook I have ever seen. A silver top and bottom; black around the screen and keyboard, with silver outlining the keyboard, and chrome trim (I'm a chrome freak!).The DVDR/CDRW combo drive is awesome! And I never expected such an excellent DVD picture to come out of this thing. Sure, some things are a little "snowy" and the colors aren't as vivid as they could possibly be, but I had low expectations going into this thing.My first choices before this laptop were a Sony Vaio (because they're SO slim) or an HP (since I'd used an HP at work before). But, the Vaio is too expensive, and Sony isn't built on a computer foundation like Compaq is, and the HP's look like plastic toys (the purple and black ones). With the chrome and the DVD/CDRW combo, I couldn't pass it up! Sure, the price is a bit high, but I truly believe that I got my money's worth.I like keeping my reviews updated, so if there are any problems, I will post them here!Update:  6/12/2002I have had to figure out the hard way that this baby gets HOT very quickly!  (If you receive an offer to buy one of those insurance programs, I recommend you do!)  After about 2 hours or so, it gets so hot that my wireless network card will actually stop working.  It takes about 10 minutes propped up and shut down for it to cool off, but with this amount of time, it can actually go as long as 15 minutes before getting hot again.  Kind of hard to use in bed like this, but, hey.  So, beware!!
What can be said about the amazing ability to surf the net from any room in the house?While the setup was a tiny bit tricky for me- a quick visit to the Apple support pages led me to the solution, and I am so far totally loving it! I can't believe how low key they're being about the fact that you can use the internet to stream video/audio/etc. while you're in the kitchen, on the patio, in the yard... anywhere. It's incredible. As an added bonus, I get to share the internet connection between the two computers in my house without wires. Definitely a must buy if your computer is airport ready.Unlike someone below, my connection to Road Runner worked flawlessly and feels even quicker than usual. While getting optimal performance might require a tweak or two, they are definitly worth it if you don't give up so easily.Great product, as usual from Apple.
It's also easy to set up. Although I did have some problemswhen I wanted it to handle my wired computer as well, I was able to negotiate those with the help of a friend, and without the use of any extra hardware like a router.  Once set up the Airport&trade; worked great, and even switching from DSL to Cable was a snap.  I haven't noticed any range problems, though admittedly I'm not asking for much, and the unit is transmitting through solid walls without any problems.
Check out B0000899ZA and B0000899ZC, the new Airport Extreme. Much faster and lower prices.
Own a Mac and want wireless? buy the airport basestation. It's worth it.
Incredibly easy to set up, configure, and use. I have 3 Macs (including a PowerBook) using it as a router, both with Ethernet wiring as well as wireless. Works *flawlessly*.
The Apple Airport Base Station is simply the easiest to deploy and trouble free 802.11b wireless access point networking solution available today.As with all Apple products I have recently purchased, in less than 10 minutes out of the box, this product was fully setup and operational and supporting multiple iBooks and  iMacs with full signal strength wireless networking made even more impressive with a broadband internet connection.But what is really cool is that even if you do not have a fast internet connection, you can still share a dial up internet connection over the Airport network.  How many other routers on the market today have this RJ-11 feature?I uplinked the Airport to a Linksys 4-port router and turned off the NAT and DHCP capabilities of the Airport - just to let the Linksys continue serving NAT & DHCP - using the Airport as a bridge (and a wireless access point), instead of a router.  Yet, the Airport can serve as your primary router if  you have no additional hardware -  I did not want to turn my Linksys into an expensive switch!A hub or switch can be connected to the uplink ethernet jack if more wired LAN capability is needed.  This product is a breeze to setup in either OS 9.x or OS 10.1 (and will be even easier in OS X 10.2).  Make sure you use the latest Airport software for your OS (currently version 2.0.4 for OS X 10.1.5 and OS 9.2.2).The Airport Setup Assistant and the Airport Admin Utility (in the Applications -> Utilities directory in OS X) are you friends - just plug the Airport into your LAN or modem, run the Assistant, and the next thing you know, you will be enjoying the freedom that only Wi-Fi can provide.  No more wires!If you are an Apple user who is looking for a Wi-Fi solution, look no further.  You want the Airport Base Station - a purchace you will not regret!
While the Airport mightn't have all the bells and whistles of some of the competition, it is the absolutely the best solution for Mac users. I use it at home to support a mixture of Macs and PCs,  and found it a breeze to set up and use.It's also really easy to upgrade, unlike some other wireless routers I've used. Apple keep adding new functionality that you can download for free...(e.g., 128-bit encryption, PPP dial-in, and PPTP support).N.B. - If you use a Windows PC to access your office network over a VPN, then you will need to check the Apple website to get the latest version of the Airport software (version 2.0.4). Earlier software versions don't support Microsoft's PPTP tunnelling protocol, but the latest version works just fine (you also need to be running MacOS X 10.1.5).Upgrading is a breeze, after you install the update on your Mac, you just have to hit the "update" button in the Airport confugration tool! No messing around with setting up tftp or serial connections.
If you have never networked anything, ever, and want to be able to walk around your house with your iBook, then buy the airbase and aircard. I plugged it in, put the card in my ibook, and I was surfing from the bathroom, basement, and even the neighbor's! A great buy. ...
The Apple AirPort Base Station is extremely easy to use.  The ABS software from Apple is designed with the same Apple Macintosh simplicity.  This product includes security features that are easily understood, robust and fully standardized.  The ABS is configurable via both Mac OSX and OS9 with support for computers running the Windows OS and third party PC cards.  I can easily roam anywhere in the home and still maintain internet access.
One of the best features of the AirPort is its built - in modem and Network Address Translation (NAT) which allows multiple wireless computers to share a single dial in connection.  If you're not up with cable or DSL yet, you can still get a wireless home or small business network going in no time, even if you're not a techie.  When connected to cable or DSL, this little guy really shines, fully connects both Apples and PCs and is the coolest looking networking device you'll find.  Apple just announced a new version with print server, but the current model AirPort has botth WAN and LAN connectors, so you if you're all wireless now, you can set up a 10BT print server as a peripheral and print off the WAN port.  More expensive than some other solutions, but it does more too.
Technology is a great thing for us older folk. I have a lot of trouble understanding it but sure do like using it.
This is an awesome laptop.  My company bought me the powerbook and my coworker a HP P4 1.6 ghz- both with 512 mbs of memomry.  He prefers the HP only because the applications that he uses (mis guy)is more available on windows (plus he's always been a pc guy).  I've also have always been a PC user (and still am).  I've compared using photoshop, quark, flash, microsoft office on both systems.  Even when rasterizing eps files, i didn't really notice the speed difference.  Both systems had plenty of memory and I haven't had any problems with it freezing up.  The screen on the apple is so much nicer (and wider) than the HP.  It is also so much easier and more reliable to burn cd's (both music and data) on the apple than the hp.  Both systems hooked up to the network pretty easy- however the apple had a built in wireless (airport) while the hp needed a seperate card.  The apple is also alot lighter and slimmer than the hp and you can tell the design is so much better.  the apple is made of titanium and carbon fibre i believe and everything is designed so clean.  Another nice thing about the apple over the hp was that all the included software was usefull and good (itunes, imovies, etc) while the hp was loaded with alot annoying junk software (including all the internet junk).The only complaint about apple is that other than the essential softwares and even components - programs are harder to comeby and usually really expensive.
I really don't have room to write about how great this machine is.  I bought one in Jan and cant live without it.  It is everything and more than I imagined.  Highly recommended.  If your in the market for a powerful professional laptop, get the Ti Powerbook G4.  If you only need a minimal performance machine and dont want to spend the money then an iBook is a great alternative.LOVE IT
I was a little bit skeptical about buying one of these.  I was told they are somewhat fragile, at least more so than the iBooks (and they are), but I think it's worth it.  This is in my opinion the most beautifully built, best working (and best looking) notebook computer out there.  It is 1&quot; thick (CLOSED mind you).  It features a beautiful, bright 15&quot; Monitor.  Other features include a slot loading CD-RW drive, USB, Firewire...the list goes on.  Once you max out the RAM in one of these (holds 1GB), the machine really flies.  I use mine daily for web browsing, email, Microsoft Office, and work in Adobe Photoshop.  It's a pleasure to use.You already heard the pros, now for the cons.  The machine gets pretty warm, especially if the computer is sitting on your lap and doesn't have as much room to &quot;breathe.&quot;  Airport (802.11b WiFi) reception isn't as good as it is in other notebooks because of the material it's made out of, plus the fact that the antennas are on the sides of the bottom part of the computer instead of being located where the screen is (like the iBooks).  It is somewhat fragile--the finish scratches easily if you're not careful.  The joints where the screen connects to the body don't look like they could handle a ton of pressure; I'm scared to think what might happen if I were to drop the computer hard enough.  So yes, it is more fragile than other notebooks, but I really take good care of  mine so I try not to worry about it much.  Just carry it around in a case, don't abuse it, and you should be fine.Finally, in reponse to another review I read, I have to disagree with what was said about Apple's tech support.  They have the BEST tech support out of any company I've ever had to deal with, hands down.  The technicians are extremely friendly and knowledgable.  When I had problems with an iBook I had previously purchased, they resolved my problem quickly and at no extra charge for me.  If good tech support is important as to your buying decision, go with Apple--you won't be disappointed.
This is one of the best powerbooks I've ever owned expect for one minor bugger.... at times the chasis can get a little too hot to put on your lap. But with today's faster processors comes with more heat, so I guess it's no big-e. I used a coupon from UnderTag.com, so it was a bargain for me too.
This Powerbook is my 7th Apple Laptop.  My wife and I currently own three.  I needed to replace my Powerbook G3 FireWire (Pismo) but didn't like all the specs on the Ti G4, which was first introduced in January of 2001.  This generation added everything I had complained about.  1. Mic in port.  2. Higher Res Screen.  3. More VRAM (32mb from 16mb).  and 4. the ability to drive an external monitor from a digital output.  This machine is fast and an absolute pleasure to use.
I had considered the iBook, but the added value of the G4 and big screen make this discontinued PowerBook a great value.  The ATI 7500 graphics card in this is not the ATI 9000 model in the latest Powerbooks, but this doesn't have a big speed impact unless you use lots of video editing software.  I'm using the Powerbook for multi-track audio recording with Emagic's Logic.  This laptop has enough power for that and all my other apps.  I do recommend more ram though if you are running complex music sequencing, video, or photo editing.  I added an additional 512 MB .
I've been extremely happy with this computer and it has served me well.  The only problem I've had Apple fixed right away.  Highly recommended for anyone who will use their notebook as their primary or only computer.
I've had this baby for about three weeks now and there is only one word that can describe it... AMAZING!  This is my first mac in about 10 years and the transition back couldn't have been any easier.  My overall productivity has actually increased.  I transfer files between this and my pc desktop flawlessly so compatibility is not an issue.  MacOS X is a godsend after living in the windows world for 10 years.  The design is wonderful.  It's thin and light, compared to other pc laptops.  Only 800mhz, you say?  Well, this baby FLIES!  Don't let the mhz deceive you.  It feels on par with my 1.8ghz P4 desktop.. especially in photoshop.  Lack of software?  All I need is available.  I don't know what else to say.. this thing is just amazing.  Try one out for yourself and u'll see.
if you want to find out about mac goto the apple web page- i'll just say that i've used pc's extensively and this year bought my first mac... osx is a dream- i will never even think of purchasing a pc again.
This machine is amazing.  I ordered one to replace my 2year old Pismo (G3/500) the week they were announced, and have have used it for 12-16 hours a day since it arrived.  The screen is perfect:  Incredibly bright, high resolution, great side viewability...  On my old machine, I still had to boot into OS 9 for a few tasks (ok, Diablo II, I admit my addiction)  I havn't even launched anything in classic mode on this beast.  OS X is fast and stable.  I fully expect this computer to last me another 2 years.
I've had one since the end of May 2002, and I love it.
I'm what you would call a power user.  I work in the animation biz and use unix workstations and pee cees the whole day.  The only time I had ever used a mac was when I was in middle school.  But when I saw this beauty I just had to have one.  The unit is simply beautiful and is great for video editing on the fly...which is what I mainly use it for. It has become an invaluable tool for quickly putting together comps for dailies at the studio.The ease of use and design of the OS is wonderful...I don't really understand why so many pc users are against macs.  My suggestion is to go out and take it for a spin at your local electronics store and decide for yourself.  For me,  powering this baby up after spending hours upon hours working on SGI and SUN workstaions is a pleasure in itself.If you are going to get this unit,  make sure you don't skimp on RAM and buy an extra battery because nothing is worst than having your powerbook low in a middle of a work session.
This computer is my desktop replacement for college and is more than I could ask for. Excellent processor speed, great graphics, and the upgradability is well worth my money. Great software bundle w/ ability to watch, listen and create Cd's and dvd's.
I've had the NV170 for 3 months and its been great.Like some of the other reviews regarding this laptop, it is a BRICK.  Definitely not for a business traveler.But if you need a fast and powerful computer you can take with you on occasions, this is perfect.  Some of the programs loaded are a little difficult to get working but once I got around it and downloaded my own programs, it does all I need.  The screen is large and crisp compared to other laptops I've looked at.  Also sounds great with the changeable woofer.
This laptop is well designed.  The moment you open the package. You noticed this is a well-built product.  The engineer really put a lot of effort into every detail. A really elegant computer. The screen is beautiful. The speaker with the sub-subwofer put out some nice sound effect. Sony packs this baby with too many multi-media sofeware goodies. Too much in my opinion.The exchangable multi-bay module is pretty cool. I was worried about the quality of this design and worry about the interface. Don't worry, the feel of the module sliding into the slot actually is pretty smooth. The sub-wofer and the 3.5inch floppy drive satified my needs.Usually Sony offer free memory upgrade and rebate. This sweetens the deal.Three minor complaints are:1. The AC adapter tend to heat up more than my prior laptop.2. This computer is a brick. A bit thick compared to other laptop.3. Battery life is not as good as other products. But I am not a mobile executative so this is not a problem.Overall a superb product. Well worth the moneny in my opinion. But I only have it for 2 wks so will have to see how this baby end up in a few months.Good Luck!
I bought the Sony Vaio NV170 about two months ago. My first impression was how well it was packed in the box. After getting it out and turning it on, I was impressed by the speed of the laptop and the sharpness of the 15&quot; LCD screen. It came with 256mb ram, and wasn't too bad. I got the free 256mb ram upgrade and after installing it, it was worth the upgrade. I can multitask faster with more ram. The modem isn't the best. With my desktop, I could always connect above 48kbps, but with this - if I'm lucky, I can get connected at 42kbps. I also wish Sony went with USB 2.0 instead of 1.1 so I can use an external hard drive. Gonna have to get a USB 2.0 PCMCIA card. Overall, if you have broadband, this is a great laptop! If you don't care about slow modem speeds, then this is still a great laptop!
I have owned this little wonder for a little over a year now, and it has never failed me.  Getting it to run XP was a little stressful, but now it has been a reliable and wonderful school PC and a great travel notebook.  The biggest selling point has to be the size- I can tuck it into my purse or just carry it like a clutch, anywhere I need to take my work.  The three-plus hours of battery time are perfect for travel or when I just feel like writing outside.The memory is a little spare, but it's so easy to network that I can access it with my desktop and backup easily.  I recently purchased a media slice docking station, with which I will gain a DVD drive and some more capabilities, but even all by itself the x22 is perfect for portable and high-performance computing.
Please don't hesistate to buy this rare laptop. With PIII 800 MHz, the little one runs as great as my current DELL 5100, which is a P4 2.4G. With only 3.4 lb weight,you can take it to anywhere you want. BTW, with the car kit plugged, you can even enjoy movies or play games in your SUV! Imagine it. I hope you won't think me as a too enthusiastic fan for IBM, but the amazing quality and performance beat down any other brands I have owned before. Comparing with X23 or even X24, the X22 is a little out dated. But the 800Mhz will never fall behind 1.2G. I have tried several games and other software on both of them. There is really small difference between them. What's more, X22 has been evaluated as the best laptop by numerous websites and newspapers. 20G hard driver plus 12'screen plus 256 M memory and car kit will make your life perfect. I really love it. Hope you do so!
is a good monitor and low price
This monitor brings you great colors and amazing contrast. It includes the Pivot Pro software which allows you to rotate the contents of your desktop at the same moment when you pivot your screen physically. This capability allows you to read PDF files, for example, like they were written on a regular "tall" letter paper.There is one feature that I do not like too much. While the image looks nice from incredible angles from the left as well as from the right, the screen looks brighter when observed from the top than if you view it from the bottom. This also implies that while the monitor is rotated, your left eye sees a darker image than your right eye.The LCD panel is connected in the same way as ordinary CRT monitors. Therefore you should not expect that ClearType and similar things designed for purely digitally controlled LCD panels will be too efficient.Every graphical mode remembers separate settings (horizontal and vertical displacement; colors etc.). Until yesterday I thought that Windows XP did not allow me to view the games using low-resolution modes properly. But it does.The current price at amazon.com is less than fifty per cent of the price indicated at the manufacturer's website at this moment. LCD panels are much healthier and their image is sharper and more stable than that of CRT monitors. They also consume less power and they occupy less space. But be prepared that this LCD monitor is thicker than many (thin) LCD panels. I think that it looks elegant - including its round hole for cables at the bottom of the monitor - and I can recommend you this model unequivocally.
Not long after Max (my iBook) arrived Ruin13's fianc&eacute;e walked up to me and said "I hear you got a new iBook."I replied. "Yes! He's cute!"I believe this just confirmed his opinion of me as a slightly off center weirdo. Eh. Truth hurts more if you don't just accept it from the get go.Max is cute. He's all white and the little apple on his cover lights up when I have him on. Total strangers have cooed over him as if he were a particularly adorable baby and some of my friends are plotting getting one of their own.~So what's so great about Max?~First of all, he's a Mac. This translated into common tongue means that Max is super easy to run. Turn him on and he goes. Just like magic. I'm a junkie now. Sit me down in front of a PC and I'm apt to spent a lot of time cursing it when I can't quit an application with a simple keystroke or navigate Excel with one finger.Then there's all the cool stuff Max came pre-loaded with. There's the usual stuff, mail, Internet Explorer, Appleworks (a lesser word processing program with greater art capabilities than Word), Sherlock (which is a shortcut file finder), and Quicktime. Do PCs come with that stuff or do they figure they have you over a barrel after you spent less on the machine so they make you pay, what, [price] for Word? Thank you, sir, may I have another?Max also came with (for free and nothing) iTunes, iMovie, and iPhoto. ITunes is probably the easiest MP3 dealie on the market. It took me about 20 minutes to master it because I assumed it was more difficult than it was. I haven't played with iMovie yet and I haven't even loaded iPhoto because I'm still too enchanted with iTunes to be bothered. I have absolute faith that once I start playing with those applications I will be entertained for months after a short introductory learning session. ....Max is packed with memory and charges up really fast. I'd tell you how much memory, but those numbers didn't mean enough to me to stick in my mind. It's probably enough for me to edit a 2 hour movie without having to delete my game. I did, however, run him down to nothing on his battery shortly after arrival and it took between 90 minutes and 2 hours to charge up.And there's one stupid Mac trick that makes me smile every time. When you click on a file to open it, it bounces while it's opening. Yes, it's stupid, but it never fails to bring a goofy grin to my face to see the iTunes icon bouncing up and down. And if you want to pretend don't have the most fun as well as the best machine going, there's a downlaod you can get to make it stop. You can also set the icons on the genius bar to magnify when you pass the cursor over them which is also a lot of fun, but gets in my way.~The upgrades~I didn't order the stripped down iBook. Oh no, I needed, required, could not live without DVD playing capabilities. And I'm actually impressed. I was afraid it would look like a big screen projection TV. It doesn't. The picture gets faded or darkened depending on how far off center you are, but the screen is only 9.75 inches wide, how far away did you think you were going to get? Three people could sit abreast and watch a movie without trouble.I also got (but don't tell my husband, it's a surprise for his birthday) a CD burner. Yes, inside Max's guts hides a CD burner. ITunes being the super simple process that it is, all you have to do to burn CDs is click a button. No, I'm serious. There's a button on the screen that says Burn CD. Click it and wait a few minutes. I think it took 20 minutes or half an hour when I tried it.~What's not great about Max?~Not much, but there are a few things. The speakers aren't so great, but I didn't expect much from a speaker the size of my thumb. The help section is nearly impossible for me to navigate. It sort of works like Ask Jeeves. You type in a question and it provides you with likely topics for your answer. I labor with the handicap of an English major so I know how to research and this kind of help just isn't helpful for me. I'm also not crazy about the mouse pad thing. I'd be happier if they just took that out and put in hole for a removable mouse. Steve, if you're paying attention, that's the only thing I really want.The only thing that truly bugs me is the color. (I'm such a girl that way.) I actually liked the colored clamshells. I'm sure Yoko Ono approves of the all white design, but I'm just worried about getting it smudged. I haven't taken the plastic cover off the battery thing because I want to keep it from getting banged up. So I guess there's another thing I really, really want. Color. Can you see Max with a nice sapphire blue case? He'd be really cute then.I recommend Macs to everyone except game junkies. There isn't much in the way of games and what there is comes out months after the PC version. I, however, find that to be a boon. If Max and the Blue Meanie could play lots and lots of wonderful games I would be forever playing games and never writing. The world would be poorer by 2 romance novels in the last 6 months alone. (Stop laughing, it is too a loss.)Get an iBook and discover how accessible computers can be. I must be off. I'm either going to watch my DVD of Earthquake or I'm going to finish that CD I started to assemble the other day. Or maybe I should be writing. The world needs more quality romance novels.
I think the iBook is a wonderful machine. I'd been looking for a new notebook for home and decided to forego a pc and look into the new iBook. I plumped for  the 600Mhz machine with the combo DVD-RW, and an airport card. I upped the ram to a beefy 384Mb because I knew that like most modern operating systems Mac OS X runs much more smoothly with more memory.This is is most enjoyable notebook I've ever had the pleasure to own (especially after years of pc notebook use).  The iBook is light and  robust and has some design touches: for instance, the retractable latch which prevent breakage, and the clever power adapter. I ordered the airport card and extra memory separately so I had to install those at home. This was a snip - two small latches at the top of the keyboard slide back, allowing access to the airport and memory slots underneath.If you have a broadband connection at home, I would recomend that you get Airport. It's very enjoyable to be able to sit whever you like in your home, enjoy a cup of coffee and use the iBook for browsing the web or picking up email.The CD burner seems very reliable - in fact, much more reliable than my Dell Dimension machine - and DVD playback is good. I ordered an Apple AV connnection so I can connect the iBook to the TV in the bedroom and use it as a second DVD player. One small caveat - don't expect theatre quality sound from the internal speakers (this applies to any laptop not just the iBook).Battery life is good. I curently get over three hours on a full charge.  I need to investigate the effect on battery life of turning the airport card off when not needed because this will probably increase my battery time.Highly recommended.
the ibook is perfect for me i am a student and wanted a cheap  portable small and light computer, it has all the software i need, my first upgrade will be 512mb more of ram. but i can use it just fine. it is well built much much better than my old compaq and the battery life is excellent. poeple might say the 12 in display is small but if you had a bigger screen it makes it heavier, and larger i wanted the 12in because of the size and you do not ahve to squint all the time. the best thing about this laptop is that it was mad e by the same company that makes the os so it works in perfect harmony. 600 mhz is mine but big deal ot runs faster than my girlfriends p3 hp. so get the ibook the end
A recent &quot;switcher&quot; from the PC platform, my admiration for the OS X / Apple hardware experience blossomed after just a few weeks.  Why so long?  For me, the &quot;click-flow&quot; for tasking took a little getting used to; however, I am beginning to experience the simplicity of usage much touted over the years.  I upgraded the memory in my iBook to 600K+ and the processor is @ 700MHZ with the 12&quot; screen.  This change was initially a challenge as my last laptop was an IBM with 15&quot; screen and 850 P3;the transition was easier while gazing at the beautiful display, the ability to run the Mac version of Office Pro (for file sharing and seamlessness with the remainder of my PC crowd company)and the still to be mastered features such as ical,imovie etc.,(all of which i enjoy more as I learn).  So, the switch is fun, new and has come for me with a limited amount of excess stomach acid.
Having been a Macintosh user for 12 years, I found it difficult to abandon Apple as I was purchasing a computer for college.  This gem was by far a good buy.  For its price, the iBook is powerful enough to do all standard work on the go - wordprocessing, e-mailing, browsing the internet, listening to music, and really any non-gaming task. The built-in 128 megs of RAM was not enough memory, so I upgraded the RAM to 384 Megs (OS X is RAM-hungry).My experiences on-the-go have all been really good.  The sleek, light design of the iBook makes it easy to take with me while travelling.  Its battery life is very good - especially running OS 9.  Speaking of which, OS 9 runs awesome on it! If it wasn't for the fact that OS X is much more stable, I would definitely be using 9.The gaming power is all that limits the iBook.  Partially this is because the processor isn't high end.  Also, the 16 meg ATI Radeon Mobility video card leaves a bit to be desired.  However,the new editions of the iBook have 16 and 32 meg ATI Radeon 8500 Mobility cards which probably help speed up gaming.All in all, the iBook is a great value for a laptop.  With the new lower prices, they are an even better value for somewhat powerful, portable computing.
Let's be clear up front: You need to add memory, an air port card and some cables to make this computer work to its best. We added Jaguar and the latest version of Office. Given that, we love this machine. It is an integral part of our wireless home network; it was easy to set up and to add to the network. The extra memory was easy to install and goosed the performance. The DVD player works fine and drives a large screen projector with the right cable; it is a good tool for the classroom.The screen is sharp enough for good movie viewing. Speed is fine. memory is expandable. You can burn CDs. The unit is pretty rugged, and not too heavy. A child can manage to start it, load and install software, and operate it easily. It comes in handy, surfing the net or reading e-mail while riding an exercise bike. Portable, powerful and user friendly.
My iBook is my favorite computer of all those I've ever owned. The 600MHz G3, complete with 100 MHz system bus, is more than adequate to serve all my needs while on the road. Beyond that, it has a very clear and bright screen.  And all of this is wrapped in a very light and small package that looks fantastic.And MacOS X, well, it's the best operating system ever.  And I've used everything from MS-DOS 3 to Windows XP, from Solaris to OpenBSD, and all points between.Buying an iBook was, quite simply, the best computing purchase I've ever made.
This is my first Mac, and I just love the iBook!  The design is beyond anything that the PC world has produced.  The thought that went into the big and little details is evident everywhere.  The iBook is just a great pleasure to use, and OS X is a world class operating system.My only recommendation is to get more RAM! I got 512Mb chip ..., and now with 640Mb my iBook flies.  When I played with 128MB in the store it was much slower.
And I thought it was for me? Airport and Ibook means, email in bedroom, kitchen, living room, and bathroom =). I can't get her to let me use it, until I have to use it for work. I love the 12 inch monitor, I love the smaller size, I have another G3 computer so I don't need a bigger screen. I just put it in my suitcase, and i'm off. The Battery life is great! I let my kids watch DVD on trips. I've made a little place for the laptop to sit between the front seats in my van, instant portable theater! Nice little CD burner. I've never had such flexibility with any other computer in my life, and I've had many. Mac X is an impressive OS, and with a little added memory (i got an extra 256), I can't see too much difference between my Ibook and the 800mzh G4 Imac. Oh by the way, did I mention, that my Ibook makes other laptops look like plastic toy boxes. Nice looking machine. If you need a laptop, there is no other way to go. Way to Go Apple!
I'm a PC switcher who used PCs until January 2002.  This is my second Mac within a year.  I love it.  I definitely need to add more RAM; 128M isn't enough as it bumps against the hard drive which affects battery life.  This is a great little portable.  Yes, you can use Adobe Photoshop on it, but I generally reserve my high-powered applications for a larger screen; i.e., my 17&quot; Apple Studio Display.  The G3 chip in the iBook can handle Photoshop, and most apps, but remember this is a laptop with a 12-inch screen.  I love its small size and portability.  It's great to slip into a purse or take outside and surf wirelessly from my swing in the oaks.  I would recommend adding more RAM.  Also the cord on the battery adapter is a bit fragile, as it is made of the kind of wire that isn't very flexible.  Apple says you can wrap the cord up inside the adapter, but I prefer to keep it stretched out so that it lasts longer.  Other than the wire on the power adapter, which is a minor complaint, I can't say enough good things about this little book.  I do wish Apple would increase RAM capabilities in these to at least 1 G.  You can never have enough RAM!  I have also really enjoyed watching DVD movies on it.  It's great to surf in bed and is super quiet.  A nice break when you're tired of your loud desktop.  And I can't say enough about the relaxing benefits of surfing wirelessly.  My battery life, if I play a DVD, which is what Apple recommends as a battery test, is 2 hours; Apple uses this as a test because playing a DVD keeps the hard drive constantly in motion.  If I am only surfing and chatting, and I dim the screen to increase battery life, I get about 3 1/2 hours.  You will get more battery life if you add more RAM and dim the screen slightly.  It recharges quickly; in about 2 hours.  I am so glad I have an Apple iBook and would not want any other notebook on the market.  Love the style, love the applications, and I chose the 12-inch screen over the 14-inch because I wanted the portability.  I have a desktop, a PowerMac, so I was not looking for a desktop replacement, just something to journal/blog in, use Microsoft Word, Photoshop occasionally, and surfing, email and chat.  The iBook has lived up to all my expectations except playing games in Yahoo is slow, which is primarily a function of me only having 128M of RAM.  Anyone knows that isn't enough RAM.  Oh, and don't think of using the speakers to play your iTunes!  Get an iPod, headphones, or use your desktop's speakers for that.  I highly recommend the iBook.
This is a wonderful computer. I bought one for my wife, and then decided I had to have one for myself. And after 'defecting' to the PC world for a few years, it's great to finally have a Mac again.Apple's attention to detail is superb, right down to the packaging the computer ships in. Setup is a cinch, and the OS X interface is as intuitive as it is gorgeous. The monitor is extremely bright, and the colors are crisp and clear. The keyboard is moderately-sized, and very comfortable to type on. The trackpad is glossy-smooth, so the cursor glides right along--not stuttering like so many laptops.Performance is quite snappy, though the computer definitely benefits from adding extra RAM (it's cheap, and easy to install). Consider this a workhorse, not a racehorse. If you need to run a dozen Adobe applications simultaneously, you will likely be frustrated with this machine. Buy a G4. For everyday computing, though, the iBook is excellent.The one-year warranty is short; I recommend buying the AppleCare extended warranty. My wife did call Apple for support and was extremely impressed by the level of service she received. In fact, the technician has called back twice to follow-up and make sure that everything is working properly.It's simply a pleasure to use. Enjoy!
I've had my iBook 700 MHz for about a month now.  I bought it to replace a PowerBook G4 400 MHz.  I liked my previous PowerBook, but I was disappointed in a few things.  The airport range was poor and the battery life was less than I would have liked.  The iBook has very good battery life, excellent airport range, a small footprint, it's lighter than the PowerBook and more durable as well.  Speed is very good for most programs and the screen (although small) is very bright and easy on the eyes.  Overall, all I'm very pleased with the iBook.
Firstly for those of you who aren't sure if you should get the 12inch or 14inch ibook. I was a 14inch ibook fan, only reason i got the 12inch was because the 14inch was out of stock. i am sooo glad now that i actually got the 12inch. i was worried the screen might be small but its perfect, its all perfect. the ibook feels strong and can handle bumps here and there. i am a graphic designer and actually looked at the powerbook first. but for the price of the powerbook i could get an ibook AND powermac. just make sure you add as much RAM as you can.i orderd the ibook without actually seeing one in real life ever. once you get it, no matter how many pictures you had seen, you will be shocked at the beauty.in conclusion, definetly get the ibook, its really really worth it!
This is a great CONSUMER portable. Great for the average person like me running the typical software like surfing the web, e-mail, office documents, burning CD's and yes using Photoshop... Don't however expect the performance numbers of a dual G4 PROFESSIONAL level desktop. That's not what the iBook is for. I would suggest purchasing 3rd party RAM. The 128M is really the bare minimum. Do some research to make sure you know what exactly your getting with whatever computer your thinking of buying. I lurked in Apple's iBook disussion forum for months before I bought mine and couldn't be happier with my purchace.
I bought one of these for my father who had previously had little luck with his windows laptop. Unfortunately, while 'testing it' I got hooked and had to buy one for myself. It is beautifully designed, from the feel of the case to the OS X software and is a very addictive machine. I don't feel the need for a larger screen: I like its compact size and low weight. It isn't the fastest laptop on the block, but is snappy enough for everything I need at home including Photoshop and occasional office work.If you buy this laptop you do need to buy more RAM, especially for Photoshop and you don't need to, but you will also find yourself buying a digital camera, an Ipod MP3 player and finally a DV camcorder as well.The sign of true addiction though is the purchase of the Airport Base station and card. True laptop bliss is sitting in the garden surfing the web... this is the first computer to bring the fun back into computing for a long time.
First of all, I must point out all the people that gave this a bad review know little to nothing about macs. First of all their number one complaint is that the processor is lacking the speed as PC's. PC's have 1.8ghz processor and this one has 700mhz. What they don't realize is that Mac OS X is UNIX. And UNIX needs very little operating power as PC's 2 to 3 times less. Also when they say the screen is too small, they don't realize that the resolution on a PC monitor is VERY bad compared to a mac. I have been a loyal PC user for the last 5 years, but no more. Mac's are the way to go. The price is right for what you get. Plus the software that comes with a Mac is so much better than a PC. One more thing the computer is small. If you were to get a PC this small you would be paying much more than this. Seriously, most of the reviews you see about macs being worse and more expensive than PC's, come from reviewers you either hate macs or don't know what they are talking about. I reccommend this to ANYONE wanting a great laptop.
I just bought an iBook and man is it awesome. I been looking at it for such a long time. The features this machine has would allow anyone to do anything he wanted. Personally, I like to edit my own movies with iMovie, which is extremely easy to use. And with my DV camera, I can make great-looking films right at home. It's also very portable, so I can take it anywhere with me, and Airport allows me to stay connected. So in conclusion, the iBook is a fabulous computer that anyone would love to have.
I also came very close to purchasing the 12" version, but Amazon ran out and I ended up getting the 14".  I've seen a 12" in a store and the screen size looks pretty decent and maybe even a little easier to carry with the smaller dimensions.  If I didn't need the larger screen to give presentations, I would have definately waited for the 12" to save some money.My primary computer is (and still is) a desktop PC, but I have found no problems with the speed or memory in the iBook that would make it impossible to become a primary.  It is as beautiful of a laptop as everyone says it is!  Very sophisticated-looking.The only difficulties I have had were with the lack of manuals that came with the computer.  I have used Macs before, but never had my own to configure and such.  I'm so used to PCs that I had to stop and think how to setup certain things.  Something that was very strange to me was that when installing an AirPort card, the AirPort box did not include ANY installation manual, but after finally resorting to my iBook manual I found the AirPort installation instructions!!  Quite illogical if you ask me!  What if I had lost the iBook manual?All in all, though, it's a great laptop.  Wonderful clear screen and every feature you would need.
I bought the iBook the day after Apple came out with the 14&quot; screen version.  It is a pleasure to work with this laptop computer.  I use my iBook to process and retouch photos.  Wonderful screen resolution and fast.  I've hooked up a USB hub.  Now I have my Wacom tablet, mouse, HP 1700 printer and CompactFlash card reader ready for use when I turn on my laptop.  This laptop is not just for students, but for people who want to do a lot of work in a small package.
Having finally decided to plunk down the money for a laptop, I looked around and saw many rave reviews for Apple's iBook line. This iBook seems to be on backorder at just about every retailer, and for good reason.Apple has packed in so many cool and high-powered features into this little (5.9 lb) notebook, it could be its best value Macintosh ever released.Like Apple claims in its ads, I had this baby up and running less than 15 minutes out of the box. It connected to my office ethernet network, my home ethernet network, and my home Airport network (see below) quickly and easily, and I am a networking novice.A nice, bright, 14" LCD display, 2 USB ports, a video-out port, an audio jack a FireWire port and a drive that reads and burns CD-ROMs and DVDs make this iBook feature-filled. I've already connected it to an external VGA monitor and projector for Power Point presentations (it comes w/a handy adapter), and with the handy Apple video adapter (sold separately), I was able to connect my iBook to my TV and watch DVD movies.Oh, and did I mention the speedy 700 mHz processor? It runs OS X much snappier than one may think, and I've even read that it beats out some pricier TiBooks with G4 processors for some tasks.My wife installed an Airport card and was surfing the net in 10 minutes w/the Airport Base Station (both sold separately). We can even go on the front porch and surf with Airport!And OS X? It is the prettiest, smoothest and easiest operating system I've worked with since I fired up my first Commodore 64 in 1983. I have Windows XP Pro at the office, but I love to come home to OSX on my iBook. It's just a smarter, more intuitive operating system.Preinstalled software also makes this a great computer. AppleWorks 6 ain't M$ Office, but for the price, it's darn good. iTunes is an elegant, easy to use audio player, and I am now the star of my family after I hooked up my parents' digital camcorder to my iBook (after buying a FireWire cable) and edited home movies into burned DVDs. My Dell desktop at work came with no cool CD or DVD-authoring software, and no software that turned me into a video auteur in minutes.The only drawback - and this is nitpicking here - is that the iBook's hard drive and CD/DVD-RW drives cannot be upgraded. RAM is ridiculously easy to upgrade, though, and for a few extra dollars, you can max your iBook out at 640 meg of RAM.So if you can get your hands on this top-of-the-line iBook (legally), do so. You will be very impressed.
Never in my lifetime did I ever think I would own a Mac. I was smarter than that.  I made fun of people who used them. I don't need the simplified GUI, I'm not in the Educational field and rarely do graphic design, so why get one?!?Well wouldn't you know it...as soon as I heard OS X was based on the BSD4.4 kernal, my ears perked up.  Throw in a CD Burner, Apache, and all the practical and useful details of the iBook (way to many to outline here) and I was salivating to get my hands on one of these.I first was MCSE certified in the late 90's, switched to Cisco/Networking and am finishing up my CCNP, and am currently a net admin for a major website in Seattle...and yes, I now own a Mac.  My relationship with this powerful little computer is mind blowing.  I can download mp3's and burn them to disk all on the fly, watch movies in the background while using a terminal window to do network configs.  It has a cool little button on the rechargable batteries that lets you tell how full they are without having to turn on the laptop (think Energizer battery meters on AA where you can see if the AA battery is still good or not).  The display is beautiful for a 12 inch.  I can boot into the Bourne or Korn shell completely bypassing the GUI if need be.  And (AWESOME SIDE NOTE) if a GUI app gets stuck, i can "kill -9 pid" from a term window and get back to work (uh, no rebooting like W2K).I have a Cisco Wireless LAN @ home & @ work, and the built in wireless (airport) card works seemlessly between the two. It even picked up signal @ Starbucks on their network.  I feel so Elite when I pull out my shiny white glowing ibook @ Starbucks and check my email and chat while eveyone else is stuck in analog mode reading the daily paper.  True connectivity and digital bliss in a solid little package.I won't fully give up my W2K laptop (comfort in the familiar), but oddly enough for this apple convert, my time spent on my ibook far exceeds my Windows use...very strange to hear those words coming form my mouth. Now I have all the Linux gurus @ work wondering why they settle for a Dell laptop with Red Hat installed when they could be running a native Unix OS on a laptop that already recognizes the built-in hardware.  OS X is a gorgeous environment.Mac's aren't just for teachers and kids anymore!  =)Kevin
Great deal between the ibook and the powerbook, great procesor speed, big hard drive and of course the DVD/CDR.Excellent size and weigth.
I can say, without a doubt, this is the best computer I have used in the seven years I have owned PC/Macs. I switched from Mac to PC in 2001 and switched *back* after seeing all the features, style and value on offer from Apple with the new iBook.Ready out-of-the-box for email, Internet, video editing, playing MP3s, printing photos, even burning CD-Rs. And all with the integrated easy to use and hassle free Mac OS X.I can attest to the claims of 6 hour battery life, the wireless web works flawlessly and is a cinch to install. In fact, everything works so well that until I sat down to write this I had forgotten how good I've got it!
I just purchased one of these and am extremely pleased.  I opted for the iBook instead of the PowerBook for several reasons.  First off, the PowerBook puts off way too much heat.  I've also heard several complaints of the paint peeling and the slot-loading CD-ROM giving problems.  Also, I wasn't ready to drop [dollar amount] on a notebook computer.  I was a little hesitant at first to buy something with only a G3 processor, but rest assured, after you upgrade the RAM in this unit, it works like a dream.  It runs OS X very nicely (and that's supposed to improve when Apple issues 10.2 [Jaguar]).  I regularly use Microsoft Office apps along with Adobe Photoshop, Internet Explorer, etc., the usual stuff.  I don't notice it as being any slower than my iMac G4.So anyway, if you're looking for a computer that does it all without a [big]price tag, I highly recommend the iBook.
I finally got sick of the constant regular lockups and endless search for updated drivers on my XP Pro Desktop PC so I became a &quot;Switcher&quot;.16 years on a PC (and about 2 hours history on a Mac) got me used to dealing with these problems.  As I became more and more involved in digital pictures and video editing and saw the limitations of Windows for these &quot;High Power&quot; applications, I started looking towards the exceptional memory management of the Mac.My iBook is the most rock solid, reliable computer I have ever worked on.  I've had iMovie2, iTunes, Photoshop Elements running and been wirelessly connected to the Internet downloading MP3's on Limewire without even a hiccup.Another reason for going with the iBook for me was to be able surf the web from anywhere in my house.  I got an Airport Base Station and the Airport Card and can't believe how easy it was to connect it to my Cable Modem and start surfing.  Plug and Play may have been a term coined by Microsoft, but they must have been talking about the Mac.My wife's PC Laptop is even connected through the Airport with just a wireless PCMCIA Card!I'll never buy another Windows PC and plan on replacing my Desktop PC with an iMac as soon as I can.
I'm one of those who switched from a PC to a Mac about six months ago. I took some heat from people at work, and yet they were impressed with the iPod, and when they found that OS X uses Unix.This iBook proved itself over and over again when I traveled from the East Coast , to Hawaii, and back to the Pacific Northwest. The battery life is very good.OS X is simple and reliable.  I've shown my friends in Hawaii and now they are thinking about getting a Mac too.  I have the iBook next to my PC desktop at home and I find that I don't use my PC much at all.I really enjoy iPhoto and iTunes . I hav'nt done much with iMovie yet, but I plan on it. I'm saving up now for an iMac G4.
This Compaq has all the hardware you need plus the speed. You can always add software (Compaq is frugal with the software). Yes, the cd drive gets hot...all the notebooks my friends have do also.Not a problem. Your battery time will vary depending on what your doing. Cd burning sucks the battery down fast...The screen is just fine. It seems that to get the u or s screen you have to $pend alot or trade down in RAM.It is heavy with the battery installed. You get ALL the ports you could need incld.I'm very Happy with my Compaq 900US...you will be too.
I ordered this laptop for college use and it is everything I have hoped it to be. It looks very sleek and doesn't feel too heavy. It runs very smooth; I haven't run into any problems yet. This laptop has a great battery life and runs nice and cool. The features on this thing are awsome! And for all of you who are wondering... the 256 MB of memory is installed in only one of the two SODIMM slots, so it is easily upgradable.
I just bought my Compaq 900US two days ago and it was worth the wait.  I waited months for Compaq to come up with a fast and affordable laptop other than the 700 series notebooks that are limited to 384 megs of RAM and 133 speed.  I am extremely impressed with the performance, battery life, options, and accessories.  The price is perfect too.I compared this to the Compaq 1505US, and found them to only have a couple of things different and saved a couple of hundred with the 900US.  AMD has always kept their promise with their processors and they sold me when I compared the Athlon with the pentium.  AMD is less expensive and I only wish people like myself would break away from the pentium loyalty.  You can't go wrong with this one.  I'm sure this could replace mostly any desktop out there.
My desktop PC was too outdated, so I decided that it was time for a new computer. Since I'm a student and on the brink of going to college next year, I decided that my best bet would be a mobile, notebook. Like most computer users, I sought various sources of opinions before settling on the best one. Why COMPAQ? My old desktop was a HP Pavillion and it included tons of software. However, most were never used and my HP Pavillion was "preset" to a certain look, such as the way in which all the programs under Start up are labeled and grouped. I think Compaqs are less "customized" to a certain look, you know what I mean? Its simplicity allows you to customize it to your taste without having the need to delete excess junk.Well, I considered several Compaq models... the 732US, 725US, and the 900US. I chose the 900US, because there is more GB, considerably faster, and a larger 15" screen. Although it is not that light, the size is alright and absolutely manageable. I'm not going into the specifics, because I believe that has already been said.Overall, I am VERY satisfied with this notebook. It has almost everything I need and the price was economical. Although the software selections weren't great, Microsoft Works 6.0 is adequate for all my lab write-ups, essays, spreadsheets, graphs, tables, and all those extra fun stuff. Besides, this laptop is expandable and upgradable! This is great selection for any home user, college student, and typical office user. I believe it consists of all you need as far as workability is concerned. I believe this notebook will suffice to provide for the typical gamer. Initial setup was a breeze and Windows XP is easy and fun.I am able to transfer images from my desktop, edit images, and more. A serious digital artist may need a better screen though. Nevertheless, IT IS 15" and the 1024X768 is awesome... perfect. The screen is clear, nice, and bright. The sound is great with CD's AND DVD's, but music from the internet, AOL radio specifically, can be sketchy at times... probably due to my internet connection though.  By the way, DVDs play GREAT!This notebook is fast, slick, economical, and it fulfills all that I need in a computer. I'm very satisfied with this purchase. I love using it :)
I have been a Mac user since the eighties, and an Apple IIe / IIc user prior, and I can easily state that this is the best Mac i have ever purchased. (I own approximately 20 between home and business.) All Macs are known for their ease of use and set-up, but the eMac is an absolute dream. A child could set it up (or even your parents!). The screen is huge, crisp, and colorful. The speakers are awesome. I bumped up my RAM prior to ever starting it, so i can't speak for how good OSX functions &quot;out-of-the-box&quot;, but for me it is incredible. I can't recommend this computer highly enough. It seems crash-proof too.
Since the introduction of the original iMac, Mac lovers (and Mac owners do indeed LOVE their Macs) have wished for a compact Mac with a 17&quot; monitor instead of the 15&quot; monitor used on iMacs. Now there is such a Mac, but it's called an eMac and it's terrific. However, if you feel that you must have what virtually all your friends have, don't buy this computer; it takes courage to go against the crowd. But if you've got the courage to go against the crowd and want a better computer that is easy to learn and use and will out-perform and out-last your friends' PCs get this eMac -- or any other Mac for that matter. It's true: MACS ARE BETTER THAN PCs. They're easier to learn, easier to use, and far more reliable than PCs. Yes, Macs cost a little more initially (after all Toyotas and Hondas cost more than Kias) but studies show that PCs can quickly lose their initial savings in maintenance and repair costs. And don't worry about the alleged shortage of Mac software; all of the major pieces of software are available in Mac versions -- which are easier to use than the PC versions. Also, don't be confused by processor speeds; because of its superior design, the Mac's G4 processor works twice as hard as a typical Intel processor and therefore Macs are typically faster than PCs with twice the quoted processor speed. If you've got the courage to buck the crowd and go for quality and performance rather than &quot;what almost everyone else has,&quot; do yourself a favor and get a Mac. There's no better choice for price, speed, and monitor size than this eMac.
My girlfriend purchased an eMac as her first computer and has had a great time learning on it. For the past 5 months it has been rock solid. It has a beautiful screen, much like the 17&quot; monitor that goes with my G4 Cube. We have had no monitor problems like some have reported. DVD playback(if you have it) is very clear and you can rip a CD in about 5 minutes. Spring for the stand, a subwoofer, and more memory if you can. 100% Satisfied.
I have had my unit for several months now with zero problems. I easily upgraded my memoty to 1gb and that was well worth it.  I run photoshop and illustrator as well as indesign for school and have no problems with the machine operating this software. I also purchased a kodak digital camera which works great with i-photo. This was a very positive purchase as well as being my first mac and I will definatly purchase a mac again.
After looking at several Mac options (I've been a heavy Mac user more than 15 years, put up with Windows at work, and continue to marvel at how well Apple keeps plugging along), we chose the eMac. And we have no regrets.At about sixty pounds the eMac is heavy. The fan can be a little noisy but only for perfectionists. Add some extra memory and airport card and you have a great value. I don't see this as anything but fast, but I've not run side-by-side comparisons. The screen is very large (40% more than my original iMac) and quite crisp. We added the eMac easily to our home wireless network.The sexier, flat-screen iMac is much more expensive. Even the salesman who wanted me to buy up could not argue that I could get more value from the iMac, just pay about a lot more. We passed.Jaguar was not available when we purchased the eMac in late July; we received and easily installed Jaguar as soon as it became available. We received a free printer (cartridges make these "free" printers pretty poor freebies). And we installed the OS X Office suite upgrade. Although some Mac games crashed on my kids on my original iMac without explanation, they work fine on the eMac. And our three-year old can manage to install, launch and play them.This is an affordable, reliable, solid, easy-to-use, work horse machine for a family.
It was not a long time ago that a laptop was considered more of a luxury than of an essence and having a laptop was considered a sign of prestige.Yet for an average user, the desktop was a better choice, since it was cheaper, faster with larger screen, more flexible and of course came with more standard functions comparing to a laptop.However, in a recent few years the price of laptops has became more and more affordable with better selection, speed and options available to a consumer looking to purchase a laptop.In consideration of the above said, the following review examines one of such models, Toshiba Satellite 5105-S501.Toshiba has always been known to produce a high quality equipment and their laptops, of course are of no exception either.The Satellite 5105-S501 is one of their entry line laptops, however there is nothing on this unit that can be considered an entry line. The Satellite 5105-S501 is powered by a P4 1700 MHz mobile class CPU, 512 MB PC400 RIMM memory (expandable to a 1 GB of memory), 40Gb 5400 Hard drive, 15.1"Active Matrix LCD (TFT) and up to 32MB of external (not shared video memory) DDR 220 MHz video memory through the Nvidia GeForce4 440 Go video card.The barebone specifications of this caliber are capable of performing a most challenging job and the 15.1' screen is comfortable to look at and work with. Yet, the added value of this system goes even further.The unit comes equipped as a standard option with DVD/CDRW combo, 16 bit (Yamaha YMF753 codec chip) digital audio card with Toshiba's personal theatre UXGA active matrix display capable of resolutions of up to 1280x1024 resolution with the standard RCA TV out port if you want or need to hook up your laptop to a TV or projector.This of course might not be needed when you are working, but the addition of DVD/CDRW paired with decent sound and reasonable video card is surely welcomed when you are finished with work and want to wind down next to a DVD movie or you want to kill some time while on the road by playing your favorite game or listening to your favorite music.Furthermore to the above, the unit is quite loaded with extra options. Both 56K dial up modem as well as 10/100 RJ45 Ethernet card are included as standard options, thus enabling you to quickly network your laptop with the rest of your network or to dial in if you are out on the road where the high speed is not an option as well as with the standard 3 USB ports to connect most of the external devices out there as well as the I-Link IEEE 1394 firewire port.Also for situations where this technology is available to utilize, the unit comes with S400, Infrared as well with IrDA Wireless Fast Infrared (IrDA-FIR) as a standard option.As far as quality of workmanship is concerned, as always was the case, the Toshiba products are built tough with great care and attention to detail. The Satellite 5105-S501 of course if of no exception to this rule.The unit looks great and performs even greater. Powered by Microsoft's Windows XP home (comes pre-installed) and a full sized 85 key, 12 functions, 2.7 keystroke, 6 mm height keyboard with the standard touch pad pointing device, this unit is pleasure to work with.The unit's weight and dimensions are up to par with the rest of the competition as well. The Satellite 5105-S501 weighs 7.13 lbs. without the battery pack and is 1.8" high, 11.6" wide and 12.9" deep. The average battery life at normal load and operation is about 1.5 hours which is once again up to par with the competition. However, if you are going to spend the extended time on the road and you will be using your computer frequently, to invest extra money in a spare battery pack that should extend the time you can use your laptop without recharging or hooking it up to a permanent power source.However, if there is ever any questions that need to be answered, Toshiba's trained technical support line is always there to answer your questions. I have found this unit to be performing great and working even greater, and if you ever decide to purchase one of them, you too will be amazed by great performance and great looks....And once again, thank you for reading another one of my reviews. I hope you have enjoyed reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it.
After we returned a defective unit to Dell we decided to give the Toshiba a look.  The unit is beautifully equipped; the screen is gorgeous and the keyboard is very comfortable to type on.The features (Nvidia graphics, DVD/CDRW, 512Ram)are second to none and the computer is well laid out.Only complaints (small ones)1) Runs a little hot2) The plastic covers over the ethernet/modem jacks are flimsy3) A little big (but not too heavy).Great price!!
...it has all the options of a desktop but only in a convenient notebook for a great price.
I purchased this computer in July as a replacement for my elderly Sony Vaio.  I initially looked at the Sony laptops, but was not pleased with them; they were not as high quality as the one I previously owned.  Then, I looked at the Toshiba notebooks...I have been happy with mine ever since.  It is a powerful beast with an appitite for work.  I've thrown every kind of application at it, many of wich would make some desktop computers bog down, but this soldier grits through it!  DVD's are great on it.  The only two minor problems with it are that the remote (cd/dvd/mp3 functions)will only work with the Toshiba Media Player and not any other (Windows media, etc.), and the other problem is that linking the computer to a TV (for DVDs) may give you issues (apparently you can't have the display and the TV receive a picture at the same time off the DVD player).  Also, it can be a pain to have only USB ports, and no printer port (not a problem if you have a newer printer or don't plan on using a xerox Phaser with serial and network functions only!)...can be cured with an adapter.  All around great machine!!!
The best laptop I have ever had. Never ever had a problem. I would buy it again, and again, and again...
... this laptop is easily the most valuable notebook right now.  The large, high definition screen, stereo speakers with subwoofer and, most of all, Nvidia video card are what sold me.  There aren't many laptop (yet) that carries Nvidia video card and this Toshiba is the most attractive of them all.  The top cover is a little thin so take extra care.  This notebook gets "hot" really fast and battery life is short.  I doubt anyone can push it pass 1 1/2 hour.  But I mostly have it plug into the wall outlet so it isn't a problem for me.  Plays Counter Strike and Medal of Honor well.  Guess what is the ultimate compliments I have heard about this notebook?  I am the only duo-platform user (PC & Mac) amongst my friends and my Mac friends are all gushing about this notebooks on its style, performance and, most of all, price.  They all think this is a $2500+ machine. If you are looking for value, this is it.  I do recommend buying extended warranty on this notebook though.  The way how "hot" it runs, I think it will be a good idea few years down the line.
I recently purchased this incredible machine.  I bought it kind of on a whim not, I was trying to make my old compaq 1200 last a bit longer but I gave in.  I was fortunate to find the 5105-S501 on sale @ ciruit city ... I could not believe my eyes since I had always seen it priced ...  The sound is amazing, it is quick with moving from one application to another, and the graphics are insane.  I would highly reccomend this product to anyone looking to join the mobile revolution.  I would also suggest buying an extra battery if you are truly mobile.  I would say that the battery life and the fact that it tends to heat up are the only downfalls, well next to everyone wanting to get their hands on my machine.  Toshiba seems to have created the "total package" with this model.  Do yourself a favor, if you are looking and wanting to spend a bit less, spring for the 5105 it is completely worth it.  I guarantee you will regret passing this machine up.
This laptop does everything!!! You can watch Dvd's, Burn Cd's And listen to music!! With so much ram and a large harddrive my daughter can put all her games on this machine too!!! The volume is LOUD! I've had to put it on the lowest setting!! The picture is as good as my TV! My only problem is my smart media card slot doesn't work, but after an hour on the phone, Toshiba told me where I could go to get it fixed !! I have only had my 5105-s501 for 3 days, but I could never do without it again!!!
This is simply an awesome machine!  Battery life is not so good but it's a small concern if you looking for a portable desktop replacement PC.  It even has a remote control!  Highly recommended!
This full-featured notebook is excellent.  I have now had the machine for four months, and love every bit of it.  My last computers were Dells, and as IT manager, I used to spec Dells for our offices, but when I decided to give up my desktop for something a little more portable, SONY fit the bill.  The GRX580 has a fast 1.7 P4 processor, the RAM is maxed out for you at 512, fast enough to keep several of the most demanding programs open simultaneously.  Sony has this cooling system down to a science, the bottom of the machine is slightly warm to the touch, and I've had the notebook on for 24 hours straight with no overheating issues (unlike the IBM Thinkpad).  CD burner is awesome and fast for a notebook, DVD is neat though I never have time to use it, and this screen - WOW! get a load of this 1200x1600 resolution 16.1 inch screen (it's comparable to the 17&quot; CRT monitors).On the downside, this thing weighs a ton!  I know that the performance and the large screen requires additional weight, and this is unavoidable.  One thing I really wish Sony provided here was at least one USB 2.0 port, we get three USB 1.1 ports, but with all these new peripherals, 2.0 is norm.
A quick $100 replacement for the hinge but other than that this baby hums along. It's traveled all over and had multiple operating systems on it and still keeps going. Hard drive seems to get a bit noisy lately so I might end up replacing it with something bigger. Get a used one!
Just stumbled on these reviews when I was researching my own for resale.This was (is!) a fantastic little machine!  It was really an early netbook, same size and weight as the current ones (the case from this Sony Vaio fits my new Asus netbook exactly the same).  I travel often, and took this all over with me - saved my bag many a time.  Yeah, I know I'm 8 years too late - but I had to add to the raves.
This computer brought back my faith in computers. After owing a compact Presario that I got only a year and a half use from before its circuit board fired, I was very disheartened by computers. My compact laptop always had one problem or another. It really was a lemon from the day I bought it. This little Vaio laptop  is amazing. It weights 2.76LBs. It is perfect for people like me that like to take their computer to class with them. I have books that weight in more than this machine. I would recommend this computer to anyone who needs to be really mobile, with a fast reliable computer.
Light, fast, reasonable sized "brain" - good looking to boot.  I would never travel with a regular laptop again.
I've owned my Toshiba Satellite 5105-S701 for more than a month now. I use it in my business, bring it home, travel with it and it hasn't let me down yet. Yes, it does get rather warm but not unbearable for 'laptop' use. Keep in mind the power. I've had two occasions to call customer service. I was completely shocked at the way I was treatd. No long hold time, no computer trainees trying to help. Rather I was speaking with a very nice, very professional customr service rep within 30 seconds. They solved my problems without delay. Both times were operator (my) errors. The display is extremely sharp and bright (unmatched), the speed fantastic, the design - beautiful! Thank you Tosiba for producing such a high quality product backed by high quality service.
I'll get right to it. Bought this laptop after spending many weeks doing my homework, came down to this one and these two, the DELL 8200, and the IBM A31P. Read all the reviews here and on other sites, and was somewhat nervous about getting the S701. I made the right decision, what a great machine, looks nice and sounds really sweet. I want put all the specs here, obviously you've seen them by now. This is truly a desktop replacement, it's got all the bells and whistles and the built in wi-fi works like a charm. I've read about the keyboard producing a clicking sound via the speakers, not having that problem. Yes, it does get hot, but remember, it's loaded, but I have yet to see a reboot or shut-down because of the heat it produces as I have also read on some sites. Battery life is about 1 hour 55 minutes that I have seen thus far, it comes witha great power saver app that allows you to make power adjustments to squeeze all you can from the battery. The keyboard doesn't feel flimsy and the keys are responsively quiet. The cpad(like a touchpad with new twist) is outstanding, you can put different apps in it and start them from within, and you can also change the background as well, nice touch. You can also min and max programs, open the start menu and open the file menu also from the cpad. The remote control is also nice, from the volume to the cd player, it functions well. The sound the speakers produce combined with the lil woofer is awesome for a laptop, can't complain there. Have never used Lotus before, but starting to be a fan, especially since it has opened every type of MSOFFICE file I have tried thus far. If you're looking for quality and quantity all wrapped into one machine, this is it. I bought this S701 through J&R, an Amazon shop as well, you'll find a nice price when you go there. The toughest part of owning the S701 so far has been finding a nice case that will hold this massive 15 inch screen in, finally did at DirectCase. The display looks really good, I'm using it at 1600x1200 and there is no problem, text looks sharp, clear, and very readable, even from the sides. Go to the Toshiba site and look at the specs in detail, download the pdf sheet, it's a really nice (loaded) machine. There is a light on the caps lock key and the built in hot key functions are nice as well. DVDs look really sharp, saw no flickering, but remember, it's got a GEFORCE 440 display card (64), don't expect it to flicker. I'm enjoying it, made a wise buy, now, I'll add this, go get one....CIAO
Incredible! When I decide to change my desktop to a laptop I never thought I would get this performance.Although it gets a little hot sometimes I will not reduce stars because of it. Huge amount of Ram and HD allows me to run three or four heavy programs smoothly. The remote control, that I thought would be useless, has helped me throughout my lectures and seminars. DVD is great, at last a notebook gave graphics what they need: POWER. I gotta say that once in a while when I take a brake to play my favorities 3D-Games,guess what, I can finally do this in my laptop! What a great feature.It is a little bit heavy so, if you really need to carry it around everyday to everywhere, unfortunally you may choose another one... or giving second thoughts... it is still worth the effort.If you want to buy a high performance and reliable laptop, go for it! and enjoy! :-)
Despite the model being discontinued by Toshiba(the 5105 series was out during early half of 2002), you can still get this through many retailers. Bought this to compliment my aging desktop(a four year old Dell P2-450Mhz) and laptop(another four year old Fujitsu C-series, Pentium Celeron 400Mhz). After a week of use, I can say that this is a great machine at great price.Check: An UXGA, 15 inch 1600*1200 screen and 512MB of SDRAM, 4200rpm 60GB HDD(formatted: 55GB), along with three USB ports and a FIREWIRE port(!), Nvidia Go videocard with 64MB RAM(!!), WiFi card is already included and comes with a CD-RW/DVD player, has SD card/Smartmedia card slot and an attachable 3.5 FDD. Golly, compare this spec with any DELL/IBM/SONY and you must pay a few hundred dollars more. In addition, this machine can be upgraded to 1GB in terms of memory...not that you can utilize the current memory cards, which consists of two 256MB RAM.On the down side, it does not have a printer port but with any USB printer, you can use it with ease. I did recognize the screen sometimes blurring due to extreme resolution(you don't get to see resolutions of 1600*1200 in any LCDs that easily: even the 19 inch LCDs are mostly of 1280*1024 resolutions). Also, the screen fonts are too small BUT you can adjust that easily(unlike some people complaining here about that without checking their manuals etc). The HK speakers and subwoofers are nice but sometimes you hear this twitching noise from the speakers, which I have yet to check out. The machine also gets pretty hot on the bottom but also on the front left side. Also, the battery life is short(1.8 hours?) and it is somewhat heavy but not so heavy as, say a DELL 8200 notebook. Also, the mousepad(the C-pad, they call it) is somewhat hard to use at first but it does grow on you with time. However, the C-pad is somewhat tiresome to use for the long term use, so DO GET some mouse(USB).In terms of performance, I had my two year old MaxPayne game run at the full resolution of 1600*1200 and it runs fine(and never noticed such details before!). Also, with WiFi, the internet is very fast and reception is pretty good. These proved how fast the machine is, and it runs pretty well.To modify some of the downsides, I'd recommend getting a Toshiba fan software that lets you turn on the fans from websites, get a Targus Coolpad for more natural convection for cooling the bottom part of the machine(the Coolpad also swivels!), and get a wireless mouse(Targus also sells two of these models, both of which are rechargeable and use USB ports). Last, get a big enough bag for carriage but strongly recommend that you get a lightweight fibre bag(i.e. any Targus Urban series bag will do), not a heavy leather ones(that can weigh as much as 5 pounds) for the machine is about 7 pounds heavy. If you still have some dough after these purchases, I recommend that you also get additional battery, which is about one hundred and twenty dollars from Toshiba website.Overall, a strong performance machine at a bargain price that can do a lot of things and more. Am satisfied that I got this over DELLs, IBMs and Apple notebooks that costs way too much for the same specs.
This is a powerful machine.  It has everything needed for the most challenging business tasks, including multimedia presentations.  It also provides great performance for entertainment during long trips. I've had it for about two months, and so far I'm very pleased. Not for those seeking a lite portable though.
I shopped around for 6 months for the perfect desktop replacements, and settled for the 1955-S801. If you think of it as a "luggable" with a huge "readable" screen then you won't be disappointed. I've owned four laptops - from the svelte Portege to the Thinkpad series, and must say this notebook gives you the most bang for the buck. Although ....does not promote this series as their multimedia notebook, it really is their most capable of all. The huge, beautiful 16" LCD screen is this notebooks most clearly defining characteristic. It is bright, and has plenty of contrast - right up there with my T22 IBM Thinkpad's 14.1" monitor. The image is consistent from edge to edge with very little shimmering (like a satin sheet). I didn't notice any more heat coming from this laptop than my IBM Thinkpad which has a P3 1.2Ghz mobile CPU, However, the fan is louder, but that's it. At ($$$) this notebook is a five star, any higher and it's a four star b/c ....really needs to address some of the most commons concerns - like the impossible to find eject button.The GoodHuge "readable" 16" LCD (1280x1024) - The Best!1GB RAM Capable (I installed Kingston Value memory)P4 2.2Ghz "Desktop" CPU (yes, desktop - this is a desktop replacement)The Bad* Hard-to-find CD-ROM eject button (you will have to look for it)* Loud fan which kicks on and off* WiFi "Ready" which means it has a built-in antennae, but you need to buy an impossible-to-find ($$$) mini-PCI card option to work. Good luck finding it or get the latest 1955-S803 notebook. I'm using a Cisco 350 Aironet PCMCIA card which works flawlessly.* Keyboard layout not as nice as it could be - especially considering the real estate that the engineers had to work with e.g. short space bar which is hard to reach with your left thumb. I would rather have had a larger, better layed-out keyboard then have it be wireless.
I love my Toshiba Satellite.  It was up and running out of the box without a glitch in any way.  The keyboard has the nicesttouch response I've ever experienced, although I must point out a major design flaw on the part of Toshiba: the one and only way to power the computer comes by way of a button of the detachable wireless keyboard.  So if something happens to your keyboard, you are not going to be able to plug in an external keyboard and operate this unit.  Bad planning by the product engineers, I would say.  Another minor ergonomic quibble relates to the Disc drive drawer, whose button is practically impossible to locateby touch alone.  (The &quot;open&quot; button is recessed to the point where it is practically flush with the drawer.) I've learned touse the &quot;eject&quot; button on my Windows Media Player rather thanhunt for the hidden &quot;eject&quot; button on the drawer itself!)  Also,the floppy slot is rather awkward in shape.  I don't have muchneed for that format, but would be unhappy if I did.  Other thanthose things, I recommend the unit heartily.  The heat and noiseis far less severe than my previous laptop units by Compaq, IBM, and WinBook.  The huge bright screen makes watching DVDs a joy.And the navy blue and black style is more attractive than photos would indicate.
The machine works well.  Fast, quite processor.  Keyboard has a good feel.  Slim docking bay is a key item.  Sound qaulity is excellent and screen is bright.  My main complaint is with the customer service which is not very familiar with their products.
It's just a PCI card so there's really not much to say.  I use it with my HR314 router, both work great together.  The turbo mode works really well and it was a breeze to install.I've tried the cheaper alternatives out there and they [are bad]...save yourself the headache and get the best, get Netgear!
Is great, with her I can my own dvd's on house!
This is so far the best video capture tool I ever used. The hardware is easy to use. The software is user friendly. It supports DVD resolution capturing, a feature now available in most other video capture cards. It also solves the even/odd fields effect pretty well. It allows you to skip ads when watching your favorite programs. Speed is great.cons: The box doesn't look cute. Capture can only be done using softwares by Pinnacle (because this device doesn't have a wdm driver and cannot be recognized as a video capture device by other softwares). High system requirement. Don't try it on a Pentium III 500MHz machine.
I bought this product and im amazed...if your into gaming and video editing this card is for you. Im 14 and i do graphics. With a 16mb video card it was so hard to do anything. Also i do a good deal of gaming,so imagine how hard it was for me.When i got this i set it up in a matter of 5 min or so. The Tv out feature works great because now i have a second moniter to do whatever i want.If your an all around gamer,praphic artist,and you just want a great card,i suggest you get this.
questionable customer service.  I have nothing negative to say about the performance and capabilities of this card, as you can find out with numerous in-depth reviews on the web.  However, the ATI customer service only offers a &quot;complimentary&quot; 3-month service support, after that, you get to call a 900 number for tech support, or you can file an on-line inquiry, which just gets you a standard response of pointing to the FAQ on their web site.  So, after 3 months, if you have anything urgent, better be ready to jack up that phone bill of yours.
Plain and simple.  If you want a great card for a reasonable price, this card is for you.  I was pleasantly suprised at the quality, even on an LCD monitor.  The bundled software is great, and you will never experience better gaming!  Keep in mind, that the ATI TV will only work if you have a TV Tuner.  (Many other high end graphics cards have a tuner built in).  In my case, I just liked the idea of finally getting a "128MB" card in my system.  Certainly an upgrade from my TNT Model 64 (32 MB)  Great card, excellent price!
As I sit here typing on my ZE5170, which is powered by the Windows 7 Beta by the way, I have to smile at those really bad reviews for this laptop. This thing has been through hell these past 7 years with me and a friend's family. Yeah, the original hard drive crashed but the replacement is twice as big and almost twice as fast. And the cooling fan was replaced in 2005. But this thing makes a great 2nd computer for the kitchen or bedroom, or to loan out to friends in need of help.This thing has outlasted several of my cars, my wife and all sorts of other tech goodies.Just had to chime in!  :-)*************************************Yep. It's still up and running. Except now it has Windows 7 installed.  I stuck a flash drive with an 8GB card in a USB slot and the readyboost speed up makes the rig actually relatively fast and amazingly stable.Nice to have the back up laptop still.
i got this notebook in novenber and proud to say.... THIS IS AN AWESOME NOTEBOOK!!!!!!  i have many reasons for loving this computer so much.  reason 1:  fast.  if u r lookin for a fast notebook, this is a good option. reason 2:  it has everything.  this laptop has everything from dvd players to word prossing.  this was a great buy for me because i love to do film work and make movies.  this notebook is good for that because it has alot of movie editors.  for thoughs of u that are concerned about battery life, dont be.  this notebook has a solid 2.5 hours.  if u need more, like i do, all u have to do is buy another battery.  or, if u want for 5 more hours, then get the nCharge battery.  it gives u 5 hours and it is only 1 pound.  it is another great buy for only 200 dollers.  as a 13 year old kid, u may be reading this review thinkin im just sayin this stuff to throw people off.  well if that is what u  r thinkin then u r wrong.  this is an amazing notebook.  with only 1 tiny flaw.  it is a tid bit heavy.  just a mere 6 pounds.  that doesnt matter for me cause i dont care about weight.  the man who inspired me to get this laptop was the man at best buy.  he said that truly, this is the best one there.  but even though that was a year ago, it is still amazing.  if u get anything out of this review, take this one thing....... THIS IS AN AMAZING NOTEBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so glad to be the first to review this emachines model.I came here looking for reviews on this model but none were here so I asked around, friends, chat rooms, etc...and finally made my decision. So now I'm giving you all the first review :))I just purchased this computer. All I can say is that this PC rocks! It's a very fast system.Before purchasing I was in the whole dilemma about whether one should get an emachines computer or not. So many people kept trying to deter me saying that a PC this cheap with those specs had to be [junk]. Due to comments, I was about to spend something like $400 more bucks just to get a Sony that even had a little less to offer. I took a big "guuulp" and went for it and bought this emachines model and I have never been happier.Im pretty critical of PCs and I need a fast computer because of all the multi-tasking I do especially with graphics software. This model is very fast.It shuts down and also loads windows really really quickly. Remember its an Athlon XP 2000 with 512 MB DDRAM (also with good room for expansion). It has a good DVD ROM drive and decent CDRW drive. The DVD I tried on it played very nicely. The graphics card is very good, but there is an AGP slot to upgrade for hardcore gamers (not me. Xbox does me fine! ;)To get to the point, this model is the truth. It isnt [junk] because of the price!! I'm telling you it's just simply a good deal...nothing more to it. I wouldnt be surprised if Emachines computer prices go up after this model has gone and receives all the great feedback.To the *minor* details:The speakers aren't the greatest. If you will be jamming audio in the house on your PC I would invest in a set of speakers.The keyboard is a regular keyboard and the mouse is a regular mouse. (Some reviews said that this was a con, that the keyboard is plain with no shortcut buttons). This is true, but for me I couldn't understand how this could ever be an issue or even be considered much when purchasing a PC. I'm using the keyboard and will be using it. I already had an intell MM mouse so I installed it a couple of days later, but would have been happy using the mouse that the PC came with (it worked very well the first few days i used the PC). Many brand name models also come with plain keyboards and mouse.For beginners, the Emachines support will be more than enough. They have good phone support (answer pretty quickly) and they also provide a live chat support at their site. Each representative give you his or her name and ID. For those who know about PC's, you will know that the PC is good and will not need the emachines support much.Don't be turned off because of peoples' ignorance. Even computer store clerks will try to steer you away from buying an emachines. I really dont know why this is so. I think its that they dont get much commission. Im telling you ASK them why they dont like the Emachines model with all these powerful specs and they will not know what to say. I got the same comment from two computer store clerks of two different stores "it's returned more often, that's all i can tell you." This may have been so with older emachines model but not this one. (do a search at google on emachines past and new company & management changes)You will not find a deal like this from Dell, Compaq or any of the others. The only way you can beat the deal is if you are one who builds your own computer (even then, its pretty close).Get yourself this PC and a nice monitor and you'll be set!!!
I disagree w/ the other person that says this laptop is expensive, for what they are asking this is the best value out there. I had this Thinkpad T23 for almost 2 years now, and I purchased refurbished. I NEVER had any problems w/ it. We carry ours all over the House, every where we travel, etc. and still works like the first day we got it. I added memory (512 MB) and recently added a Wireless card (cost $20) since we just got DSL and it works better and faster than our PC. I highly recommed this Laptop to any body that needs a heavy duty Laptop, it is also lighter than other laptops.
Just bought it at the start of this semester and it is a great laptop. Very portable, I take it to school every day, and very powerful. It can run a lot of internet explorer, outlook, word, and excel windows at the same time as is out of the box. Very impressive, other computers usually become agonizingly slow with so many office applications running. One thing about this computer, the integrated scroll on the mouse pad is the greatest addition to a laptop ever. Once you use the scroll on this pad, you'll never want to go back to other laptops. my girlfriend got accustomed to it and now hates her Dell for not having it.
I just purchased this HP Pavilion ze 1210 about a week ago, and everything is going great. This model is nice when you compare it with other brands such as Compaq, Dell, Gateway, ete. Also, I upgraded the memory to 512MB and that makes a great difference. I am satisfied with its speed, when I am running multiple programs and the LCD is clear when you watch DVD or playing Games. If you are looking for a portable laptop, this is the one of your best choices.
My first computer was a MacPlus back in the 80s...But, like so many, I was converted to the Windows world.  However, after seeing this computer and playing with the wonderful Jaguar OS, I was immediately sold.The operating system is so far superior to Windows XP it is almost comical.  Why Apple has been unable to sell this to the masses is difficult for me to understand.  The 17" iMac is, of course, gorgeous to behold.  The display is phenomenal and the bundled software is terrific.  Burning a DVD, which was about as easy as brain surgery on my Windows XP machine, is a piece of cake!My major concern was the ability to "make the switch."  Well, when the iMac arrived, I simply plugged it into my home network router and the iMac immediately recognized my two XP machines and file transfer was done in less than an hour!!  It was easier to network my Mac to the XP machine than it was to get the two XP machines to talk to each other!...This is simply the best home computing experience you can have, particularly in terms of ease of use with digital cameras, music, digital camcorders.I have yet to experience a system crash.....wow!
Awesome product!  I own a desktop and laptop(Win xp) in a wireless network.  I recently purchased an iMac with 17&quot;FP/1.25 GHz/1 GB RAM/160 GB HDD/DVD-RW/CD-RW drive/Bluetooth/Extreme wireless card.  It took less than 10 minutes to set it up and have it connected to my wireless network.  iMac detected the wireless connection in a second!  What an awesome computer! What a great product!  Thanks, Apple!
Owning a PC was no fun, it was just for needs. But owning a Mac, and especially the 17" Flatscreen iMac, is fun. I find myself too often starting the machine only because it is so nice to work with, also if I have really nothing to work. Then I surf around a bit, or watching DVDs, things I never had done with a PC, also because I have a 29" TV with DVD Surround Home Cinema. And of course the Speakers of the Home Cinema are more powerful then the iMac Speakers, but every time I watch DVDs with the iMac, I can not belief how good this two speakers are, compared with their Size.I know many Computer systems, and no one is perfect. The Mac OS X also is not a perfect operating system, but it is by far the best system that exists. There is really no reason why people still are using Windows.
Of all the Macs I've owned, this is my absolute favorite.If you're a designer or art director, you won't be disappointed in this machine. It's fast, and has very high resolution (remember the old 832x days?) OS X 10.2 works like a dream. What do you need all those PCI cards for, anyway? How nice my desktop looks (virtually and in reality)! FireWire for external portable space and DV cameras, USB for just about every device you'll need. Apple truly has a winner here.If you want to get a computer for your familty, this is the one.
I loved the look of the new iMac, but the resolution was limiting - it was no better than my two year old Strawberry  iMac!  But I wanted the DVD drive and faster G4 CPU very badly. But I waited..Then Apple went and read my mind and launched the 17" iMac.  The same cool design, the same Superdrive for making my own DVD movies, but a gorgeous screen. I could only withstand it until I saw it in the store. Then it had to be mine. I can resist everything but temptation.Although I am a professional Windows user, I love Apple design and OS X. I like the appliance-like convenience of iTunes, iPhoto, iMovie and iDVD. And I can even use a free program from Microsoft called RDC to login to the Windows XP PCs on my home network, and display their desktops on the iMac.  I get the best of both worlds - the wonderful Apple design in my living room, connected to a cheap, fast Windows XP box hidden in a cupboard.In fact as the iMac 17" screen is so wonderful, it has replaced all the other monitors in my house - I control my PCs from the iMac, and use the iMac as my hi-fi, my DVD player and all the other digital hub stuff that Apple have done so well. The networking features in Jaguar (the latest OSX release) make sharing files very easy, and the Apple Airport card works perfectly with my home wireless LAN.Paying the extra above the top-of-the-range 15" model for the 17" display is money well spent. You'll love this computer. I know I do. Now I'm off to finish making another movie, using Microsoft Office, listen to some tunes, and love every minute of it on the best designed computer available.
Apple gets a bad rap for having "pricey" computers, but I've never found them to be such. Just look at what this baby comes with:256 MB RAM.The wonderful G4 processor, at 800 MHz, which is deceptively fast.80 GB Ultra ATA Hard DriveThe SuperDrive which lets me burn CDs and DVDs.A crystal clear 17" flat panel display. Flat panel monitors run into the HUNDREDS of dollars by themselves (...).10/100 Base-T ethernet port.TWO FireWire PortsFIVE USB ports (three on the console, two on the keyboard)NVIDIA GForce 4 MX Graphics cardApple Pro Optical MouseApple Pro speakers, and they are outstanding.Built-in MicrophoneBuilt in Airport antenna, for wireless networking.Mac OS 9 and the luscious, UNIX-based Jaguar (OS X 10.2)AppleWorks, a convenient suite of Office-type apps. Their database app is one of the easiest and friendliest around. I store lists of books, CDs and other such things with it.ExplorerQuickenThe amazing iApps: iChat, iMovie, iPhoto, iDVD and iTunes, all of which make computing so easy and fun in the digital age.And still more apps--too many to list here.To buy a quality PC with all of these things would cost about the same, if not more. The ports alone make this a good investment. Best of all, I know all the things in this computer will work together. That's what having a Mac is all about.As always, Apple doesn't do anything on the cheap, not even with their "everyman" computers, like the iMac. Everything here is top of the line, and it all works beautifully. The most taxing thing about setting up the computer was getting it out of the box (the design makes it more fragile than most computers). Once I had that done, I had it up and running in about 15 minutes--and some of that time was spent upgrading to Jaguar. Connecting to my husband's Powerbook through our DSL router was as easy as clicking on Connect to Server, then clicking on his computer in the listbox.  Jaguar even recognized my son's PC, and I was yanking mp3s off there, very fast.The computer itself is very quiet, although the SuperDrive can get rather noisy at times. But the hard drive? Barely a peep out of it. The display is crisp and clean. The screen really does move with the touch of one finger--smoothly, effortlessly. The G4 processor screams through apps. Burning mp3s and CDs has never been easier, thanks to iTunes. Downloading mp3s and audio books to my iPod is a dream--and speedy indeed over the FireWire connection. I made a DVD the other day of just some clips that I'd collected over the years, and it was disgustingly easy with iDVD. I connected my new Olympus digital camera through the USB port; iPhoto popped right up and filled up the screen with thumbnails of my digital images--with only one click asking if I wanted iPhoto to always do that. Everything just WORKS with this computer, seamlessly, flawlessly, which has been the most refreshing thing about switching to Apple.But let's face it: Besides the fact that it's a Macintosh, which means a user-friendly computer with quality hardware, the real reason anyone buys this new iMac is because its design is flat-out cool. It is so beautiful that, even weeks after receiving it, I'll just sit there staring at it, still amazed that THIS is a computer. Having my computer's circuitry nestled under a dome rather than entombed in yet another rectangular box is a delight. A round computer case! Who but Apple would have thought of it? Everybody will copy this idea (Gateway[snort!] has already tried), but, as usual, no one will come close to matching the sheer ingenuity of what Apple has done. Don't be fooled by wannabes. This is the real thing, and it's worth every penny you'll spend on it--and then some.
I got my 17" flat panel iMac for christmas. It works great! I have had no compatability problems what-so-ever and it has never crashed! Even under the intense rendering I put it through for digital filmaking it still holds up great with memory and hard-drive to spare! The guys at Apple Care have been great and have helped me with every question I have had!!! Apple has defenetaly lived up to its name!
This is my 2nd flat panel iMac.  I first bought the 15&quot; model when it came out about a year ago.  I was so pleased with it and so JEALOUS when I saw the 17&quot; model come out that I sold the 15&quot; and bought the 17&quot;.  This computer is fantastic for doing just about anything:  surfing the net, Photoshop work (the huge screen is GREAT for laying out all of your tools while still leaving plenty of room for your image), burning CDs/DVDs, etc.  I couldn't be happier with it.  It makes a small footprint on my desk, it is fast, so quiet (you can hardly hear the fan), and as a bonus is so sleek looking.I've read several negative comments on this computer saying how its bad because its &quot;not expandable,&quot; I guess because this computer doesn't have extra drive bays or expansion slots.  Who cares?!  What else would you possibly want to add to this computer?  It comes with a HUGE hard drive, a CD drive that can burn CDs and DVDs, good sound, ethernet (100mbps or the optional Airport card), etc.  And even if you did run out of hard drive space or found the need for another type of disk drive, you've got three USB ports and two very fast Firewire ports.For any potential first-time Mac users that may be reading this, listen up!  I used to be strictly a Windows user until I finally wised up and bought a Mac.  Don't be deceived by what some people may tell you.  A Mac can do everything a Windows computer does, just without all of the operating system crashes.  Software installs without a hitch, as does hardware.  With Mac OS X, a lot of hardware is plug and play, no extra drivers needed.  Believe me, you'll like it!  Just buy one!
I was a Windows platform guy for a million years (or so it seemed), using a Gateway since their cow was a calf. After my final battle with the arrogant service rep in Cow Country, I decided I would retaliate by going Mac. After nearly 2G, I was staring into the glow of a flat screen marvel...and I'll never look back. This computer is the best THING I have ever purchased. Every dream of building a digital hub in my livingroom have been realized - internet (without the crashes, no less), digital photography, video editing (no one wanted to watch a 3.4 hour raw version of our trip West, so six 5-minute vignettes were crafted), music, basic home office...what I don't understand is why Apple is #2?I cannot change the world with this honest review...but if you're on the fence I'm hoping I can push a little.  This computer is a standard for the present, and a blueprint for the future. I see the past when I look out my Window...
If you're shopping for a mid-range computer, go no further. First, though, I recommend seeing the 17-incher in person. The photos are nice, but it's stunning in the flesh ... er... circuitry. The larger screen, in addition for a far greater user experience, makes the machine balanced.And then you turn it on. This computer now ships with Mac OS X.2 (Jaguar), which is hands-down the best operating system out there now. My girlfriend just became a switcher and is stunned at the improved user experience. The processor and graphics card in this model is designed to make the most out of OS X's architecture, and it shows. Drop in a little extra RAM and you'll find it nearly impossible to make this computer stutter (&quot;Maybe if I opened ALL the programs! Muah hah hah hah!&quot;)It's well worth the price to buy this over the 15-inch models. It doesn't sound like a big difference, but it is. LCD screens are brighter and crisper than CRTs (as well as being cool) and will save you eyestrain, but there's just one problem -- you can't go above factory-standard resolutions. With the 15-inchers, you're stuck at 1024x768, which won't be enough in the long run. This model, however, runs at 1440x900, which has about 65 percent more pixels. Yards of desktop space, and watching a 16x9 DVD on these widescreen monitors is, well, overwhelming.
I'm a research scientist who has been using computers since 1958. Although I needed to use computers for my work, I didn't particularly like them. In fact, sometimes I strongly disliked them. And then, several years after Apple introduced the Macintosh, I tried one and fell in love with it. At last there was a computer designed to serve my needs rather than demanding that I cater to it's idiosyncracies as non-Macs do. At work my PC-using colleagues tease me for using a Mac, but I seldom encounter the crashes and other problems which they seem to accept as routine. Stated quite simply, MACS ARE BETTER THAN PCs. They're easier to use and more reliable. Also Macs are much faster than their MHz ratings imply because Mac processors do more operations per cycle than PC processors do. This particular iMac is a terrific buy. It is very reasonably priced, very easy to set up and use, and will do everything most people want a computer to do. If you want a larger screen and even more computing power get the M8812LL/A iMac. It is awesome. But most people should be very happy with this bargain model. As one who has decades of experience with computers, and uses Macs both at work and at home, I highly recommend it -- and, indeed, all Macs.
Don't let the pc troll scare you off - he writes the same nonsense about every Mac, but has probably never used one. I use one, and in spite of its modest specs, this computer hasn't failed me yet. I can play games like Jedi Knight 2 and Return to Castle Wolfenstein wothout problem. OS X is awesome, rock solid, beautiful, and the i-apps are also intuitive, easy and fun to use. Just ask my 11 year old son who has been making movies in imovie 2. Extra ram would be a good idea, but it's cheap and easy to install yourself. These probably won't be around much longer, so grab one while you can, especially at this price.
I bought this item in 2010 for 60 bucks because Tiger wouldn't update past 10.4.6, and so I got it for a song, along with a really useful Graphite iMac and I sit there and use Mac OS 9.0.4 and 9.2.2 on it, because Tiger is just about as bad as Mac OS 9 or even 8.6 when it comes to the Internet. I use the Cube for an introduction to programming through HyperCard, as well as a secondary printing machine.I don't like how easily the plastic cracks, but then again the Cube's exterior hasn't been treated perfectly. It has been upgraded to 256 MB RAM and a 40 GB hard disk as well as had a fan and a blue light put into it, but since it has the same 450 MHz CPU it originally shipped with, it can run Mac OS 9 and it is the backup G4 Mac to my Quicksilver.I appeciated the review that said the stock sound system is distinctly suboptimal, because that will save me money. I can buy a different sound system and be quite happy.The DVD-ROM matches the CD-RW in the Graphite iMac to make a harmonious whole, and I love my Cube.I recommend getting one of these.
I am a proud, happy owner of 2 apple Cubes ... This one as well as a tricked-out model with 1.5 GB of Ram, a 1.5 Ghz G4 processor and a 160 MB hard drive.Regardless of the stats, the cube has to be one of the most amazing pieces of industrial design ever created ... and it is a Mac (of course) to boot!I haven't had any trouble with either of my Cubes ... and I would suggest that everyone gets one before they become real-collectable items!
In 2000 I decided to finally break down and get a computer. Everyone said get a Dell, get a Dell so I got a dell. I got it in the mail, set it up, and crash. Called help. Reinstalled software. Ok for a few days then crash. Anyway, after three weeks of this I returned the Dell and bought a G4 Cube. I love my Cube. All I have ever had to do is add memory and a bigger HD. Runs Panther like a charm. It's so QUIET. And it's purty. I think so! (although the mini has been catching my eye) This really has been a very stable, reliable computer. Even with the original processor I am able to do pretty much everything I want to (photo's, music). It's kinda like driving a neat old sportscar.
My only complaint about the cube is that Apple stopped making them.I love that it is small, and silent, the way a computer should be.
The Cube on my desk has outlasted two monitors, seen thearrival of wireless technology, linked itself with (and outlived)two laptops, three digital cameras and three scanners.It has been repaired once for less than $100. and the RAMupgraded.I realize that there is no longer much of a market forthese remarkable machines, but I'm writing this review simplyto get the chance to acknowledge a job very well done.Do you know of any other computers that get love letters intheir old age?--Lynn Hoffman, author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE  andthe forthcoming novel bang BANG from Kunati Books.ISBN 9781601640005
The Apple Cube is without a doubt the most beautiful computer ever made. As soon as I saw it in 2001 I knew I had to have one. Apple had already stopped production so I found one on eBay for 2000 bucks. I have never regretted it. I maxxed out the RAM to 2 Gig as soon as I got it. Since then I have put in a much larger hardrive and a superdrive CD/DVD burner with good results. It is running  the latest OS X, Panther and I plan to put Tiger on as soon as it is out. It is dead silent as it has no fan. I have it up on some nice teak wood blocks to improve the convection cooling though it had never run hot it just looks good up there. I run it 24/7 as a iTunes jukebox airported to the rest of the house and whatever else I want to compute as well. Irony that just now 5 years later I am seeing PC cubes coming out, only they are UGLY. I would highly recommend this computer to anyone of taste.
I owned a Toshiba Satellite notebook a couple of years ago before my girlfriend basically took it over.  I replaced it with an HP notebook. BIG MISTAKE.  I went through 3 different HP notebooks because they kept messing... up.  Finally I decided to just exchange it for a Toshiba because i had no problems with my old Satellite.  And I've had no problems.The 1405-S171 has a 1.5-GHz celeron which is fast enough for me, but if you need more speed, buy a Satellite with a pentium 4.  Its 15" active-matrix display is very clear.  Even for your buddy looking over your shoulder at an angle.
I got this wireless keyboard and mouse set a couple of months ago. I had been looking for a set like this...It's sleek but maybe slightly on the bulky side. But this bulk adds to it's durability. Despite the mouse not being optical, the set works excellently. The set also looks excellent! Happy Shopping!
&amp;quot;System Specs, tested on&amp;quot;Windows 2003 EDT.Pentium 2.4This was the most easist product to install and use. Open package, put batteries in both keyboard and mouse, set keyboard and mouse to different channels,plug response box into back of the computer; turn computer on and all is ready to use. Remember to install the software. The computer did the job of finding the keyboard and mouse, i had to do nothing. Both work great! Keyboard is nice, keys are soft. Mouse is nice also! Both work fine in games together, no lag.Great Product A+
At first I was skeptical.  I thought the service would have a great deal of interference and would require me to uninstall and reinstall, a couple of times.  NOT SO!  From the moment I installed, it hasn't stopped.  I love it so much I bought my Dad one.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
THis is a fabulous product!! I was in the market for a new mouse and keyboard and do love good design.  What sold me on the product was the fabulous reviews.  Everyone was right on the money. This is an easy product to install, it is virtually plug and play and contrary to the other review, it NOT having a USB ready port makes it more compatible with old Pentium 1's that are kicking around.  I would recommend this highly to anyone, and I will be purchasing one for my sig. other.
This is an excellent wireless keyboard and mouse. The setup was as simple as can be. The only thing you have to do is make sure the mouse and keyboard operate on different channels.The keys are very responsive. The mouse works perfectly. A good product at a low price.
My wife and I just purchased the Michael Graves wireless keyboard and mouse, and we absolutely love it, the only wire to deal with is the one on the control module for the remote.  I truly don't think I will replace it. Unless I'm buying another one for another computer.
I purchased one of the Michael Graves wireless mouse / keyboard around 1 month ago and ever since it's been working wonderfull!I have the computer hooked up to my 27'' flat screen television, and I need something to where I can stretch out on my couch, instead of sitting on the floor. It's been working great!Before, I purchased a G.E. Wireless keyboard / mouse and I could not go more than 2 feet away from the lazer thing. If I were to rate it I would give it no stars! WASTE OF TIME!
This is an amazing product!  It arrived in excellent condition and has worked very well.  I highly recommend it.
How many pictures will it store?  It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about.  Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The PNY 64MB MMC MultiMedia Flash Memory Card, like most 64MB cards, will store on average 71 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera, 53 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera,  32 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera, 25 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera, and 20 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera.  These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs.
This is one of the best LCDs I have ever seen or used.  The physical build quality and performance are excellent.  One would be hard-pressed to find a faster LCD via an analog input.  The only doubt is longevity... because until I haved owned it for 3-years or so, I really won't know what the durability and stayability (is that a word?) of the backlight and pixels will be.  Also, I would not recommend this monitor for use by a graphics professional who demands absolute color accuracy, as is the case with most LCDs.  But overall the contrast, brightness, color and saturation are very, very good.
I purchased the Gallery 1740 for a PowerMac G4 in late 2002.  It arrived without a single dead pixel and functioned perfectly without a problem for the 4 years that I owned the computer.  Plus, it was $100 cheaper than the comparable Apple display.The extra USB ports (2) are especially useful in desktop Macs - I plugged my keyboard directly into the display - and the brightness and contrast ratio are very easy on the eyes and makes streaming video, playing games, and editing photos a much richer experience.Be cautious of what model you order.  If your computer uses only DVI you will need to order the DVI model or purchase the appropriate adapter.
I recently bought one used from a local Mac Reseller, and I love it! It has a wonderful display, a nice feel, and a fast G4 processor! Although it may not be as fast as a new iMac Intel, it is wonderful!Now the Bad: 2 or so days after using the eMac, the screen started to cave in and shake a lot. I brought it in and now they need to repair something on it. Hopefully It won't happen again!
I am very pleased with my eMac. Everything works just that bit better than my PC. The display is sharp and clear; software just installs and works; I have only managed to crash it once since I bought it two months ago. I wasn't sure about the optical mouse at first but have got used to it.The only minor glitch was that my cheap PC webcam doesn't work with Macs, but proper digital cameras do and  I have absolutely no regrets about buying this computer.
I must say this is a great computer for the price. Do the research, go use one at a store, the choice is clear.And what an elegant user experience.I'm sorry to hear about the other reviewer's monitor problem but this Mac is too good to give a remotely bad rating.
I am graphic designer, with experience on both Mac G4 towers and Windows. At the office, I use Windows XP loaded with all the high-end stuff (Photoshop, FrameMaker, Illustrator, Freehand, Quark, PageMaker, Office...you name it, I'm probably using it). At home, I have a freelance graphics business wherein I design and produce coffee table books; averaging 400+ photos over 300+ pages. At home, I have 3 Macs (an 800MHz G4 dual processor, iBook, and an eMac--all networked via Airport wireless). All similarly loaded (Photoshop, Illustrator, Freehand, Quark, PageMaker, Office.X). I can honestly say that the eMac is the hub of all my frelance activity and home use (the kids run all their games from this machine; Baldur's Gate I &amp; II, Dark Forces, etc.). We're connected to the internet via DSL. This machine has not given me one minute worth of problem. All the applications run more error free than on my G4, or on my Windows machine at the office. And the display on the 17&quot; flat CRT is exquisite. Sorry to hear the others who had difficulties with their machine. My experience with the eMac has been nothing but positive.
This is a fantastic machine for the money. It is fast and efficient and runs beautifully. I don't find the fan to be annoying at all. It can actually be quite soothing while I work and turns off when you put the machine to sleep. I would definitely recommend buying with more memory. I bought mine with 512MB, but be sure to start with at least 256MB.If you want a mac (G4) and are on a budget, this is the machine for you.
All mac fans know that the iMac was a great success. The new eMac doesn't fall short of the iMac reputation. This computer is perfectly designed for schools, has a lot of power, and is overall a great computer. I would say that even people who don't happen to own a school could use this computer as a great resource. If you are looking for a Mac, I would recommend this one.
This little jewel of a computer is really a laptop. It's light weight and built in wireless (2.4 ghz) make it great to use on the go or just around the house with a wireless network. I got the extended battery and get 6-8 hours of use on one charge! Wish DVD/cdrw were built in but it is not. At least it comes witht the unit (Japanese version does not. I shopped a long time before buying this unit. Considered smaller picturebook but hated that little pointer stick. Touch pad works much beteer on the srx99. I also got the 384 Meg Ram version. Wish HD was larger (only 20 Gigs and it is partitioned as ttwo 10 gigs)Two thumbs up from Me.
I bought this in 2002 and it was the smallest "real" laptop computer available.  It still works great for me.  Make no mistake, this is not a "main" computer.  It is a second computer. The 20gb drive is enough for the OS and a few applications.  I basically only have IE and Office XP on it.  It works great.  I travel with it all the time.  The original battery died - probably because I used to leave it plugged in all the time.  I now have two batteries from ebay that work fine ~3 hours each with wifi on.  I almost never use the CD/DVD drive, and am actually happy to leave it at home when I travel.  I used to load DVDs onto the HD to watch on flights.I have been trying to find a replacement, but really don't see anything that meets my needs.  I keep looking at the Samsung Q1 Ultra, but it gets poor reviews.The only thing this is missing, that I wish it had, is a built-in camera for video conferences with my kids when I am traveling.
This notebook is small and light, has built-in wireless with PCMCIA slot to spare, and has a good keyboard.  What more could you want?  The speed is more than adequate.  I have had this for about a month and a half, and I am very pleased with it.  Get an extra charger on ebay, so you can have one at work and one at home.  I am getting about 4.5hrs battery life (thats without the DVD drive).  I did try watching Lord of the Rings and it looked great!  It didn't seem to affect battery life too much.For you Linux nuts, I am dual booting with XP.  Here is what you can expect:  You can install redhat if you have a USB floppy drive [].  The firewire CDROM is not yet recognized by Linux.  Redhat 8.0 works well, but you have to install a newer kernel or patch the 2.4.18 kernel to get the wireless card to work.  The patch is needed to deal with the ACPI IRQ sharing.  Suse Linux wouldn't even install!  The boot floppy loads half way and hangs. hmmm.
This computer is quite functional and relatively reliable.  I've been giving my T30 heavy use for 3 months, and have had very few problems.  I have yet to see the blue screen of death, although once or twice the power has blinked off unexpectedly while I was typing.  On average, I keep about 8-10 windows open at once- -sometimes as many as 16, including Flash, Photoshop, several browser windows, and a few MS Office windows all running under Win2000, and I haven't run into any memory problems or conflicts.  I usually hibernate instead of shutting down, and I only have to restart due to crashes or instability about once a week, which is a lot better than my record with other laptops.  The screen is bright and clear, without any dead pixels.  The battery hasn't shown any significant decrease in length of time between charges during the 3 months that I have used the machine.In general, I find this computer quite comparable in speed and performance to the Dell Latitude that I used last year.  However, I really appreciate the extra memory on this machine since I often exceeded the capacity of the memory on the Dell, and the Dell frequently crashed (3 or more times an hour) when I tried to run Flash and Photoshop simultaneously while writing a 10 Mg file in Word.  Both this computer and the Dell offer both a touch pad and a track point.  With the Dell, I had to disable the touch pad because I kept hitting it while I typed.  However, I haven't had any problems with the touch pad on the T30- -I don't use it, but it doesn't get in the way, so I haven't had to disable it.  The Dell lacked a built in microphone, while the T30 has one.Before trying the T30, I used an IBM ThinkPad 600 for 3 years.  One of the problems with the 600 was that the paint on the metal bezel where your palms rest peeled off within 6 months.  I had to get my bezel replaced several times under warranty, and so did most of the other people that I know who used the machine.  On the T30, the painted metal bezel has been replaced with solid plastic, so there's no peeling problem.  One feature that I miss from the 600 was the ability to plug in the floppy as an external drive- -with the T30 you can only use one drive at a time, either the DVD drive or the floppy, since they can only be installed internally.  Another step backwards is the location of the modem and network connectors.  On the 600, the modem connector was on the side, and a network card could be inserted in the PC slot on the other side.  On the T30, both of these connectors are on the back of the computer, which is a real pain, since you are likely to have to plug and unplug these wires while you work, and that requires either shutting the lid or standing up in order to find the ports.  The position of the built in microphone, on the other hand, is better on the T30, since it is on the bezel just below the keyboard instead of in the hinges- -no more having to shout at the hinges when trying to talk on the Internet! Conveniently, the battery charger on the T30 and 600 seem to be interchangeable.
This computer has been the best yet.  For those who don't like the integrated graphics you might try a PCI graphics card.  I bought a PNY Technologies card with 128 memory in it.  Works wonderful.  I have had this computer for almost 3 years and usually ready to buy a new by this time because they can't handle the newer software.  Not this one.  Just keeps going and never seems to slow down.  If you don't have alot of money to put into a computer, I recommend this one.  I do a little of everything with my computer and this one has done it all without problems.
I just currently purchased the Compaq Presario 6350us from Office Depot and as soon as I plugged it and set it up, I was amazed.  Computers today are advanced, however, this one leaves most of them in the dust.  It's massive 80GB Hard Drive is more than enough to store your businesses, favorite music files (I currently have 100 songs) and games.  It has 512MB of RAM (expandable to 1GB) allows many games on your computer, if you are a hardcore gamer.  Not to mention that its got a 2.4 GHZ speed that is just amazing.  Going online with this speed will make many smile.  The only little problem is that its graphic card is an "Integrated Intel Extreme" and this is only as advanced as the Nvidia GeForce 2, which is very powerful.  It may not be as powerful as the Nvidia GeForce 4, but I played Spider-Man: The Movie without any slowdowns.  The review below stated that when runing games, the system runs slower than a 600Mhz processor.  This is NOT true.  I believe that words coming out of an AMD fanboy cannot be trusted.  That or maybe he/she got a broken computer.  Intel and AMD, in my opinion are equal in strength, except that Intel's clock speed is much faster.  This computer will create many happy faces for the next 6 years.  It's superior design and technology should be accepted by many in need of a computer.  Even a big AMD fanboy such as the one who wrote the review below, should think twice before placing blame on Compaq.  Besides, the "Integrated Intel Extreme Graphics" is not developed by Compaq.  It was indeed developed by Intel.  I recommend this computer to any home PC seekers.  Trust me, you will not regret this purchase for such a low price.
Just what I wanted.  I hadn't owned a notebook before, so I had to do a lot of research.  I didn't want to spend a lot because I know these things get antiquated quickly; they can't be upgraded in very many areas.  Hp is a good name, and they have good support and warranty coverage.  For the money, this notebook had the best features.  The screen size and resolution are excellent, the hard drive is one of the biggest at this time, it has plenty of RAM, and the combo DVD-CDRW is a huge plus.  It arrived well packaged with easy to understand instructions.The only thing I don't like so far is it didn't have a DVD decoder so I could watch movies.  I'm checking with Hp as I write this so it could be this was just an oversight, but double check before you buy.The processor speed is pretty decent considering they tend to be slower in notebooks than desktops.  I prefer the Athlon because in some ways it is actually faster than a P4.  When I did briefly get it to play a movie the display was very clear.  Included software is good, especially the Quicken.  I bought some extra RAM and installation was easy,....For a first timer with notebooks this has been a good experience so far.  Hopefully the glitch with the DVD won't sour the mood.  I was pretty set on buying, but the rebates (one from Hp and one from Amazon) clinched it.  Even after I buy something like this I keep comparing to make sure I came out okay, and without a doubt this notebook is unequaled for the money.  I got what I paid for, plus a little more, which is always a good thing.(...) BSB
I've been very impressed with this system.  It's my first notebook and I'm moving from a K6II-500 desktop w/ Win 98 to this platform with Win XP.  I have found it to be rock solid with respect to system lockups and a breeze to use.  The DVD feature is a nice one and the price was right.  AMD has the best value for microprocessors on the market and I'm sold on their products.  Wouldn't have a system without one!
Optimum combination of quallty and price makes your purchase useful and reliable for your future
I needed a well rounded, powerful, notebook PC that would be as comfortable in our networked environment at our design firm, as it would be in my lap on the weekends. At the office, I easily run applications such as Dreamweaver, Fireworks, QuarkXpress, Adobe Illustrator, CorelDraw, Powerpoint and even Photoshop. After work hours and on weekends, I can send my e-mails, work on our invoices in Quickbooks, or on rare occasions, relax and watch a DVD! This is really a well built notebook. Here are the PROS and CONS in my opinion.PROS- Very good screen size. The thinkpad and DELL users that I have come in contact with (including a former repair technician for DELL) have all been drooling over it.- Large hard drive, lots of memory- Fast processor, quiet hard drive- Cool features, like the touchpad scrollbar, as well as a button that allows you to turn off the touchpad. The blue lights are quite attractive.- The keyboard has a nice solid feel.CONS- Don't let the ALTEC LANSING name fool you - the speakers are nothing to write home about!- No floppy drive. I hardly use them but I was disappointed not to get one in the box (rather it came with a $50 rebate offer on an external floppy drive.- Microsoft XP Home - not a great idea if you are using the notebook at the office to administer or connect to network resources like a server. Everytime I connect to a network share, I have to enter a password - there is no option to save the password. Other little things in XP home are really a turn off... but that's a MICROSOFT issue.- CDR Drive does not include burnproof technology, so close some applications before burning.- HP has included some proprietory cdr drivers which will create cds that can only be read by other HP drives. This feature is enabled by default, but can easily be disabled. The standard drag and drop XP cdr capabilities work just fine! What was HP thinking?! The first CD i made became a coaster. But as I said, it can easily be disabled - thereafter it works fine!Overall, especially given the price, I would recommend this laptop highly.
As a member of the armed forces I'm set to leave home for an extended period of time and I couldn't imagine leaving my beloved desktop behind. As a member of the armed forces I also couldn't imagine being able to aford an acceptable replacement that I could take with me. I shopped around for over a week and the HP ZE4145 was the best value I could find anywhere. It was the combination of price and features of the ZE4145 that convinced me that it would be worth buying a laptop. I ordered it while away on training and it was recived by my wife who is a computer novice. She managed to get it registered and running DVDs on our home TV via the s-video tv-out port. She even set it up for easy one-touch operation.For me it will be a great source of entertainment while spending countless days away from home. I have accumulated a nice collection of DVDs in a short time,I already have several computer games to play, and a collection of hundreds of MP3s. All of which the ZE4145 can handle with ease. The LAN port allows me to network with my shipmates who also have notebooks. The 40gig HD give me pleanty of room to streach. The 15" screen is the envy of many other notebook owners onboard. The video card can be set to use up to 64MB of RAM and with 512MB you can manage to lose it.I haven't had a single problem yet. I love my new notebook.
I have done alot of looking online and for the price you cannot beat this! This would cost you [$$]+ on a difrent system.I have had it for a week and have used it mostly as my main pc and gaming platform the games I play our power hungry flight simms Falcon 4.0, Flanker 2.5, etc... as you can see these games requir alot of power mem=512DDR, a AGP 32DDR (AGPX4 means you can upgrade latter) witch alot of other laptops dont give you that option even the DDR ram can be upgraded to 1gigDDR![.]So if you dont want to spen [$$]then this is a name brand computer for you[.]I now use this notbook as my main pc so you know it is powerful!
After researching different laptops for a couple of weeks I found that the HP Pavilion ze4145 was the best!!  After rebates the price was hard to beat. The AMD Athlon processor is a screemer!  DVDs run as smooth as on TV, and the CDRW drive works without a hitch.  I've used many a laptop in my day, but this was the one I bought.  512MB RAM, 40GB Hard drive and a 15" screen were all big selling points.  This machine also runs a lot cooler than some I've used in the past.  I would recommend the ze4145 to anyone looking for a powerful machine!
This was a great computer! Everybody complains about the fans but this is why it was so dependable and lasts so long without any problems. Someone recently stole it from my home. I had wondows xp pro installed and a wireless card. I miss it terribly.
this was my first notebook.  it has everything I thought and more.
Setup was very easy. The display is crystal clear and the sound is awesome (it's got Altec Lansing speakers built in). Was stuck between this and the Toshiba S301, but finally opted for this because of higher memory (512 MB DDR SDRAM Vs Toshiba's 256 MB SDRAM), better software, easy navigation keys and light weight. This one got more points for the looks as well. It does not get heated that much and the fan is very quiet. The higher memory has a clear advantage when running multiple applications (browsing + watching a movie).
Feature wise this HP looks similar to other high-end notebooks out there.  What sets it apart is the extremely high quality display HP wisely endowed it with.  With a faster response time, higher brightness, and more pixels, HP has outclassed its competitors with this offer.The only benchmark Amazon offers if the pixel count (look under the Tech Specs), but you can use it as a good judge screen quality.  The higher the count, the better the quality of the image (and it tends to indicate a newer, better LCD was used).This notebook has a 1400-by-1050 LCD.  Most of its competitors only offer a 1024-by-768 LCD, or at best a 1280-by-1024.  By adding a LCD with 10% more pixels than the best the competition has to offer you get a sharper image (and sacrifice a little battery life).At 6.4 pounds this is lighter than most, though not the lightest.  It falls into the mobile desktop range (as opposed to thin-and-light) but thanks to higher quality components and engineer (it has a first class cooling system) you will see battery life that rivals notebooks aimed more for mobility than power.You can find more mobile systems with more battery life, but you won't find one with the first class features this one has.
First off the first thing I did was put a Gig of RAM in this puppy and now have used it for over a year.  Never a problem have I had.  I do programming for my job, and Star Wars Galaxies on it with no problems whatsoever.  (Galstaph on Corbantis) I have never used a better laptop (for work) and it isn't bad for other things as well.  I would suggest this to anyone (who didn't nead POWERFULL graphics).
I have to say that this laptop's looking is awkward. Compare to Toshiba's or any other japanese brands, the HP's computers look especially big. However, when you look at the technical datas, you find its actual size is smaller and lighter than any other P4 2.4G. It's just a matter of appearance design.This laptop has two fans, which means the P4 2.4G is very hot. But the noise is very acceptable. The DVD/CDRW drive is kind of noisy when running fast, but it's unavoidable.Compare to Toshiba's, HP's have PS/2 port so that you can keep your old mouse with you. It has 3 USB ports while Toshiba's have only 2.The battery can last about 2 hours and 15 minutes.The touch-pad is wonderful. There is a touch-scrolling-bar on the right side of it. The touch-scrolling-bar is very easy to use compare to Sony's little wheel. It seems only HP has this wonderful idea.One thing worth mentioning about this laptop is its very high LCD resolution. It's the highest you can find among P4 2.4G laptops. Of course, the fonts look smaller, but the clear LCD display makes small fonts comfortable and your desktop "bigger".This laptop is more a desktop replacement than mobile computer. (fast, complete features as desktop) It's still movable but kind of big. If you really care the mobility, buy a P4 mobile CPU based laptop with a higher price. They are smaller and lighter.I am sure you can get a very similar product from Toshiba much cheaper than HP. but I personally don't like japanese stuff. So this is the best i can find among non-japanese brands. If you don't have problem with japanese stuff, you'd better buy Toshiba's with a better looking and better price.
I bought this computer in December 19. I ran all the programs and only I have to say is that this computer is a great product is very fast the video card is wonderful and let me talk about the dvd burner is the best faster than cd-rw. I burned 25 audio tracks only in 6 minutes with easy cd creator 5.3 version. One thing that I have to say is that I am happy with this machine and at least I spent my money in a very good product thank you HP.
This machine is loaded! I have a cable modem and consistently get 2 megabit per second download speed. The processor smokes, its got tons of RAM and the graphics card is adequate if not supreme. I run 3D games (GTA III) w/ no problems save the slightest glitch here and there. The 80GB hard drive is ample but at 5400 RPM its the one component that could be faster (HP kind of burys that spec). If you do start running out of space you can back up mountains of data with the DVD burner.I wish it came w/ XP Pro but the home version is OK. All in all, once you've trashed all the junk that HP preinstalls on your desktop you've got yourself a slick computer at a great price.
This is another excellent entry from Sony CE, again gaining high marks for its value. It features an my favorite processor, an Intel Pentium 4 running at 2.0 GHz and offers 512 megs of very fast DDRAM. It also has 4 2.0-ready USB ports, a large 80 gig hard drive and a very good CD-R/W + DVD player. My only complaint is the lack of a true game-ready, 64 megs (or higher!) of video RAM. The included 32 meg Sony in-house, on-chip setup here just won't cut the mustard. There is, however, an open 4x AGP slot, so an upgrade can be bought and slid into place in 10 minutes without any fuss. In addition, there is no monitor included here, so that's another important expense to add. Nonetheless, it's a quality machine with lots of great features and it's one you'll probably be happy with for years to come.
This is a good computer.It runs fast fast and smooth and no problems!A great purchase.
This is a very nice hardware with good load of software to make it work smoothly. I specially liked the multimedia software that comes with this SONY.  I have used many PCs and this was the easiest to set up. It was fast and without a single glitch. This SONY has a high-speed processor, large capacity hard disk, and huge RAM to last several years, at least for me.
I just bought this computer two weeks ago (an upgrade from a 5yr old Aptiva), and I could not be happier. I did a lot of research and the Sony Vaio came up as the number one computer on my list.It come bundled with a whole bunch of software for editing video and audio, and for creating music CD's and DVD's - and it all works so well together. Now I can transfer home movies to DVD - so easy and the quality is much better then VHS. Especially if you have a Digital camcorder - like a MiniDV.Plus, other Sony equipment (MiniDV cameras, Clie PDA's, digital cameras, etc.) can be plugged directly in to the computer using the i.Link (IEEE 1394) cable or the Memory Stick Media Slot for seamless transfer of data (pictures and movies).The only downside is that some video games may not look all that great with the included graphics card (32MB SIS651 Integrated Graphics with Real256), they will all play fine but not at the highest game graphics settings. So for the avid gamer I would suggest buying a graphics card (there are 2 PCI and 1 AGP slots available).Again, high marks for Sony on a well made computer.
This is the best Sony I've reviewed, again gaining high marks for its value. Doubling its predecessor's DDRAM to 512 megs and adding 6 2.0 USB ports makes this machine's specs good enough as shipped to make 95% of the PC market happy. The other 5% (myself included) would like to have a true game-ready, 64 megs (or higher!) of video RAM. Perhaps most appealing is the included DVD recorder drive, which allows you to take your home movies, downloaded movies, pictures, or even photos you've taken and make your own movie collections on disc. Unfortunately, the included 32 meg Sony in-house, on-chip setup here just won't cut the mustard. There is, however, an open 4x AGP slot, so an upgrade can be bought and slid into place in 10 minutes without any fuss. In addition, there is no monitor included here, so that's another important expense to add. Nonetheless, it's a quality machine with lots of great features and it's one I'd be happy to have "as is" for anything but interactive Internet gaming or CAD.
The Sony Vaio PCV-RZ14G is a great pc for just about anything out there right now. Digital video editing is fast even when processing through hours of footage! And the 120Gb hard drive is plenty of space for this Video Studio machine. The format of the 120 gb is set up nicely so that if for some reason a virus takes over your system you can use the restore disk on the system partition and not loose possibly hours of footage stored on your whoppering 120gb hard drive. The NVidia GForce4 video card included is great and sure does bring games to live. Unfortunately the 64MB may fall behind with the new Video cards with 128MB. However not to worry the video card is not intergrated and you can upgrade it whenever you feel its outdated. The soundcard is integrated. Its a Yamaha Ac-XG WDM. I honestly dont know the capabilities of this card for surround sound however it sounds great with the two speakers the system comes with. The tv tuner included is just pretty nifty to have. This computer is ideal for a dorm room without a tv. Make this computer your super workstation. Games, TV, Homework, and Movies. Its pretty awesome.
I posted last week becasue I was having some issues iwth the computer but I've recently resolved those issues and I couldn't be happier with this computer.I would recommend it to everyone.I felt that I had to come back because it's only fair after saying some unflattering things about the PC.
This is the top of the top of the line. It is a rather impressive machine. The features are nothing short of top shelf. Go down the list; optical sound output, DVD-R/RW drive, TV capture ability (forget about Tivo), video editing, it goes on and on.You can do just about anything you want with this machine. Almost anything you would ever need is on board. I do wish that they used the "TI" video card series from NVIDIA as opposed to the "MX," but that would add at least another hundred dollars to the price tag (Oh well). The included software is pretty nice; Adobe Premier and Giga Pocket are both pretty sweet. The DVD creation features and software are easy and rather nice. You can edit home movies right on the PC. You can even digitize you favorite TV show and save it to the huge 120 gigabyte hard drive, or you can save a couple episodes of whatever show and then burn them to a DVD. It is remarkably slow at rewriting DVDs when you have a RW in the drive. But, there are few DVD-RW that rewrite at more than 1x or 2x.You might have some sound-related bugs, XP is notorious for sound related issues. There are needed XP patches, and perhaps some Sony patches too (I can't remember, I had a coworker deal with the minor bugs). All are free from the respective manufacturers.For the Sony buffs out there with Sony digital cameras or Clie palm organizers, this machine has a memory stick reader right on the front to make your lives a bit easier. It is nice for all things that use Sony Memory Stick. You can save a battery cycle in your camera if you use the reader as opposed to the USB.There is USB 2.0, Firewire (1394), and multiple other ways to get information to and from this machine. It is, in my opinion, one of the finest pieces of equipment that Sony has ever released in its Vaio series. It is a pricey computer, but realize, you are getting the top of the line kind of machine.epc
The RZ14G system is my latest computer system in my networked home. I've been home-brewing PCs for years and got tired of the headache side of the support equation. It was fun, but enough is enough. So I bought this one as my first OEM system in years. Fantastic! Why did I select this one? P4 2.53GHz. 120GB drive. 512MB fast RAM. Lots of software included for just what I will using it for, digital video editing (ballroom dance videos, family stories, etc.) A good, complete solution to my current home computer wants (and needs...sheesh!)After setting up the system and connecting my network, it worked right away. Fast and to the point, great! After downloading a few updates to current software, I ran some benchmarks (graphics, RAM speed, etc.) This machine is ranking very high on every scale.The GeForce4 MX card looks great with digital video, Tribes2 and Unreal Tournament, with nice FPS performance. The internal sound card is a Yamaha device, so it'll do for awhile until I upgrade to a Creative Audigy card. As for the PC's own speed when doing video capturing and graphics, this PC has all the gozintas and gozoutas I need! I shoot using miniDV, so the iLink ports are great and fast. I added another 80GB HDD to acccommodate my video capturing, saving the D: 95GB partition for production copies. As for the included software with this system, MS Office would've been nice, but the Wordperfect Suite is very complete and fully functional. Sony included Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 and Premiere 6.0 LE, a great compliment to what I bought this system for, to edit videos and make DVDs! I added Premiere 6.5 to the mix and it is now very fast and very functional.When I saw this system at a local store, I pondered buying another Sony. My other Sony, their older TRV9 miniDV camera, -never- gave me problems. Would their computer systems do the same? After going online for reviews, I found -very- few negatives. Great!If I had only one problem, it would be the lack of technical information on their Giga Pocket personal video recorder system. It covers a lot of ground and having the docs online only just makes it that much more difficult to "put it all together" and use all of it. But the docs online are good and the system DOES work!Am I happy with this system? Yes! Is there room to grow with it? Yes!
Got this notebook a couple weeks ago from HP's Refurbished products.  Paid less than $800 including delivery.  This notebook has everything I need including a CD Burner, DVD Player, 1394 port, large/fast 30GB HD, and built in ethernet.  The keyboard is great, especially the scroll device below the touchpad.  As far as the CTRL key being in the wrong place, it's easily adjusted to - can't understand why anyone would make a big stink about it.The performance seems to be very fast including digital picture editing.  I haven't done any video editing yet so I can't comment on that.  The display is more than adequate and seems very bright to me.My only beef with it is all of the software Compaq preloads on it.  Can't say that I wanted or use any of it.For the $$$, I'd buy another in a heartbeat !
First, the Athlon XP 2000+ outperforms a 2Ghz P4 in most tasks.  Second, the video card uses shared system memory.  This means that the 16MB is taken from the 512MB used for normal memory.  Third, you are not stuck with only 16MB of video memory.  I keep mine set at 64MB which is equal to or more than any other laptop video card.To change the amount of memory dedicated to graphics, press F10 at the beginning of the boot process.  Under the &quot;Advanced&quot; tab you will see an option that says something like &quot;AGP aperture size&quot;.  It will have options for 16, 32, or 64MB.  The integrated graphics are decent, but they are now oficially 2 generations old (The newest being the Mobile Radeon 9000).  This card performs like a Radeon 7000 (the original Radeon) for the desktop.I play Neverwinter Nights, Counter-Strike, and Unreal Tournament without problems on this laptop.  UT 2003 works, but it is a little slower than I like.
I have been searching for a new notebook which I can carry around ONLY between my office and home.  Please note my emphasis on the word "only" because I don't hurl around this thing so much.  It is usually sitting either on my office desk or on my dining table.  The power, memory, HD space, graphics, features, usability, screen and resolution size absolutely is incredible.  The reason that I bought this is because I'm in need of a 'portable computer' which is mainly for coding and gaming, and it never disappoints me.  I constantly launch about 3-4 VS.NET projects + MSDN + IE + debugging console window on Win XP Pro and didn't notice any significant lag.  The fullsize keyboard really make it easy on my fingers when typing.  Also, the 15" screen does show the full page without the need to scroll often.  The downside is that this laptop is 2.5" thick and weighs 8.0lbs (or more).  So, if you are looking for a slim and sexy laptop or you need something that you'll be carrying around most of its lifetime, then forget about it.  But if you are looking for a desktop replacement or a second (or third) computer which happens to be portable, then this is it!
I bought this unit in 10/02/02, a couple of days before they actual &quot;official release date&quot;. I DID NOT DO not even 1 seconds of research:), just went to the first electronics retail store near me and browsed the laptops they had in display...found a Toshiba but asked for a 2.0GHz processor and the salesperson told me that they've just received some.Until now it showed the same reliability as my old Inspiron, never had a hiccup...To refute some claims from others regarding this product:1) It is PREWIRED for wireless mini-PCMCIA cards...I bought Dell Truemobile 1350 card. It installs like a RAM stick and VOILA! you have &quot;wireless&quot;...2) Agreed that Toshiba saved some money with the MK4018GAS HDD...but I waited for the Hitachi super duper 7200rpm, 60GB drive to get a little cheaper and bought one. Works like a charm (OUT OF THE BOX, did it myself, no conectors, no settings...get out of the caddy the old HDD, put in the new one,..simple) and guess what, the old Toshiba HDD sits now in a tray in the Style BAY and I am the proud owner of a &quot;100GB&quot; laptop:)3) The USB ports...I have plugged all kind of peripherals into them: printers, external TV tuners, mice, keyboards, digital photo and video cameras...they are plug and play...This laptop is the champion of &quot;customizing&quot; ease: new 7200rpm HDD put in in less tha 5 min, cheap 2nd HDD(do it yoursef), StyleBay DVD-R/RW/RAM...Toshiba had a sale for them...2nd battery...etc, everything for very few compared to others (Amazon will not allow prices shown so I will not write one)THE ONLY GRIPE: runs very hot...but this is when playing a 2004 flight sim for more than 4-5 hours:)
This is a lightning fast laptop with all the goodies most people would want. Quiet, boots up in a flash, and high quality feel on all buttons and keys. Though it has a sleek look, I wish it was a little less bulky. Overall, highly recommended laptop with a nice price tag.
This computer is worth every penny. I was able to pick a brand new one up from my work. The built-in USB 2.0 and Firewire ports are just the icing on the cake for this powerhouse of a computer. With a mobile P-4 running at 2.0GHZ and 512MB of PC2100 DDR RAM, this machine leaves many others in the dust. At this point one would be hard pressed to USB 2.0 already built into a notebook but this one has it all, I replaced my desktop system with this. The ONLY downside is the location of the card slot, some PCMCIA cards will cause slight interference if you are using the Digital Audio Output on the computer, a better bet is to use the TV-Out connection which will allow you to output your audio to any RCA source and still use the fantastic Harman/Kardon built in speakers with subwoofer.Overall I give this computer 5 Stars, try getting this much computer from Dell or Gateway for this price!
I owned compaq, SONY, Dell, IBM in the past 8 years. Now I have a S503.In terms of performence, Dell, IBM are the top picks, however they are less stylish nowadays.s503 has almost the same performance (speed) of Dell, IBM, but its multimedia function beats both Dell and IBM.If you're looking for something combining speed, style and entainment, this is a go. You will love P-4_M, G-card_M, 5400rpm HD, remote control...,The customer service is also the best among all brand names.The only cons of s503 is that it's a little bit bulky. But for a 15' LCD, it is still acceptable.
With a sleek, titanium blue finish, this laptop clearly ranks among the best-looking laptops in the market at this moment. Packing a 2.0 Ghz Intel Mobile processor and 512 MB RAM, the laptop can stand its own among the power notebooks. (Amazon does not list it as having a Mobile processor but it contains one. This is one of the reasons why it is more expensive than the faster 2.4 Ghz Toshiba 1905-S303 which contains a desktop chip. There is no big differenc between these chips but the mobile chip does not heat up the laptop as much as a desktop chip. Thus, S503 is actually slimmer than the 1905-S303 which needs extra padding to contain the heat.) As a multimedia and desktop replacement laptop, it is no doubt the best for its price. Oh yes, the integrated subwoofers are a blast!
How can anyone go wrong with the 5205. Got the machine primarily for software development installed Visual Studio .Net, Sql Server, Oracle, Adobe PhotoShop 7.0 and loads of other development tools and this machine runs everything without a sweat.If you are looking for a serious software development machine which will last you for years this is the best you could get.And the expandability is phenomenal.The screen is superb, speakers are great, RAM/HDD (5 stars for the money), the subwoofer is the best I have seen on a laptop.The quick TV output is great for presentations, and the remote very handy.Wireless networking worked in a snap.Would recommend this system highly for anyone looking for serious a development environment machine.TOSHIBA ROCKS!!!Toshiba service is top notch.
I've owned about 5 notebooks now and I think I fell in love with this one faster than any of the others. It really exceeded my expectations. The screen is extremely bright and clear. I was initially worried about the type size on a 1600 x 1200 screen but found that with the brightness reading the small type is not a problem.The only negatives I have found thus far are that the keyboard is shifted slightly to the left of center. This is not a problem for me but someone who used their left thumb on the touchpad might find have a harder time than I do as a rightie. The other thing that has annoyed me is some key placements the biggest of which is the lack of a ctrl key on the right side of the space bar which is something my old Dell had.My Dells were really noisy between the drives and the fans. This computer is much quieter.The speakers seem really good to me. I carry the computer everywhere all around the house and have instant music for my family. It's as good as a decent boombox.I still have more to discover as far as getting best use from the programmable touchpad and some of the other goodies.I noticed that some of the rebates that were available around the new year are no longer present. Hopefully there will be incentives again for people to purchase this excellent machine.
Outstanding computer with a great &quot;WOW&quot; factor.  I have had this machine for a month now and still have not used all of its' features.  So many great thing, but the speakers may be the best.  The only negatives is the smallness because of the high resolution, but you get used to it and you can adjust it.  The other is the weight, but the great amount of features more than negate it.  Definitely get a second battery if you are going to be mobile.Overall, great machine and well worth the money.
Sleek looks, fast speeds, and packed with features.  Add Toshiba quality and you have pretty much the cream of the laptop crop.  You will not be disappointed with the 5205-S703!
You may have noticed Toshiba is selling two very different notebooks for the same price: the 1955-S803 and the 5205-S703.  So which is better?  The 1955 cost about the same as the 5205, has the same memory, same HDD, a bigger screen and faster CPU, so it must be the best choice right?  Well maybe not.The 1955 has a nice big 16" LCD, but the *quality* of that screen is much lower than the 15" screen on the 5205.  Also the 1955 is using a P4 desktop CPU, whereas the 5205 uses a P4 mobile CPU.  The desktop CPU runs hotter and drains the battery faster.So which is better?  Well it depends on what you want.  The 1955 is a great choice if you are going to plug into a wall socket and don't plan to use your notebook on your lap (the bottom gets hot).  It more like a desktop computer you can move around easily.  The 5205 is a better choice if you need more battery life or want a very high quality screen to reduce eyestrain, do CAD work, or to play the latest 3D games.Personally I prefer the 5205 for the longer battery life and high quality screen.  The build quality is also a little better (both are good).CPU:1955 2.5 GHz P4 Desktop CPU5205 2.0 GHz P4 Mobile CPU (cooler, battery last longer)Screen:1955 16" LCD 1280x1024 pixels (that pixel count is too low for a 16")5205 15" LCD 1660x1200 pixels (provides a much sharper image)Graphics chipset:1955 NVIDIA GeForce4 440 Go (good enough for some 3d games, light CAD)5205 NVIDIA GeForce4 460 Go (about 30% faster than the 440)Weight:1955 9.5lbs (getting a little heavy)5205 7.5lbs (not bad)Both offerings have serious competition from Dell, HP/Compaq, and Gateway so look around.
This pc comes with may features...) Built in WIFI and optional Bluetooth) 15in Screen) 3 USB Ports and one IEEE1394 (iLink/FireWire) Port) 1 PCMCIA (PC Card) port that supports one Type I or one Type II card.) A DVD/RW @ 2x that is backwards compatable... ie: burns CD/Rs nd CD/RWs) A front panel display and buttons to use this as a CD/Music/DVD Player.) 3 Special buttons for TV-OUT, Internet, and Configureation in one keystroke.) A cPad which is a touch pad with a twist.---&gt; The cPad has internal apps such as a calculator and a calendar as to not take up valuable screen space.---&gt; The cPad also has animated or static background to allow you to customize it to your personality.---&gt; Also the cPad allows you to add shortcuts to it. So you dont have to search the screen or menus to open a program or file.AND FOR A DORM, A BEDROOM, IN A HOTEL/MOTEL, OR ON A PLANE:) TV-OUT capabilities.) GREAT harman/kardon Soundsystem (built in)) Microphone Jack/LineIn Jock for recording College lectures or Buisness meetings.) A headphone and line-out jack.) and even a Remote Control (This can be hidden in the removable bay when not in use.The special freatures of the computer plus its impressive cPad and the 64MB DDR Nvidia GeForce 4 mobile processor make this a best buy for people on the go, college students, gamers and tech support personel.
Concur with the other reviews about the 703 being a great machine.  I have had it for a week, and have been very pleased with the processor, screen (the UXGA+ 1600 resolution is incredible - clearly a competitive advantage), and the storage (60 Gig).  But some additional thoughts -1.  No other machine like it.  I looked at Dell and Gateway, but neither have both the graphics nVidia chip w/64M with the 1600 resolution screen & 60 G drive, for anything close to this price.  The graphics is very important, as the graphics RAM significantly speeds up all programs!2.  Toshiba is running a nice rebate [$$$] as they close this model out - you ought to act fast if you are going to buy a laptop within 120 days... no more 703s are being built (the 705 will be out in 6 weeks and has some features I don't want and costs more).3.  THERE IS NO ROLLING LAPTOP CASE BIG ENOUGH FOR THIS MODEL OR THE 704!  Targus is suppose to put out a rolling 16inch (screen size) that will fit this model.  I went to [a local store] armed with my laptop (they were kind enough to let me bring it in) and I went through 20-odd cases from Targus, Case Logic, et al, and nothing was a good fit.  You will have to make do with scrunching the laptop into a carry case style, and even then it is barely a tight fit...4.  I have DVD MOTION STUDIO pre-installed, so the previous post about no DVD authoring software is bogus (also included CD drag&drop; program for CD-R/RW).So far, everything is working perfectly.  Bought the laptop through Amazon, went to TOSHIBA.com and bought the warantee at a discount... plus AMAZON gives $200 gift cert 4-6 weeks after purchase... this is a MUST BUY!
I decided to buy the 5202 S703 after researching comparable models. And boy!, am I happy with this machine. The whole experience has been delightful. The built in Wi-Fi is an awesome feature that really made up my mind. It is a little heavy, but it is well worth it for the performance. While I'm not as technical as some of the other folks who have reviewed the S703, I can tell you that it is, for me at least, a great and far superior replacemnet for my 2.5 year old Compaq P3 desktop. I find the resolution better than other models, with more options than other laptops have.The Toshiba 5205 S703 is well worth the money. It is a fantastic desktop replacement. It is fast, looks sleek and is a powerful piece of work!
As a pro new media designer, I needed a machine that would be very powerful, have lots of features, and still be pretty portable. After looking over dozens of Sony, Apple, and other machines, here's why this one won me over:1) GeForce 460 64MB: Aside from being able to drive two monitors (excellent for video editing and menu-intensive apps), I do like to play the occasional game. This card pumped out Unreal Tournament 2003 at 1280x1024 resolution with high levels of detail set. Very impressive.2) DVD-Burner: I've seriously wanted to get into DVD-Authoring, and this opened up the door. It's only a 1x, but it does the job.3) Subwoofer: As part of my work, I compose and work with a variety of music styles. The sub adds a full octave of bass response to the output, which is excellent when building beats, watching DVD's, or blowing away the other team in Unreal.4) Screen: 1600x1200 resolution looks beautiful. In my profession, I'm usually using a ton of different programs, each of which may have up to a dozen tool or option palletes open at once. The additional screen real estate is wonderful.5) Power: 2Ghz, 512MB of Ram, and Intel's Speed-step power-saving make for a lot of efficient horsies under the hood.6) Synaptics cPad: Very useful little gadget. Combines a touchpad with a built-in application launcher that is totally customizable. You can also customize the graphic behind the touchpad however you'd like. In my case, I put my company logo in there - I like.7) Remote control: Great for controlling your machine from a distance, like if you're watching DVD's.8) Output options: Dolby 5.1 surround, VGA port, Audio/Video output, etc. Why bother getting a full home theater system? All you need is this machine and some surround-sound speakers. It already plays CD's, DVD's and outputs surround.9) SD Card slot: My video camera uses those Multimedia Cards for storing digital pictures. The SD format is a derivative of the MMC cards, so the slot reads both. Now I don't need to carry an external card reader any longer.10) CD Player: The machine has dedicated CD player buttons on the front, so that you can play CD even with the laptop turned off. Great for conserving battery power well all you want to do is listen to music.11) Look and feel: This thing is beautiful. I love the glossy blue screen back. It makes people go &quot;whoa&quot;. The keys are very comfortable and actually have some travel, so they feel like you're actually typing on a real honest-to-god keyboard (unlike the Sonys, which don't have nearly enough travel). The positioning of the specialty keys (Home, PgUp, `, etc.) take a little getting used to, but actually are much better laid out than on some other laptops I've seen.12) Last but not least: Price! This baby beats out the Sonys, Apples, and others in price-to-performance ratio and sheer number of features. I feel a got an excellent deal with this machine, and it does everything I wanted - and more!Problems:1) No DVD authoring software! Usually, machines with DVD burners or standalone DVD burners bring at least a copy of MyDVD. This brought nothing.2) Battery consumption - this thing eats battery life with a quickness. A second battery is highly recommended.3) Weight and Size: Don't get me wrong - this is no desktop-replacement battleship. However, it's not a thin-and-light by any means. It's a workhorse machine, and it's built solid.Size-wise, it's a healthy (1.7&quot; thick, 11Lx13W), but not nearly so big as the 16&quot; screened desktop rep. monsters. It's actually a very comfortable size.4) No floppy: Once in a while, I'll be at a client's who has no network, no wireless, and no CD-burner. A floppy drive is not by any means a neccesity, but it does come in handy once in a while.Honestly, the above problems are almost nit-picky in comparison to what you get with this machine. I am absolutely thrilled with this computer, and actually enjoy using it much more than my desktop.Check it out yourself and you'll see what I mean!
I have one of these and I just TOTALLY love it!However, don't expect to be able to open it up fully whileflying economy.
Great price, good company, powerful, good software bundle, Worth the money. The integrated NIC is also a plus - hate those flimsy extended network cards.
I got the 1905-S301 which shares the same specs as the 1905-S303.The best feature of this notebook is its battery life. I got 2hours and 50 minutes playing DVDs and 3hours and 20min normal use. Note that I only set the screen to power saving mode and all other hardware were functioning at full power.I read a lot about the battery before. Some said it lasted long, other said it did not. I run the test for myself.I previously had an HP ze5155 (1.8ghz, 512mb ram, 40gb HD, 32mb video ram). But the battery life sucked. I only got 1hour and 30 minutes playing DVDs and 2hours normal use.Toshiba uses a 12-cells battery while HP uses an 8-cells battery. The toshiba battery has a 33% higher capacity than the HP battery.I also got my notebook for $993 at bestbuy.com after tax and $600 rebates. Yes, that was a deal for a 2ghz, 256mb ram, 40gbs HD, firewire, 16mb dedicated video card, 15" screen laptop.
This product contains the best of all possible worlds.  Fast, powerful and capable of almost anything you would throw at it, but without the price tag that can stop a heart.  I found this laptop to be comfortable, and a nice trasition for someone who has always been desktop bound.  This computer is defintely worth a look.
Like most of you out there, I spent a lot of time doing research, which included reading these reviews.  Although some of them made me a little nervous (combined with the fact that I've never owned a Toshiba before) I went ahead and purchased it due to the ...price.  I have to say that so far I have been 110% satisfied with this machine.  It absolutely flies, the monitor looks great, and it's standard config was way more then I could get anywhere else (and trust me, I tried).  I've already done some video editing on it to put it through its paces, and the machine performed great...the 512MB ram and and P4 chip have proved to be great so far.  Take a look at this machine if you're considering a laptop, it should last you a long time.
I did research for months before I went about getting my Toshiba Satellite 1905-S303. I had a early Toshiba Satellite a few years ago and this definately a great series of computers. My only complaint is this computer is a bit heavier then some others I looked at which is going to be difficult when I start hauling it around the campus next semester. With the features offered on thie machine however I'll be able to live with it.
Ok, I'll list the raw facts first.Cons: 8.3 pounds ...a tad heavy.No ps2 port.No serial port.Processor is not "mobile"Pros: 2.4 GhZ512 ram15" displayusb + firewire ports(2) pcmcia portslots of space 40 gig.descent battery life for the power it pushes out.burner,dvd,floppy,tv out,v92 modem,lan, 32mb videoyaddy yadda yaddy yadda yaddy yadda yaddy yadda.I can honestly say that this power house box. It has taken every piece of software that I've thrown at it. Movies are great on it, magnificent display.Very efficient cooling system.I'm very picky when it comes to my electronics. I've researched and compared months and months before this purchase and I narrowed it down to Sony Dell and Toshiba. So since toshiba had the best rebate offer around, thats the one I got and I have no regrets. This laptop also has a slot for a wireless mini pci card when you open the cover that conceals the memory. This upgrade can be added to have wireless internet and network access.
I have owned previous Toshiba laptops and HP laptops, plus Dell.  This is far and away the most capable I have owned.  I have noticed a similar problem with the ATI M6 card.  It seems like the display will lock up when in &quot;Screen Saver&quot; mode, and I have to do a hard reset.  The Windows analysis keeps pointing to the ATI Graphics card as the cause, and it refers me to the ATI site, which then directs me to the Toshiba site for the ATI Mobility Radeon card.  I have downloaded the driver from the Toshiba site, but doesn't seem to have kept this problem from occurring.  &quot;jsteele&quot; from New York alludes to a website where he got a driver which seems to have solved the problem.  It is not on his customer review however.  I think that would help.  If he would be kind enough to give us the link...?
When shopping for my new laptop, I was looking for a sturdy desktop replacement system.  I use my laptop constantly; it goes with me to client sites every day, and if it's not with me in the car, it's fired up on my desk.This thing is FAST, and the display is beautiful. The speakers are a little disappointing after the JBL Pro speakers in my old Compaq, but that's really a small gripe.  The keyboard feels good, I like the feedback panel on the front (it actually gives useful info, although the lack of a battery meter is annoying).  I thought I'd find the system to be comparatively bulky, but it's not too bad (it's heavier than my old system by about a pound).  Another small gripe with the keyboard is the placement of the "delete" key and the ` (backtick/ ~ ).  They are on either side of the spacebar, which is taking some getting used to as I use those keys a lot (I'm a Linux/ Unix consultant).I do a fair amount of processor intensive work (program compiles etc.), as well as some graphics (Gimp and Blender 3d rendering) work, so the video engine is also important.  I like that the 1905 has 16Mb of actual, dedicated DDR Vram.  The most important factor in making my decision was that the system has standard componentry.  I use Linux exclusively, and I had a nightmare getting Linux (specifically XFree86) to run when I purchased my old Compaq due to issues with video drivers etc..I did a LOT of research before I bought the Toshiba, and I was gratified to see that everything worked under Linux (Mandrake 9.0) out of the box!  XFree86 and KDE3 are a thing to see when running at 1280x1024 resolution.  The only thing that I haven't gotten running yet is the AMR modem (a new type of Winmodem), although there is a project developing a driver for it.  In addition, the system uses acpi instead of APM, which is a consideration under Linux (it's only supported under the newest kernels).I've seen a few reviews about this model getting hot on your lap, but I haven't experienced that at all; in fact, it runs MUCH cooler on my lap than my old Compaq Celeron was.All in all, I'm more than satisfied with the system, and for the price, it was a steal!
My husband got this computer for me about a week ago and I'm very happy with it!  Of course it's not the best computer in the world but remember you get what you pay for.  If you want all of the bells and whistles then maybe you should look elsewhere.  I will mainly use mine for my home business.  I am a party plan consultant and this is perfect for me to take to my shows so I can put the orders directly into the computer instead of doing the paperwork at the show and then entering it into the computer at home.  If you don't need all the extras then this is a great entry level laptop.  I love mine!
Why'd last year's technology?  The lack of firewire, DVD only instead of DVD/CD R-W, 512M ceiling on RAM, 20GB hard drive,  blah blah blah..., and if I were really nit-pickin', I'd pick on the fact that it skimmed on a built-in floppy but not the weight!  But with current rebates putting the price tag at under ..., who's complaining?One reviewer was worried about blocking its vents and overheating  this computer.  That'll just about do it for any other laptop - try wrapping a tarp over your car's radiator and driving it around, you might as well take it straight to the dealer, for cryin' out loud.Overall, tho, this laptop offers pretty-decent all-around performance and comparable-within-class features that'll satisfy most users.  It's a buy here and now.
My first laptop died in August, 2008. I tried a car DC adapter and it blew out the circuit(?). Ran on the battery, with no problem. I shipped it out to a DC Plug repair shop... (I thought that was the problem) and was returned saying the problem was on the mother board. I guess I blew out the DC Plug and whatever is connected with it. I went on E-Bay to buy someone elses broken Toshiba for parts, and now I have a spare battery, lots of spare parts, and a spare laptop to charge the 2 batteries. I like this Toshiba so much that I spent extra money just to continue using it. Sure, I could have (and I did) purchased a new computer, but I just loved this old Toshiba too much. Sure, I'm rambling on and on, but I think that this is a GREAT LAPTOP, and if you can get one for a couple of C-Notes, or less, (I did) it's well worth the price.
Reading some of the reviews here, you'd think the notbook in question was supposed to be an expensive desktop replacement.This notebook is great performer in the budget-notebook category. Here are a few of it's many pluses (and keep in mind, this IS a budget notebook):1. 14.1" display (very usable).2. Reasonably fast 1.5Ghz MOBILE Celeron processor on a 400 mhz system bus (dont listen to all the people saying that it uses a desktop processor.  Intel doesnt even MAKE a 1.5Ghz desktop Celeron chip - look it up).3. 20 gig hard drive - 4200rpm (true, not very large, but decent for a notebook under $1100 MSRP)4. Decent touchpad with great mouse buttons (I've tried many laptops, and few have as good a tactical feel as this one - i.e. HP's new laptops, which have crappy touchpads with even worse mouse buttons).5. Decent battery life (Li-ion battery). I've been able to run over 2 hours on a full charge, while surfing the internet AND ripping cd's the entire time.6. Decent graphics capabilities. True, a 16mg(dedicated) Mobility Radeon isnt anywhere near top of the line, but the only thing it DOESN'T do perfectly is play the latest pc games (but im sorry, if you expect to get a kick butt mobile gaming rig for anywhere NEAR $1000 you are seriously deluting yourself).7. Decent memory configuration with good expandability. This pc uses 256mg DDR RAM (PC1600), a very usable ammount.  This can be upgraded to 512 with another 256 stick (which I plan on doing very soon).8. Rock-solid stability. I've had this laptop for several weeks, and have done some major work on it. Never has it given me even an ounce of trouble.Here are the few things I wish were different on this notebook (bearing in mind I can certainly live with these inconveniences, escpecially considering how much they would cost me on a better equipped laptop $$$):1. The laptop needs USB 2.0. This is probably the most major thing, since it has neither a cd-burner or floppy drive.2. A cd-burner WOULD be nice (but I can add that later, as the beefed up model, the 1115-s153, has a combo drive).3. A floppy drive. Not a very expensive addition, since there is a bay for it on the front of the notebook. (would've been nice since there is no cd-burner).The bundled software is OK, never been a huge fan of MS Works, but it will get the job done for most people (I put a previously purchased copy of MS Office on it). It also comes with the Bicyle Board game bundle as well, which is fun to poke around with on occasion.True, this laptop wont win any awards for speed, weight, or sound (the fan doesnt run that often, and the hard drive - which is an IBM 40gn btw, is not loud at all).  But with a price well under one thousand dollars with rebates, anyone looking for a solid budget notebook should seriously consider the 1115-s103 from Toshiba.P.S. Just for clarification's sake, heres a few of the other features that some have said arent on this laptop.There IS a tv out...its a single s-video out connection (as well as a standard monitor out).There are 2 Type-II pc card slots, not 1.The MOBILE Celeron processor does not get THAT hot.  Ive been able to use it for a full battery discharge on my lap wearing shorts without problem.
I am very satisfied with my equipment.I'm sorry I was told to fill my rebate offer out and receive my rebate within a certain length of time then read that this model was discontiued after that.  What's your take on it?Sincerly Sheliah
This particular model of Emachines computer is outdated now, though if you can find one, it will do anything you need short of playign the newer games on high resolution. Mine has been the best computer I ever had and I plan on buying another Emachines when I upgrade.
This was far and away the best sound card of its day.  Don't let the date on Amazon's page fool you; this card was released in 2000.  Unfortunately Philips has long since stopped producing sound cards and has not released updated drivers for some time, so this card is no longer fully compatible with DirectX.  It's tragic that Philips didn't continue its sound card line; I can barely imagine what they would have developed.  Only recently have the mainstream sound card manufacturers incorporated the features Philips had already developed six years ago, such as digital outputs and software that expands stereo signals into 5.1 surround sound.  This card was truly ahead of its time, and at $80 was a steal.  Unfortunately, its day seems to have passed.  The good news is that there are finally some worthy successors available, so after six years of use, I can finally bid my Philips Acoustic Edge a fond farewell.  I can only hope my new sound card will enjoy so long a life.
The CD Copy Cruiser 48 is totally unique in stand alone CD Duplication systems.  How many times have you wanted to have CDs with only your favorite music selections.  Now you can compile your own custom audio CDs  with the CD Copy Cruiser 48 without a computer, as well as duplicate CDs at speeds up to 48x.  The advanced features of the CD Copy Cruiser 48 make it the right choice for your computer room, entertainment center and your office or business.  Its distinctive black case fits anywhere and is available only from Alera Technologies.More and more business, government and education offices, musicians, record publishers, audio and video professionals, software and game developers, graphic artists, churches and other private organizations, are looking for a cost effective means to duplicate CDs to distribute to customers, clients, employees, students, organization members, etc. The need to duplicate CDs in your own office, where you have total control of the schedules, quantity and content has been growing since the first CD-Recorders came on the scene.  Until now, the necessary equipment has been cumbersome, hard to operate, and very expensive.The CD Copy Cruiser 48 CD Duplicator incorporates the latest  48x Alera Technologies CD recording and duplicating technology. CD Copy Cruiser 48's are the professional, yet simple, solution for creating CD copies quickly and easily;  For example, the  CD Copy Cruiser 48  can make copies of a typical CD in as few as 2   minutes; the fastest CD duplicators currently available. The actual time to copy the information a source CD to CD-R blank discs, start to finish, will vary due to the quality of the discs being used, write process initialization tests by the duplicator controller, writing lead in/lead out information, etc.The CD Copy Cruiser 48 incorporates a back lighted LCD readout that reports the % complete and other status elements of the copy process.  It is important to be able to see this information as the process is taking place so you have an idea of when it will be completed.  This is particularly useful when copying difficult to duplicate CDs.CD Copy Cruiser 48 stand-alone CD duplicators do not require a computer for any of their duplicating or editing functions.  Since CD Copy Cruiser 48's do not require connection to a PC they do not interfere with valuable workstation activity. There is no additional hardware or software required to make copies, no set up other than plugging one in and turning on the power. There is no software to load and no need to attach extra cables, etc. to your computer. You can make as many quick copies as you need. CD Copy Cruiser 48's are very compact units that take up little desktop space and can be easily movedWith the ease of operation of the CD Copy Cruiser 48, there is no concern as to who can operate the machine, what skill level the operator possesses, or how much training will be needed. No special computer, multimedia or mastering experience is needed to make copies.  For the normal copy job, you simply load the CD to be copied in the CD-ROM drive, load the a blank CD in the CD-Recorder, Select Copy, Select the copy speed and in a few minutes you have an exact copy of your source CDEven though the CD Copy Cruiser 48 is easy to use, it includes powerful, professional copy control features normally available only on much more expensive systems. For complete control and copying flexibility , the CD Copy Cruiser 48 has an array of powerful control features.
This product is amazing I've made 3 cds so far and theyve all turned out great. This product is well worth the money, I can make a hole cd in 20 minutes, I strongly recommend this item. The Edit track works great, Very easy to use.
This CD Copy Cruiser is simple to use. Put the source CD in the top tray. Put a blank CD in the bottom tray. On the top panel, select copy. Then select the speed (max 48x). Hit the okay button and within minutes you've got a perfect copy.Altough there are extra features that allow you to create custom music cds, I just needed to duplicate145 data CDs for a client (two sets at that) and was finished  before I knew it.Here's an idea of how fast it is. When I started this project, I spent 16 hours and two computers and was only able to duplicate 64 CD-ROMS. When I got the CD Copy Cruiser, I was able to copy those same 64 CD-ROMS in 3.5 hours!And the best part of this device is that it frees up your computer.
The Alera Copy Cruiser... is a wonderful device.  You'll double your CD collection in no time and soon run out of room to store them! Your friends will get used to you lugging this machine around, badgering them to borrow their CDs.It is very easy to operate and will copy a typical audio CD in about 5 minutes, copying at a rate of 16X, the fastest recommended speed. I also tried it with a Photo CD and it copied nicely also, so you can make copies of your Photo CDs for family members.A very sturdy and user friendly gadget. The box has handles and is a neat way to transport it around for your purposes. Can't recommend this high enough.
its amazing technology and i find it indespensible for use both at home and office. A must have.
I actually own one of these devices, and from reading other reviews of the V110 and V150, I get the impression that some reviewers haven't really used one, let alone own one.  I'd like to set the record straight and then give you my impressions of this useful gizmo.* The AirPanel is *not*  just a "table PC with some extra software and a USB transmitter": It's a totally different animal: (A WinCE / RDP Client: I think of it as a PocketPC with a big display)* These babies can connect to any XP Pro or Windows 2003 Server box in your house - Mine is configured to hit any of 3 machines in my home. The boxes in question are part of a hybrid wired/wireless 802.11b network.* Mira devices are basically RDP clients (the "terminal server-like" technology behind "Remote Assistance Connection" on your XP machine). If your OS cannot accept incoming RDP sessions (like XP and Windows 2003 can), you can't use Mira with it. "Bad Design" as some people have claimed? No, just a fact of life.* Windows XP is not a server: If you use your Mira device against it, the local console will lock itself down: The AirPanel wasn't meant to be a way to "multiplex" a single desktop so that two people can use the same computer at the same time. However, I can connect to Windows 2003 without the console locking... I also read that MSFT is working on a change to XP so that you *can* use the box itself and the AirPanel connected to it at the same time. This'll be really cool.* AirPanels/Mira devices work well on a wireless network. I had my device up and running against my existing SMC access point in less than 3 minutes.  They in no way "interfere" with the existing network infrastructure or wireless signal.I've found my V110 to be a very nice addition to the home -- It was frighteningly easy to get up and running, and took no time to learn how to drive. I found my wife using it to shop from the couch hours after it was first plugged in.It renders screen images very quickly, with little of the lag you expect from a terminal-server like technology. When using the internal speaker (there's only 1), the sound is a bit tinny: However, it's not difficult to use a music player on your remote PC to play tunes (versus the local Windows Media Player built into the AirPanel), and therefore utilize your PC's sound rig. It is rock-solid when it comes to basic activities (surfing, mail, etc.).I can also turn the thing on and be working in about 2 seconds (really!); There's no "suspend mode" or anything that causes a wait when you want to start up or shut down. I LIKE that.Finally, the AirPanel doesn't get warm when used for a long time: Anyone who's sat on a couch with a laptop for a couple hours has experienced "the leg sweats" from the machine warming up over time. No problem with the V110.In my opinion, the handwriting recognition needs work - I found that most of the "stylus strokes" that I learned to do things on a PocketPC don't work here, and it's somewhat frustrating to have to change up my "input style" depending on what device I use: Input technique should be standard across all CE-based devices, in my opinion.... I almost didn't buy it ... Now I'm glad I did. ...Pick one up. You won't regret it.
I bought this mouse originally as part of the Microsoft Intellimouse and Keyboard Bluetooth set I used as my desktop workstation solution years ago. They both were solid products.The mouse has continued its utility as my laptop mouse for the last few years and I take it everywhere.  The Microsoft Intellimouse software is compatible with Windows and Mac and allows total programmability of the mouse buttons.  I have the two thumb buttons programmed for "Copy" and "Paste" and the center scroll button when depressed will hide all windows and show the desktop.  For someone like me with a MacBook Pro running Windows under Parallels this mouse is perfect.The mouse has a larger size than notebook/portable mice, but fits the hand ergonomically (at least for me being right-handed) and has a good heft to it. It is really tough as well. My original mouse survived years of handling in and out of laptop bags without a single issue.Can't recommend this mouse enough. Too bad they stopped making them. It's a winner.
I got this for my mac because I had the non-bluetooth version of this mouse and didn't want the dongle.  It works great.  But be wary: if your enviornment suffers from enough wireless noise, the reaction of this mouse will be somewhat jerky.
Works fine under Windows 2000. Reads media well.
Okay, just a few short bullet notes:Powerbook G4's DO have fans. I don't know what you're talking about. And the casing on almost all laptops heats up - especially high performance laptops. The purpose is to pull heat AWAY from the microprocessor. And people who say &quot;You should sue if you get burned by a hot laptop&quot; are the same people who say &quot;You should sue if a television falls on you and breaks your foot - the television was obviously too heavy.&quot;Secondly, yes, the keyboards can leave marks on the screen. But there are actually companies that manufacture pads that cover the keyboard when you close it, so it doesn't dent the screen. Oh no, 5 dollars!And, additionally, this guy doesn't know what he's talking about because you don't &quot;repair&quot; a laptop monitor. I mean, it's just not done. You replace the entire thing (replacement titanium monitors start at - get this - 1300 dollars, so take good care of the one you have). This is why you have to be extra careful not to dent the one you have.I hate things like this - people writing bad reviews about equipment and not knowing what they're talking about - or worse, making stuff up.And I have no clue why this guy says that OSX is a bad operating system. It doesn't crash, doesn't freeze, doesn't do anything of the sort. Not just this, but Macs are much less succeptible to viruses than PC's, since no viruses are written in Mac/Unix format. So eat me, pal.And yes, bus and mhz speeds are slower in macs. This is not unobvious. Macs have slower interfaces than PCs. People know this. But in PROCESSING applications, a mac g4 scales up about 2.4 times.Right. Anyway, spurious reviews - either way - bother me.
I have been a programmer/coder for a few years now and thanks to to the PowerBook I can still do my work without crashing halfway through a project. This laptop is for the power user, hence the hefty price, but it is worth every penny. The only minor hick-up, is the poor Wi-Fi reception; but that can be solved by a pc-card.
I bought my first Mac (a G4 Quicksilver tower) a little over a year ago after using a PC all my life. I used to make fun of people who used them but since I got one I have convinced my Dad, brother, sister, friend, and others to buy one for themselves. Why do you think Mac users are so passionate about their computers? You just feel good when you use one. Maybe it's because you spend less time banging your head against a wall trying to get your computer to work. Or maybe it's because Macs are just beautiful, from the packaging to the operating system. Once you go Mac, you can't go back.When this Power Book came out and it was faster and had the same size hard drive as my desktop, I knew it was time to trade in. I am so glad I did! I LOVE this computer. It is so fast and smooth and the DVD player is sweet. Even watching the gorgeous visuals that come on iTunes is mesmerizing. Apple has the best of the most important software, like iPhoto, iTunes, iMovie, iCal, etc., that are hands down the best programs on the market. Even Word looks and works better on a Mac. I have only one complaint- Mac support. They don't go out of their way to offer you help. Luckily, you rarely, if ever, need it.
I'm a university student finishing up my degree, and when the winter 2002 term's workload practically mandated a laptop, I went out and got the least-expensive major-brand laptop I could at the campus store: a Toshiba Satellite 1800-4K1.  Like so many regard their laptops, I treated it like I would an economy car: it did what I needed, nothing more, and I certainly didn't care about it any more than what it took to keep it working.  In that respect, the Toshiba did its job admirably for almost a year.But the more I used it, the more I realised that I wanted something which would be genuinely nice to use (I was also getting a bit disillusioned with Microsoft, but that's another story).  Something that would *encourage* me to be away from my desktop system.  So I started looking at more serious laptops, and (as you might imagine) settled on a PowerBook.So far, I'm not regretting the decision one bit, even though it's the only Mac in a Windows-centric household.  What shocks me are the sheer number of ways in which it's superior to not just my older, low-end Toshiba, but a number of current high-end laptops as well.Performance is a bit of a given when you consider the time differential between the laptops I've had, but what's pleasant is the degree to which the PowerBook 867 feels considerably faster than its clock speed suggests.  Apple might exaggerate the performance, but not by as much as you'd think.  Furthermore, you don't have to scale back your performance to get decent battery life: I can use the system at full speed whether plugged in or not, while a Pentium 3 or 4 laptop can scale back dramatically (I've heard a 2 GHz Pentium 4 scales back to 1.2 GHz!) while still not saving you much power.The design is definitely what you should buy the PowerBook for, though.  It's very thin, so it has a better fit in your laptop bag (and on your wrists), and it's more "shallow" than other large-screen laptops (important when you're using it on a plane or a restaurant table).  The widescreen display is also very attractive and useful - so much so that I'd rather use the PowerBook's 1280x854 resolution than something higher on a conventional-ratio laptop.Battery life is also important for me; what's the point of having a laptop if you can't use it away from a wall socket for very long?  While Apple's "up to 5 hours of battery life" claim is indeed a bit much, practically speaking I can get 3.75 to 4 hours out of my PowerBook while doing relatively normal work (typing up  class notes, web browsing on wired Ethernet, etc.).  Even when I'm using my wireless networking and listening to an Internet radio stream, I can still get over 2.5 hours.  In either case, that's a full hour more than the considerably slower laptop I had before, and from what I hear is better still than most of Apple's "desktop replacement" rivals.Catches?  The PowerBook itself is fairly durable (I've heard of someone who had their PowerBook drop off a table and still function normally), but if you want to avoid dirt and scratches you'll want to be a bit more careful than usual.  Make sure that it gets put in a bag with a smooth, lint-free surface, wipe the screen using a similarly-textured cloth, and don't decide to sprint to the bus stop with the PowerBook bouncing around like mad.  A basic piece of paper placed on the keyboard when you're done should help keep the screen clear.In short, though, the system is good enough that I'll almost certainly be selling the Toshiba, and probably won't miss it at all.  Consider a PowerBook if you want a fast, long-lasting laptop that just happens to be incredibly appealing to the eyes.
I've had my TiBook since Nov 02.  I'm a graphic designer (read: power user). I have a network of PCs and Macs at home and at work. I have no preference either way. I am not a Mac geek nor a PC geek. I just require power and this was the fastest machine, with the best screen available at the time.  I purchased this machine because I needed to be able to work from the road. It meets my needs perfectly.To fill in some of the gaps left by other reviewers.....I sent my TiBook back to Apple for a RAM upgrade and got it back in 3 days not 7-10. The keyboard is the one of the best you can find on any laptop, notebook, portable, whatever you want call it. The screen is easily the the best on the market. Look around. The colors are accurate thanks to colorsync and you won't find a brighter, clearer screen anywhere.I don't understand why someone would complain about a slot loading DVD/CDRW drive. Who wants stuff protruding from your laptop that can be broken off? Tray loading optical drives are cheaper and that's why they are found on bargain basement designs. This is a preference argument for sure. To each there own. I'll choose the one that looks better and still provides the same functionality.There is nothing quirky about my TiBook. It does what I want it to without having download patches and virus software updates every week. When was last Windows mandatory patch? Oh, yeah, I forgot you can't get online because the Blaster worm keeps turning your computer off. I haven't had to turn off my machine in over three months.Happy computing.
I needed an external DVD-R drive to work with my Macintosh computer, and this one fit the bill perfectly. I opened the box, plugged in the power and firewire cables that were included with the drive, and within minutes, was burning DVD's.If you are a user of Apple's DVD Studio Pro, this drive works seamlessly with it, and is very fast when burning 2x rated disks. I have burned a good 2 hours worth of video to a DVD in as little as 25 minutes.If you do use this drive, make sure to buy quality media. I wasted lots of money  on failed disks, and was going to blame the drive for it, but then tried using the Verbatim DVD-R 2x disk that shipped with the unit. I have now burned more than 10 verbatim disks in a row with this drive and have experienced no further media or drive failures.I'd highly recommend this drive to anyone needing an external DVD-R drive.
Bought two of these laptops for my wife and son after comparing with comparable Sony & HP units about a month ago. A week later, after falling in love with the laptops, I bought a *third* laptop for myself to replace my existing desktop. I have all three set for wireless Internet access. I wholeheartedly recommend this laptop and wireless access.
This was by far my best purchase ever, bought it in 2003, and was way beyond my expectations, it served me well in my practice.
I have had this laptop since May of 2003, so 7 years.  The only thing I have done to improve it is max out the RAM to 1GB and have re-installed the OS a few times, just to improve performance.  Only complaint is the battery is weak, but I only run it plugged in.
After shopping for months and doing tons of research on laptops [Dell-Compaq-HP-Sony etc] my conclusion was that this Toshiba [2435-S255] is by far the best of the lot. With the 2.40-GHz Pentium 4 - 512 MB Ram - 40GB Hard Drive - DVD-ROM/CD-RW you could pay hundreds more for one of the other brand laptops with the same features. This laptop is user friendly and performs flawlessly. [very fast] I am very pleased with this laptop and I highly recommend it to those of you who may be looking for an outstanding value in a loaded laptop.
I've heard from too many people stating that their laptop overheats. I've had mine for quite some time now and I began to experience the 'overheat' problem as well, as the fans would never come down from their maximum speed and the laptop would frequently shutdown on me. It boggled my mind for a few weeks, then I decided to open the cooling maintanance cover and look at the fans/heatsink. I ran a straightened paperclip along the inside of the heatsink and low and behold, clods of dust came spewing out. I pushed it to about where the heatsink separates from the fan duct and ran pieces of paper in that little gap to get the dust out. Since I cleaned out the heatsink, the fans have YET to come on anything above their lowest setting for any more than a few seconds. I still haven't gotten use to the fans being completely off for a very long time!This laptop is the best, in my humble opinion. It has a very powerful desktop processor and comes with many nice features. The only thing that I can complain about is the memory and the lack of Linux support from Toshiba. There are only 2 slots, and they both have 256MB chips occupying them. If you want to upgrade to 1GB, you'll have to buy 2 512MB chips. This strikes me as a bummer, but having a gig of memory is CERTAINLY recommended. As far as Linux, Toshiba refuses to support it until Linux holds more than 50% of the desktop market. I have run Gentoo and Ubuntu on this laptop, but I was not able to get the majority of the hardware to work up to spec. If you run Windows XP or, in my case, Windows Server 2003 SP1, you'll be mighty pleased.All that being said, 5/5
I returned my other laptop (HP ze5270) for the Toshiba and boy am I happy that I did!  Toshiba, in my opinion, is by far the leader in mobile computing, far surpassing Dell.  The Satellite 2435-S255 is a great all-around laptop with plenty of RAM (512 MB), average hard drive (40 GB), great video card (GeForce 4 420 GO with 32 MB RAM) and an attractive look.  What makes it even better is its removeable CD-RW/DVD drive, expandable memory (up to 1GB), TV-out capability (S-video), FireWire (IEEE-1394) port, Infrared port, and three USB 2.0 ports.  2 PCMCIA slots are also onboard for more expansion capability. What's convenient is that there are separate CD player controls on the outside of the laptop so that you can play and control a CD without the laptop being turned on.  The speakers (Harmon Kardon) are loud and clear.  There are three quick access buttons located above the keyboard.  One can be used to launch your Internet browser, one to launch the Toshiba Console window, and the other to toggle the TV-out function.  The touchpad is satisfactory with good response and sensitivity.  The left and right touchpad buttons could be more precise when you click them.  There really isn't a definite click to them.  I still haven't figured out the touchpad scroll function yet but that's because I really don't need it.  The 15" Active Matrix LCD display is bright, clear, and crisp.  Its maximum resolution is the standard 1024x768 found on most laptops.  The keyboard is nicely layed out with easy access to popular keys and the keys themselves have a precise click with a soft motion.  Windows XP Home Edition is included as the operating system.  I would have liked to see Pro come installed but beggers can't be choosers (However, I did install XP Professional once I got the laptop).  The software bundle isn't all that impressive, nothing worth noting (software bundles usually never are that impressive).  The only downfall to the 2435-S255 is that it doesn't include any PS/2 serial ports or a 3.5" floppy drive, however, an external floppy drive (USB) can be purchased from Toshiba for around $100.  More and more laptops constructed these days don't include a 3.5" floppy drive because they're becoming obsolete, they add a lot of weight to the laptop, they limit expansion capabilities, and a CD-RW drive can handle the same job as a floppy drive.  I didn't really consider this a loss.  You can't go wrong with this laptop, it comes with the Toshiba name and reputation...  This is one of the most popular laptops on the market right now.  If you were to shop with Dell and include all the features mentioned above you would be easily spending over $2,000.  Dell has a tendancy to charge a fortune for 512 MB of RAM.  I work with Dell laptops on a daily basis as part of my job and I've noticed that they aren't constructed too well (the screen housings come apart at times) and the combined CD-RW/DVD drive acts up at times and won't read DVDs.  Also, Dell laptops aren't too attractive, very bland in design.  Get this Toshiba and you'll be more than happy with your choice.
I have this model for 4 years. I never need to use my desktop any more. With 2.4 GHz P4, I am having hard time finding any thing new in the market to replace this laptop.There is only one bad thing about it: The fan intake is at the bottom.
If you do your research, you'll probably come to the same conclusion I did and pick this very impressive machine.  It boasts all the speed and capablilities I was searching for including a 533Mhz FSB and 512MB Ram.  You put these together with a P4 2.4GHz and thats one super speedy notebote.What really makes the difference though is its ability to stay coooool. Check out its bottom side fans.  This computer will actually be cool to the touch when in use, I liked that.  You just can't expect it to stay cool having it sit directly on your comforter while you are snuggled in bed.At first glance I almost passed by the Toshibas, because I was looking for something more in the touchpad.  Upon further investigation, I learn that the touchpad is easily configured for scrolling.  I had originally thought that the scroll buttons would be necessary, but they aren't.The Toshiba is easily networked with the Microsoft 802b system.  I wouldn't wait on setting up the wireless network for your notebook, it pays for itself in the end.  I enjoy unplugging my computer and moving it from the bedroom to the living room on a whim, never skipping a beat.  I should mention an example of its use.  I loaded up Dungeon Siege, a microsoft game, and hosted a network game over the wireless network and it never faultered.  All from the comfort of my bed.A side note, I bought this one after having a terrible ordering experience with a comparible Gateway notebook.  At any rate, you can't beat it for the price given its abilities.
I was looking for a laptop to replace my antiquated desktop. This machine fits the bill perfectly.- Fast 2.4GHz Pentium 4 with 533MHz FSB. I dont need a mobile pentium 4 because I would typically use the machine where there would be an electrical outlet (i'm NOT a frequent traveller). I could have gone for an AMD laptop - but they are frequently in low end configurations. Beware of celeron laptops - those are ultra low end machines.- Plenty of RAM (512 MB), beware of DELL stuff that sells 128MB or 256MB and charges you a fortune for 512.- Plenty of HDD (40GB)- USB 2.0! yes, this one comes with USB 2.0, which is very hard to find amongst the HPs and DELLs of the day, that are trying to sell you machines that would be obsolete in three months.- DVD/CDRW combo drive, beware of any machine that offers less than this. The DELLs of this world would try to sell you a machine with two drives, one for DVD and one for CDRW- nVidia Graphics! I was considering a sharp GP22W notebook until I read an amazon.com review which said the poor SiS graphics card was limiting smooth DVD playback.Why did I choose a laptop as my primary computer:- less noisy compared to a desktop- less bulky, so I can use it in any room.- less pricey! With my standards, I would not have settled for anything less than a small form factor PC with LCD montior (see gamepc.com for some excellent models), but and equivalent configuration there would have been more expensive than this laptop!
Since I'm going back to College this fall, I decided to get a new laptop.  Since I'm a geek, I decided it had to be a good laptop.  I had originally focused on the Dell Insprion 8500 with its 15.4" wide screen but after reading several complaints on DellTalk about the quality of the keyboard I decided to keep looking.  I then focused on a Toshiba 2455-S305 ... The keyboard is 2nd only to IBM Thinkpad keyboards which IMO are the best period.  Don't be fooled by the translucent keyboard.  You might think it is a little cheap looking but it is actually quite solid.  The keys have good travel and the chassis is rock solid (unlike the Inspiron 8500).  I'm a big guy (6'2" 200lbs) but this keyboard was no problem for my larger hands.  My wife (5'3" 117lbs) felt the keyboard wasn't a bad size but she of course would like a smaller one.  The touchpad isn't bad but I feel they should clearly mark the scroll bars on the bottom and right of the pad.  HP puts a small ridge on their Touchpad so you can feel the boarders of the pointer area.  That, IMO, is the standard to judge all others.  Still, a small laptop mouse is the way to go with all laptops IMO.Audio and video are somewhat of a mixed bag but are very acceptable.  Audio features Harman/Kardon speakers which are the best I've heard on any laptop to date.  I listen to a lot of Jazz and I have to credit this laptop for allowing me to hear Harry Connick Jr with the best quality you can get from such small speakers.  On the other hand the video could be better.  Don't get me wrong, the Nvidia 420 card is excellent and is even handling Ghost Recon pretty well but I would have perferred a higher resolution than 1024x768.  That should be the low end resolution on a laptop with a 15" screen.  However, I compensated a little by using smaller icon and 8 point fonts.  I have 20/15 vision thanks to LASIK so smaller is just fine for me.There is a wealth of odds and ends on this laptop that would make any Dell green with envy.  The Dell 5100 and 1100 laptops don't even have parallel ports.  The big pluses for the S255 are the SD card slot, THREE USB 2.0 ports, and a 4 wire IEEE1394 connector.  Remember, a 4 wire 1394 port doesn't supply power to anything you connect to it, so devices you buy for this must have their own external power supply.  This isn't a biggie since most people are connecting video or digital cameras which have their own power anyways.  I only wish they had a Serial port because I need one to work on my router and firewall on occasion.  This too isn't a biggie since I purchased a USB to Serial adapter.All in all I rate this an excellent laptop.  It's a good solid buy ...
Read reviews of the Satellite 5100 series.  There are more of them and they are relevant to this machine.I chose the 2435 over the 5105 because it is faster.  The lower resolution screen is not a problem.  I need prescription lenses to see my other computers and this one works with my usual bifocals.  With the right drivers, the screen is very sharp.  Not having the Mobile Pentium is not a problem since the battery life is as claimed and the computer runs cool.The touchpad is awful.  The buttons have terrible action and are in the wrong place and will stress your forearm.  I ordered a mouse.  I have repetitive stress injury and this toucpad hurts. But a touchpad is not a reason to reject a computer.The parallel, USB, line in, earphone out, PCMCIA, network, and modem connections all work with a wide range of my stuff.  I use a USB/SCSI adapter for my legacy SCSI stuff (Scanner, ZIP, Jaz).  I can't tell you about the other holes since I have nothing to plug in them.The speakers are ok but laptop quality.  The CD and CDRW work fine.  I haven't used the DVD yet and may not use it ever.The keyboard is good for me.  The keys have a medium travel, soft action, definite snap, and crisp feel.  I'm a key banger so the clack of the keys is just about right for me.I installed Win2k immediately.  I downloaded the drivers from the Toshiba website and did the full install without hitch.  One critical USB driver was missing.  I attached the device, asked for a remote driver install, and the right driver was found on the Microsoft site.  I wish Toshiba had included this driver.  Installation of Win2k and other stuff takes a day and needs a guru.The battery life is as billed.  The power software seems to work.  Hibernate and switchoff work, but I have not got standby to work yet.  The computer goes into standby ok. When the button is pushed to bring it out, it comes on then switches off.  Switchon again then leads to a new boot.As a laptop some help is needed.  Two fans on the bottom suck air in but are plugged with the computer on a lap. I cut a small board to hold the machine on my lap.  Before the board, I ran it for a couple weeks and the case stays cool, but I am not a trusting sole and Toshiba put those fans there for a reason. Both fans are quieter than the one on my previous laptop and run less frequently.Carry weight is critical in a laptop.  With everything loaded to go (including the board) this is the lightest laptop I have owned.  Certainly it is much lighter than my daughter's Dell 8200 which also is a great machine.  However, the 2435 is an all-in-one and that means it is not the lightest laptop around.  Most superlight folks I know carry so many extras they are heavier than I am when loaded.The 2435 worked right out of the box.  Win2k went on flawlessly. It is the fastest machine I currently use.  I expect it will go about 5 years, just like my previous three laptops.  One was carried all over the world for a year.  And the 2435 is the second Toshiba I've owned.  I have owned the T1100, a generic, and a Compaq Presario 1236.  All three were used until they died from my use ... about 5 years each. They all received a huge amount of travel and wear.I like this machine.  I recommend it.
I bought this laptop (my first) two weeks ago after several weeks of research.  I read all of the Amazon[.com] reviews about this laptop and several others.  I also checked with Consumer Reports and several computer information websites.  I feel I made a well-informed desicion.  This laptop was purchased as a replacement to my desktop.  From the moment I removed it from the box and plugged it in, I have been extremely pleased.  I work from home as a bookkeeper and this laptop handles all of my programs flawlessly.  Unlike a previous reviewer, I have never had a problem with the modem.  In fact, I do not have one single complaint or dislike.  I would highly recommend this laptop to anyone in the market for one.
I am very impressed with this notebook.  I purchased it as a replacement for our desktop and so far it was an excellent trade.  It is fast and I was able to load all my graphics and design programs need for our business as well as keep our financial records in order with speed and accuracy.  Life in Alaska deems that when we travel it is usually for 4 hours or more, the DVD player is a wonderful addition to our journey.  The battery life is as stated.  Overall you cannot beat this notebook for the price, with Toshiba's reputation for quality  it is a wonderful buy.
I'm very pleased with this notebook. Excellent DVD playing, and very nice sound quality. For those of you who like using your laptop to watch DVDs and listen to music, you'll be pleased with the results of this one. Good processing speed. Isn't exactly a P4, but is enough for daily tasks such as word processing, e-mail, internet, etc. Oh, a nice extra that this comes with is the very cool, very unique blue lights at the top of the keyboard and on the power button and the task bar down at the bottom. Better than a Mac design..much.. Overall, this is a good notebook and worth buying.
I have had absolutely no problems with this. Even though it's XP. :) Good hard processing speed, etc. And I can't tell you the number of people who've come up to me and admired the cool blue lights at the top edge of the keyboard. Very cool looking. Not quite Apple design but pretty good-lookin' for a Windows machine.
Great value.  Excellent support from Hp on a question I had regarding hooking up the portable to a TV to watch a DVD.  The battery life improves after the initial cycles.  Excellent machine for the price. I replaced my desktop with this machine and went wireless with a microsoft broad band network card.  The only complaint I have is that the cd/dvd rom drive should &quot;pull in&quot; the disc like a car audio cd does.
As a college student, this laptop is a dream. I look at it and think about how this little package outpowers my desktop by far. And the best part: YOU DON'T NEED A DESK! I can do so much and it cost so little. With out a doubt, you get your money's worth. All my friends are jealous because of all the features I got and I paid WAY less than they did. I especially love the ability to turn the mouse pad off with a simple click so that i don't accidently scroll around and the scroll pad is a whiz on the net.
I picked this machine up after my brand new toshiba notebook died twice in a month. I am happy to say I have never been so impressed with a laptop. It is lightweight and full-featured. The touchpad is so much better than competitors. The screen is big and bright and crystal clear for DVD playback. The lack of a floppy drive is easily overlooked when you use the fast CDRW/DVD combo drive with a good rewritable disk. As a student this machine travels everywhere I go. My only complaint is that the volume buttons on the side are too small and seem fragile. It's not a big deal as there are function keys for volume control on the keyboard. In short, if you are looking for the best bang for the buck, and a good solid laptop, buy this machine. HP has earned my business..
I purchased this laptop about two weeks ago.  I am very impressed.  I haven't touched my desktop PC since I got the laptop.  I truely replaced my desktop.  The latest games run very smoothly on this machine.  Also, video editing works great, probably one of the first laptops I would recomend video editing on.  The DVD burner is amazing.  There a few laptops that come with the dvd burner.  This is truely one of the large purchases I have made that I didn't have buyers remorse on.
I got this notebook June 1st. It is great. It is rather large and heavy, but this is due to the 15 inch screen. THis large screen is ideal for watching DVD's and playing games. It is a good computer over all. The main problems is that the Microsoft mouse that I have doesn't work as plug-and-play 40% of the time. This is the only accesory that does this so I think that that is a mouse problem. The other problem is that the built in CD palyer controls don't work. I think it's beacuse the manual is VERY vague on the subject. I don't no why, but mine has a nVIDA GeForce4 32MB graphics card. This was the only laptop in CompUSA to have a card greater then 16 MB.
I bought this laptop mainly to use at home, but in different rooms. Occasionally however I take it at work or abroad. Although it is not as light and slim as proper mobile units I have seen, it seems more strong and capable of enduring some hard times.Pros: 2.4Ghz Intel Pentium 4 (not mobile/celeron)533 Mhz FSBSmart Digital slotDVD-R/RWInfra Red60 Gb HardiskWell over 3 hours autonomy in 'Long Life' battery modeToshiba reliability/reputationCons: No Flobby Drive (Had to buy a USB one from Iomega - although I hate those diskettes.)No built-in 802.11 wireless, although it is prepared to take one. I prefered a Linksys Wireless-G pc card, which I may remove and use on another system with ease.If I may suggest another laptop which has better features, have a look at the Fujitsu N-Series. It has floppy and wireless built in.
This is an awesome system. I purchased it on a great deal and have been using it regularly for about 2 weeks. The pluses include: fantastic keyboard, FAST system, great battery life (3+ hours, great for a desktop chip), 60gb HDD, S-video out, dedicated video memory (most feature shared), large bright display ... 533mhz system bus, DVD burner, V92 modem, intergrated ethernet, etc. Minuses: documentation is a little scant especially regarding the DVD drive, some keys are oddly placed (I am getting used to that though), if you use floppies there is not built in drive, if WiFi is your thing it is not included, and it is heavy (not a concern for me). Believe me, this system is fast and fully featured. If you don't have to travel much with it, buy it, you may not need your desktop system! Enjoy.
As far as the first review is concerned, DEFECTIVES happen!  This is a great unit, buy HP with confidence, they are a great company that supports their products!
Don't beware, it is backwards compatible with USB 1!
This reader is great!! It treats each flash card as its own drive and is very fast!! You can use it to move files from one card to another.  Yes!!!!  It is backwards compatible with usb 1.1 . I have Windows XP and it will warn you that you are using a high speed device in a low speed port, but you can close the message and it works perfectly fine. ( Just slower than the 2.0 port). It's real convenient having a 6 in 1 card reader thats fast and fits in your pocket.
Well, it does exactly what it's supposed to do - mount a projector from the ceiling.Very easy to install and fine-tune.Excellent purchase for me - 'twas the last step in finishing my theater.
i don't know how many backpacks and satchels i've gone through since purchasing a laptop. the LOWEPRO EX1300 is the best thing i've come across. smart pockets, awesome construction and very comfortable. what more do you need? a good price of course! compared to the higher priced bags out there, this backpack smoke them in the dust. a very good and wise investment. you won't be disappointed!
I was very, very wary of purchasing this computer due to the claims of excessive fan noise described here on Amazon.  However, after checking it out at the store thoroughly, I found the fan noise to be no big deal and went ahead with my purchase.The fan is loudest when changing rpms, and for a few moments it can be pretty annoying.  However I found the fan noise overall to be pretty negligible.  The CD/DVD rom drive, I found could be much, much louder though, especially when combined with the fan.  This was, to my suprise, more of am issue when using cds and cd-roms than with DVDs, which ran relatively quietly.Conclusion:  The fan makes a cooling-fan sound.  If you are used to laptops that do not have fans (some macs, for example), or completely silent ones, this may be an issue.  Under normal operation (not in 'silent' mode) I found the grz610 fan noise to be very tolerable and not a disturbance to those around me.Otherwise:Performance: Very good.  However, I think that this system will benefit from the addition of 256MB RAM under windows XP.Design:  Large - nice, big screen, but this laptop did not fit into my carrying sleeve, so buy a big one.  Heavy - this is a beefy laptop, and if you are toting the AC adapter as well, you will definitely be feeling it.Software extras:  The usual bunch of bundled software which I ritualistically delete and replace with professional versions.Other:  I thought the speakers actually sounded pretty good for a laptop.Overall satisfaction:  Very good. I'd give it 4.5 stars if they would let me, but it is better than 4, so I give it a 5.
This is the second laptop I bought. I had a wonderful experience with this laptop, and no problem with it at all! I don't have an overheating problem with it and I don't have a fan problem with it. The fan just gets a bit louder when I load an application that uses a lot of memory or CPU. It is really fast and I upgraded the ram to 1 GB. It's perfect for anything!
wow this notebook is great,its fast and is the best thing i got
I have had my Sony GRZ630 for about 1 month now.  I am more and more pleased and impressed with it every day.  This laptop's power and speed is certainly comparable to most of today's desktops.I was debating between a Dell Laptop and a Sony Vaio.  I wanted desktop performance since portability is not that big of an issue for me.  This laptop weighs in at 7.5 lbs not including the large power adapter.  I think the total weight with all my accessories (power adapter, trackball mouse, portable surge portector, and wireless pc card) and the laptop combined is about 10 lbs.  Yes, that's pretty heavy to carry around on foot.  BUT I don't mind carrying the weight from my house to my car, from my car to work.  I do carry my laptop to work everyday.  The weight has yet to bother me.  I would not recommend this laptop for people who go to work on foot.  However, if you commute to work via a car, carrying this for 20 feet at a time is certainly not bad at all.The little touches that Sony added for the laptop make this machine that much more superior than others.  I compared the GRZ630 to my friend's Dell.1. Sony has added flaps on the PCMCIA slots.  When no cards are inserted, the flap protects the ports.  Dell left the PCMCIA slots wide open.2. Sony has a cover for the monitor and parallel ports while Dell again left those ports wide open for dust and what have you.3. This laptop has 3 USB ports instead of the normal 2 USB ports for most laptops.4. Memory stick and iLink abilities are awesome.  If you have a Sony digital camera, you will fall in love with the memory slot on the laptop.  Not only can you transfer your photos from your camera to laptop quickly without wires, you can also use your existing memory sticks as extra storage.5. the pegs to raise the laptop for better cooling.  not many laptops include this much needed feature.This machine's processing speed and included memeory more than serves the needs of having multiple resource hungry applications opened at once.  I am a web designer.  I can have my Photoshop, Flash MX, Dreamweaver, FTP manager, messengers, and outlook express all opened at once without any decrease in performance.  Now that is power!  The 32 mb video card is great.  I often hook up my 19 inch Trinitron monitor to the laptop for duel monitor usage.  I can display both screens at 1024 by 768 at 32 bit color at the same time without any problems what so ever.In short, if you are looking for a desktop replacement, this is the laptop for you.  At 7.5 lbs, it is not truly mobile, but it is portable.  But hey, this one has the DVD/CD-Burner combo drive, P-4 2.4 ghz processor, 512 mb of ram, 32 mb radeon video card and a 15 inch screen.  I doubt you can find this spec in any laptop weighing under 4.7 lbs (which qualifies as mobile in my view) at this price.The only complaint I have for the laptop is that the USB ports are 1.1 instead of 2.0.  But the firewire port makes up for the lack of 2.0 USB ports.
I bought an HP Pavillion zt1230, and had so many performance and hardware issues that I bought this Sony just 4 months later! I use it mostly at home, and take it with me on vacation: I'm not someone who travels constantly with it for work. I surf the Web with it, do graphics and web design, play video games, and edit home photos. Even while running several large graphics programs at once, the memory is never a problem, and it handles my husband's fastest video games like Warcraft III. With the HP, his game is jerky, and there wasn't enough memory for me to use Front Page and Photo Shop at the same time.It's extremely sturdy, whereas the HP was not. I have three children, ages 11, 2 and 5 months, and a husband who thinks that banging on the buttons will make it work faster! My HP had three different keys pop off, and the mouse USB port busted the first week. This Sony has been dropped, banged on and spit up in (my baby actually spit up all over the keys without hurting it).The battery life isn't what it claims to be, but then none of them are, are they?! Mine lasts about 1.5 hours, and charges back up quickly.The large screen on this is a dream! I will say that this is a large laptop, and might not be the best choice if you travel constantly with it strapped to your back. It's large, much heavier than my HP, and the power supply for it is huge! However, I think that part of the reason it weighs more than the HP is because it's built much more solidly. It still fits into my backpack-style laptop bag easily, and the size and weight aren't a problem in the least for my needs.The processor on this thing is a screamer! I've never had a computer boot up and shut down as fast as this one in my life! And for once I finally have a computer that can actually let me see the benefits of having Broadband Internet-my other 3 computers didn't let me see much improvement in speed.The keyboard is nicely laid out, with nice, clicky buttons.The touchpad is nice, because it's not as freakishly sensitive as my other one was; the HP, if you even brushed against it in the slightest, it would register as a mouse left-click. I also like the fact that this has an ACTUAL scroll bar at the bottom, instead of a "touchpad scrollbar". It's much easier to use when my husband steals my laptop mouse than the other one was.My favorite feature about this laptop has been the Memory Stick drive! I have both a Sony digital still camera and a Sony digital video camera, and when I want to load photos and mpegs onto my computer, I just pop the stick into the side of it: No cords, nothing! The fact that it's that convenient now motivates me to do it more often than I was before.If I had to find a drawback to this computer, I'd say it's the fan. There's an intake vent underneath,in the middle, and it's flush with the bottom of the computer, so it occassionally overheats. Using the two little elevating pegs on the underside in the back raises it up a smidge and keeps this from happening.Overall, if you want quality, power, and versatility, I just don't see how you can beat this without going into the ..range. I paid dearly for straying from Sony with that last laptop, and it won't happen again!
The only reason why this particular computer overheats so often is a design flaw. Without getting too techincal, air particles like dust or even pet hair can accumulate inside your laptop and prevent the heat sink from cooling off. This causes your computer to overheat. Since this is easily fixable, it should not be an issue. All you have to do is get someone to spray air into your computer through the fan hole in the back (you can even do it yourself with a can of air). Just make sure you do it outside, because I guarantee that a lot of stuff will come flying out! I am speaking from experience--I was really peeved when my computer started to overheat andthe fan was really loud and turn off randomly less than a year after I bought it, but when I got it aired out it went back to normal. So don't listen to these other people! They just didn't know that their computers were dirty!
I bought my grz630 7 months ago and never experienced a single problem with it. I was running some perfomance tests on it, i played Unreal and was running a bunch of programs at the same time for several hours (photoshop, winamp, 5 windows of IE), and it NEVER crashed!Make shure you choose "perfomance", not "quiet" thermal control strategy at the Power Panel, because if you choose quiet mode, the CPU fan will run twice slower and the system may shut down while perfoming tasks like 3D games or Corel Draw. Yes, it gets hot after 2-3 hours of running, but not hotter than my cousins Toshiba. The only drawback is it has old USB ports, but not a big deal, you can get a PCMCIA card with 2-3 of those ports for around 20 bucks.Highly recommended.
I must tell you this laptop works like a desktop!!  Very impressed and happy I purchased this laptop!I've been using for about 2 months and no complaints so far!Never under estimate the power of laptop!!!
I just got this computer recently and so far I am very impressed. It's much faster than my desktop, which has nearly the same specs. It can run any application I throw at it, from Adobe Photoshop 7 to Warcraft III to Mechwarrior Mercenaries. It can do anything, and get it done fast. It's decently sized too, not too big...not too small...and it's fairly light at 6.9 LBS. I would definitely recommend this laptop to anyone searching for a new portable powerhouse.
My only problem has been with XP, the computer is running fine. Yes, it does get hot and keeping it on the laptop over twenty minutes is too long. Much better than the 4 laptops I had before. Good buy especially with the BestBuy rebate.
I bought this last month and it's worth it, games runs smooth, great performance, good sound, it has a built in memory stick. To tell you honestly this monster runs like a desktop! it never feels like your using a notebook. Handles many application easily!! It is true, the fan is kinda noisy but the heck with that, that only means your vaio is powerful!!0
I'm acitive in several game modding teams designing and developing modifications, add-ons, or plug-ins for some of the newer 3d games on the market. To keep up with my work I wanted a laptop suitable to work on and be able to enjoy my results. Finding actual statistics on this laptop proved to be evasive. I managed to find reviews for newer/higher end equipment which struck a bad finger at it performance making the lower end hardware seem less than desirable. I decided to take a chance and stick with the Vaio. My deciding factor was it's ability to run 3D applications, which I couldn't find any data on the GRZ series. I've had my Vaio for almost a month now and since then have updated the video drivers, which show only a slight increase in D3D/OpenGL performance.Here's my stats for 3d Mark2001SE. Ran as: 1024/768 32bit. Antialliasing: none. Frame Buffer: Double. Texture Format: compressed. Z-Buffer Depth: 24 bit. D3D Pure Hardware T&amp;L.AC Power=3805 marks. On Batteries: 3153 marks(800/600 16bit: AC=5050. Batt: 3451)The latest Unreal Engine Benchmark (build 2206)D3D 1024/768 32bit. Texture Detail: Ultra High. Character Detail: Highest. World Detail: Highest. Pyhsics Detail: High. Detail Textures: On. Character Shadows: On. Dynamic Ligting: On. Projectors: On. Decals: On. Decal Stay: High. Coronas: On. Foliage: On.AC Power= Flyby: 35.698811. Botmatch: 22.168877. Batteries= Flyby: 35.669235. Botmatch: 19.710163(800/600: AC=Flyby: 53.761398 Botmatch: 28.581745. Batteries=Flyby: 53.254200 Botmatch: 21.48539)I've heard many complaints about loud fans but when you take into consideration the kind of hardware that's in here an educated consumer can easily see the reason behind this. I've also heard of noticably slower speeds while running off of batteries; the stats speak for themselves. Yes they are lower, but again it's to be expected. Actually noticing a differnce will be hard to do unless multiedia calibre 3d editing/rendering is taking place.In summary I was expecting to get a machine capable of barely running my apps/games and what I got was a laptop better than most of my associates desktops. My only complaint is battery life, which is to be expected again considering the remaining hardware.
I bought my PCG-GRZ660 about 6 months ago, and I'm delighted with it. It has many qualities not unusual in a laptop twice its price, and yet it still manages to come in at under a grand.I'd always wanted a laptop computer, and when I finally had the money to buy one, Sony was my brand of choice. They're always styled nicely, and previous experience with other Sony products has led me to believe that Sony produce well-built, high-quality items. I wasn't disappointed either.On opening the box, I found the laptop itself (duh), the mains adapter/charger and an 'egg box' containing assorted cables, CDs and manuals. The laptop was packaged very securely, minimising the risk of damage in shipping.Once I'd unpacked the laptop and plugged it in, I powered up. First I had to go through the final bits of Windows XP Home setup, entering the required personal information and accepting the license agreement, and then I was in. I was presented with a very attractive desktop wallpaper and icons for many programs. One of the nice things about this laptop is the amount of bundled software.First thing I did was register the laptop, followed shortly by updating the BIOS. This was a complete cinch; all I had to do was download a file and it makes a boot disk. Insert the disk and restart and everything is done automatically.The 256MB RAM is enough for most things, and runs Windows XP quite comfortably.The quoted battery life is a little on the generous side; however, I can get about 3 hours out of a single charge, which isn't bad at all.The 1GHz Duron CPU has quite a bit of grunt when throttled all the way up, but PowerNow! allows it to throttle right back to 500MHz when it's not in use, doing a fair bit to conserve battery life.The 10GB hard drive fitted to the laptop is an IBM model, and works nicely to save power when combined with the power management utility from IBM's own website, which uses performance controls to reduce power consumption when on battery, but boost performance on mains power.The on-board ATi 8MB graphics have caused a few crashes, but nothing major. Driver updates for this card seem to be nonexistant, but I don't think that's too much of a problem.Sound is quite good for the size of the speakers; it uses the on-board VIA AC97 codec to provide audio, which is perfectly adequate for the machine's intended role.The keyboard is fine for extended typing sessions, and the trackpad is perfectly usable.My only real gripe with the laptop is the on-board modem. It's not the best, and it's not overly reliable. Having said that, what more can be expected from a soft-modem? Also of minor irritation to me is the fact that the socket for the on-board NIC (which is also very good) is behind the flap on the back, so when you're connected to a LAN you have to have the flap down. However, both of these are minor when compared to the overall standard of the laptop.
I have owned and used over ten laptops and the Sony Vaio is still my favorite. A lot of people complain about heat problems...yes this is true and I can explain why.The cooling fan and cooling fan airduct that keeps the CPU cool is prone to collect dust and needs to be clean. This is true with all laptops but since the Sony is running a fast CPU, it need all the cooling power it can get.Using a can of compressed air every six months to blow out the dust will keep your laptop cool and running great !Take my word...buy a Sony Laptop and you will be amazed with the speed and reliability !!!
PCG-GRZ660 still going strong for everyday web surfing and personal finance, attributable to two things:1. Cooling pad (choose one big enough with 2 fans)2. Upgrade memory to 1 Gb (2009) - makes a big difference in terms of response (and McAfee anti-virus a memory hog)Built feels solid when compared to two other Windows XP and 7 laptops that we have purchased more recently. Match Apple's PowerBook and MacBook that we also use.
It's huge, heavy with mediocre battery life, but still, the pros outweigh the cons.The monitor is the best I've ever seen in a laptop, its wonderful. The 3d graphics accelorator is adequate, though if you're a hardcore gamer you might look at a high end toshiba instead, or hey, just buy a desktop.The ports are well laid out and there is a little Memory Stick card slot located on the left side above the keyboard - a big plus if you have the need for such a thing. The door on the back which covers the external monitor port, firewire, a/v out jack, parrellel port (etc) is plastic and not easy to just reach around and open.The hard drive is very quiet as is the cdr/dvd drive even when burning a CD. The speakers are crappy, but pretty good for a laptop, clear nice treble, no base at all. They're okay for watching a movie in an absolutely quiet room with amazing accoustics - otherwise they're too quiet. Also there isn't a volume dial, you have to adjust it either using the volume in the systray or by hitting the fn key and f4 kinda silly when a knob woulda been a lot better.No floopy drive (so what), and only one optical drive (the CDR/DVD occupies it). The CDR is pretty good (24x), and it comes with sonicstage a cool looking program that will confuse the hell out of you with its stupid menus and mystery meat buttons. A friend recomended Roxio easy cd creator 5 but it couldn't recognize the burner even after an update (music match jukebox had no problem at all).The computer comes loaded with Windows XP home edition. Which to my suprise is not the horror that people claim it is. Granted, it looks like it was made by fisher price but that can be fixed.The keyboard is a little different then the average laptop, it has more tactile feedback - some people might say it's a little noisy, but I like being able to tell when I've hit a key.Basically if you're looking for a decent desktop in a laptop body this is it. I've been really pleased with it so far.--UpdateAfter about three and half months (or so) of use I experienced a problem with the dvd-cdr combo drive - the dvd drive stopped working.  I contacted tech. support, they walked me through several things (all of which I had tried already).  Tech support is based entirely out of India, so when you call you'll get someone with a heavy accent.  When it was determined that this was a serious problem I was transfered to an American sounding guy that had kind've an attitude who proceeded to give me a lecture about only installing XP approved software (even though I hadn't installed anything suspect).  After wiping the hard drive and restoring it to factory condition I called them back and let them know what was up, they finally decided it was a hardware failure and sent me a box (fed ex overnight, prepaid).  I sent out the box on a friday and got my machine back on the following wednesday, no charge for repairs.  Good service, not the best attitude.Despite this experience, I'm still very pleased with this computer.  Its preformed very well, only a few crashes (mostly winamp related), excellent system.
If you plan to use this computer as a critical piece of hardware, please be advised there are no on-site repairs nor local service centers outside of Southern California. Moreover, their tech support leaves something to be desired.The new Sony GRX series laptops truly epitomize the concept of desktop replacement. While my primary motivation for finding a replacement for my Dell Inspiron 8000 was merely to find a laptop with tolerable build quality, I have been rather impressed with the total package offered by the VAIO GRX. The Inspirons have such incredibly flimsy construction that the creaking and cracking leave the user wondering if the product is going to fall apart in your hands. Hence, I sought a laptop with titanium, magnesium, or composite construction. After *extensive* research, the VAIO appears to be the best construction obtainable for a laptop that has a UXGA screen, which reaches an incredible 16.1 inches on the GRX.This 16.1 inch UXGA (1600 x 1200) screen will be the primary draw for most buyers. For those condemned to flying coach (excl American) think again. This laptop is 10.5" deep and 14" wide. Also, there aren't many fully-padded laptop bags that accommodate this size laptop. FYI, Targus makes two, the CL55 and CL90.I was pleasantly surprised when I first opened the package at a retailer in suburban Chicago as I hadn't received mine yet. The shell is very sturdy despite having a large footprint with minimal thickness. I have been told that magnesium is used in the shell, but this hasn't been substantiated. Clearly, however, it is better constructed than offerings by Dell, HP, IBM, or Compaq. Apple might be able to edge it out in design quality, but Sony put a great of thought into the shell design.Apart from the sturdiness, there some nice design touches. First, the various ports are in the correct locations and attractively hidden. For example, there are three USB ports, which are located on left, back, and right (think digital camera, printer, and mouse). Unlike the Inspiron (sorry Dell) the Ethernet plug is not located at the right, which interferes with mouse usage, but in the back. The scroll wheel with Back navigation button is nice but doesn't approach the performance enhancement of the MS Office keyboard. I would suggest that the diameter should be a bit larger to improve traction.As far as performance, it appears visibly faster than the only other valid unscientific comparison, which is my personal experience with a 1 GHz Dell. This is most likely a result of the 1.6 GHz P4 and DDR memory. At this point, I still don't know what the drive specs are as that information is not available.The sales process leaves something to be desired. The primary shortcoming is the lack of detailed information on various components, such as the drive seek time. There were typographical errors on their web site, such as one indicating that the screen was 1600 x 1400 instead of the proper 1600 x 1200. The configurator wasn't operational for the initial first weeks. After which it was sluggish and offered only a few options.hen dealing with the sales staff, it was either hit or miss. One woman was astonishingly rude, which was a shock in my opinion as I was purchasing a premium product.One major disappointment with the GRX series is the lack of integrated 802.11 b wireless internet. I am assuming that there were some design issues that prevented incorporation of 802.11 b. Another issue perhaps is that Sony, along with other vendors, is now offering 802.11a at 5 Ghz. Realistically, though, this shouldn't be an option as the ubiquity of wireless Internet that most junkies hope for will entrench 802.11 b.Overall, it is a fantastic premium laptop, albeit a bit large.
The best notebook tha I ever had!!
I had been looking for a laptop for 6 months. There are MANY options out there which is good, but makes it harder to decide. Well if you are a person like me that needs REAL mobility and NOT a desktop replacement (since I already got a desktop) this computer will fit your needs. Why? First of all, it is small but not too much (12.1&quot; screen). IT is FAST, meaning it has the same options that other computers have but in a smaller version. It weights about 4.4lbs, meaning that I am able to carry it in my back pack EVERY day and I havent had a back pain ever. I work a lot with computers and the difference between 2.0 to 1.8mhz processor is not noticeable.This might not be your option if you have BIG fingers, since the keyboard is sort of tiny. I love the memory stick slot, 2 usb ports, 1 PCMCIA port (get the sony wireless card if you can)The battery last about 2 hours, but I use AC almost always anyways. The neoprene carrying case is amazing even if you have another case, it protects the laptop so much.Good luckAlex
The P4 2.4B processor is really a 2.0Ghz processor in disguise.  Because of the improved chipset, Intel sells it as a "2.4 Ghz" processor, I guess kind of like how AMD names their processors (i.e., "1800+", "2400+", etc.)The RZ22G is designed to be a digital A/V (audio video) powerhorse, and it shines.  The Sony DVD-R/RW/+R/RW burner (manufactured in Malaysia) is well integrated into the system, and you can use the Click-to-DVD program to burn your home-made DVDs quickly and painlessly.  It also comes with Adobe Premiere LE which allows you to edit video clips.  BTW, you can hook up MiniDV camcorders *as well as* RCA-connector analog devices, like 8mm camcorders, VCRs, etc.  The included capture board can digitize the analog video.[Sidenote: Most Sony MiniDV camcorders come with built-in digitizers so you can always use them as a conduit to capture videos from analog devices.]The number of included ports is impressive.  There are six USB 2.0 high-speed ports, with two in the front and four in the back.  There are two IEEE 1394 ports, one 4-pin i.Link in the front and one 6-in regular IEEE 1394 in the back.  You also get PS/2 mouse and keyboard ports as well as serial and parallel ports.  Pretty much everything you need!  The inclusion of MemoryStick slot and floppy drive (take note, Dell!) makes this a very complete system in terms of inputting information.I always thought Sony was expensive, but they've been aggressively pricing their VAIO computers and they now represent pretty good values.  You can get a Dell for cheaper, but not when you consider what Sony gives you: IEEE 1394, tons and tons of software, a large hard drive, a dual-format ("minus" and "plus") fast DVD burner.  I've done a lot of configuration comparisons, and I think the RZ-series totally beats Dell and HP in terms of overall value.
I'm very pleased so far with this computer. You could easily spend a few hundred dollars more outfitting a stripped down Compaq or HP with the hardware and software extras that this one comes with. The features I like the most are the built-in cable TV tuner (a real space saver), and the ability to hook up to my analog camcorder (I haven&#65533;t gone digital yet + I have tons of 8 mm tapes that I need to save before they crumble to oblivion). I've tried putting together a simple DVD from one of my tapes using Sony's Click to DVD software and everything's worked flawlessly. Although it is true that Click to DVD feature set is very basic, you do have an option to jazz up your video clips beforehand in Adobe Premier, the LE version of which comes preloaded on the machine .... ...
I'm definately a computer fanatic, I build my desktops computers myself because I can never find a desktop that has exactly what I want.  This is my second notebook, I've owned it for just two days and I'm very impressed.  Compared with my previous notebook (brand of my previous notebook will remain nameless here) it's obvious the quality construction Sony uses to build its notebooks.  VAIOs are advertised based on their stylishness, but they are also very sound, sturdy notebooks as well.  All though it's not the top of the line by today's standards, I have yet to see any lacking in performance in any of the applications I use on a regular basis, and since it comes with an Nvidia graphics chip, I'm sure it will perform admirably on the games that I play as well.The software package that came with it seems to contain more potentially useful apps than junk apps.  I can't comment on the media apps bundled yet, they'll definately take a little time to learn since they look to be packed with features, definately more robust than I had expected.The only dissapointment that I found is my new VAIO lacks a feature that was on my previous laptop: the ability to power up just the CD drive and use it as an oversized CD player.  Although this isn't a big enough minus to count against the 5 star rating.  Definately a great notebook!
Great deal for the money.  The nVidia GeForce4Go 16meg video is a step up from the integrated video chipsets most budget laptops use, enough to play Quake 3 at 1024x768 res with full detail.  The memory is easily upgradable, I added a second DIMM, both DIMM slots are unobstructed.  Sony wisely divided the HD into two partitions, which allowed me to replace the second partition with Red Hat Linux without disturbing the factory WinXP Home installation.  FYI, while I haven't been able to get power management to work under Linux, everything else that I've tried works.  The only caveat is the 8 pound weight.Note to Sony: I'd have purchased a more expensive notebook if an Athlon notebook with a larger screen, higher-end graphics chip, and what not had been available.  I DO NOT BUY INTEL CHIPS!  That said, it's probably just as well that I saved my money and went with this well-rounded desktop replacement.
I have had this computer for almost 7 years and I am still waiting for it to go bad. So far I've got more RAM memory and a bigger hard drive. Other than that this computer has been a work horse for me. I also use an external PC wireless card, I have traveled with it multiple times and nothing has gone bad with it.Sony scored big time with the components on this laptop, I use it at least 4 hrs. a day every day. With all the windows XP Service packs and newer software this computer is pretty slow but I can still run Photoshop and listen to music at the same time.Congratulations Sony for creating this high quality, long lasting computer.
I have had this system for 5 years now & have upgraded the base system in several ways:256MB RAM is now 512MB (am thinking about going to 1GB for about $15.00 investment)Added a GEFORCE 256MB Graphics cardUpgraded the HD to a 250GB drive (am  using less than 1/4 of it)Upgraded the chipset and bios drivers to most recent onesBought a 19" LCD monitor.Added a Logitech speaker system with a subwooferThis has been a great system.  I have never had a hardware problem with it, although the original HD (now in a USB case) recently crashed--except for the Microsoft XP/SP2 problems that crop up now and then (I have never had to do a Recovery, but have done many Restores).I don't do games, except for a Flight Simulator 98 and Microsoft Golf and a couple other 2D games.  Mostly I do Investments and computer research, and spend several hours/day, every day on one or other system.I also have 2 other computer systems, one is newer--a Compaq Presario SR1610NX--with more memory, one is an older laptop (Toshiba 4090XDVD--mostly used as backup when troubleshooting).If you can find a used (preferably lightly used) Pavillion 514n, buy it for about $100 or less, and do some of the upgrades, especially HD and memory, and you'll have a great deal.  Some folks are giving them away!!
I bought this monitor to replace a Viewsonic PF790 19&quot;, and I am cherishing the desk space I have regained!  I haven't noticed the difference in screen real estate as I was running that monitor at a similar resolution.  The built-in speakers are okay, but I have kept my existing external speakers. I have a TNT2-Ultra Nvidia graphics card, and after downloading the right drivers, I was able to use the full WXGA 1280x768 resolution over the VGA connection.The onscreen menus are very easy to use, and the image is always sharp and clear.  I am using it with Windows XP, and a little ClearText fine-tuning was required.I have not mounted it to a wall, but it is very simple to do as it comes with a mounting plate. The extra real estate is nice, especially for Movie Maker 2.I can't recommend this unique monitor highly enough.  This is a cheaper alternative to a similar Sony model that has all the circuitry to accept different sources, and thus makes the Sony more costly.There is another quick review at CNET of this product.
The Hp pavilion 734n works just great. I have the games Call of Duty, Battlefield 1942, GTA Vice city, Halo, Max Payne 2,Max Payne, and Grand Theft Auto 3, on it and it runs them all flawlessly. The 80 gig hard drive is awsome. It comes with a great 512 megabites of RAM. and a real good graphics card Nvidia G-force MX 420 for games and it has two disk drives one a normal one with a 40x burner and the other a DVD rom drive. The only problem with the computer is the dinky speakers. consider upgrading for better speakers
No more using my chair as a coat hanger. I can hang it on the side of my cube and not worry about it falling on the floor. Best thing for a small work space.
Well, it is THE BEST COMPUTER I EVER OWNED. I really love it. It runs fast, it is so quiet, it looks like a piece of jewelry. It runs in the default configuration (256m) faster than 2.53G PC with 1G of memory. I accomplished in one week more than in month on DELL. It comes packed with amazing software like OmniGraffle and OmniOutliner, as well as with many others.I've got piece of mind finely and can get my work flowing as it should be.And I can't see myself ever downgraded back to anything else.Here is the real multitasking! It runs for 2 month now, clean , no crashes and no reboots. Yes, sorry I did reboot once by installing some additions that required it.Really piece of technology, real thing, not bogus.I'm proud to own this one and honestly can recommend to anyone else. Sure if you have EXTREMELY HEAVY tasks and the money is not your concern, you may wish to evaluate dual machine. But for everything that I do it has an excessive power.
I absolutely love this machine.  People who say all that stuff about macs dont know what they are talking about.  Its simply imbedded into their brains.  The truth is that macs are great and truely easy to use.  This particular model is very powerful and will do anything you need from basic email and web surfing to video editing and photoshop.  I highly recommend this machine to users that are advanced or beginners.  You will love OS X as it never crashes.  This is my fourth Mac and I will never use Windows again.
Extremely happy with this machine. No excessive fan noise other than a quick turbo-blast when I restart the machine when I ahve had it on for hours at a time. Which is to be expected since with two processors it gets very hot. I've installed 4 internal hard drives (taken from my B&W G3) with no problem. The new internal drive carriers are great too. Here's a benchmark I noticed on my own for ripping MP3s: Typically rips MP3s at 17x and can do an entire CD of 12 songs in 3 1/2 minutes. My blue and white G3 would crank them out at 3-5x. All-in-all it's a great machine - I strongly recommend it...
I purchased and received a 1.25 ghz Power Mac G4 from the Apple Store Japan. Except for an issue with it not wanting to work with a ATA Raid card that operated fine in my old Quicksilver dual 1 ghz, the machine has been perfect. Since it was a &quot;mirror door&quot; series, I had steeled myself for the possibility that the noise level would be high, but I was pleasantly surprised to find it MUCH quieter than my Quicksilver -- about half as quiet, actually, based on side by side comparisons while copying files from my old machine to my new. So clearly, Apple has bent over backwards to find a reliable fix for the problems with this machine. The new G4s are super fast, not noisy at all, and sport many great features. If you've been holding out for a &quot;quieter&quot; G4 tower, this is it.
I have this computer, and I'm writing from it right now.  It is a very, very, very good computer, by far the best I've ever had.  However, there is news about Apple coming out with a new chip, better chips then the G4, and I mean coming out with these chips sometime soon.  I wish I had known this while I was getting my computer.  It's perfect if you're going to be doing professional audio/video/image work.  I'd get it with 2GB ram, and I have 2-180GB hard drives.There has been one problem I've noticed.  From time to time, the hard drive will almost lock up, and it will take it a good second or two for it to respond.  If I'm running iTunes while this happens, it stops the music from playing.  I don't know exactly what the problem is, but it's nothing that really bothers me.It is a very expensive computer, and you should only get it if you know what you're getting into.  But I'd wait until they come out with their new OS, codename panther before I got a new mac.  By then, I'm sure they'll have a better computer along to go with their new OS.  Panther will hopefully come out sometime this year, I think I heard October.I guess all technology is that way though.  The second you buy it, it gets old, and the thing you got is cheaper.  So beware that if you're getting this because it's the top of the line, well it isn't going to stay that way for long, and I'd personally wait until they come with their new chips.
I hunted for a week and could not decide where to get this machine or if I wanted the 17" Powerbook with the cool keyboard. I saw the M8814LL/A here but it said it had a 2x DVD-R and only one processor which was 1.40. Well it arrived at the estimated shipping time and it is a 1.42 with a 4x DVD-R and wow. Ever had a compute make your heart race?Now let me first tell you that I am not new to MAC but I have been involved in the PC world since 1983 and never had much to do with the MACs until I found a 233 iMac cheap and bought it for a toy. Well it became the center of my attention and I soon bought a Powerbook G4 Titanium 400. Sweet machine as well but we are here to discuss the 1.42 PowerMac Dual G4 Processors.The case is heavy, 50 pounds heavy but made very well and has easy access for making upgrades or simple maintenance. I installed another optical drive and another hard drive. The machine has 2 ATA 33 ports, 2 ATA 66 ports, 2 ATA 100 ports and room for 2 Optical drives, 2 hard drives in the back near the ATA 100 and 2 drives up front near the ATA 66 ports. It has 4 OPEN PCI slots. These are restricted to 33 Mhz but it increases the possibilities of upgrading to a new level. The Memory is easily upgraded as I dropped in another 512 meg and there is room for 2 more 512 megs for a total of 2 gigs of RAM.The machine is faster than the 400 G4 that I had been using to render my movies and photos with. So much faster that I no longer have time to go and fix my lunch. I find myself spending more time on the computer than normal but I am being more productive with my time and may actually get ahead of myself and have nothing to do but watch a movie on the Mac while playing around on the net.Virtual PC now runs Windows 98 about as fast as a 400 or 500 Mhz PC and it is quite nice to have for that software that you have had for 10 years and just can't part with.Only problem I have with the machine is that my wife and 9 year old are taking it over as she is involved in scrapbooking and photography while he just loves the cinematic features in Warcraft III on the 19" Cornea DVI LCD. I told him Warcraft will run on the PC but he says it is not as much fun on the PC as it crashes some times and the graphics are not as good.If you get this computer, then get the big screen. You will not be disappointed. One thing I noticed while at the Apple store, the screens look so small in the big rooms and counters they have them displayed on, but when you get them home they are huge and beautiful.Do I love my new Mac? Yes..
The G4 computer really takes you for a fast ride!We recently upgraded our computer network at the Indiana Literacy Foundation, and the G4 server is at the heart of it. Now, of course for comparison, you have to realise that this is the first upgrade in years, and our old server was a PowerMac 6100. Fast in its day, that day is a distant memory.We are so happy with the G4. We run a 4D database system that once took an incredible amount of time to process (we would literally click a request and then go get coffee, and it might be done when we returned). Now, it is appears almost instantaneous. Productivity has skyrocketed (and will be much better when I've debugged the 4D upgrade).Beyond the speed, there are a few features I must comment upon as being above-and-beyond in the G4 server design. I like the fact that it has two power supplies -- if one fails, the other will keep going so that we can arrange downtime at our convenience, and not at the whims of gremlins in the machine. Also, it has a unique fold-down design that makes adding, swapping and repairing things inside a snap. Just unplug the back, lift up the latch, and it's open (no screws to lose inside the machine, no difficult snap-apart manipulations required). There is a security lack that can be padlocked or otherwise secured to make sure the that the internal pieces are safe from unwarranted removal.We have a small LAN, consisting of the server, 6 other Mac computers, and two printers. This server is serving us well.
All I have to say about this machine, Quality! Apple has made this machine a thing of beauty. The one thing that this machine stands for is that it's unbelievably FAST! The time it started up I was already impressed, the start up time for the machine was ten times quicker than my one at work, which is the G4 DP 500 mhz. It literally zipped through the startup time. Also if anyone is doing any highend graphics work, this machine is for you! Opening up large files in Photoshop was a breeze and having to put effects in AE 5.5 was remarkably fast! I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to use a machine that is extremely quick for all kinds of high to low end apps as well as being versatile. There is no other choice out there, get the Power Mac G4 DP 1.42 ghz!
First of all, I didn't buy this computer, buying it is only a dream...But I can tell you of my experience with it!I've seen this computer at a friend of a friend's house, and checked it out since then a couple of times, and whooooo!!!This computer is fast, and supreme and is suitable for anything in the realm of graphic design, video editing, music editing, general use, and anything else you can possibly think about!It's amazing 1.4GHz processor is something that I guess is unique to apple, and provides a speed which tops the speed of average PCs tenfolds. At the least!This is a proffesional computer, and a well built one, so I can recommend this to people who need a special machine like this, which I guess goes to designers, editors, photographers, musicians and the like, but this is one fun machine! Enjoy!
I advise just about any computer user to get this keyboard. Unlike many keyboards of this type, the keys are not &quot;low-quality&quot; and the build-quality is unlike any other. If you have a modded computer, this is even better to compliment that excelltent Windowed-Cold Cathode case (like yours truly!). If you are a gamer, then this is a must needed keyboard. If you work a lot at night, then you can have the lights off and STILL be able to type. Immagine that! I highly recommend this keyboard.
Ive had this laptop since new ($3000.00), still use it today for CAD work.  The display is big & bright, shows complete web pages without scrolling down.  It is still one of my favories, heavy that it may be.  Here it is Oct 2011, still using the original external power supply, no problems.  Of course, I did upgrade the hard drive, a fifteen minute propostion, and, of course, the battery.  What do you expect after ten years, or so?
This is a well-equipped system on almost every level.  The one weakness is shared with almost every other retail desktop system sold today: average 3D game performance.A glance through the specs will show you this system has more than most in this price range: fast CPU, lots of memory, big HDD, USB 2.0, Firewire, and a DVD writer.  The build quality on most HP home computer systems is very good (for fantastic build quality look at an HPs business class computers).  HP has a good engineering relationship with their OEMs and it shows.The one complaint I have (and it is the same complaint with almost all of retail computer systems) is that the out-of-the-box 3D gaming on this system is merely `okay'.  For high end 3D gaming you would want  to add in a new video card ($...-$...quality setting) and if you don't play 3D games the price/performance/reliability ratio on this system would be hard to beat.  Outside of those high-end 3D games I mentioned this system would run rings around any software out there today.
This PC is great for stability and performance. What I liked was that it had a Pentium 4 2.53GHz cpu with a fast front side bus of 533MHz. This helps out with programs like video editing.Althought I got mine refurbished, the price was great for the product. I built 2 other PCs before and had trouble with various reasons like an overheating cpu. All I can say is that this quiet PC should last you for years. The DVD writer is a great tool for modern PCs these days because you can store home videos and back up large quantities of data.The only slight downside is that the video is integrated so it is OK for gaming. I would recommend buying an AGP video card. The good news is that the hard drive space is 80GB and you can hold a lot of data. I kind of disliked the idea of having a partition of the hard drive. HP should have included recovery discs or something. Other than that this PC is great!
I just bought this system, and I'm not disappointed. One of the primary reasons I selected this system over other similiar (and often more expensive) ones is the video memory, a GeForce MX440 that packs 128MB of memory. No 'shared memory' here, this is a stand-alone video card. Perfect for gaming.A couple of other nice features include a combo drive (CD-RW and DVD+R/+RW in one drive)in addition to a regular CD-ROM drive, and an optical mouse instead of the old wheel mouse.This computer is also MUCH quieter than the one it replaced. While this system may not be the absolute top of the line, it's very close, and for around $ it's hard to beat.
I bought this system 12 years ago and still running smoothly. I bought it with 512mb and 120GB of storage. It has worked wonderfully giving me problems only twice when I had to upgrade to the windows XP 2-pack version, that's when I had some problems with the OS running and a second time I had it repaired for a virus that did not let me boot properly. My fault for not having the XP OS pack-2 and not installing virus,ad-aware,spam blocking and firewall software. After I did it has not failed me once or has frozen or crashed even with just 512mb bits of memory. I am now planning to upgrade to 1GB of memory just because i have accumulated many software programs over the years. I would recommend this system if you enjoy multimedia. update it still works fine although the support for drivers are not supported at times. it still updated automatically. Xp has been the best operating system better than vista and windows 8.
My mother bought me this computer 10 years ago and it still runs great. Especially after I replaced Windows XP with Ubuntu! Seriously, a resilient machine, been through hell and back with me!!!
great buy....this computer was bought for first timer...he was able to learn computer basics without spending alot of money....
What else can I say about this product other than "excellent"!  Light-years better than the POS LinkSys unit I replaced with it.
I use a slightly different model (F5D7231-4) for three years now. I use it only with wire connections and with those connections it's rock solid. And I mean, rock solid: often you forget about its existence for many months. Its just working without problems. I use all router ports and more (via additional 4 ports switch) so this is heavy load environment.I periodically download 4G DVDs with linux images and never has interruptions due to router failure. Never. I also use YouTube and never have any problems with streaming media.Previously I used two Linksys routers: one wireless and one regular. Both were unstable with wire connections and disconnected once in a week or so. One wwas pretty hostile to YouTube. Also often both of them were unable to obtain DHCP address from [...] that I use as a provider. That was tremendous hassle.I think most negative reviews for this router are about stability of the wireless connections. I agree that the defualt settins are stable with wireless connections.  But wireless part of the router can be tuned using very helpful review of other Belkin model ([...]) written by  ChurchOfJesusChrist.Net on Sep 27, 2007 (it has most helpful votes and is the first review for this router).  The recommendation is to turn off any non standard modes (in wireless settings set turbo mode to off and set protected mode to off). That really improves stability.In any case if you need wired connections it is probably one of the best low cost router you can get.It has some sophisticated features. You can have "infinite" DHCP leases, essentially static IP assignment with flexibility of DHCP; Linksys cannot do that. You can also put one computer on "DMZ" before firewall and test the application. This way you can detect which ports the applications uses and then open them in firewall. My Linksys models were unable to do this.  Ability to put one server in DNZ make it usable with Asterisk and other VOIP PBXes.
Belking is a great product. I have bought at least two of these products and it does well with my computer system and great for Wi Fi purposes.
We our purchased our first Logitech webcam-camera a 420 for our son in the military and was so pleased with it's performance that we want to upgrade to the 510 for our son away at collage.The 510 has a removeable SmartMedia memory card that you insert in the side and you can upgrade to a 16MP plus if you need more memory.Easy to use, simple instructions just point and shoot. Again, like out other son, we didn't want to invest a lot of money in an high end camera for what he was going to use it for. Mostly to keep intouch with us and his brother.The resolution is crisp and clear and the 510 has great software like video editing motion detection feature that automatically starts recording when the camera detects movement. It's easy to save and send pics via e-mail. Or live video streaming with audio.The optics are very good such as brightness, contrast, hue etc on the 1.3 MP Like the 420 works great in low light indoor operation.Like the 420 the case is plastic and as a toy-like feel to it; but if you can get past that this is an excellent value for the money.When I rate an item on Amazon I like to keep the rating in perspective. I would not compare a bottom of the like Chevy to a loaded Lincoln. There just not in the class or price range.  As with the 510 I compare it with the creative Labs PC-Cam 600 not with a top of the line Minolta which is to expensive for kids to use.
I bought this product for my on-going video editing projects which eat up my hard disk spaces like hungry monsters.  Well I had 80GB version of the same HDD over a year and it worked beautifully just not big enough for me. It does not have electric fan but it's all aluminium case works fine dealing with the heat.  Although the HDD inside is not exceptionally quiet by today's standard, it is quieter than many external HDDs with electric fans. I recomand this drive for any DV editors.
After a month of hunting storage for my laptop, i narrowed my choice, Maxtor or Lacie. I chose d2 for several reasons,* Less Noisy (external drives, drives you mad!)* Speed* Vertical* Transparent connectivity* It looks cool too! :-)I own an Inspiron 8100 and got this as external storage for my media files and back for large application, so far its going very stable and smooth. Five stars for Lacie.
The Lacie external hard drive works great with my Macintosh iBook right out of the box, with no installation or set-up necessary.It comes with all the needed power and FireWire cables, so I just had to plug it in, and my computer immediately had another 200 gigabytes of space.It runs quietly, its metal case does not get too warm, and saving files is as fast as on a built-in hard drive.(Note: My drive died about 9 months after I got it, but LaCie sent a replacement quickly, and the new one has been working for over a month with no problems. Aside from the one mechanical failure, I have had no problems using the drive on a Macintosh.)(Note: The second replacement drive died in 2008, so that's two dead LaCie drives in four years. I don't think I'll get another one of these.)
IBM is an industry leader in providing high quality laptop & desktop computers. This system has performed remarkably during the time I've owned it & I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new computer.
This computer is not only extremely dependable but performs like a charm for any task. Its great for surfing the web, playing games, or any other task that you may need it to do with its fast 3 GHz Pentium 4 processor. Also, IBM's customer service is second to none. If you are looking for a dependable and high quality machine that is extremely fast, this is the computer for you.
I bought this unit several years ago and I've been very happy with it.  It's a solid platform worth the "Sony" investment.  I've added a 2nd drive and will be upgrading memory soon.  I've used it for photo & graphics manipulation.  I've also used it to make movies into DVD using Sony's Movie Studio, a perfect combination with my Sony TRV70 Digital Camcorder.  Yes, by now it's old technology especially with Dual Core readily available.  For now, it's fine for what I need it for.  Since purchase, I've connected a Samsung laser printer, a Brother Ql-500 label printer, a 320GB Hammer Storage  external drive, my Panasonic Lumix digital camera, and an Iomega REV drive.  Everything works great with USB, & Firewire.  I love this computer!
I love the performance for the price yes there is a 3.0 ghz with hyper-threading  but much more expenive.  I love all the software that comes with it very good i think about 700 dollars worth. 1 thing is taht the case is quite small and hard to put more memory in.
Before I bought this computer, I have owned HP computers. They were of great quality and served me well. When we had to get a new one, we initialy went for a new HP, but Compusa was out. So, we decided to go and buy the other 3 gig computer. It was this sony. It wasn't my first choice, but it is an excelent computer! It is fast, has plenty of memory, comes loaded with an OK graphics card, and is much nicer looking than other computers on the market. Sure it is a little pricey, but the speed and it's versatility are what you pay for. Sony's are made to last and I'm sure this beast will dominate as long as it's the fastest avalible!
I bought this CPU in July of 2003. I have burned hundreds of DVDs and CDs and this machine has never needed tech support or had a hardware problem. I do high end graphics editing and creation here. I own numerous computers, but only trust this Vaio with my core computing.
This item works great if you know what it is supposed to do.  Forget what the description says, its misleading.You cannot use this item to simply plug it into an ethernet port on a wall, switch or router and instantly gain another port.  That's not what it does and as others who have tried it say, it doesn't work like that.You actually need two of these to make them do what it is supposed to do which is to let you run 2 different network services over one cat5 ethernet cable - combining them at one end and then separating them at the other.I'll use my application as an example.  At my office at work, we have two different internet providers and their routers are in our data closet. I need access to both but only have one cat5 cable running to my office from the data closet and it would be costly to run an additional cable.  Now like I said earlier, you need two of these devices to work properly (they should come in a two pack).  So in the data closet I plug one of these into the patch panel port that goes to my office and in my office I plug another one of these into the data jack that is on my wall.  I label the two ports on each of the splitters A & B and am sure to put A & B on the same side on each splitter so they are the same!  Now in the data closet I patch a port on the router from Internet service provider A into the splitter port I labeled A in the data closet.  Likewise, I patch a port on the router from Internet service provider B to the splitter port labeled B in the data closet.  Those two services are now being carried SEPARATELY over the cat5 cable going from the data closet to my office.  On the other end I now know I can plug into port A on the splitter in my office to use Internet service A or port B on the splitter to use Internet service B.  I no longer need to run and swap cables in the data closet to do this.So what is actually happening here?  This is not rocket science people.  The splitters are not 'smart' in any way and are not managing traffic.  A cat5 cable has 8 individual wires in it and only 4 of them are being used for a standard network connection (4 spare).  What this 'splitter' actually does is make use of those other 4 wires to allow you to run another data connection over the wire.  'Splitter' is not a great name for this product as it's really more of a combiner on one end and separator on the other.  That's all it is doing.  The product takes the 4 used wires from port A and the 4 used wires on port B and runs them over the 8 wires in the cat5 you need to run them over.  At the other end it takes those 8 wires and separates them out back to two connections of 4 wires each so you can use them again (port A & B).  Any other use of this product won't work.  It will not take a source of 'one port' and make it 'two'.  You need a small switch for this task.  Just search Amazon for 'network switch' and it will bring up several that start around 15 bucks.  All you do is plug your source into any of the ports on the switch and all of the remaining ports will be active on that network and the same as the first (say your internet).Another point to make...I gave you my specific example but this product can be used any time you need to carry two separate networks of any kind over one cable due to logistics of not having another cable available to do it.  The two networks you need to run over it will vary depending on your own needs.  Most people just need a switch, not this product, for what they are looking to do to 'split' a network port.  Again, you can't split a data connection by just splicing wires like you can a telephone wire.  Data traffic must be managed with a 'known' device at each end.One last point to make.  Using all 8 wires of a single cat5 cable is not always guaranteed to work trouble free.  Depending on the quality of the cable, you could get 'cross talk' which is when the two networks could cause interference with each other depending on the shielding or lack of it.  This was not a problem in my case and I have been using these over a year trouble free.Good luck.
I have this hooked up and it is doing the job I purchased it for.I'm not techie enough to really break this item down for comparisons but I would purchase it again.
I don't know why people are giving this product bad reviews. This adaptor is PERFECT for what I need it to do. Please read the description carefully before purchasing. This is not an Ethernet hub/switch and it is not a one-for-one RJ45 splitter. This is an ethernet adaptor that lets you use the two unused pairs on a Cat5 cable. This is so you can run two 10/100 network connections if you only have one run of Cat5 to the location where you need to connect two PCs.If you need to "split" an ethernet connection because you have no more ports in your DSL router or home network, STOP. This is not the product for you. You are looking for somehting called an Ethernet switch.Specifically, this adaptor passes pins 1, 2, 3 & 6 from the single RJ45 male plug to one of the RJ45 female jacks. Then it passes pins 4, 5, 7 & 8 from the single RJ45 male to pins 1, 2, 3 & 6 on the other RJ45 female jack. Because of this, you must have one on both ends or it will not work right. If you only have an adaptor on each end, only one of the PCs or devices will work.Also, you still need two available switch ports on your ethernet switch. And, because Gigabit speeds require all four cable pairs, it will not work for gigabit. I wish the product documentation were a bit more clear, so I hope this review helps everyone understand what this product is.
I got a large TV and connected the splitter cable to my TV and Airport Express via the internet and am now happy with the internet & Netflix. :)
This little adapter was just the answer to situation in my house. The signal in my house is not the strongest so using this adapter , I was able to add more line to my router. I highley recommend this product and definitely tell my friends about it.
I have a cousin that had an issue with their child keeping the internet hooked to an X-Box 360. They were looking for a solution to keep the child hooked to the internet & also keep their computer hooked to the internet. This item provided that solution. There doesn't appear to be any issue splitting the connection this way. Quick, Easy, Simple, Inexpensive!
it worked for about a half hour and then burned out. spend the extra few dollars and get a ethernet switch.
If you use a monopod with your telephoto, this accessory is a must for two reasons: first, it will allow you to change your camera orientation instantly from "landscape" to "portrait" and vice versa without having to disconnect your camera from your monopod; and second, it better balances the weight of the camera and telephoto by moving the attachment point from the camera body to the telephoto lens itself. As a bonus, now that the point of attachment is in the lens rather than the camera body, it gives you a couple of inches more in your monopod height.If you are considering buying this item, you can find it in eBay for $15 or less. I don't understand why this is worth over $100 here. It is just a metal bracket in the shape of a ring that goes around your telephoto lens. The ring itself is lightweight (4.24 oz), and of solid construction. The inside is covered with some velour-type material to reduce friction and scratching. It is not like it made with space-age materials or requires precise machining like lens-polishing.I give this item 5 stars because it is very useful if you shoot with a telephoto for extended periods of time.  But 0 stars because of the ridiculously high price.
How many pictures will it store?  It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about.  Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The BigPrint - 64MB Big Print SmartMedia Card, like most 64MB cards, will store on average 71 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera, 53 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera,  32 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera, 25 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera, and 20 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera.  These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs.
My first netgear and i love it...works great..i would get this item again...dont hesitate to purhased this item again..hurry now..
This machine is an excellent value. It offers all the power, speed, and extra's needed for small office or home use. The processor, RAM, hard drive, video card, Cd-RW, DVD ROM and other components are well able to do all that may be asked of them into the forseeable future. Hard core gamers will want a faster proceesor and better video card, but the rest of us need not pay a premium for &quot;cutting edge&quot; technology. This machine is plenty fast by normal real world standards.In my work I use several computers with different processors - Pentium, Athlon, and Celeron. As a previous reviewer commented, I also recommend avoiding the Celeron and spending just a little more for Athlon or Pentium. You will not regret the investment.One nitpick - I wish it came pre-loaded with Word and Excel rather than Wordperfect and Quattro Pro Apparently Microsoft has priced themselves out of the OEM market and most manufacturers save the money in order to offer lower prices. HP and others take note, I will pay a little more for Word and Excel if it is offered!All in all, this is an excellent buy in a competitive market. Things change fast, but one can buy this and never look back.
This HP comupter was a really great deal for all the features it provides. I can browse the internet, burn CDs, get technical support if I need it, and do a lot of really cool things that I could never do on my old computer, which is now five years old. I am also very impressed with Windows XP because it is quick and very worth the money paid. Another thing I like is that this computer is fairly computer friendly. In the first hour I was using it, I burned two CDs, listened to music, surfed the internet and started to watch a DVD. Not only does it work very well, but it looks good too; it's very stylish. I reccomend anyone who buys this computer also gets the HP pavilion f1703 moniter because it's adjustible and has excellent color quality. This is a very good computer and I reccomend first computer buyers to get this computer.