I just tried to run this  software after updating Adobe Flash to the latest version, 11.6.602.  I got a notice that Rosetta Stone is aware of a problem with using 11.6 It then tells you to go back to 11.5 which is widely known to allow hackers to access your computer.This is a serious issue and I've never seen another piece of software that breaks on an upgrade of Flash so easily.
I was excited about getting and reviewing this product, because I had recently bought an iPhone and wanted a good way to load movies on it.  I already been using an earlier version of another Roxio product, Popcorn.So, let's say you're the average person who has a iPod or iPhone and wants to take those DVDs you have in your library and view them on your handheld wonder.  Roxio Crunch does that, right?  Wrong.  The legality of taking a DVD movie you own and making a digital copy for your own personal use is still in a legal gray area, so companies like Roxio won't touch it, so actually Crunch can't make copies of any standard copyrighted, copyprotected DVD you buy in a store.  Out of the box it's only good for home-movie DVDs you've made yourself. Now, if you can find another program that will copy the DVD onto your computer (into what is known as a video-ts folder), then Crunch will help.  Or it was supposed to.  I had trouble using it to convert a video ts folder I already had on my computer, and when I emailed their help desk they refused to help me once they learned that the video ts folder was of a copyrighted product. I tried converting another file and it converted, but the video and audio didn't properly sync.  And it gets worse.  Crunch is getting heavily promoted, but it is essentially just a stripped down version of Roxio's flagship product Popcorn 3, which is a much more powerful program for only ten bucks more.So what did I end up doing?  I'm using HandBrake, a downloadable program that performs beautifully, has more options than Crunch, and will work on most copyrighted DVDs to boot.  And, oh, it's free.
The front of the box states this is "The Essential Video Converter." The first sentence on the back says "Roxy Crunch helps you easily convert your DVDs, movies and TV shows..."Ha! I was really excited to get this product. In my work, I often have to study cartoons and movies, and being able to store them on my Mac would really save me time. Installing this software was easy, and it was easy to learn how to use. But then... it wouldn't convert ANY of my DVDs. Yes, it does say it won't convert copy-protected material, but that information is in small print on the bottom of the box.I finally found a DVD it would convert, a promotional freebie. However, just one 30-minute segment took over an hour to convert! Not exactly SAVING me time!For what it's worth, I have a dual processor G5 with 2G of memory.
UPDATE: I wrote the following review after using several features of Roxio Crunch, but not all. I just tried to convert a VIDEO_TS file from my harddrive for use on my ipod, and after a few hours of trying and searching through forums for what I'm doing wrong I've finally given up.  A website I found pointed out that everything Crunch can do is possible with HandBrake, a FREE application (just search for it), and so I tried that and it did what I needed in just a few minutes while the conversion on Roxio kept freezing up. This is a video file that I created, so there are no copyright or encoding issues. I would give this a single star if I were beginning the review again.Here's what I wrote before:Roxio Crunch is, as far as I can tell, just a customized and slightly more limited version of Roxio Popcorn 2.  Whereas Popcorn allows you to convert between a wide range of different formats, with an emphasis on converting to or from existing DVDs, Crunch is tailor made for users who are primarily interested in just converting a range of files for use on their Apple products: iPhone, iPod, and Apple TV.  For such users, this is a very simple to use, and quick application, and does exactly what it is supposed to, and no more than it claims to do.That leads, however, to a fairly significant drawback.  As several other reviewers have noted, and as Roxio's documentation makes clear, this product does not "rip" dvds -- it doesn't allow you to take commercial dvds with copy protection and convert them.  That gives it limited usability for those who'd like to back up their dvd library or view their dvds on iPods or iPhones.  The only dvds or other media files you can actually convert for use on your Apple equipment are those without copy protection -- i.e. home movies or other non-commercial media files.  If your aim is to convert your commercial dvd collection for use on Apple portable media products, you'll need to look elsewhere.
Maybe if you are a computer techie you can get this to work. I couldn't. It wouldn't recognize any of my DVD's that I tried. It is not user friendly. There is no instructions and the help menu is terrible; no help there.
I haven't used AVPs for years, mainly because I don't need them (I know what to not click on) and they slow my system to a crawl.  This is ridiculous.  In those 3-5 years I have not used one of these programs, someone could have noticed this HUGE design flaw and fixed it.  My system still slows to nearly a complete stop.  And killing it in Task Manager doesn't help, either.  I was afraid that even after uninstalling it I was still going to feel the pain of the AVP, so I actually went back to do a system restore to prior the McAfee installation.  System runs smooth as silk, now, and I still don't have to worry about viruses.  Instead, invest in a good router, and don't click on any pop ups, people!
I received this program through the Amazon Vine program. It came with a license to use it on three computers. My husband and I were both impressed with what the program said it could do. It sounded too good to be true. We installed it on two desktop PCs and one laptop.All the computers were slowed down to a snail's pace. Starting up the computer took at least three minutes (and seemed like a lifetime). Opening each program took so long, minutes to open an application!  Opening my (popular) email application and waiting for the download to happen took forever. The process by which it scans each email for viruses apparently takes a lot of time. To cope I'd end up opening the program, walking away and returning later to read the email.Even using the computer doing simple tasks like changing to view the email program to use a word processing program was very difficult. I'd click on the other application and it would pause and nothing would move, then a minute or two later the screen would finally react. Flipping from one Internet browser to another would have long pauses and it `wouldn't go'.  Before installing this program I could flip to different Internet browser windows with immediate results. Trying to open new programs such as a spreadsheet program took forever and the cursor didn't seem to react, so I'd click on the icon again. In the end sometimes I'd end up with three of the programs open and ready to run.I had the worst experience with using a (popular) photo altering program. That program kept locking up.The long time that it took to access different programs and to switch from viewing the Internet to the word processor made the most basic computer work painstaking and time consuming. It was ridiculous. I have not experienced a computer being this way since the early 1990s when I was accessing the Internet through dial-up! To cope with the computer being this way, I took to reading something on paper while I waited for the system to catch up so I could do whatever it was that I was trying to do.Also when starting up the system each day I'd get an urgent message that there was a problem! Guess what `the problem'  was? I had new documents that needed backing up. Give me a break--that is no urgent or emergency situation.We were so happy to uninstall this from all of our computers. Now are computers are back to normal.We did spend quite a lot of time installing this program and then uninstalling it. What a waste of time this was. I can't believe how poor this program is, I'm really surprised.If I had paid money for this I'd be irate about it! I got it free from the Amazon Vine program so all that was wasted was our time.
I was excited about providing my wife some security for her PC with the Windows Live OneCare 2.0.  But imagine my shock when I went to activate this program and was instructed to provide a credit card number for the annual fee.  HUH?!?!  What's this all about?  I just got this and I'm already having to pay MORE money to make it work?  No thanks Windows!  I'm keeping my money and chunking your piece of garbage software in the garbage can.  You should be more honest and forthright about what you are requiring people to do when they purchase your products.  This is highway robbery!
I can't imagine a greater level of disappointment than this product has given me.The basic framework is there: virus protection, routine maintenance, automated backup, updates and security.  But I suspect that it will perform as needed only for those people that install it when the stars correctly align.  For woe unto you who have a problem.  Support may be there, but you'll work yourself into a frazzle just trying to find the support or get an answer.I'd like to think that I'm somewhere between the average computer user and the uber-geek that writes his/her own source code.  That said, I'm giving up on this product.  Let me tell you why.First, OneCare offers to set up your wireless security for you.  In my case, it made my wireless access so secure that I couldn't use it.  The double whammy behind that is the fact that the bulk of OneCare's support is ONLINE!  It's tough to get a question about online access answered, when you have to go online to get it and can't.  I searched high and low in the program for something that even remotely resembled a technical support number, no... something that even remotely resembled a telephone number!  But success was not to be had.  Finally, I pushed the reset button on my wireless router, turned off the wireless security firewall in OneCare and was able to go online again.  Help was via a discussion board, and the tech that answered my initial question was out sick when I asked for some clarification.  That delayed response by 4 days!  By the way, Microsoft claims that my particular router is fully compatible with OneCare.Okay, so the wireless security is no good, at least in my case.  But setting up an automated backup is a great idea right!  Sure, if... if... if you can find a storage device that OneCare is disposed to work with.  My thought (radical free thinker that I am) was that I would perform the initial backup by saving everything to a DVD, then using a lower storage USB stick for the incrementals.  OneCare saw the DVD drive but apparently didn't like it.  The USB stick didn't have enough space, so... can't use that.But all is not bad.  OneCare did perform a tune-up for me that basically removed files that I removed manually from time to time.  And it's interface to control those programs that automatically load to memory on startup was nice.But the bottom line is this.  It's a finicky product with no support for the panicky.  If you want to gamble on getting it right, go ahead.  If you prefer a little handholding, stay away.
I thought I would try out Microsoft's solution for PC protection as it was offered as a freebie for Vine subscribers. I was shocked how much needed to be downloaded on initial installation. If you are on dial-up be prepared to spend "between 1 and 2 hours" for an a initial download while installing. "15-30 minutes" via broadband. Not sure why there is so much downloading for an initial software install. This bothered me, not a great way to start a relationship with software...It took about 45 minutes to get this all installed, including a frustrating experience with the Microsoft servers, and online protection keys that were SO difficult to decipher that it took me FOUR tries to finally get through. I appreciate the need to protect from hacking, but a novice user may NEVER be able to get beyond this step...Then enter a 25 character license key. Three tries at that. OH I guess they want upper case letters. This is not an obvious requirement because all letters in the key are upper case, thus giving no clue as to the importance of letter case in the key...My goodness, all this time unprotected I am likely infected, (yes, you have to uninstall any other protection you might have installed, prior to installing this)...Right now, I have a GREEN light, which means that I am supposedly fully protected. But I am running a full virus, spy ware scan, and it is very slow... I'll try it a few more days, but the verdict thus far is: DOG. Actually, that's not really being fair to dogs... Also the backup program is REALLY slow, but so then is Norton's Ghost. I like Acronis's True Image (e.g.Acronis True Image 11 Home) backup solutions.Nothing about this initial experience inspires confidence, which is exactly what this kind of software SHOULD do...
There's no point mentioning the pros with these cons, so:- It's huge, slow, and slows down your PC startup as well.- Very poor to nonexistent audit trail, can cause a lot of damage.- Cannot create custom reports. You're stuck with tweaking the ones Microsoft provided, which may not work for you.- PayPal and eBay integration requires a monthly fee.With these cons, it really doesn't matter what the pros are.
In our office we useQuickBooks Pro 2008for our accounting software. We received a complimentary copy of this Microsoft Office package, so we thought we'd give it a try. What a waste of time! It takes forever to install, forever to do any work, and crashes all the time. As you can guess, we're sticking with QuickBooks.
I snatched this product up since I was such a huge fan of Corel Paint Shop Pro, I've been around it since it's Jasc days.  After installing it, I have to say that I was disappointed.  I thought that maybe Corel Photo-Paint would be similar, and it is, but it lacks in many ways.  I'm not much on drawing, so I never could get Draw to work.  I've gone back to using PSP.
Let me first say that I have used Norton's products for years. I currently have Norton's 360 on my PC.However, Norton Ghost is by far the worst Norton product I have ever tried. For starters it seem Norton isn't even sure what they want it to do. It doubles up on some of what 360 offers and makes for confusing choices in what to use when they overlap.Secondly, in what should be a straight forward program the interface is anything but. There are needless prompts and commands when a more simplistic design would have worked much better.start-up is a pain. It seems to take forever for the program to "turn on". Instalation is also a little bit of a hassle as is customer support. I needed to call CS once and I got nothing close to the help I needed. I finally became so frustrated at the 'help' that I hung up and went searching for answers. Finally I stumbled across an internet forum (not associated with Norton) and they helped me get it to work properly. Once I got it working it refused to back-up 100% stopping three times between 50% and 65%.I finally gave up, uninstalled it from my computer and put it under the desk. This program may work for some, but you will probably need an advanced computer degree and hours of free time. For me it was not worth the headache.
This is my revised review of Norton 360 version 2.0.  I previously had given a positive review and my review was rated as "The most helpful favorable review".  However, after extended use of the product I have to remove my first review and mark this product as DEFECTIVE.  I believe that if the professional review sites that have given this product positive reviews were to run extended trials and followed a policy of revising their initial ratings that they also would drop their ratings after they find that the product starts failing after extended use.I installed the Norton 360 version 2.0 trial edition downloaded from Norton's website and ran it for 13 days on my Windows Vista SP1 PC before activating it. During that time my system did not have any noticeable computer slowdowns and it ran in the background without any need for intervention.  It also ran just fine for another 7 days after purchasing a license and activating it.Sounds great, right?  Well, in my second week of owning it, Norton 360 v2 suddenly started having "Service Framework" failures and told me I should reboot my PC to ensure stable operation.  I found that I better heed the warning and reboot, because my Quad core PC with 3 GB of RAM would turn into a brick that barely functioned. This is really, really annoying when you are in the middle of doing something and suddenly you have to interrupt your work to reboot the computer... oh and saving your work takes about 10 times as long since the computer suddenly doesn't want to function.I went through tech support and they had me try a lot of different fixes, including doing a complete uninstall and reinstall of the product. Doing a reinstall actually seemed to make things better for a few days and then suddenly Norton 360 decided it was time to start failing at random intervals again.  I looked on message boards and found that some people claimed that there might be a corrupt file on your system that Norton was scanning and failing on.  The problem with that claim is that is 1) Reinstalling the product and doing a "comprehensive" scan didn't cause a failure so I don't think that is really the root cause and 2) even if that was the root cause, if a security product like Norton is going to crash when it finds a corrupt file, then exactly what value does the product provide?  Do you really want to go on a witch hunt for corrupt files on your computer every few days when Norton starts failing on you?BOTTOM LINE: I wish I could recommend the product, but I CANNOT RECOMMEND.  It simply is DEFECTIVE.  When it works, it works great, but it is NOT STABLE and I believe that any installation of it WILL EVENTUALLY START CRASHING EVEN IF IT SEEMS TO WORK AT FIRST.If you decide to buy anyway, here are a few notes:- By default eavesdropping protection is turned off. You can enable it via the settings page. I saw in a professional review that they really recommended turning this feature on.- You need to ensure that any other virus or firewall programs that you have installed are fully uninstalled before installing this product. Having multiple competing products installed can really mess up your system. I used the Norton removal tool from their web site to fully remove the trial version of Norton Internet Security that I was using prior to installing this software.- If you are uncertain about this product, download the free trial from symantec first, but note that my problems with the product didn't show up until about day 20 of having it installed.- If you choose to download the full version of the software from symantec, they place a copy of the full version under C:\ProgramData\Symantec Temporary Files on Windows Vista. Just grab a copy of the software and back it up. This way you don't have to pay to have an "extended download period". Or just keep a copy of the trial version around since it allows you to activate it using the product key that the symantec store gives you.- If you are deciding between purchasing the shipped package from Amazon or Symantec, I would choose Amazon in a heart beat. Amazon customer service rocks. You also could probably download the trial version from symantec, buy the package from Amazon, and then just enter the product code from the Amazon package in the trial software once the Amazon package arrives.
My husband and I started our business back in 1985, shortly after the first Apple Macintosh came on the scene. Right away people told us the IBM PC Jr. was better. Today I don't know if anyone remembers the PC Jr., but of course we're still using Macs. Every few years we try out a PC, but each time it just ends up sitting in a corner. With this new Windows Vista system, I think we are to that point again.It's not that it was that hard to install, but I'm just tired of bothering with it. There are so many versions of Vista, and no matter which one we try it doesn't seem to be much of an improvement over XP. It hogs up tons of memory, requires lots of software upgrading and no matter what we do we always seem to be missing a driver.And everything, frankly, pales to the Mac world (just my opinion here, I'm not trying to convert anybody), at least in all the fields we use a computer for (writing, photography, publishing, bookkeeping, database management, video, music and our daughter's school work).Maybe it's just that we are so used to a Mac, but every time we decide to try a PC as a side computer, we just get confused, get frustrated and give up.With a business to run and a daughter headed to high school, we just don't have the time anymore.If you're happy with the PC world and starting from scratch with a brand-new machine, Vista probably offers a lot. But not for us.
My first comment is, with all the bugs and problems, this seems like a beta product. I did indeed try to install the Premium version of Vista with service pack 1...and it still does not seem to be fully functional. It's not like they rushed this to production - they've had over six years to get the bugs out.I really don't see how Windows can compete with Ubuntu, which is free! This newest version of Windows has some nice perks over other versions, but overall I would strongly suggest either 1.) keeping your previous version of Windows (I'm using XP on one machine, and NT or 2000 on our other machines, which remains the lightest, most functional version of Windows); 2.) installing Ubuntu instead; or 3.) getting a Mac. For us, after looking at all our options, we decided we like Macs but don't want to switch all our software, and they're a little too expensive for us. So we decided to switch most of our computers at work and home to Ubuntu (did I mention it's free!), which is better than Vista in nearly every way, and is working great for us so far.So what are the perks to Vista? For one, the new Internet Explorer 7 is a clear benefit over previous versions. It has much better security (though still not as good as Mozilla Firefox or Mac browsers), and it has more functionality. But you don't need to buy Vista to get it - you can upgrade free online.Also, it has some new gadgets & wizards which are useful, such as transparent layering windows and 3D layout, tablet interface, and others. But this is not enough to impress me - either these things are available already through Ubuntu or Mac OS, or these are things you can download with your other peripherals/accessories (such as the tablet interface).But I quickly run out of nice things to say about Vista. The DRM precautions (digital rights management) are ridiculous - there are way too many issues to mention here, so you'll have to google it to get the full story. My biggest problem with the "rights management", perhaps, is that you cannot reinstall this more than once... even with the disc! Yes, that means if you have a bad install, then you only get one more shot at installing it. That also means if you have to migrate to a new PC orhard drive, you are out of luck! This is a ripoff - absolute nonsense, and I would recommend against this OS for this reason alone.My second biggest problem is that this is a huge, clunky OS which takes an enormous amount of disk space. I have a pretty nice system, but its a couple years old and Vista slows me down to a snails pace. It's ironic, because when we decided to install Ubuntu instead of upgrading our systems (keeping the old hardware), everything ran twice as fast. Microsoft simply doesn't get it. They seem to be adding a whole bunch of features and new stuff instead of making the OS lighter and easier to use.The power management feature is a joke. The operating system is constantly scanning your computer, so you can never fully power down with the computer on. The features contradict themselves, making it a rather inefficient operating system for desktops or laptops. (This, by the way, is an issue many people overlook - since many people & offices leave their computers on 24/7, or at least all day long, this has consequences both for the environment and also for your electric bill)The security features in Vista seem too little, too late. Yes, these features might help, but they pop up for the dumbest reasons (i.e., plugging in a USB drive or an external hard drive - is it warning me that my drive has a virus on it?, or that my drive *may* have a virus on it?, or that someone may be stealing my files? It's not clear). Also, as I said earlier, the new IE7 (bundled here) has clear advantages to the previous versions, but if security is a concern (as it should be - studies show that 90% of computers in the US have some sort of malware or virus on it), then get a Mac or upgrade to Ubuntu instead.vista, for the first time in windows, introduced recording tools (again, better versions come standard in ubuntu or mac), and upgraded their windows media player - and again, made it clunkier instead of lighter. media player, by the way, is a huge security risk.In terms of drivers, I couldn't get either of my printers to work with Vista (Dell Color Laser, and an old ALPS micro dry printer). These took me a LOT of time to set up in XP, and frankly, I gave up trying to get them to work with Vista. The legacy of "plug and pray" continues with Vista.There is a lot more I could say about Vista, but I should probably "bottom line" it for you ... who should get Vista? Well, in all seriousness, I believe the Twixer "Techies" are Microsoft's target audience: If you have an extra couple hundred dollars lying around, if you don't mind buying another copy of Vista if your computer ever crashes, if you don't mind having a slower computer in exchange for lots of gizmos and gadgets, and if you really enjoy tinkering for hours on end, then this might be for you.
What a mess! Vista was an ambitious undertaking by Microsoft, and sure it "looks" better than XP, but when it comes to what matters, Vista fails remarkably in nearly every aspect than it claims to excel at. If you've got XP and it works just fine for you, there is absolutely no way I can recommend that you put yourself through the nightmare of Vista. If you manage to get past the hassle of getting this properly registered and working, you're then forced to put up with the numerous upgrades of other programs which, if you're lucky, will function error-free. Problem is, you shouldn't have to count on luck. Many programs which are less than a year old won't even function on Vista, after you've already spent hours on end trying everything possible to make them work. So it's up to you individually. Some have found it to be a seemless transition with no problems at all. Others, like myself, have had nothing but issues and a pounding headache. I for one reverted back to XP, and I plan on keeping it that way for the forseeable future.
My husband and I started our business back in 1985, shortly after the first Apple Macintosh came on the scene. Right away people told us the IBM PC Jr. was better. Today I don't know if anyone remembers the PC Jr., but of course we're still using Macs. Every few years we try out a PC, but each time it just ends up sitting in a corner. With this new Windows Vista system, I think we are to that point again.It's not that it was that hard to install, but I'm just tired of bothering with it. There are so many versions of Vista, and no matter which one we try it doesn't seem to be much of an improvement over XP. It hogs up tons of memory, requires lots of software upgrading and no matter what we do we always seem to be missing a driver.And everything, frankly, pales to the Mac world (just my opinion here, I'm not trying to convert anybody), at least in all the fields we use a computer for (writing, photography, publishing, bookkeeping, database management, video, music and our daughter's school work).Maybe it's just that we are so used to a Mac, but every time we decide to try a PC as a side computer, we just get confused, get frustrated and give up.With a business to run and a daughter headed to high school, we just don't have the time anymore.If you're happy with the PC world and starting from scratch with a brand-new machine,  Vista probably offers a lot. But not for me.
Let me begin by saying we've recently upgraded our computers, and in the process tried Vista Home Premium w/ SP1 ($200), Vista Ultimate w/ SP1 ($300), Ubuntu, tried installing Mac OSX Leopard on our PCs ($129), and Ubuntu (free).I must admit we were impressed with the look, feel, and some of the features of Vista Ultimate, but our bottom line is that it had way too many glitches, it was way too expensive, the rights management is absolutely ridiculous, it's way too bulky and clunky, and the free version of Ubuntu is a much better operating system. I've also posted a product review forWindows Vista Home Premium with SP1, and I'll be repeating myself on several issues. So let me begin by commenting on the features unique to Vista Ultimate:From my experience, the biggest perks for the Ultimate version are the "Meeting Space" features (for collaboration & sharing documents), XBox compatibility (which doesn't matter for us), backup features which are pretty helpful, hardware failure protection (which doesn't really matter since you are not allowed to reinstall Vista more than once), remote desktop accessibility, and business networking features. Some of these are pretty good features, but nothing here really impresses us deeply. Most of these things can be downloaded as individual programs or plug-ins ...they are nice features to have in an operating system, but it in no way warrants putting up with all the other bugs and glitches in Vista, nor does it warrant the price.Even though this version comes with a service pack, it still seems like a beta product. It really does take a lot of time to figure out how to install it, how to migrate your programs and information to Vista (I've read some nightmare stories about trying to uninstall it, too), and how to use it. I really don't see how Windows can compete with Ubuntu, which is free! Overall I would strongly suggest either 1.) keeping your previous version of Windows (I'm using XP on one machine, and NT or 2000 on our other machines, which remains the lightest, most functional version of Windows); 2.) installing Ubuntu instead; or 3.) getting a Mac.The new Internet Explorer 7 is a clear benefit over previous versions. It has much better security (though still not as good as Mozilla Firefox or Mac browsers), and it has more functionality. But you don't need to buy Vista to get it - you can upgrade free online.Also, it has some new gadgets & wizards which are useful, such as transparent layering windows and 3D layout (Aero), tablet interface, and others. But this is not enough to impress me - either these things are available already through Ubuntu or Mac OS, or these are things you can download with your other peripherals/accessories (such as the tablet interface).But I quickly run out of nice things to say about Vista. The DRM precautions (digital rights management) are ridiculous - there are way too many issues to mention here, so you'll have to google it to get the full story. My biggest problem with the "rights management", perhaps, is that you cannot reinstall this more than once... even with the disc! Yes, that means if you have a bad install, then you only get one more shot at installing it. That also means if you have to migrate to a new PC orhard drive, you are out of luck! This is a ripoff - absolute nonsense, and I would recommend against this OS for this reason alone.My second biggest problem is that this is a huge, clunky OS which takes an enormous amount of disk space. I have a pretty nice system at home, but its a couple years old and Vista slows me down to a snail's pace. It's ironic, because when we decided to install Ubuntu instead of upgrading our systems (keeping the old hardware), everything ran twice as fast. Microsoft simply doesn't get it. They seem to be adding a whole bunch of features and new stuff instead of making the OS lighter, more efficient, &/or easier to use.The power management feature does not seem to work. The operating system is constantly scanning your computer, so the features contradict themselves, making it a rather inefficient operating system for desktops or laptops. This can take a toll both on the environment and on your electric bill.The security features in Vista seem too little, too late. Yes, these features might help, but they pop up for the dumbest reasons (i.e., plugging in a USB drive or an external hard drive - is it warning me that my drive has a virus on it?, or that my drive *may* have a virus on it?, or that someone may be stealing my files? It's not clear). Also, as I said earlier, the new IE7 (bundled here) has clear advantages to the previous versions, but if security is a concern (as it should be - studies show that 90% of computers in the US have some sort of malware or virus on it), then get a Mac or upgrade to Ubuntu instead.Vista, for the first time in Windows, introduced a recording tools program (again, better versions come standard in Ubuntu or Mac), and upgraded their windows media player - and again, made it clunkier instead of lighter. Media player, by the way, remains a huge security risk.In terms of drivers, I couldn't get either of my printers to work with Vista (Dell Color Laser, and an old ALPS micro dry printer). These took me a LOT of time to set up in XP, and frankly, I gave up trying to get them to work with Vista. The legacy of "plug and pray" continues with Vista.There is a lot more I could say about Vista, but I should probably "bottom line" it for you ... who should get Vista? This does have some nice business & conferencing features not available in Ubuntu or Mac OS. So if these are really important to you, then maybe you should check it out...though I would definitely suggest trying to find individual programs to meet your needs instead of switching to a whole new operating system just for these features.  If you do get it, expect to fork out another $300 next time your computer crashes (I cannot warn you enough about what a cost and inconvenience this will be for users), and expect to spend a LOT of time tinkering (something I suspect a lot of business users don't have time for).
I'm a long, long time Windows user, since the very first days when it was released and we could finally move away from DOS. I've reformatted my computers and installed various OS's up to Windows XP. The early days of XP were certainly not easy either, but with SP2 we finally had a fairly stable, solid, reasonably secure operating system. I seldom jump on new operating systems, letting other users be the ones to find all the bugs and problems. And there's no doubt, Vista had its share of them. When I recently bought a new high-end system, I specifically asked that XP Pro be installed instead of Vista as I did not want to be bothered with software that didn't work or drivers that weren't compatible.But given the opportunity to review Vista Ultimate with the new service pack, I figured it was worth checking out. I ran the Vista Upgrade Adviser on my secondary development box and it didn't find any problems, so I figured I was good to go. It was a slightly older system, but still had plenty of memory and space and should handle Vista fine. However, after reaching the product key screen, entering my number, and continuing to the next screen, boom! The installation throws an error about the install.wim file being missing. I'm installing right from the Windows Vista CD, how can it be missing? Researching this error on the Microsoft support site brought up nothing, doing Google searches found it to generally be caused by people downloading an install and burning it to a CD. This is a packaged version I am using though, so what now?! Several calls to Microsoft support totally fail to bring any resolution and after routing me through to several people they tell me it's an activation problem and the key I have is invalid. This just doesn't make sense to me in terms of the error I was getting.So I started doing some detective work on my own. After a couple hours of diagnostics I was sure the disk itself was fine. I disconnected everything from my computer but my hard drive and the DVD-Rom and tried again, still getting the same error. So my best guess was that it had some problem with the DVD drive. There were no firmware updates available from the manufacturer so I did some more searching and found a site offering upgrades for these drives to newer firmware versions (mainly for the purpose of flashing a newer version with more burn capabilities). So figured I'd give that a shot and see what happened. And wouldn't you know it, that allowed Vista finally to install properly.More on the software later, but this install problem really threw me for a loop. The error was totally unhelpful as was the support at Microsoft. I found reports of people having problems with this error with boxed versions, so it's definitely not unknown yet there was nothing at all in their knowledge base about the cause. The Upgrade Advisor seems pretty useless to me if it can't even find a problem that would result in the software refusing to install! I'd really highly caution anyone that purchases Vista *other* than as part of a new computer system to really be sure they are ready for it. With new computers, the vendor has done all the work of making sure the hardware is compatible, all the drivers work with it, etc. As a home user, you are totally on your own with any problems you run into. Microsoft does give you free support for a short time if you run into problems with the install, but I must say, I found that help to be completely worthless in trying to resolve my own issues, so have little faith in how helpful they are for anything other than typical inexperienced user issues. If you run into serious problems and decide to go back to your previous OS, you most likely will not be able to return the software, or if you can, it will often be with a significant price hit. So be sure to check the return policy on software wherever you purchase it, be it here at Amazon or elsewhere, before making a decision to purchase or not. And if you do decide to install on an existing system, do whatever you can to make sure all your hardware is Vista-ready.I've only been using the software for awhile but so far am fairly underwhelmed. Yeah, it looks nice and there are some neat features, but there's so much that I just shake my head in frustration at. The main problems with Vista are pretty well documented elsewhere. Performance generally slower than on XP (particularly copying files over the network), constant security pop-up messages, common tasks often taking longer to do or setup options being harder to find, all the different versions and the high price, etc. It does seem to put a lot more emphasis on things looking pretty than on getting things done quickly and efficiently. I've mainly been using the Media Center features and it's not been a particularly great experience so far, it's locked up a couple times on me and several times the visualizations stop running for some reason (and tell me I need to restart the computer. Huh??) I had to find a different way to copy over DRM-protected files as it wouldn't move them from my other networked system (I can understand not playing them until I download the rights, but not allowing me to even copy them?? Come on!) I do get frustrated at the things that take me more mouse clicks than before...as someone that suffers from repetitive strain problems, more mouse clicks not only slows me down, it simply is not good from an ergonomic standpoint. The new start menu is a good example...I love the look of it, the integrated search, etc. But why can I not do a cascading programs menu?? I have to click on each submenu to open it, rather than being able to just mouse over. Things like this seem to be an unnecessary step backwards in usability and makes you wonder when Microsoft lost site of keeping their operating system elegant and intuitive to use, in favor of something that "looks cool". Keep in mind as well, that you don't get any kind of user manual, etc. with this software (as is typical for a lot of software these days, particularly MS products)...you have to figure stuff out using the built-in and online help, or purchase a book on Vista to get more step-by-step information on using it. The average user, particularly one moving from XP or older systems, will certainly find themselves a bit lost at times.Hopefully I'll get used to this new monster and appreciate all the new tools it has. But for the high price, it's really hard for me to recommend it unless it comes packaged with a new system. And even then, it's really debatable if it's worth moving to over the tried-and-true XP. I left this one-star review initially on it when I had spent almost 2 days trying unsuccessfully to install it, and I would have to say my overall experience would still come in at a 1-star so far. It definitely has not been a smooth ride. As for rating the operating system portion alone, I'd probably bump that up to 3-stars, it definitely has some very nice graphic improvements, if you have the hardware to handle it, and some improvements and new features that no doubt many people will appreciate.  Many of these though are just as easily available for XP (desktop search and gadgets for instance) so you need to really judge whether it's worth moving to Vista with all its other flaws.
I always think of installing a new operating system as a kind of spa day for your computer. I expect it to be an improvement, and to make the computer happy. Wanting a happy computer, I was happy myself to offer to review this software for the Vine program.As soon as it arrived, I began hearing dire warnings about how installing Vista had killed mightier computers than mine. My software wouldn't work any more, people assured me. And maybe the machine wouldn't even start any more. Other Vine reviewers using the same software were having the same kinds of problems, and all my friends and family echoed their experiences.I pointed out that this was the Ultimate with SP1, and probably all those bugs had been fixed. I showed them how it said on the box that you could move effortlessly from work to play, which is just the thing I would like the computer to do.I searched around for a machine I could test it on without leaving myself without a computer for work.Eventually, I found a laptop whose owner would allow me to try the Vista out. It would not install. We spent a lot of time with the online help, but finally had to give up.So I have to say that I was unsuccessful with this software. And I'm afraid of it now, too.
I hate people who write reviews for products they could not use. But here I am writing one, and I feel it is valid. I have spent the past two weeks living a sort of Vista hell. I was happy to provided with a copy of Vista Ultimate with SP1. I had not upgraded any of our home systems to the new operating system and was anxious to see what was new. I took my Dell  E1705 (with a Vista Capable sticker on it) and decided that I would use that system as my test. This is a well equipped system with 2 GB RAM, a 100GB 7200 HD, 256 Nvidia 7900 GS, and dual core 2.2 chip. Clearly more than enough horsepower to run Vista. Well, I was never able to get the operating system working (I tried twice then said forget it and reformatted my hard drive - the install removed my fast recovery partition). I would be very wary of upgrading an older system to this OS. The driver support and software compatibility is a nightmare. If I ordered a new machine I might consider equipping it with Vista, but upgraders and especially computer novices beware of upgrading an XP system, you are just asking for trouble, and MSFT is providing no free support that I could find.
I have heard so many people complaining about Vista and now I know why. The overhead in this OS is way over the top. I have a brand new iMac - and when I say brand new, I don't just mean for me - this particular model just started rolling off the assembly lines 3 weeks ago. It's a 24" model with a Intel Core 2 Duo 2.8 GHz processor and 512MB of dedicated graphics memory. I installed Vista using VMWare Fusion which is rated to be faster with Vista than via Parallels per the latest benchmarks published in PC Magazine.Even the box this thing came in was confusing. It took me 10 minutes to figure out how I was supposed to open this odd acrylic box without destroying it.VMWare Fusion had the whole system installed in about an hour and a half - one of the fastest Windows installs I've seen, other than when I installed XP, of course.I don't have any apps to run in Vista, so I spent hours just trying out every feature I could to get a good appraisal of it and to give an adequate review.It starts up slower than XP, likely to do to the bloated overhead. Right-clicking doesn't get the snappy response it should. Apparently my 512MB of graphics memory is insufficient for Vista - because only the Windows Flag screensaver will run - the others tell me I need a new graphics card. Hello? It has 512 MB of dedicated VRAM. How many GB of graphics memory does Vista need?Ok - no big deal, so I just can't review the screensavers - fine. Then I went to play Freecell. I'm not sure what was going on in the board room meetings in Redmond when they decided to work on existing games in Windows - but yowza - the overhead is ridiculous. You never have played Freecell this slow in your life.Things that should be very low overhead like WordPad, the Start Menu, etc. are just stuttery slow. I mean it is torture. The system is also frankly, patronizing. Do computer users really need to be alerted when they open an empty folder with the text "This folder is empty" ? A lot of alerts that repeat over and over seem to assume that the user is not simply new to computing, but also incapable of forming short term memories.As with Windows the alt-tab key combo cycles through applications, on the Mac, command-tab cycles through apps as well. Because there was no overt way to remap the keys on the Windows side, I was unable to activate the Windows flip feature. I've yet to try Vista in BootCamp - but it's something I would never do in real life. I'm a Mac user. If I use Windows, it's because I have to, not because I want to - and I want Windows open in another window so I can copy-paste and drag and drop between the two operating systems.It may not be fair to compare apples to oranges here, but I have no other reference point. When Apple came out with each new version of it's Mac OS X operating system iterations, there were loads of videos telling you how to take advantage of all the features. The new OS, Leopard, runs on my 6-year-old Mac w/o any upgrading and it flies on it. Even with SP1, Vista is just slower by an order of magnitude than XP.I use XP at work and was very frustrated moving from Office 2003 to 2007 because all of the menus I knew were gone and moved around. I feel the same way with Vista - familiarity is simply not embraced with this 'upgrade' - you are simply thrown into a whole new environment, replete with many of the old problems, at a much slower pace.As a Mac user, I buy a new Mac approximately every 5 years... that's all I need to really stay current and on top of the latest technologies and software. With Windows, however, you really need a new CPU every 2 years or sooner to make sure your hardware is space-age savvy enough to be able to run the glitz from the new software that Redmond rolls out. I don't see overt advantages to Vista. Their built-in firewall tries to protect you, but to the point of torturing you to death. It is less intuitive to use than its predecessors and I don't see what it does that's new that makes an 'upgrade' worthwhile. This entire OS seems like an utter failure. This is not simply a preference issue of Mac over Windows - putting preferences aside, Vista is simply slow. It has too much bloat compared to XP to make it a pleasant change. If it's more advanced, it should be more compatible (not less), snappier (not slower) and easier to use (not increasingly less intuitive)... especially at the cost - it should be doing something good for you, not punishing you.
This looks like it would be a good product, with a useful suite of features. But the version Amazon sent me didn't include a registration code, so I couldn't install it on my computer. I tore the box apart looking for it, scrutinizing each scrap, but it just wasn't there. Very frustrating.
Let's say I am less than impressed. I expected a pretty simple process: application installation, pop in one of my BluRay disks prepare to be wowed. Two weeks later and considerably jaded, I have yet to be wowed.I'll start with installation. I run Windows Vista 64, so I am used to things not working quite right, however, the fix is usually straight forward. I popped in the WinDVD disk and installation started, then hung. Prompting the first email to Corel support, I was told to install a couple of MicroSoft redistributables (and given the XP links even though I specified that I was on Vista 64 in the trouble report). Redistributables installed I tried again, still hung. Second email to Corel support, I was told to run MSConfig and disable all third party services and try again, still no cigar; I eventually had to boot in safe mode to get the installation to complete. [Note: WinDVD wants you to install QuickTime and Real Player, even though neither seems to be required to play DVDs with WinDVD].I popped a copy of RE: Extinction into the BluRay drive and was prompted with the WinDVD message that the disk region did not match the setting. Apparently that was not set as part of my installation process. No support email this time (apparently this is not unusual) as the correction was in the Corel knowledgebase. Popped the DVD out (you cannot change this while a DVD is in the drive, go figure) made the change and popped the DVD back in. The picture looks like what I would expect for BluRay, although it is right justified in the window. Switching to full screen the image is skewed to the right and the part of the picture shifted off the right side of the monitor is wrapped around on the left side of the monitor. Third email to Corel support, at which time I was told that I did not qualify for email support because I had a trial version (the box looked normal, I'm pretty sure my version was not a trial version) and I should use the customer forums to try to resolve my problem. [Note: Norton flagged WinDVD for attempting to open a port on the internet when first run, not proper behavior from an application without first asking.]Bottom line, the software gets two stars for the installation problems, and the runtime problems, but the experience with Corel support drags this down to one star. I will be uninstalling this product and Real Player and going back to my pre-installed HP Quickplay for watching BluRays. P-)
Undaunted by all the other negative reviews of this product, I decided to install this an dtry it out for myself. I installed it on my laptop which is running Vista pro, has a ton of memory, and a pumped video card.I was intrigued by some of the features, specifically battery saving, and the resolution smoothing.Installation went apparently well - no crashes. I installed Real Player per their suggestion - which put a bunch of icons on my desktop which link to paid services. I had a newer version of Quicktime, so I didn't install that.So what happens when I double-click the icon? Absolutely nothing. The program doesn't start. When I check task manager there is no running application and no process associated with this software. I tried several times, but nothing.Given that just about everyone who reviewed this product had issues, I can surmise that I am not a rare case with some strange hardware configuration.For my experience with this application, I should give zero stars, but Amazon has a minimum of 1.
For this amount of money - this software should be perfect, however it is far from that.  On two pc's, I couldn't get it to run at all - one of those was running vista, and one was running xp.  On the one pc I did get it to run on, it would crash trying to play a basic movie dvd (not even blu-ray) and when I used it to play divx files, it had no sound because an AC3 decoder is not included.  Even after downloading the open source AC3 filter, it would only output 2 channel audio thru the spdif when playing divx files - I don't know if this is also the case for DVD's, because like I said, it crashed outright trying to play a dvd.  WinDVD used to be such a great media player, but it certainly isn't any more. For this kinda money, you'd be much better off buying Nero 8 ultra which includes Nero showtime that very nicely decodes all video files and has no problem outputting surround sound thru SPDIF, plus with Nero 8 ultra you can burn to blu-ray,cd or dvd, edit audio and video, backup files and much much more.
The only positive thing Corel WinDVD 9 Plus provided in my experience was comic relief, because after hours of putting up with it's problems and inconsistencies, that's all I could do was laugh it off and give up. The customer support is a joke. You have to email them and the only responses you'll get are either a) download the patches or b) uninstall and reinstall the program. When neither of these works to fix all issues, you're left with the option of calling tech support at a cost of $15! Outrageous.In the end, I am left with a program that works to play standard DVD's, will not play HD-DVD's at all, and freaks out at random spots when trying to play Blu-ray. A complete waste of time. The best advice I can give is to save your money and stay far, far away from this product.
I don't think I have anything new to add to the other complaints about bad tech support, issues with adware and the program becoming inoperable.  It's at the end of its life cycle now.  Don't buy it.  You will hate yourself if you do.  Whatever happened to Corel?
That's how long I left this program on my computer. I have long been a fan of Microsoft Streets and Trips - I've owned several versions and have been really happy with version 2007. I travel all over the state and find the ability to place a "Push-pin" on any location of importance is a huge help. The ability to customize those push-pins in particular, was a great help. All the workshops and meetings I travel to are marked with a black push-pin. All the restaurants I frequent are little blue squares. My personal locations are marked with a green push-pin. Fishing spots - a little fish. Even all my bank locations are marked with a small red box (you never know when you'll need an ATM). I really found that to be a huge benefits of the program, above and beyond the fantastic trip creation ability. In fact, these pushpins can actually be the starting place, destination, or somewhere else in between when the software creates a route for you. Well, I got the new version yesterday and loaded it with great anticipation - I was finally going to have a GPS system attached to my laptop. Well, after three attempts I finally got the laptop to actually find the GPS receiver, and then it couldn't find a satellite. My Sprint GPS phone had no problem finding my location at the exact same moment, by the way.Now, let's talk a bit about the software. I was immediately put off by the way they set up the "navigation" of the software. I found the older version intuitive and easy to use - quite in tune with the way other Microsoft products work. I didn't like the new version, but I'm sure I could have gotten used to it over time. However, there was one huge problem that killed this software for me. They have removed most of the pushpin options from the program. When I loaded my main state file, it had to convert it to the new version. Stupidly I saved it. When I realized that it had also converted all of pushpin locations to other types of markers I went in to the properties of one and found out that they have eliminated about 3/4 of the different pushpins. My collection of four years of work was ruined. Luckily, I also typically save individual routes, so I just went back a couple months and found a file that was almost complete. I uninstalled version 2009, reloaded 2007 and saved that file over my original one. I manged to save 99% of my data.If you have never used Streets and Trips, I'm sure you will be very happy with the mapping and trip creation portion of the program. I'm not too sure about the GPS receiver. You might want a better quality one than this one. It has a a ton of different things in the datbase - restuarants, hospitals, schools, town halls - you name it - it's in there. It can really help you get around without getting lost. If you don't like the route the computer plots out for you, you can drag and drop the route to another location and it will re-map your route, and let you print out turn by turn directions, a map or combination of both (like the old AAA Trip-Ticks that were so popular years ago).If you are a long-time user of Streets and Trips and, like me, have documented your travels using the pushpins, DON"T BUY IT! You'll be sorry you did!
I'm running Windows XP SP2 on my computer.  I also had the McAfee Virus Scan Plus installed.  Upon uninstalling MVSP, the Kaspersky AV software doesn't install.  You'll be able to unpack it, and it will run start-up scripts.  However, it will find that you still have McAfee products on your computer, and will not install until you remove them--even after you've removed them.That being said, I tried for 4 hours, trying to re-install Kaspersky to to avail.  There is nothing that is McAfee related on my computer anymore, and Kaspersky still doesn't install itself.I have to give it 1-star since I can't even get it to install.  I do not know what the characteristics of it if it were to install.-----Update: After 10+ reboots, the Kaspersky AV install finally got over the non-existant McAfee programs, but yet again is stopped.  The reason this time?  It is not compatible with either Spybot or Norton AV.  You know what?  This software can take a hike to the trash bin.
If I think this product is worth less than 1 star, why did I buy it?  Because I had the 2007 version and it worked ok, although weak on spyware detection. I had a 2 year license and would have been happy to simply extend it for a reasonable fee.  Unfortunately Kaspersky is greedy beyond belief and wanted more for a simple license renewal than I could buy a whole new boxed version at a local brick and mortar store.I checked Amazon and they had AV 2009 for under twelve bucks (unexplicably today they are selling the same "old version" for sixty bucks. What is up with that?).  So it was an easy decision to pay the twelve rather than the outrageous renewal fee.  MISTAKE!As others have pointed out my computer immediately slowed down to the speed of something from 1963.  Okay, I know didn't have computers in 1963 but you get my point.  This version doesn't do anything different, why is it such a resource hog?As others have pointed out, KAV2009 does NOT play well with Microsoft Office.  I immediately began having problems saving files because the AV software was trying to protect the file.  How can anyone work with MS Office if they can't save files?  If I turn KAV2009 off, Office works perfectly, turn it back on and the problem happens again. There is no doubt that the AV software is at fault.  How can any software manufacturer try to sell a product that doesn't work with MS Office?I've had it for about a week and simply can't live with the turtle-slow performance so even though I have almost a full year to go I have ordered another brand to replace it.  I have nothing good to say about KAV2009.
My computer did not have any previous issue with it. I saw kaspersky on deal with gold box, so i decided to try it out. Midway through installation, the computer crashed, with an irq overflow, and it rebooted itself. I then tried installing it again, but windows Data Execution Prevention kept kicking in and killing the install, so I decided to disable the DEP. It then asked me to reboot my computer, and when i did, the computer wouldn't even start in safe mode. I had to do a gateway system restore which keeps my data, but reformats windows, so now I have to reinstall all my programs.There is no warnings, or instructions in the joke of a user manual they include. Do I want to try to install this again? NO! This piece of poo is going back to amazon asap!
The three levels come on separate program CD's and each include three CD audio companion disks  - for use away from the computer.  That's a total of 12 disks.  Also included in the box is a microphone/headset.The first program installed easily on my laptop, running the XP operating system.  The headphone jacks plugged directly into the laptop and everything worked the first time.  I even tried another brand of microphone/headphone that used a USB connection, and that worked just as well on both my laptop and my desktop using XP.  However, if you are using Vista, or have installed a sound card upgrade, you should first be sure your microphone input is available and working properly before you make this purchase. But the program will also run in a No Voice Input Mode and still teach the language. Voice input just gives you the opportunity to say words or phrases and get immediate analysis and feedback on pronunciation.Several people can be named and use the program lessons in turn - or at the same time on separate computers.  You cannot make copies of the three program CD's, but you can load them on any number of computers from the original program CD's.  The audio disks can be copied to MP3 format or any other as many times as you wish.Lessons start something like this: On the screen appears two photographs and two possible answers to click on in response to each.  You get immediate feedback that you either made the right choice or the wrong one.  Then other questions involve four choices for four German words and phrases and you click on the correct picture for each.  When you complete each lesson you are given your score.  If you get 85% or better you start the next lesson.  If you got less than 85% you are offered the opportunity to repeat the lesson.  You can repeat each lesson any time you want by going to the home page.  Each lesson builds on what you have learned from the previous lessen(s) so you don't have to get 100% each time.English is never used in the lessens - only German.  The lessons consist of core lessons, pronunciation, vocabulary, grammar, listening, writing, reading, speaking, and review.  This is not exactly how German children learn, but it certainly is an improvement over just listening to German words and phrases with the English translation, and then trying to memorize and speak German only as fast as you can remember the translation from English - or whatever is your native language.  You learn to think in German similarly to how German children learn.The audio disks consist of listening and repeating words and phrases learned from the lessons.  Except that an English speaking announcer tells you to either just listen, or to listen and repeat. This helps both pronunciation, memory, and the feeling of being submerged in the study.  I play my audio disks through headphones while I workout at the gym.  Nobody seems to notice that I'm repeating German words and phrases as I exercise.When you complete all the lessons of a unit, you go on to a Milestone.  There you practice using what you have learned and participate in conversations, form your own questions, etc.  After completing each Milestone you can start the next level - until you finish the third level Milestone.  Yes, this actually is a gigantic learning load for an old guy.  I expect my progress to be slower than the average student because I'm 70.  But my German friends seem to appreciate that I am trying to build stronger bonds with them.UPDATE; 6/12/2010It has been way, way, way more than six months since I started learning German.  My elderly German "friends" have dumped me and I have flunked this course.  Only five possibilities exist for my failure:(1) I am stupid.(2) I am too old to learn a new language.(3) I have lost interest.(4) This language program, and all others, sucks or,(5) All Germans suck.I don't care which possibility you select.  I have modified my STAR rating.
This review can become quite long if I elaborate too much so I'll stick to bullet points to explain my experience with the program.  I was optimistic because this program received high marks from Consumer Reports but they're not known for being as thorough with software as they are with other products.  I gave this program the college try but I found numerous problems and cannot recommend it.  For instance:1) My DVD/CD player was unable to detect the presence of this program on the provided CD so I needed to download it from their website.2) During installation, the program asked if I wanted to update everything but the update failed with an error message (future updates worked ok)3) At random times it would steal focus from whatever I was doing (like typing this review).  I'm not sure but I believe this happens every time it updates.4) When it scans my system for viruses (2 1/2 hours for a full scan) it doesn't prompt you for action, it simply deletes the file without your input.  The settings can be changed to quarantine the file, but given the number of false positives that come from antivirus scanners, deleting is a horrible default choice and they need to give us the option to skip the file if we know it's safe.5) Speaking of defaults, it doesn't scan http traffic by default and real-time antivirus and antispyware are not enabled by default.  Not sure why.6) On the other hand, it doesn't seem to detect what programs are installed in your system as I had Yahoo Messenger scanning enabled by default even though it's not installed.So far these are just minor annoyances, however, the following leads me to believe there are more systemic problems:1) In spite of Bitdefender clearly stating it supports my email client (Thunderbird), it rendered it unusable.  When I open Thunderbird, a message pops up saying, "In order to manage spam, it is necessary to select one or more emails."  This box steals focus and prevents you from doing anything else on your computer.  There's a box to check to it wouldn't show this message again, however even when checked the box keeps popping up over and over until you terminate Thunderbird.2) When running the antispam "wizard" it does not detect either my Thunderbird email folder or my address book and it provided no avenue for me to point out the correct folders.  Since the filter could not be trained, the constant popup boxes rendered Thunderbird unusable and I was prevented from checking my emails.3) Bitdefender allows no option to pause or disable protection.  In fact, even when these are disabled manually in settings they continue to load in the background.  In other words, even when I tell it not to load antispam (since it didn't work) it would continue to load, generate popup boxes, and render Thunderbird unusable.4) Bitdefender adds toolbars to your email and web clients and, while they may be useful, they take up an entire row of space for just one icon and they don't allow you to move the icon to a different toolbar.5) Like others, I was only given 250MB of online backup space as opposed to the 2GB promised on the box.6) Worst of all, it is impossible to disable Bitdefender from running.  There is a box to check in settings to tell it whether or not to load at startup.  This is ignored and Bitdefender will load regardless of what you want.Similar problems exist when you try to get web based support.  If you go to chat support, they will not accept any messages longer than 128 characters.  Unfortunately, they don't tell you this beforehand.  Even when you correct this, the support client stops working.  You have to close your web browser and start over from scratch.  I finally jumped through all the hoops and connected to support.  The first time I connected I waited for five minutes with no response.  Eventually I was prompted to leave them an email message.  The second time I connected someone named "Bob" connected.  I explained the problems I was having and he simply left the chat session with no response whatsoever.  Later I receive an email response to my first session saying I need to set up an account before they would respond (I already did this).In short, I believe this program wasn't tested properly before release and support was not helpful.  There are too many bugs that need to be fixed before I could recommend it to anyone.
I gave BitDefender an honest try, hoping that it would provide better protection than the horrible McAfee I was dealing with before. Unfortunately, it did not. BitDefender Total Security 2009 is a complete mess. It locked up my computer when it was trying to scan, to the point where web pages would freeze and then 10 minutes later they'd herky-jerk back to life for a minute, then freeze up again. After a frustrating encounter with a lack of quality customer service, I had to uninstall it and get rid of it for good because I just could not take it anymore. I've since switched to Avast and had absolutely no issues at all with scans or freezing. Bottom line, unless you want a major headache, pass on BitDefender.
If you're like me, you've spent much time with these consumer-level security software over the past few years.  Chances are that your experiences were not entirely positive. While offering some clear value to us, they normally come preloaded on computers and bombard you with notifications and updates, while draining valuable system resources (I HATE THAT don't you?). As such, these programs have gotten a reputation for being bloated and inefficient, while free antivirus offerings, like AVG and Avast, have proven themselves to be worthy alternatives, at least for core features.Strengths: Good at scanning for viruses and malware. Tons of features, easy to use.  Report and monitor internet attempts/ Hits on your PC. Pretty bells sounds and graphs.Weaknesses: Terrible load times and slow to respond. Kept crashing after roughly 9 months of use - customer service was terrible. Can bog down system though not as bad as Norton Internet security suite. Nightmare to update, renew, and if something goes wrong, another nightmare to uninstall. Poor Tech support.Overall Evaluation: If you can get it to load, and get it to respond (even on a fairly quick computer it took forever), then it's a decent protection package. However, if you really don't know a lot about protection programs or have a very short temper when it comes to computers, I suggest staying away - this package causes headaches and so does customer support.  As owner of my equipment I agree to abide by software protocols. McAfee is different. Once their software GRABS your PC. You cannot escape. Sooner you will delete essential files than remove McAfee from registry.  The software written not to be deleted. Scare?? yup.. I've experienced this FIRST hand.  McAfee has "parasite" my unit so I had to rebuild. Mcafee has unveiled an improved UI, which makes the software easier to use. It seems effective in protecting my machines from harm, but couldn't it do it without bogging down my computers so much?
This is the first time I have ever encountered a PC security suite (anti-virus, firewall, download/web monitoring) that is completely incompatible with 64-bit Windows Vista. If you have a new computer running Windows Vista 64-bit (this includes MANY new PCs from HP, Dell, Gateway, Lenovo, Acer, and more) then do not buy this program.If you try to install PC Tools Internet Security 2009 on a PC running Windows Vista 64-bit the software creates a pop-up window saying the program is not compatible with 64-bit operating systems and it closes the installer ... preventing you from installing the software. Most applications that can't run in 64-bit mode still allow you to install the software in 32-bit mode, but this software won't let you do that! As soon as PC Tools Internet Security 2009 detects a 64-bit operating system it just stops working.I tried installing this software on an HP Pavilion dv4 notebook with Windows Vista 64-bit and a home-built desktop running Windows Vista 64-bit and each time PC Tools Internet Security 2009 failed to install.Why should this matter? Because 64-bit Windows is the future, and 99 percent of new computers with 4GB or more of system RAM are running Windows Vista 64-bit. This means new computers with good specs (lots of RAM) cannot use this software.Whoever developed this software for PC Tools and decided to make it completely incompatible with 64-bit Vista needs to be fired.
PC Tools Internet Security package is a really spectacular hodgepodge of software designed to protect your computer.  It comes with spyware, adware, antivirus, firewall, spam monitors and something called Behavior Guard that lets you know you're flirting with disaster (it's an anti-phishing plug in that spots fake websites posing as real ones).Unfortunately, these all seem to gang up to choke some computers, mainly mine.In the past I've used Zone Alarm and AVG free, both free firewalls and anti-virus tools; however, Vista is a wicked mistress and Zone Alarm sometimes balked and AVG had a horrible time updating as it would be blocked by either Vista or Zone Alarm.Installation of this product was no problem and it seemed to work to one or two reboots but things got goofy quickly.First, it figured out my Google Gadgets I use in lieu of the Vista Desktop happened to have something dangerous.  It would no longer allow Google to load any gadgets.  When I finally forced it to load Google it gave me a warning that some of the gadgets must be Trojan horses because they were attempting to access the Internet.  Of course, they were.  One of the gadgets is a clock and another is weather.  They need to access the net in order to transmit and receive information.Then it caused my computer to choke at every boot.  I went from a relatively quick 35 second boot to a 5+ minute nightmare of stalled programs.  It would choke MS Instant Messenger to the point it just stopped working.No matter how much I pulled back the reins of the PC Tools program, it would assume common programs were dangerous.  Making matters worse, Vista refused to acknowledge the program and kept telling me I had no protection when, in fact, I did.By the way, before you think I tried this program on an older piece of junk, let me advise you this was tried on a new EMachines D620 running an AMD Turion chip and 4 GB RAM.  This is no lightweight Windows 98 machine.In disgust, I finally gave up after a couple days and went back to Windows Defender and AVG.
I thought the McAfee programs were bad about being memory pigs, but I've never seen ANY program that can come even close to being as big of a HOG AS THIS ONE! With it just running in the background, and only this,I checked my Windows Task Manager and it was using over 700 MB of memory and had the CPU pegged at 100%.Yes, my computer is a little old. But its not that bad! It has a 1.7 Ghz processor, 512 mg of ram. Its an old Dell OptiPlex GX240 with a 35 gig hard drive. So ya, it ain't a hot rod like it was when it was new but it isn't ready for the trash can yet.The thing is, I have never seen any program use up so much memory andCPU doing nothing! I ran a couple of scans with it, one quick scan that didn't find anything and one complete scan that took over 24 hrs. It didn't find anything either.Then I ran my old SpyBot and SpywareBlaster and they both found a few things on just a quick scan. So don't waist your money on this one or your time installing it. Unless you have at least a gig or more of RAM memory don't even think about installing this and still be able to do anything else with your computer with this just running in the background. And even if you have plenty of memory, 3 or 4 gig, it still isn't worth installing. Not in my opinion anyway. There are several other programs that do better and use less and a lot of them are free.Overall I'm very disappointed in this program and I would not recommend it to any one.
I guess photo programs and me don't get along.  I have an aging computer (AMD 3000+ with 2GB RAM), a Brother printer and a Kodak digital camera.  I already trashed Kodak's EasyShare program because it (also) ran like a slug.  This program runs just as slowly.  Even something as simple as hovering over an icon takes over 3 seconds before the tool tip shows up.I do heavy duty number crunching with database software without problems.  Anything except the most recent games run fine on my computer.  Videos, DVD's no problem.  So why simple multimedia programs consume so much resources on my system is a mystery to me.  I can't even open and print a simple photograph as it generates error messages.  I give up.  Sorry, Corel.
I find this program powerful but not helpful in its design. It is difficult. I tried Corel's Paint shop pro easier, more logical and just as powerful. The Corel program is very mainstream and accepts many useful plug-ins just like elements. This program needs a total redesign for the the advanced consumer market - is is locked into the more difficult aspects of Photoshop.
Ok, so maybe the title of this review is a little exaggerated, but overall it's fairly truthful.  When I first got version 6 I was amazed at how many new features had been added to the software.  As of yet, I haven't even been able to find a single new feature in version 7 that I care about.  The chances mostly come in the form of social networking additions, although I'd guess that if you know how to use photoshop then you also know how to do these functions on your own, so I'm not sure what the point is exactly.Anyways, if you have version 6, DO NOT UPGRADE to this.  If you are first time photoshop user I'd suggest that you search and see if you can get a better price on version 6 because you aren't missing anything here.  If you can't get a better price, well there's technically nothing wrong with version 7 so go for it.
Like at least one earlier reviewer mentioned, the McAfee software indicates that registration (after installtion) is completely optional, only necessary if you want to receive automatic updates.  I typically make it a habit of avoiding uncessary registrations to cut down on the amount of junk mail (physical) and email I receive.  After installing and opting out of registration, the program shows that it is running in Internet Explorer, however it just doesn't work at all.  Completely dead.  Nada.  And no messages or any indication that it will NEVER work until you register.  I performed at least 2 re-installs and over an hour of huge frustration, before I checked the Amazon reviews to discover that the registration is in fact mandatory for the program to work.  I'm really not interested at all in continuing to use a product (or a brand for that matter) that treats its users like this, leading to wasted frustrating hours of installation, because McAfee couldn't be bothered to display the correct information about registration.
I suppose people who use only free security downloads may have use for this program - if they really need to keep some files unavailable to other family members.  I doubt that Police, or any High School hacker, will have much difficulty getting access.  Still, it is another barrier.I installed this program on my laptop running XP Professional.  Their was no problem loading, and no problems setting it up the first time I used it.But, I have absolutely no use for this program.  McAfee brags that it will work with Norton and many other security programs, and it does work with my Norton 360.  However, Norton 360 includes a similar anti-theft feature using a vault.  It is just one of seventeen features.Worse, it ignores the possibility of simply saving files you do not want anyone else to see on a memory card. You hide the card when you turn off your computer.  I do this with my Palm PDA files, just sticking the card in a drawer.  I would do this with porn if I had any, only I would hide it better.  HeHeSave your money, and save space on your computer.  In my humble opinion, this program just isn't worth the trouble.
This software did not successfully install on either of two different computers (one running Windows XP, one running Windows 7).Because of this, no chance to evaluate any of its functions.Avoid.
I received my copy of this product through the Amazon Vine Program. When I saw it was available I jumped at the opportunity since I have a great many hours of camcorder tapes in various formats that need to be transferred to a more recent and usable format. So when the box had printed "Easy VHS to DVD, that is exactly what I was looking for, or was it?I spent quite some time trying to get the software to load, however I did not let that bother me as I have encountered such problems in the past and since I only have approximately 20 years experience with computers this has happened in the past. I am by no means a computer or Mac expert however I have some basic knowledge and skills when it comes to the PC and Mac.I read dozens of other reviews on this product and was determined to not let my attempts fall in the same negative category. I spent quite some time in getting the software loaded and finally after several attempts the software seemed to be loaded and would appear to be ready for the first transfer. The box comes with software and the Roxio propriety cables however you will need to supply the RCA or S-Video cables depending on what kind of camcorder or VCR you have. I had both thus I needed both sets of cables. I am still waiting on the S-Video cable to arrive so I started with the RCA cable hookup to me camcorder and the Roxio cable hookup.I followed the "meager" instructions exactly. I could not get the tape to copy. I switched "disk" and still nothing happened. By the way I cannot locate anything in the instructions that indicate what type disk is suable with this software. I tried both DVD R minus and DVD R plus. I got the same error message on each telling me the disk was not compatible. I though I had everything working and starting to transfer my first tape which was two hours long. I patiently waited while I though the tape was transferring and at the end of the process I ejected the DVD only to learn it was completely blank. I read and re-read the instructions and after wasting half a dozen DVDs I gave up and took a break.I then engaged a second party and after two hours he was about to give up when we found a DVD that seemed to work. After many trial and error attempts we were successful in getting a one minute recording that we could play back on the computer and we even tried it on the large screen TV and it worked.If you are willing to spend a lot of time string numerous alternatives, you will eventually get a copy to your DVD. This is not and I repeat an "EASY" product to deal with.I am now asking my self, is it worth the time and effort needed, or should I just toss this copy of Roxio. To get 500 hours of tape transferred to DVDs will take at least twice that long and the transferring is minute by minute for each of the tapes, I am also faced with having to go back and document this time the exact steps needed to get the transfers completed. The instruction book is certainly not that vehicle.Someone may ask why did I not call support. After reading all the negative reviews about the complete absence of support from this company I decided I did not want to make matters worse so that did not become an option.Now let me deal with the quality issues. My tapes were made in the 1980s thus some are about thirty years old. I have stored then in a good environment so the tapes would not become brittle. (PS--I was a U S Marine Corps photographer and this was one of the things I learned about films). The  DVD results was good but not excellent. Colors were a little faded however that may have been due to the age of the film. On a wide scree, both on the PC and the TV, the picture will only fill about two thirds of the screen. There is more than likely a way to enhance that picture and I just have to figure that one out. I also need to have plenty of DVDs as I used up about a dozen during my "learning process".Is this worth the effort? I really don't think so. The tapes will eventually transfer minute by minute thus with about 1000 hours of recording on the tapes I will have to spend days to get them copied. It would literally take months. I think I would have an acceptable product when I got all copied however I am not sure at this time. I plan to go back and spend a couple of hours documenting what I did to get the process completed and then make a two hour DVD to see if I want to pursue this project at this time.I lost my helper on the project as he said "never again".I cannot give this product a high rating as the instructions are not good and there is little or no help available.In spite of the title, "Easy" this product is anything but easy.If you have a free afternoon and you have patiences of an expert's knowledge of your PC, then go for this product. I noticed the price on Amazon is only half the retail price thus $29.95 may not be that greta loss to see if you can conquer this rascal. Lastly this product does not support all camcorders. I frankly have no ideal which ones.
My wife has around two hundred VHS's (give or take 50). I don't know what's on them but I always wanted to dispose of them but my wife wants to archive them.We got this Roxio program and was going record these to DVD on a massive scale, I guess we will have to buy something better. We have had nothing but trouble with this. I had to upgrade my PC to get it to work upped the ram and when I finally got it to work it is choppy and the picture quality is terrible, it is jerky and the video is unwatchable. you can barely hear the sound and there is a lot of distortion with it.I hear the Elgato video capture is rated the highest, I'll probably get that one.Update: I did get the Elegato and it is easy and works without any problem at all. The only complaint is that both Roxio and Elegato try to make it simple to record tapes but they make it too simple and so you give up more advanced editing and color adjustment capabilities. You have to do any true editing in some other program.
The quality of captured video is not so good...grainy and colors not accurate. But the most annoying issue is that as you are capturing the video, it randomly gives the "PROTECTED SIGNAL" error and stops the process. The roxio says this error will appear if you are capturing copyrighted video, but these are my own. That's the whole point of using this!found that many people are facing the same issue. I do not recommend purchasing this product.
I was never able to get this program to work correctly for transferring VHS to DVD. I tried a few times then finally gave up. I want to try using it to digitize some old vinyl records but unfortunately our turntable doesn't have the needed connections. If we ever update our turntable, I will try  this program  & update my review.
I unfortunately had the same poor experience as many other reviewers with this product.  Installation was a nightmare, crashing and error codes constantly.  Nearly impossible to completely uninstall and lots of problems with drivers.  There are supposed to be "fixes" that you can download, but of course, they didn't help either.  I got it to load one time, then nothing but crashes.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, that didn't help either.There is no "live" support unless you want to pay a fee, the instruction booklet is completely unhelpful with which settings to use....it tells you to go to the Roxio website, which was no help either.  Everything you do with this program causes it to crash/freeze....all requiring you to do a hard reboot as even the screen freezes.I use a Toshiba Satellite running Vista 32 but it seems like it doesn't matter what brand of computer or what system, this product needs to go back to the drawing board.
Save your money for when there are groupon deals for converting your VHS.  I only had 6 tapes I wanted converted, thankfully most of my important recording were on DV Tape.You will end wasting your time trying to reconfigure the settings and the setup to keep the video/audio synced.  Even when you disable all security software and nothing else running the program cannot handle the conversion. Not sure if it the software or the cable connection.I cannot recommend this product.
I have had this product for some time and I have to tell you to save your money. At this point, it would be easier for me to buy a digital camcorder and record off the television! Loading the software was not as bad as some have described, however, I too would get "signal protected" and the transfer would stop. These are videos I took! Lastly, I uninstalled the program because I was getting a lot of lock-ups. They did not happen before, and have not happened since. Good riddance! It's not worth frustrating yourself.....pass on this! I am done with this product.
I purchased this unit to move hq video onto the computer as a file.  The quality was worse than VHS quality and no where near the quality of the origional.  Waste of money.  Since it was my error I did not return it.  I threw it in the trash. Did it work?  Yes, but not worth the effort.
I tried to get this product to work on both XP and Windows 7 systems, but it was a frustrating experience, to say the least.  Adding to the problem is a lack of support from Roxio, a company I really liked half a dozen years ago.  No more.I did get it going on Windows 7, but it frequently crashes and the copy quality is nearly unacceptable.  For now, I'm keeping the tape player and tapes - that's easier and more satisfying. Don't waste your money on this!
This is not a good product and I recommend you avoid this.  First, the manual/website aren't very helpful in problem solving.  Second, there are many problems.  Key for me is the unacceptable quality level of the transfer when you CAN get the interface to work... and I cannot get transfers started at least half the time without an interruption of some sort due to error messages.  I am at my wit's end and give up.
I was really looking forward to trying Roxio's Easy VHS to DVD software since I had great experiences with their Easy CD Creator package and I have some vhs tapes that need to be converted while the quality is still viable.Unfortunately, my experience with this program was similar to many other reviewers in that I could not get the program to work.I installed the software on a Windows XP machine running Service Pack 3 with updated drivers and lots of memory and storage space.  No problems with the installation or the video capture (at first!), however, the burn segment would not complete; I kept getting error messages at 97% so that the disk would not finalize.  I experimented with short segments and a complete program and got the same results each time.  So I did a video capture only but found I could not transfer this to a disk nor could I burn it with another program.I researched everything I could on updating firmware, on (what appears to be) Roxio's non-helpful Technical Support (many complaints about their abysmal support) and finally decided to reinstall and try over.Both times I got skipping and noise buzz and the disks still would not complete the burn and finalize process.  After ruining ten Taiyo Yuden high quality dvds I gave up.I wanted this program to work and I hate giving it a poor review, however, I think Roxio needs to rethink this one.  Do not use unless you like DVD coasters aplenty.
I received this product free to evaluate.  After trying to get it installed several times I finally just gave up!  I kept getting a message that another instance of "setup.exe" was running even when it wasn't.  When I would click "OK" the installation would come to an end indicating that it had not been installed and I should try again later.  Which I did--but still ended up getting the same messages.After reading the other negative reviews here, and not having any of my own money invested in this project, I decided to save myself both time and a lot of frustration by not trying to contact their support, or download anything else to try to get this to work.
I tried installing this on my one year old dual-core Compaq with 3 GB memory, and Vista 32 bit with the latest service pack.  On the installation status bar, the bar never moved past 3/4".  I waited 30 minutes for it to complete the installation and it never did anything else, so I cancelled and started the installation again.  Still it never worked, so I called Roxio and told them I wasn't going to pay any fee for technical help.The customer service agent told me I had the wrong version of Roxio Easy VHS to DVD - that I needed the red box (WTH???) for Vista.  I told him the box stated it was for XP or Vista and he was incorrect.  He couldn't help me with any other suggestions - I was wasting my time.  This isn't the first time I've had problems with Roxio and I've learned from past experience that the forums are worthless also.I tried installing it for a THIRD time - 3rd time wasn't "charm" either.  I don't need the frustration this software caused so I gave up.It's really too bad this didn't work, I was hoping to transfer my old cassettes to CD's, which the box said it was capable of doing.  Maybe I'll try some software made by another company, as I have tons of cassettes I no longer can listen to.
The first install took close to an hour as I have extensive media files that it automatically linked to it's program.I have now installed and updated five times with no end in sight.  Each time the lengthy update is complete, I am instructed to reboot.  When I open any one of the three applications, it begins the update process again.I have tried to open a photo in their photo editing component but can't, apparently due to my inability to fully update.I am a long time Photoshop user and also use Corel Painter and Paint Shop Pro and have never experienced these kinds of problems.I would appreciate a comment if any one knows how to get around this problem.
I'm not sure what it is with me and Corel products, but I couldn't even get this to run. I would run through the install process and when I ran it I would get nothing. I tried installing a few times to avail. I'm running Windows 7 and don't know if that had something to do with it, but it is the only program I've had these problems with. Corel support was useless.
Within the past 18 months, I've become more and more a fan of Corel products - until Digital Studio 2010.  I encountered so many problems with this software that I've removed it from my computer and don't anticipate attempting to use it again.Here's my experience:Just entering the license number was a pain.  I'd get to a certain point entering the code and the program would flip back to the license agreement.  Start all over again.  Not exactly the best introduction to new software.I began my evaluation of the software with the photo section.  Now I understand that this product is for home use, but there are few photo improvements that can be done with this product, and, as a long-time user of Photoshop, I found the lack of tools frustrating.Next, I got caught in an upgrade loop. I upgraded as requested, restarted the computer, and was immediately caught in the loop that continually wanted to upgrade and restart.  After the second upgrade, I refused further and got out of the loop, but how would a not-so-computer-savvy grandmother handle this?Next, I encountered so many screen freezes that I was forced to removed and reinstall the program (Reinstall #1).The program installed WinDVD 10, as indicated by a desktop icon, but when I clicked on the icon - nothing! The computer could not located the execute file.At this point, I removed and reinstalled again (Reinstall #2), but still, no execute file could be located.  And now, I was done.  Rather than spend more hours in frustration, I removed the program from my computer.This is the first Corel product that has thoroughly disappointed me.  I hope they'll take it back to the drawing board and work out the bugs in a hurry.  As it stands now, it does not work or play well with my Vista Premium operating system.
I have yet to enjoy any of the features of this program because the separate entities will not load.  I can't get past the viewer, which is a frustrating entity in and of itself.  I have  endured the endless updates every time I open the program, all to no avail.  I initially thought it was because my newly restored hard drive did not have Vista's Service Pack 1 installed, so I tried that.  No help.  I then installed Service Pack 2 and that made no difference.  So I did a system restore to before both Service Packs were installed and that, too, made no difference.  To top it off, every time I opened the program and it insisted on updating, I would lose my internet connection and have to reset my router upon restart.  Very strange.  I have uninstalled this software for good at this stage.All this said, I imagine this product could be decent if you're lucky enough to have the system requirements beyond those listed on the package. I am familiar with Paintshop and truly have enjoyed earlier versions. I also should mention that I have had good experiences with Corel's support in the past, and did not attempt a phone call this time. Do I feel bad about writing a bad review without even resorting to calling customer support?  No, because I know my computer is running properly.
I wish I could review the effectivness of this product.  However, I never got it installed.Let me start by saying I am not a computer idiot.  I am better than most non-IT people.  My computer worked fine prior to this, never had a single problem.After spending several HOURS completing the installation the first time, probably the most complicated installation and software update Ive ever done, the program simply uninstalled itself from my computer.Since I was forced to reinstall it, I started the process over.  Interestingly, it didnt let me.  It simply froze my computer for 20 minutes, deleted all my security settings, then my computer would simply go to a black screen whenever I clicked an icon or even right clicked the screen for the menu.I called the number on the box for help, only to be told by the person on the phone that they only support business customers after hours, I would need to call back during regular business hours to get help.  Its 4:00 in the afternoon where I am at, I thought that was regular business hours.  Come to find out, they are only open for "personal user support" from 9:00 to 4:00 EST.  So I will have to take a day off of work so that I can be at home with my computer when I call back.In the meantime, my computer doesnt work, at all.  Installing this software has effectively killed my computer and Im going to have to miss a days work to be able to stay at home during East Coast bankers hours to get some technical support from them!DO NOT buy this product, stick with Norton or MacAfee.
Nice that it comes on a USB to support NetBooks, but still this version is not much of an improvement from last year.  There are problems with this product--as it is not as effective as others in it's antivirus protection (viruses and malware attacks.)  The only features that were improved were the parental controls, user interface, and it is easy to install.  Which is not enough for me to consider this product.  Trend Micro needs to improve this product more before I would consider this my only PC security.
There are several better choice than Trend Internet Security 2010.  Below are the issues I found while using it.  I ended up uninstalling it and wen back to Avast and ThreatFire.  Windows Firewall is fine for most users.========Required Avast be removed which is ok but it needed to reboot and only then did it tell me to remove ThreatFire after which it required a 2nd reboot.  Also ThreatFire is  designed to run with AV SW but Trend seemed to ignore this.Pauses after installation but leaves install software screen up which is confusing.Turned off Windows Defender but left it running in tray which made Windows Defender show an error status since it's no longer runningWindows firewall also has warning while Trend is updating even though Trend has a firewall.Doesn't automatically update and scan after installationThe link to some "How To" videos is actually link to all products that Trend sells and it isn't obvious where to find the video.Had to change Firewall profile from Direct Internet Connection to Home Network.Can Auto  change profile depending on your location so this might be useful for a laptop but I didn't try it.Found my FIOS set-top boxes and one NAS drive but not my other Windows 7 PC's.The default Firewall setting  is minimum  protection!Parental controls is schedule based and can not enforce time limits.  I don't care if my kids choose to get online before school, after school or before bed but I want to be able to limit their time to say 30 minutes per day.  Trend doesn't allow this.On Trend's web page the review page is misleading.  It has a PC Magazine review but it's for tlast years Pro version.  PC Magazine does have a review on the 2010 home version and they say it's "program we're not recommending."  Funny how that never made it to their web page.[...]AV-Test came in 8 out of 10==============In short this program is not worth it.  Even if it were free there are better choices.  Stick with Microsoft Security Essentials or Avast and you're better off.  And they're free.
Corel Home Office is a low-priced suite of basic office programs.  Corel's marketing department describes Corel Home Office to be "designed for the work you do at home...simple and compatible word processing, spreadsheet and presentation software for your personal and home business needs."  By compatible, they mean it is compatible with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Powerpoint.  It is certainly compatible, but whether or not it is truly comparable is another matter.The software most closely resembles Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007, which has a suggested retail price of $149.95 (Amazon sells it for far less).  Corel Home Office retails for $69.95 but is sold by Amazon for much less.  Both products offer a word processing program (MS Word vs. Corel Write), a spreadsheet program (MS Excel vs. Corel Calculate), and a presentation program (MS Powerpoint vs. Corel Show).  Microsoft has pretty well set the standard for these programs, and Corel concedes that by making its software able to open the corresponding Microsoft files and save in the Microsoft formats.  Corel goes one step further by enabling document saving in .pdf format, a feature lacking in the Microsoft suite (yet, maddeningly, Corel Home Office cannot open the very same .pdf documents it can create!).  Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 adds a program called OneNote that enables you to gather and organize various types of information, something the Corel Home Office product lacks.Where the real proof of the pudding lies, though, is in the features the two suites offer.  Microsoft packs its suite with the same powerful versions of Word, Excel, and Powerpoint that its pricier software suites use.  Corel Home Office, however, has watered down programs by comparison.  For example, Microsoft Word has highly customizable pagination where Corel Write offers page numbers but no options as to where they are to be placed, etc.  You can create tables with Corel Write, but you do not have the high degree of customization of table formatting offered in MS Word.  You can create only a very basic chart with data in Corel Calculate vs. highly elaborate charts in MS Excel.  Corel Show allows creation of basic presentation slides, but lacks the depth of features contained in MS Powerpoint.  Corel gives you the option of running its programs with tabbed toolbars comparable to Microsoft's Office ribbon toolbars, or you can run them with the older, more familiar file menus.  Personally, I found the tabbed toolbars to be confusing and more tedious to use, but, in fairness, I am more accustomed to using Microsoft Office in the menu format.  Those used to the ribbon format may not feel this way.One feature unique to Corel Home Office is its USB flash drive installation.  There is no CD or DVD for installation.  This may be a handy feature for usage with any highly compact laptops that lack a CD-ROM drive.  I had no trouble installing the software with the included USB flash drive on my full-sized laptop.  One thing I did find annoying, though, is I had to re-enter my registration code key when the software auto-updated during installation.The biggest problem I found with Corel Home Office is how dramatically slowly it runs.  While the Microsoft Office programs load and carry out commands rapidly you could just about go get a cup of coffee while waiting for any of the Corel Home Office programs to load and run.  For such relatively scaled-down software in terms of features, the lack of speed with Corel Home Office is truly noteworthy.  The software would also periodically hang up for no apparent reason, which I also found disturbing.  Quite honestly, this product acts like it is in early alpha testing stage rather than a finished, fully debugged product.  Corel used to produce some truly remarkable software in years past (e.g. Corel Graphics Suite) but I have noticed more problems with their more recent software products (e.g. Corel Paintshop Pro) which certainly makes their quality assurance testing questionable.In summary, Corel Home Office is a very basic word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation software suite.  It lacks many features compared with the comparable Microsoft Office suite but sells for a little less money.  For those living on a very tight budget who do not have much in the way of software demands it may be sufficient for most basic and simple tasks.  But the software is somewhat buggy and quite slow, and most people will probably find it worth the few extra dollars to buy the more developed and feature-richMicrosoft Office Home and Student 2007suite instead.
Having wasted 4 days trying to register the product, I doubt I'll be using it.Saturday I got the  we are closed telephone message, it was too late.No registration on SundayClosed early Monday 6PM daylight savings time instead of EST as the tape stated.Tuesday after 10 minutes on hold the system hung up on me.Time to uninstall
I have really tried to like this program, really, I have... but it hasn't been my favorite.Originally I usedJASC PAINT SHOP PRO 7 (PAINT SHOP PRO 7, PAINT SHOP PRO 7 & ANIMATION SHOP 3 REFERENCE GUIDE)and I loved it, it's very intuitive and simple.  I got X3 thinking maybe it was time for an upgrade since my photoediting program was from 2000; but there's that saying, if it ain't broke don't fix it.PhotoPlus X3 offers a lot of bells and whistles, but to the lay person who just wants to do simple editing - adjust color, crop, play with effects a little, clone - this program makes you go through a lot, just beginning with installation, which requires you to call their 1-800 number and get a key code: why?  I just want to make a simple tweak to a picture and nothing is intuitive.Really the problem is this program is too advanced for my needs, and every time I sit down to use it my blood pressure jumps because I know it's going to be a hassle.  I don't use this program everyday, so when I figure out something I have to relearn/remember how I did it the last time, from cut & paste, to saving an imagine; why is it when you create a new image you have to select "Export" to save?  That drove me crazy trying to figure out; why not keep it simple with "Save," like what people expect to see?Anyway, it's not that this is the worst program on the market; it has its place with people who have the time to learn it and want to do more advanced stuff.  For just the simple layperson's needs, I'd get something else.UPDATE:  I just had to add this update because I'm so angry with this program.  I wouldn't take this program if it were free.  I've been trying to do something really simple; clone a background, and it isn't working.  I hate this program.
My experience with PhotoPlus X3 Digital Studio has been horrible!  I installed the software a week ago and have been trying to register the product.  But the hours during which you can call to register the product are absurd.  Monday through Friday the hours you can call are precisely when I'm at work and on weekends when I've called -- supposedly during times when someone was supposed to be available to register the product -- I got the message to call back during the appropriate times, even though I was calling during that time.I may revise my review later, but those considering buying this product need to understand just how difficult it is to register this product.  And why in the world would Serif make it so hard to register a product?  Why is 6:00 EST the latest you can call on weekdays?  That is just silly!  Why in the heck don't they have someone on duty until 9:00 EST at the very least?My immediate impression is that if it is so hard to register a product, they are going to be equally bad at customer service.So I have no idea what the product is like.  I can't get it to work because I can't get it registered.  As I say, I may revise my rating if I can eventually get it registered, but this is possibly the worst experience I've ever had with a software product.  If I had bought this rather than getting it through the Amazon Vine Program, I would have definitely had demanded my money back.Update:I'm still not changing my rating, though I might in the future as I use the product.  I finally got the product registered, by doing so on the Internet.  It would have been nice if the registration screen had indicated that doing so was an option.  It would have been a simple matter below the registration phone number to have stated that you could as an alternative do so online.  And the phone number that you call to register does state that you can e-mail Serif, but it doesn't clarify that the website can  be used for registration.The software is going to have to be very, very good for me to pull up the rating very much from its current level.  Hands down this is the most frustrating experience I've ever had with any software program.  Not even Microsoft at its worse has been this bad.
Most programs allow you to by-pass the registration process, or at least delay it so you can use the program right away.NOT SO with Serif's Photo Plus 3X.  During installation I made the mistake of making Photo Plus 3X my default program for handling jpegs, but now I can't look at ANY of my jpegs, thanks to the program that automatically closes itself out if you don't immediately register.  It has taken over my computer, so that I now do not have access to any of my photos. I will have to completely uninstall the program now in order to have access to my jpegs again. What a pain in the rear!Personally, I don't like registering with product companies because it typically means I get tons of spam from them afterward.  I also don't like companies having any of my private information.  I want the option of not having to register to use their product, but their program doesn't allow this at all.Since I refuse to register, I'm unable to use the program, therefore I'm unable to review this software.Shame on you, Serif!
OH how I was looking forward to using this software, having been a loyal Paint Shop Pro user for years. I wanted to see what this program could do. Unfortunately, Serif apparently doesn't WANT me to use it at all. I have had the same email run-arounds and lack of helpful phone support that other reviewers have had. I have gone out of my way to get this product registered and usable, but it's just not going to happen. This has gone on for two months! What's sad is I think I would really like it, but I'll never know. I hate leaving a review like this, but it is what it is. Take a look at Paint Shop Pro Photo X2 and avoid the hassle with this.
I'm sorry but I did not like using this software.  It was very unworkable and as animation - very primitive.  It seems like a program that was designed during the age of the Commadore 64.  Sorry.
For computer whizzes, I'm sure this is a great program. For a beginner like me, I found this program hard to navigate. I even did the PDF tutorial, which I found irritating. A verbal or visual tutorial would have been more effective and appreciated. Software companies really need to spend the time on better tutorials. Not a user friendly product.
I could not get this software to work. Every time it rejected the serial number that came with the CD.
I have not had any problems installing software on my Windows XP box, but I was unable to install PrintMaster. When I tried to install it I kept getting the error message, "The JVM could not be started. The main method may have thrown an exception."  So I went to Broderbund's support site and it said this was a Java error. I already had Java installed and working, but I downloaded the latest version of Java and installed it again. After installation I tested it at the Java web site and received the message, "Verified Java Version; Congratulations! You have the recommended Java installed (Version 6 Update 20)." So after rebooting, I again tried to install Printmaster and it gave me the same JVM error. I then followed the instructions on the Broderbund support site to modify my MSCONFIG file to prevent some Microsoft and other programs from loading upon bootup. This was Broderbund's recommended fix and I had no problem following the procedure. So then I rebooted and ran the Printmaster installer again. I got the JVM error message again.I contacted Broderbund support and told them that I was getting the JVM error even after doing the MSCONFIG change. I even sent the log file that was several hundred lines long. The response I received told me to modify my MSCONFIG file. So I replied that I had already done that. The second response from Broderbund was, "We are sorry for this inconvenience but there are no known solutions to your issue at this point of time."
I have used Printmaster for years. The previous version I purchased was PrintMaster 11, which worked great. I particularly liked the large art library, which had an easy to explore index. When you wanted a piece of art, Printmaster told you which CD to load into the drive. I assumed this version would work the same.NOT! PrintMaster Platinum 2.0 loads the entire clip art collection onto your hard disk. Who came up with this brain dead idea? DVDs hold 4+ GB of art that can be accessed in seconds. If I'm only going to use a few of these images in the entire time I own PrintMaster, why would the product load them onto my hard disk? 1GB of clip art displaces 1000 personal photos from my disk.Uninstalled and donated to Goodwill.
I have used and loved printmaster for many years, the early versions were great, it was so easy to create a nice card and many other things. I love the small cards and made hundreds of them over the years. This program is horrible and frustrating to figure out. You can make cards but I got so frustrated trying to find a way to put text inside the card that I gave up. It takes forever to install, the graphics and pre-made cards are terrible compared to what they used to be. There is no help within the program itself, it always takes you to a website. What if I lose connection then there is no help.I am going to uninstall this piece of junk and use my older version which is heavenly to use compared to this beast.
Like so many others, I have used PrintMaster software for many years. I am sad to have to report that this newest (and most comprehensive) version (Platinum 2.0) is a fine example of change not equaling progress. The software is hugely bloated (using all three discs, the program and two 'Art" CDs takes up about 2.4 GBs of space on your hard drive. HUGE. But, even if you have plenty of available space (which I do) the program operates painfully slowly as each selected function or feature loads.Once loaded, the actual utilization process makes older versions of PrintMaster seem exponentially user-friendly. This one is not.Although there are many features which might be worth analyzing and commenting on, I won't.Suffice it to say that I will resist doing to Broderbund what it did to me ... wasted my time with a product that would have been better left on the designing room floor. Almost any of the earlier versions, including Version 12, is far more easily manageable, wastes less space (and consequently slows down everything else you might want to be doing) less and is simply a better value.Companies that begin to equate new, bigger and more complex with 'better' as a matter of corporate belief, are making a mistake - as Broderbund has clearly demonstrated with this monstrosity.
I was really disappointed by this software.  I had used PrintMaster products for many years.  I tried this version and it is very large (takes up a ton of space), the graphics and clip art are not great.  With Google Images nowadays, it's pretty easy to find the art you need and you don't need to take up 20+GB of hard drive space storing clip art.  I really found this version of the software unusable. I hope they improve the next version.
I was a loyal PrintMaster customer for many years, and our family's photoalbums are loaded with the invitations and notes I made up over the years for all of our most important milestones.  So, it was with great excitement that I ordered PrintMaster Platinum.  Unfortunately, PrintMaster Platinum has little in common with its previous namesakes.  First of all, I was unable to install the program on my sweet little Windows netbook running Windows Vista.  So the rest of this review is based on the install I was able to make, on our iMac, with 8Gb ram and a 160Gb disk.First of all, the program is huge.  I was stunned to see that the installed program was well over 20Gb, a significant portion of our hard drive space.  This is the kind of space that Microsoft programs takes, not my old faithful PrintMaster!  I should have known right there that this is nothing like the old PrintMaster.Then, I attempted to open the program and replicate an invitation I made on an earlier version of PrintMaster.  Wrong again. No matter what I tried, the program would either hang or crash my poor old iMac.  I can only assume that it doesn't like my other programs. Short of uninstalling all my other programs and putting PrintMaster on a clean system, I tried every way I could think of to make the program work.So, that's my review.  I hope that you have better luck with your version of PrintMaster.So, after spending
I installed this on my Mac to see how well it stacked up against previous versions I used in Windows.  On and off I've probably used Broderbund products for the past decade.Did I miss something in the conversion?  This program is larger than my standard iWork which also includes a nifty designer template program.  In fact, these Print Master disks will easily consume 20GB from your hard drive, most of which appears to be graphics and fonts (and they could have borrowed the 200+ fonts I already have).As a result it is unbelievably slow to load and use.  Several times I thought it would grind to a halt and lock up my Mac, and that's pretty tough to do.  Who knows what it would do to a Windows machine.I also spotted what I call RAM flutter, that is, a condition in which the program starts to flicker as you add graphics and overwhelm the RAM.  I have 4GB DDR3 RAM and this shouldn't be happening.I had to uninstall it as it was unacceptably slow.  Even the uninstall process is laborious as it had to uninstall all the graphics and fonts, too.Stay with the previous version which is reviewed at a much better overall rate in Amazon.
There's little to add that hasn't already been said about this product. It takes up a ridiculous amount of space on your computer (and what you don't install directly, it doesn't seem to provide a good interface to search and use off the disk) it runs absurdly slow on even today's fast systems, and the quality of what it produces is just not worth the time and trouble it takes to make them. I love to scrapbook, but the scrapbook templates are just such poor quality compared to what you can even easily get for free off all the dozens of digital scrapbooking blogs, I just can't see why anyone would use this program to do it.The software doesn't cost much so maybe someone would get this for their kids or for some of the specialty projects it does, but I shudder to think how it would run on a lesser computer than mine and the quality of the art work and included templates is just so sub-par for everything else out there, I cannot recommend it at all.
I was looking forward to trying out PrintMaster Platinum 2.0 after seeing how cheap and versatile it seemed to be. I admit, I have no previous experience with PrintMaster, but everything I had heard in the past pretty much concluded it was simple to learn and work with. Well, that may have been true about past versions, but certainly not Platinum 2.0. There is nothing "platinum" about it.This is a clunky mess from the start. I have a quality PC with plenty of RAM, but this took forever to load. Once I finally got everything up and running, I still felt like I was stuck back in 1998 - everything I tried to do, whether it be browse templates or start a new project, ended up feeling like I was trying to stream an HD movie on 56k dialup. Impossible. Just trying to create a birthday card with my kids was tedious, and we ended up giving up and coloring one instead with good old reliable crayons. The thing about it is, things eventually loaded, but there really is no excuse for how long it takes to get ANYTHING done on here.After my experience, I cannot recommend this product, despite it's wonderfully low price. Do yourself a favor and consider forking out the extra money forMicrosoft Publisher 2010. It will save you an extended headache, and it's infinitely more reliable with plenty of options to boot.
In its time, Print Master Platinum was a nice program, which helped children and other computer novices create things like birthday cards and simple invitations. But times have changed, and now anyone with Internet access can create things like these with fewer restrictions and less hassle. Has Print Master advanced to keep up with what is already available for free online? Sadly, no. It includes a ton of more graphics and more projects you can make than you could before--things like doorknob hangers, family trees, and party hats--but just Google something like "free images of elephants" and "free party hat template" and you'll find plenty available online.This might be a worthwhile purchase if the graphics were exceptional, or the greeting cards were of a gift-shop quality, but they aren't. And although you can personalize projects with your own photos, most digital cameras today come with software that lets you do the same. The program is years behind the times and doesn't really give you enough to justify its cost.
Like many other reviewers, I have used many project making software packages over the years. With how expensive greeting cards are these days, it normally pays for its self very quickly plus allows you to really make it personal to the person receiving the card--plus you get to make flyers, banners, etc for free.No brand seems to ever really stack up against the PrintMaster package. The quality of the software, clip art, fonts, etc are the best you will find. I have used 5-6 versions of PrintMaster and loved them all UNTIL this "upgrade". I am not sure if they sold themselves to another company or just fired everyone responsible for making the good parts of the software but this has been redesigned from the ground up to be just plain crappy. It is slow, buggy, hard to use and full of disappointment. Honestly I wish I could find something I like better than PrintMaster Platinum 18 but there is nothing better and a LOT that is much, much worse.Comparing the two products, this PrintMaster Platinum 2.0 has an average review rating of about 1.5 stars and this is with a ton of Vine reviews--where Amazon & the software company provides free software in exchange for reviews. The Vine reviews tend to be more positive since the person didn't pay anything for the product and because the reviewer feels guilty leaving poor reviews since they were asked by the company to do them. In this case, 7 out of the 9 four star reviews were from vine users and 8 out of the 9 three star reviews were from vine users as well. Removing those "purchased" ratings, the overall user rating would easily drop to 1 star--the lowest possible rating on Amazon.Whereas, PrintMaster Platinum 18 is currently ranked at 3.5 stars by customers. It is faster, has better templates, better clip art and is better in every way. It is currently even cheaper than this version, but it has been discontinued so you need to grab it before it disappears leaving you with this crappy program as your only option.Click below to find the MUCH better option--PrintMaster Platinum 18.Printmaster - Platinum Version 18 [OLD VERSION]
This product did not work well with any of my computers (one runs XP and one VISTA) As always, you take your chances with software, so if it feels right for you take the risk. However, I would not recommend.
This version is not much of an improvement from last year.  There are problems with this product--as it is not as effective as others in it's antivirus protection (viruses and malware attacks--missed alot of common virus and malware items during a test.)  The only features that were improved were the parental controls, user interface, and it is easy to install.  Which is not enough for me to consider this product.  Trend Micro needs to improve this product more before I would consider this my only PC security.
I have used Acrobat Professional at work for years and have been satisfied with the performance.  However, the price tag associated with Adobe products tend to be a bit steep.  I have tried a number of free alternatives with mixed results.According to Microsoft's website, PDF Converter Pro is compatible with Windows 7. However, Nuance's website does not have any mention of it.  My experience installing it on my Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit Core2Duo system has been rather frustrating.  Prior to installation, I made sure I patched up the system with the latest updates.  Installation seemed to complete successfully.  When I tried to run it, I ran into error after error.  I figured I would try to re-install it.When attempting to uninstall the software, I was prompted with this message:"Nuance PDF 6 could not be deactivated in preparation for the uninstall process.  Only a limited number of activations without deactivation is allowed.  Do you want to continue without uninstallation?"I decided to proceed with the uninstall, and give it another try.  Same problem.  I contacted tech support, but they were unable to resolve the issue (seems like a common theme).  Seems I'll run out of activations before this actually functions properly.This product may work well for those that are able to successfully install it, but for me, it has been a disappointing experience.  I will be sticking with the free but more reliable alternatives, or even splurging on the dependable Adobe Acrobat for my PDF needs.
The program is buggy.  Sometimes it doesn't do what it's supposed to.  Often it crashes, and crashes badly enough that it requires a system restart.  I've installed it under Vista Ultimate and XP Home, and both gave me trouble.  I ended up not able to do much with it between crashes, and after a few hours, I gave up.  It's a great concept and a decent price, but they need to take it through the Q.A. process again and get rid of more of the bugs.Wait on this one.  If they patch it, then consider it.
Well I guess the one good thing about this product is that I didn't install it on my own computer because I already have and useAdobe Acrobat Professional 9along with the whole range of Adobe products found inAdobe Creative Suite CS3 Master Collection [OLD VERSION] and which I intend to upgrade to theAdobe Creative Suite 4 Master Collectionby purchasing theAdobe Creative Suite 4 Master Collection Upgrade from Master Collection CS3within the next couple of months.Why may you ask am I recommending Adobe products in the review of this PDF converter? Well simply put, "I had nothing but problems with this software!"Yes, Adobe software is expensive, but you get what you pay for and with Adobe that has been the case for me. I pay out good money for their software, yet they have never failed me and have provided me with the best service and help any time I needed it, which hasn't been very often.This software was nothing but a pain-in-the-butt to install and it ended up crashing her computer several times during the various attempts at installation. I ended up having to check out other peoples reviews here on Amazon in order to find out how to install this software without having it crash the computer. If you select "Custom" during the installation and then unselect "Integrate," then it seems to install just fine.From there it does seem to convert the Word documents with no problem, however, there was no manual that I seen nor online help available for the software. I can not in good conscious recommend this product even though it is much cheaper than Adobe software. I would much rather pay more upfront to have no problems and a lot more options available to me with the software that I use and come to depend on, rather than try and save a few dollars and end up with more expenses buying all of the aspirin to try and cure the headaches caused by inexpensive and unreliable software.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence series.
With the large number of free security suites out there, one of the major reasons for actually buying one of these "premium" products is technical support. Detection rates are pretty much equal amongst all major players in the industry, so it's these extra features that make certain products stand out. Imagine an inexperienced computer user who's suddenly receiving error messages from his AV program. He or she will most likely want to talk to a tech support representative to figure out what the messages mean. Well, Norton, Kaspersky, Bitdefender, and others have free phone support just for people like that.Not McAfee. You only get 30 days of free phone support with McAfee. After that you're forced to use email or chat support. I mean, I can understand that companies need to cut costs, but support is one of the most important things in premium security software (speaking of cost cutting, I can understand the omission of a paper manual when you can include a digital one on the disc, but why put on the instruction sheet that it's due to McAfee "going green"? I mean, come on... we are not idiots.). One should also consider the fact that chat and email require an internet connection, and many malware programs leave systems in the dark by blocking internet access. In which case, phone support would be the only option to that particular user who I mentioned in the first paragraph.So we ruled out inexperienced users. But what about advanced users? Is McAfee appropriate for them? Well, the answer to that is, again, no. For example, McAfee doesn't offer users any option to change the default detection action. As soon as a suspect file is detected, McAfee moves it to the quarantine. That's good for beginners, but some advanced users might be tinkering with harmless files that are able to invoke a false positive detection from McAfee. Those users should at least be presented with a dialog box, asking them on how to proceed, instead of automatically sending the file to the quarantine (as the latter might cause inconveniences to them). On a side note, it is also impossible to change the heuristics level. It's not really a big deal, but a level slider would have been welcome. The rest of the AV configuration options are equally unimpressive, and don't allow for much customization.But it's that 30 day limit on free phone support that earns McAfee the 1-star. It literally places this software down there at the bottom of the list as far as commercial security suites go.
I still can't stand how slow it makes my computer. It may be one of the better virus programs out there, but if I'm not able to use my computer then there's no point. Would recommend Microsoft Security Essentials over this.
mcafee is one of the better protection software out there in my opinion but it's still not great. it will still allow infections to get past as I've tested it on an older laptop and purposely went to places that would give it a test. It failed far more than it should have. I really wish these virus/malware protection software companies would get their act together and put out a better product. Also when mcafee subscriptions end they also end your ability to use the old definitions to scan.This is a complete disappointment. If you have paid for those definitions then you should have the right to use them, not be stripped of the ability to use them once the subscription ends.... It's their way of making you pay for more service sooner and I think it's just a crooked way to do business!I would never purchase another copy of mcafee software for that reason alone. I find it fowl and repulsive that they would do such a thing.Also the fact that this software will suck up as much as a gig of ram at times is very annoying. There is no reason for it be as much a resource hog as it is. You can hardly do anything with most computers when it's even considering looking at files as it will take up the majority of the processors functions as well ram. Mcafee needs to go back to the drawing board on their software to make it far lighter and perform better in general.
I loaded this on my laptop, as to not have "issues" with my desktop.  I've used Roxio for simply copying DVD's before that I had made. .  .and it worked fine.  I thought I might get a little "fancier" with this software. . .but. . . I had issues installing. . . then issues using it. . . Perhaps it's because I'm not "young" any longer, but it's one of the least "user-friendly" programs I've used in a long time.  I finally had to uninstall.
Can't believe that Roxio will come up with such a crappy product. It took 45 minutes to install and needed a minimum 5 GB of space to start the installation process. At first I was skeptical thinking that it will keep the 5 GB of space forever, but thankfully that didn't happen. The software is supposed to be very intuitive and easy-to-use, but unfortunately it is not. First, I tried to burn a data disc and somehow it didn't worked (The CD was fine as I checked it later). Then I tried to backup a folder on multiple CDs using the advanced options and that didn't worked out well either. However, a music CD and photo CD were recorded very easily. I think Roxio must learn some lessons from the reviews here and improve their product.
What more is there to say? It crashes far too often and when you are writing to CDs and DVDs that is just frustrating and annoying to create coasters more often than finished disks. Roxio support is notoriously bad, so save yourself some money and get Nero instead.
With all of the reviews here, you are well warned. When I got this, there were only a couple of reviews, and frankly every software package ever made has one or two "I couldn't get it to install" reviews.I struggled, but it did install. And it ran. Very slowly. And then it crashed. And some features, I clicked on them, and nothing ever did happen. The software is bloated, slow, and poorly tested. Avoid at all costs.
Phone support is $1.89 a minute AND there is a minimum of 15 minutes.  If I wanted to pay to talk to someone, they better at least be talking sexy. Come on man, that is insane.  In this day and age, to just abandon customers like this is ridicuouls.  I was having buggy issues with this software, too many to name.  I just wanted to talk to someone and see if there was one underlining issue that would solve everthing.  Well I guess I'll just add this to the list of cliff-hangers in my life, right on up there with the last episode of Sopranos.
We managed to finally get the software to sort of install. Unfortunately the program, and program buttons, were not configured to work with our wide screen Asus computer monitor. Topping it off was the program's ability to hog almost all known memory while being slow to function.The program was very difficult to uninstall but it is now thankfully removed from our computer.This is probably the poorest piece of software we've had the opportunity to use.Would not recommend under any circumstances unless you like software that operates poorly.Star rating: Minus three stars, if such a star rating was available.
I have been a user of the Roxio "Creator" software since the days before Roxio - when it was "Adaptec Easy CD Creator" (no DVDs back then!)  I've more or less kept up with the product over the years, though the last one I bought was "Version 9".  Clearly there isn't really a lot that can be new in the way of straightforward CD and DVD burning, but Roxio Creator, like its rivalNero, has gradually added more media-centric features such as audio and video editors and players, backup utilities and more. There were some features of Creator 2010 that intrigued me, so I was eager to see how they worked.But first, I had to get the product installed.My primary test system runs Windows 7 Ultimate x64.  This has not given me any troubles installing software, including Nero. But Creator 2010 would not properly install.  It took me three attempts to get Creator 2010 to even complete the install process.  The first attempt found the installer "no longer responding" about a third of the way through the process.  On the second attempt, I got an error that the installation "had been interrupted", even though I had not touched anything.  After following manual uninstall instructions I reinstalled a third time and it completed.  Or so I thought.After the requisite reboot, I started the main Creator UI and was informed that there was an update (which I already knew about.)  I let it install the update, but was annoyed when it automatically rebooted the system without asking. However, every time I opened Creator, I got messages saying that the install needed to continue and it prompted me to reinsert the product DVD.  It also said that a process "COM Server Wrapper for VxBlockDLL" (part of the Creator product) needed to be closed but couldn't be.  If I told it to continue with the install, it rebooted the system (again without asking), but I got the exact same prompt when I ran Creator again. If I declined the continue install (it might take several clicks of Cancel for that), the UI opened.  Choosing most any operation would repeat the dance about continuing the install.It was at this point that I decided to contact Roxio support.  At first, I was delighted by the prompt responses that seemed to be trying to help.  But after a short time, when none of the suggestions helped (including disabling Windows UAC (User Account Control)), the suggestions started to repeat themselves, and the agent asked me to (again) show error messages and say what steps I had taken.  All of this was in the support ticket history. When I pointed this out, and then restated the issue, the agent responded with a blank entry (that was not emailed to me) and ceased further communication, even after I asked if I would continue to be helped.  It's now been a week with no reply and I feel that I have been written off.So I was left on my own.  I did find that if I continued to click Cancel when prompted, I could get some of the basic operations (burning a CD, etc.) to work properly, though I did not try everything.  Creator 2010 has fancy new animations which look very slick, though don't add any functionality.One of the features I was eager to try was digitizing LPs.  I have an ongoing project to transfer my rather large LP collection to MP3s and have gone through about a dozen different applications to aid in this process.  Some of them, such as Nero SoundTrax, come close to what I want, but all have had flaws.  The "LP and Tape Wizard" in Creator 2010 seemed to have it all:- Automatic setting of audio level- Automatic track splitting- Automatic pause at the end of the record (detected long silence)- Easy entering of album and track info with creation of ID3 tags- Editor that allows adjustment of track splits and deletion of unwanted recording- Noise filter and level equalizationA fascinating additional feature would automatically scan the audio files and try to determine which songs they were.  Since I was recording from old LPs, some of which had never been released as CD, this would be interesting.I installed Creator 2010 on my secondary system, running 32-bit Windows Vista.  The install here worked fine and I didn't get the continual requests to continue the installation.  I fired up the LP wizard and started recording. I was delighted to see that it correctly identified track splits and paused at the end of one side so I could record the second side.  Everything was looking good until I finished the second side and clicked the Stop button.  At this point, the Wizard window froze and became unresponsive.After I killed the process and restarted it, I looked to see how much I had lost.  The actual recorded audio was still there, as a single MP3 file, but the track split info was gone. I hunted for an "import audio file" function and found none, but I did discover that I could drag-and-drop the .MP3 file into the application and it would take it.Next step was to insert track splits.  The editor for doing this is a bit clunky, requiring me to zoom all the way out before I could select another point, but it was serviceable.  I then entered the artist and album information and tried the automatic track identifier.  This chugged for a while and claimed to identify ten of the eleven tracks, but only one was even the right title - the others were all from random albums and artists. So I had to dump what it had done and reenter the info from the LP.  As I said earlier, I didn't expect much from this feature.I did very much like the wizard's export feature which would automatically name the files with track number, title, artist, in various selectable combinations. It would even create folder names with an artist and album name hierarchy, just what I wanted.  This worked, though I was puzzled that it seemed to re-encode the MP3 despite my asking it to use the same setting as the original recording.  I was dismayed, though, to find that it did not set the ID3 track information properly, holding on to the bogus data it had gotten from the "identification" step and not using my corrections.Roxio Creator 2010 is packed with features, some would say bloated.  Like other reviewers, I don't like that Roxio forces you to take everything - there is no option to select only some features during install.  (Nero, on the other hand, gives one perhaps a bit TOO much choice!) Creator 2010 claims to be able to record from Internet audio streams, which I can see being useful to some.  But all this assumes that you can get the product to install and run without falling over. My experience, and it seems that of many others, is that the probability of this is very low. And, if you do run into trouble, do not expect anything useful from Roxio support.  Roxio also runs user forums, but my review of those show that most people with problems do not get help there either.In summary, I find myself falling back on the old joke "reference", "You will be very lucky if you get this to work for you." Roxio Creator 2010 has lots of useful features, and the user interface is very nice looking.  But it would seem to have so many bugs in the installer and the product that I cannot recommend it.  Your frustration level will likely be much less if you choose Nero instead.
Tried three tries to install on my Dell XPS 600 3GHz, 2.0 GM Ram machine running Windows XP.  Crashed my computer all three times.  I did install the Service Pack 1 as available from their website prior to attempting install. So I cannot review the software itself, only the experience of trying to get it to run.You have to register to get the service pack and to get customer service. Before trying to install I had the problem that the key was covered by a sticker (this is not Roxios' fault).  However, contacting tech support was almost comical.  I kept telling them that I need a key to review it, they kept sending me back emails telling me to get the key from where I bought it.  Amazon finally resolved the issue with them and they emailed me a key.  However, that experience has made me unwilling to try to contact service to figure out what the install problem is, I just do not want to deal with it.I have a version of Roxio Creator that came with the Dell, it works fine, not too fancy, but useful.  I was eager to try this new version, too bad it seems to have major problems.
In my opinion this is NOT as good as the other reviewers say it is. In short:1. If you don't have at least 2GB in RAM memory DON'T EVEN TRY to install this product on your computer.2. All the "tune up" tools seem to have zero effect on the computer's performance. I have not seen any changes in my computer.3. This product crashes every couple of hours due to "fatal errors" and every time you are prompted to restart your computer or call customer service. Do you have time for that? I don't.4. Tune up application will prompt you to download and install updates that you don't need for software you don't even have. Of course all these updates (from Microsoft) cannot be installed, but a balloon keeps poping up saying that "updates are ready to install" good luck doing that!5. So far I HAVE NOT FOUND THE FIREWALL. I don't know if the Total security has it or not.On the positive side, the system scans are somewhat fast and it does not seem to slow down your computer.I have Kasperski Internet Security at work and on a second computer at home and I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WHATSOEVER with it. I recommend it better than Bitdefender.
This is my second review for this product.The reason i gave it 1 out of 5 stars the first time was that no matter what i did this program would either slow my PC down to a crawl or i would get a blue screen every 10 minutes,so i just gave up.I tried to contact customer support many times but i had no luck,so i just uninstalled this and put it in the closet never to be seen again...until now.I finally got a helpful reply from the Bitdefender customer support team,they gave me the info i needed,some of which was very simple but none the less useful.They told me that things are a little different since i'm using a 64 bit version of Vista,i had to do a hard disc cleanup of the C drive,make sure that every bit of old antivirus software was not only uninstalled but also deleted from the "Program Files x86" folder and also update every bit of software i had before installing Total Security 2010.IT WORKED!Even though it took them long enough to actually help me,the customer care support team came through big time.Now that i could really use this software i saw that it worked well and didn't slow my pc down at all.Here are my specs, Quad core cpu @ 3.0Ghz,4GB ram @ 1000Mhz,evga 780i motherboard,9800GTX+ 512mb video card,2x 500GB Hard drives,Vista Ultimate 64 bit.As for the ease of use of this product all i can say is that it doesn't matter if your a pc geek or a novice to tech stuff,Total Security 2010 gives you the option of how you want to use it.Setup is a breeze,if you really don't know what your doing,that's ok,just let the program choose settings for you,very simple.The user interface is easy on the eyes and simple to navigate,you never get the feeling that your being overwhelmed with options.If your heavy into pc gaming or using other programs that use a lot of system resources there's no need to fear this slowing things down,just adjust the security settings to your liking and it's all good,no need to worry about random reboots.As for how well this protects my pc...well...i'm not sure yet.I do know that every single area/program is covered and that's more than i can say about the free version of avg (what i was using before).If some virus/trojan gets through i will let everybody know as soon as possible,but until then i will say this is a great bit of software.
Revised February 8, 2010Changed a 5-star rating to 2-star for the following reasons:On two of the three computers it was installed on, the program repeatedly 'encountered fatal errors and quit.On all of the computers the program was too intrusive with its scan results.On all of the computers there were inconsistencies with automatic updates and scheduled scans.One computer became infected with a virus/trojan while Bit Defender was installed.Trend Micro found most components of the virus, while Bit Defender found none of them.The product started strong but failed in the mid-term.Previous Review:SummaryWell designed, extremely inexpensive, easy to use yet full-featured security package designed for home, and mom/pop business use. I never thought that I could actually LIKE a security package, but I was wrong. This program is much more suited for home users than most of the other products out there. If you're a sys admin with a degree in comp sci, you might gripe about advanced features like the method for managing UDP ports, but 99.876% of people don't know what a UDP port is so they don't need to worry about it.IntroductionChanging your antivirus software is like cleaning out your closets. You know that it will make it easier to find things in the long run, but who wants to take the time to do it now... I have several computers at home, each with a different antivirus program that came bundled with the machine at the time of purchase. It just so happened that my McAfee renewal was up this week, and I was tired of fighting the software to get anything done. Fortunately for me, there was an offer to evaluate Bitdefender, a program I had heard good things about from friends, and decided to give it a try.I installed Bitdefender on three machines, all 32 bit (most computers except very high end are 32 bit). All machines are well supplied with memory, are fully patched with Windows updates, and ran well at the time of installation. The machines are:1. Dell XPS system with Vista Ultimate. Formerly running a McAfee suite product.2. Dell Vostro system with Windows XP. Formerly running Norton antivirus.3. Dell Inspiron 1310 laptop with Windows XP. Formerly running Symantec Internet suite.All reviews need a set of criteria by which you will judge a product, so here is my criteria for evaluating antivirus programs:1 - Install process2 - System overhead (how much it slows the computer down)3 - Functionality4 - Reliability5 - Ease of useInstall ProcessI installed Bitdefender on the XPS system first. The hardest part of the installation was getting rid of McAfee, which had to be done before I could proceed with the Bitdefender install. By the way, there is at least one review that mentions blue screens and trouble booting. I would be curious to know if the reviewer uninstalled his existing antivirus software before installing Bitdefender. Failure to do that would be a HUGE mistake as two antivirus programs operating on the same machine is a recipe for disaster.The installation program was smart enough to look for an update before the install. When it found a newer version of Bitdefender was available, it completed the download very quickly. The install wizard was extremely friendly, and was well designed. I chose the standard installation options, chose Multimedia as the most common use of the machine, and that the computer was part of a home network, and the install program was off to the races. It even discovered attached drives and offered to run an antivirus scan on each of them.The total install time, including uninstalling McAfee, downloading the software update, downloading antivirus definitions and running the initial scan was under 45 minutes. I was frankly expecting it to take a lot longer.The only `problem' I encountered during the installation process was alerts from Vista that my machine was unprotected. These alerts were gone by the time the installation was completed, and you can safely ignore them when installing this product.The install process went about the same on the other two machines.System OverheadAfter the basic installation, all three computers now run significantly faster than they did under the previous antivirus systems. The XPS system is downright peppy relative to what it was before. One of the things I am looking forward to is trying out Gamer mode, which reduces the amount of memory, processor time and disk time the program uses so that more resources are free for the game software.FunctionalityThe basic install puts in place your basic features - antivirus, anti-phishing, personal firewall and live updates. You then have the option to configure the product's other functionality which includes:1. Automated Backup (both local and web based) - I chose local backup for the XPS machine. I found the backup component of Bitlocker to be far superior to the previous backup software I used - Norton. The setup process was easy to understand, well documented and went off without a hitch. The 2GB web backup option isn't particularly useful to be as I have more than a terabyte of data on this machine.2. Central management - Other than the antivirus packages sold to businesses, I have never seen a product that allows centralized management of antivirus software on many machines from a single location. I can't say for sure that this is the first home product that allows this functionality, but it is the first that I have seen. I am using the Vostro system now to manage the software on the other two machines, and the configuration of this option was so easy as to make the overly complex business apps I deal with silly.3. Parental controls - While not of much use to me, this functionality goes beyond what I have seen in other products. You can not only restrict web browsing and general web access, but access to other local programs as well. Don't want the kids playing Solitaire after school, block it out. Don't want them to use Instant Messenger while you are not home? You can do that too.4. Tune-ups - Symantec/Norton and other companies have offered versions of PC tuneup software for years. The bottom line is that these programs, when well designed, can speed up old computers and solve common technical problems that inevitably creep in to your system. The Bitdefender interface is miles ahead of other programs I have seen, and allows you to choose resolutions to problems it identifies without you having to have a PhD. In computer science. I have only used this on the Vostro at this point, but I was very much encouraged by the results.ReliabilityIt's too early to measure this, as reliability is time-based. I'll withhold judgment on this until it's been running on all 3 machines for a few months. However, I will point out that Bitdefender provides automatic antivirus updates on an HOURLY basis, that the company is know to respond more quickly than some of the bigger guys like Symantec, and that the program will repair itself if it becomes damaged. This gives me reason for some optimism.Ease of useIt took me 2-3 hours of futzing with McAfee to get it to allow me to use my Apple Remote app on my iPhone to work with iTunes on the XPS system. It took exactly zero seconds for Bitdefender to be configured for the same task. I turned on my iPhone and, as if by magic, the remote app connected and worked perfectly. This is because Bitdefender is designed to allow common apps to automatically make their way through the firewall. You can tweak the settings as needed to increase security BUT IN MOST CASES YOU WILL NOT HAVE TO. This is a refreshing change from other companies' products where they start off with your computer being locked down as if it was a prisoner in a Super Max.ConclusionDon't be suspicious of the cheap ticket price. Though my experience is only recent, it is entirely positive so far. This program has the bells and whistles, but doesn't force you to be a professional IT person to use it.
UPDATE (11/22/2009): I have to lower the stars from 5 to 1 due to MAJOR stability issues. This thing crashes on a constant bases on my Windows 7 Pro x64 system (Athlon X2 7850, 4Gb RAM, Radeon 4850 video card). I see the post-crash bug report window every 2 days. Sometimes updates are not applied and a notification comes up telling me that updates are disabled. I try to update manually but it fails until I restart my computer. I really liked this at first, but the crashing and freezing is a dealbreaker. Back to Avira I guess...------------Old review------------This is a pretty awesome program. It was good enough for me to replace Avira, which I still love BTW. And as a bonus, you get two years for the price of one if you buy on Amazon. According to their support site, this also means that you'll be able to upgrade to v2011 when it is released (and use it until v2012 comes out). This requires a little less resources on my system than Avira, though detection rates are apparently in the same range. It also works just fine on Windows 7 x64.I especially like the "Gamer Mode". When a game is detected Bitdefender automatically disables the firewall, updates, and scans, for a disruption free gaming experience. It then re-enables them when you exit the game. You can add any application you like to gamer mode list, though Bitdefender includes a basic list of popular games by default.In expert mode, it is very configurable. By default it deletes any infected files it finds (bad for advanced users), but you can configure it to ask you first (good!). Notification options can be customized as well. Virus definition updates are silent and occur hourly. There is also PLENTY of PDF documentation, in case you don't understand a particular feature (no printed manual though).Another feature I liked is the bootable CD which comes with a Live Linux distro for disaster recovery. So you can scan and recover data from a hard drive suffering from a bad virus infection.Considering that I replaced Avira AntiVir with this one, I cannot give Bitdefender less than 5 stars.
I can't say much more than I absolutely hate this software.  It crashes, it conflicts, it never behaves, and its off of my computer.  I have never had so many problems with a security software package as with this one, and after weeks of fighting with it, I gave up.  Its too complicated for a mid level user such as myself or something.  Security software should function in the background protecting my computer, with only occasional demands for adjustment, but this one is like a spoiled child demanding attention continually.I don't recommend it.
I would not recommend this antivirus programs for anyone.  This has too many issues and I would not recommend it.  First, it tries to provide updates/fixes for programs not on the computer and then it states it is unable to update and will not work properly.  Second, the computer runs extremely slow with this antivirus software installed.  And most in important, the bitDefender tech support is not any help and does not respond to requests.  Stay away.
This is the worst antivirus program I've ever tried to install in my computer. First of all it wanted to be the only antivirus program and it removed my AVG, McAfee, and a couple of adware programs that I had. Then it would get part way through the install and lock up. I never did get it to finish the installation. The last time that I tried to install it, it said that it had already been installed on 3 PCs and couldn't be installed in another one. I never got it to install in one computer muchless 3 of them like it was supposed to!All it did was cause me a lot of frustration, strip all the protection that I did have out of my laptop and leave me with nothing for virus protection.
1.  I tried 4 times to load this software before it would take. [I'm using Vista Ultimate 64-bit]2.  When I finally got it loaded, it hung up my system and I had to reboot twice before it took3.  My system began running very slow [this is a brand new system, top of the line with 8 gigs ram]4.  All my settings had been changed, and I had no firewall protection, no security protection.5.  I discovered my shared files were gone. I had to do a restore before I could see my shared files.6.  I didn't have to uninstall the product because I restored to the time prior to install so I can't say how that would have gone.7.  I would NOT recommend this product to anyone using Vista
I was really hoping that this new product would be easy to use for a busy person like me. I just want a program that I can install and leave it alone.  It was very easy to load on my laptop, and runs fine on the laptop.  However, I have had big problems with the program on my desktop.  I can't get the virus scan to update at all. When I sought tech support, their suggested fixes did not work.  When I tried again, they still didn't work.  Now I don't know what to do. They did email me back within 24 hours; however, their literature suggests I call or email, but there is no phone number listed.  I was not able to correct the problem on my desktop.  I guess I'll have to load a different program on my desktop.  This one didn't work for me.
I first tried Bitdefender Antivirus 2010 and found it reasonably good... the definitions were extensive, but it slowed down my system at times. It seemed more stable then the previous antivirus programs I've used, so I went ahead and updated it to Bitdefender Internet Security 2010 after about two weeks of use. Worked the same for a while until I started really noticing the difference between these programs and my last antivirus program, Spyware Doctor.When I first installed Bitdefender Antivirus 2010, it found a couple of problems that Spyware Doctor didn't. However, since then it's found almost nothing, which is strange... when I used Spyware Doctor, I would scan every night and find four or five minor problems (tracking cookies, etc) over the course of a week. This program hasn't found anything in the last two months. I finally reinstalled Spyware Doctor and came up with several minor security risks that Bitdefender ignored. My definitions are automatically updated, so that isn't the problem.After about a month of using it, I began having strange problems. First, Bitdefender's firewall suddenly began causing problems with programs that were normally allowed to access the internet. I tried removing them from the exceptions list then re-adding them, but nothing worked. I finally gave up and disabled Bitdefender's firewall and everything worked fine again. I emailed their support, but never received a response.Second, around the same time I began having computer lockups... my computer would stop responding and run EXTREMELY slow. At the same time, the Bitdefender icon in the taskbar would turn grey with the message telling me that Bitdefender encountered a problem and I need to restart the computer. It usually cleared itself up within a few minutes, but would reoccur randomly. Sometimes it would go several days, other times it would happen two to three times in a single evening. I finally had to shut down the real-time monitoring, which seems to have cured this problem.Well, after shutting down the process scanning and the firewall, and not being happy with the daily system scanning, what's left? Email scanning is flaky at best (will suddenly mark a single email in the middle of an entire conversation with a friend as 'spam'), and it's extremely slow (2-3x as long to check email). I also hate the fact that every time it finds a spam message it gives you a pop-up. I haven't found a way to shut these off, but by now I've given up and have moved on. One of the worst antivirus programs I've ever used.
I really wanted to like this program. I really did. Unfortunately Adobe doesn't want me to.Let me start off with the DRM. Adobe has taken a very anti-consumer stance by using online activation for this product. And there is a 20 deactivation/activation limit. Pretty sure any tech-head who constantly fiddles with his/her machine can reach that number in no time (and even if it's longer than "no time", I still would like to be able to use the software for as long as I want). Online activation does NOT slow piracy down (like Adobe claims). It only inconveniences honest customers who use their hard earned cash to actually purchase the software. Why should they worry about the software stopping to work in the future because they reached the max install limit? Why should I worry about the license expiring (google can tell you more about the CS4 license expiration bug). If I buy the disc and want to install and uninstall the software 100 times within a single day, then I should be able to because it's MY copy.Then there are the huge stability issues. I think I have a pretty good machine, comprising of a dual core Phenom CPU, a Radeon HD 4850 video card, and 4Gbs of DDR2 RAM. But after using the program for more than a month, I have lost my work at least 3 times due to the program inexplicably crashing. It can happen at any time: it crashed while I was scrolling down the effects window, and it also crashed while I was importing a video file. That is completely unacceptable. The fact that Adobe doesn't do any post-sale maintenance is even sadder. Go to Adobe's support site. You will see that the most recent version of Premiere Elements to receive a proper update is version 3.0. We are at v8.0 now. They waste time and money on draconian DRM, but completely ignore real customer issues by failing to provide updates.I also don't like the interface. While Photoshop Elements has succeeded in at least preserving interface elements from Photoshop, Premiere Elements looks nothing like Premiere Pro. Yep, I am not even sure why this program has the word "Premiere" in its title, as Premiere Elements bears absolutely no resemblance to Adobe's flagship video editing product (which features a much more intuitive interface). With that said, it has a better feature set than the other competing products in its category (namely Vegas Movie Studio, Pinnacle Studio, and Ulead VideoStudio). For example there isn't a set limit on the number of video tracks that you can use. Also editing seems to be a lot more keyframe oriented than those other programs. In fact, if they would fix the stability issues, and remove the draconian DRM, I would give it 5 stars.Until Adobe starts listening to their customers, I recommend that you avoid this software.
I have used several other consumer level video editing softwares to create family/friend/wedding videos for the past 5 years. Late last year, I acquired a Canon HF200 camcorder and started shooting with high-definition. Given that blu-ray disk burner and blu-ray disk are still expensive, I publish my high-def video in AVCHD format with regular DVD burner and the low cost DVD-/+ disk. Most of the new blu-ray players can play the AVCHD DVD disk. This is the most economic way to publish your high-def videos.So, my minimum requirement for a video editing software are:(1) the capability of editing high-definition video clips, specifically the AVCHD video format.(2) the capability of burning AVCHD disk.I was able to edit AVCHD video files and burning AVCHD disk with Corel VideoStudio Pro X3 and Roxio Creator 2010. I took it for granted and thought Adobe Premiere Elements 8 can do the samethings also. But, to my surprise, Adobe Premiere Elements 8 does not work well with AVCHD file, and it won't even burn AVCHD DVD!! I am very disappointed.** Con:1. PE8 does not work well in AVCHD, do not consider this software if you are using 1080 resolution.2. PE8 cannot write Blu-Ray format to a file, disk only.3. Premier Elements 8 does not support burning AVCHD format DVDs!It appears that the only way to use Premier Elements 8 to burn a full-hd video disc is to go out and buy a $300 blu-ray writer and blu-ray media that still costs around $3 to $5 per disc.** Try it before buying:By all means download the free 30 day trial version from Adobe to test compatibility with your PC before purchasing this product. Also, the introductory "tutorial" information is all marketing -- it doesn't walk you through using the software at all.
I have been using Adobe Premiere Elements 7 for over a year.  I've created over 150 videos by combining multiple video clips, transitions, titles, image adjustments, and special effects.  I am very very pleased with Premiere Elements 7. Having read far too many reports of extensive problems with other video software programs by other companies, I was very thankful that Abode Premiere Elements was such a gem.  On rare occassions, Premeire Elements 7 would freeze up.  However I learned how to manually work around this with ease.When Premiere Elements 8 was released, I was eager to upgrade.  My excitement lasted about 10 minutes when I experienced repeated software freeze ups, software crashes, and error messages.  I was shocked to see how version 7 turned into this monster!I quickly uninstalled version 8, did a Vista system restore to before the Elements version 8 installation to avoid any future problems.  Thankfully, my Abode Premiere Elements 7 was restored perfectly.Next time, I'll be sure to do some more research before I test out Premiere Elements 9 or 10.
Before I start this review, I must admit that I am a die-hard Adobe user and have theirAdobe Creative Suite CS3 Master Collection [OLD VERSION], of which there is a more complete version of this software in Adobe Premiere Pro, which I have found to be absolutely outstanding just like the rest of the programs. Therefore, it is actually painful for me to write this review of this Adobe product because I simply don't have anything positive to say about it and I received this copy for FREE!I attempted to load it onto two different computers and couldn't get either one to accept it and it even caused some minor issues with my computer when I tried to install it, although it was minor and didn't cause any major damage or timely delays. It was however a nuisance to try and install.Before I started writing this review I checked out the reviews from other customers on this item and seen that a lot of them were having the same problems. This I attribute to a problem with the manufacture of this product and one that appears to be able to be corrected by the manufacturer and developers.As it currently stands, I can not recommend this product, although I do highly recommend the full versions that Adobe does offer. Yes, they are more expensive, but they are definitely worth every penny. Unlike this product!Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
I reviewed version 7 of this product last year and found it to be almost a complete waste of time.  I was very excited to get the latest version of Premiere Elements and had been looking forward to it for some time. Unfortunately, Adobe proved that once again they are schedule driven and not quality driven, because I was not able to complete a single project after three days (about 10 total hours), due to instability of the product.To start with, the feature I was most excited about was the "people recognition" feature which I thought worked on videos and photos. Basically, the product claimed to be able to recognize faces and to automatically apply tags.  To my dismay it appears to only work with photos.  However, even this was exciting to me since I have a library in excess of 40,000 pictures that I've taken and I struggle to keep up with it.Guess what? The people recognition feature is horrible to use and much slower that just manually tagging photos and videos. In this release, face recognition is a total gimmick that is time consuming and error prone. The only value it added was that it often pointed me to faces of people without making me manually select them.  I then had to usually enter the name and occasionally confirm the face it thought it found. The wizard for doing this seems neat at first, but you quickly realize that it is probably about 10 times more time consuming and tedious that doing it yourself and using Windows to just add tags directly to the picture.  In addition, when going through their wizard I was constantly correcting it to tell it that things like a glass of wine (really) or a quilt on a bed (really) were not people.  The best way to describe this feature is pure agony, especially since it doesn't give any indication of how far you've gone or how much further you have to go when working with a large set of photos.  And then when you finally finish, it is such a let down to find out that you have to go back through and manually point out faces that it didn't think were faces and that it still thinks that the brown patch on your lawn should have a name.The fact that their video editing program included a (mostly) stand-alone organizer for photos seemed like a great value-add feature even without the people recognition. It turns out that the organizer is only useful if you always, always, always do all of your organizing directly via the organizer and never think that you'll want to use something besides Adobe.  Why?  Because if you ever rename or move a file outside of the organizer it will freak out and lose track of it (forcing you to manually link it back up).  In addition, the most annoying part is that it only stores the tags and keywords within the program itself. None of the tags you painstakingly applied within the organizer are saved in the file and are therefore not usable by any other program, including Windows. Forget about using the built in Windows keyword searching through Media Player or Media Center (or via Media Center extenders).  Also, Windows 7 and Vista can search based on tags directly from the file browser, but you are out of luck if you applies all the tags from within Adobe.Okay, okay, I know I'm supposed to be reviewing the video editing. I wanted to do some editing of the 1920 x 1080i AVCHD video captured by my Canon HF10 camcorder. I was let down tremendously by the instability of Premiere Elements 8 on my system. It took me 6 hours to get some videos imported, because it kept on freezing up while importing  I had to slowly cull down the videos for it to import down to a subset of what I really had, because the program would freeze up in the middle of doing the imports.  I finally got a few videos imported and the thing crashed on my 3 straight times while trying to start up a project with those videos.  I can only take so much torture and will not continue with trying to make it work.Adobe did really improve the help system over last year, but it takes some tinkering.  Out of the box it will take you to a website that is somewhat slow.  However, from the website you can install an Adobe Air application that puts a help system on your local box.  It is also self updating. So, expect to wait a good ten minutes to get that running the first time you need the help. My guess is that they ran out of time to actually put it on the installer and wanted to get this shipped in time for Christmas.  Still, the fact that you can have local help (vs version 7) is a big improvement.Adobe has added a direct product connection with [...] and this does add some value, but they also have used this as a way to upsell higher level services. I signed up for the basic free account which simply gives you 2GB of online storage.OVERALL, I found it to be sub-par to the user interface, power, and quickness of other products out there. The feature set was simply about par for this level of video editing software. The face recognition sounded great, but turned out to be nothing more than a time waster. My final rating of it was greatly degraded by the instability of the software, but that only seems fair given that I tried quite a bit to overcome the instability to no avail. I spent several long days working with it and I never was able to get a project finished. I'd have to really hate myself to keep fighting with this terrible product.I have a system that more than meets the system requirements for this product and it still felt slow to use (Windows 7 64 bit Ultimate loaded on a Q6600 (Quad core) with 8 GB of RAM, an ATI Radeon HD 4670 512MB, and a 1.5 Terabyte hard disk). One thing that really annoys me about this product is that it relies on Apple Quicktime software to play and render certain media types.  This is pathetic, especially when the media types suport it wants the Quicktime software for are built into Windows 7.  If I wanted Quicktime on my system, I would just buy a Mac and use iMovie (which I do).Since SOME other reviewers do not have instability problems, I must conclude that whether or not you'll experience instability issues is going to be dependent on your exact computer and the software on it. Therefore, I would highly recommend downloading a trial version of the software from Adobe and doing some serious editing before paying for the software. In my opinion, it was probably released before it was fully baked so that it would be available for the 2009 Holiday season, which seems to be becoming a habit for Adobe. I'll be using different software for my video editing.
I was expecting a good program but all I got was a basic photo editor that tracks photos on your computer... Utterly pointless.This might be good for the basic person that has no clue as to how to use any advanced programs but this software is seriously lacking still. I have yet to find anything that will take lens blue out of an image or even motion blur caused by a shake or anything of the sort.while this does have a couple nice simple things like adding tan to a person or fixing blemishes and so on it still doesn't even come close to comparing to a majority of other software titles out there.A couple quick youtube videos later and you could be using adobe photoshop to stomp a mud hole in this programs abilities. Granted Photoshop is a rather expensive program it just can't be matched by anything else out there. I did receive this software for the explicit purposes of reviewing it and I'll have to say they really dropped the ball on this one.edit:They should have at least included some other features with the software for stuff like chromatic aberrations (an optical aberration in which the image has colored fringes.). Basically CA is when light hits the side of an object and the camera perceives a glare or flare off of the side of that object in the form of a red or blueish light that kind of glows around the edges, it can be other colors but red and blue are the common ones that I see a lot of in shots that I work on.At most this is just a photo organizer with a couple other features.
There are so many things that I don't really like with this software. . . and few that I do.  Most have already been posted, so I will tune-in on a few more.First of all, I think that if you're interested in photo software, you should stop reading right now, and have a look at the "real deal" Paint Shop Pro X2 or Paint Shop Pro X2 Ultimate.  Currently, the standard Paint Shop Pro X2 is only about $10 more than Photo Express. . . which does not come even close to the Pro version.Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo X2Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo X2 UltimateI'm not a photographer.  I'm just a "normal" guy and every now and then I need to "touch-up" some pictures for personal use or for my small business.  I've used Paint Shop Pro (different versions) for many years.  Though it's quite powerful software, I only "scratch the surface" with it, but I find it easy to operate and I can easily take care of what I need to do.I had to try THREE TIMES to load Photo Express on my Vista computer.  It takes-up a chunk of space, and takes forever to install.One of the main things that it does NOT do, which I find hard to believe, is that you can't copy a picture from somewhere, and then paste it as a new picture into Photo Express.  As others have said, it automatically saves any changes you might have made to your picture without asking.  That's a HUGE problem for most people.  There are not a lot of options to retouch.  You can't erase the background.  I don't see a way to add text.  The list just goes on and on.FYI, in the information that came in the box, it looks like there is also a "suite" which includes Photo Express as well as video. . . Again, I would not trust it.  Get the "real deal".Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo X2 Ultimate & VideoStudio Pro X2 Bundle
When I first ran it, it hung - had to kill a process which was probably searching for photos. Not a good start.When creating a slideshow, it crops and pans pictures in uncontrollable ways, so that heads are cut off and so on. If you double click on the picture, you can adjust the cropping, though - beware, "Apply" saves changes to the original image, not just for the slideshow. (There is an option to revert, though.) AND the edited photo is automatically added to the END of the slideshow, so you have to drag it back to the right place - not an easy task in this interface, because dragging it past the right/left side of the window only scrolls if you hit the right spot. AND after you've cropped it to suit the pan/zoom transition, you might find the transition is now different!Titles disappear upon playback after adding music and other operations - they're still there, but you have to re-open the project to see them again. We also found that the beginning title also moved to the top randomly. And titles sometimes vanish for no reason.There is no way to adjust timing and transitions for individual pictures - changes apply to all. If you want a certain photo to display longer, there's no way to do that - can't repeat a photo. Brilliant!The user interface is easy to figure out, but getting to the right place in the timeline is a mess. If you click on the actual photo in the timeline, nothing happens. Click on the slider underneath and it jumps to the proportional location in the slideshow, not to the picture above it.There are options to fit show to music or vice versa, but it doesn't fade music for you, so you have to edit it yourself using your own resources. If the music track isn't long enough, it repeats. If it's too long, some photos may repeat. If you see pictures in the playback preview which you can't see in the media list, this is why.No options to pick the photos to show at the starting and ending templates - for the starting template, it shows the first photo and shows it again when the slideshow starts.So, if you're not too picky, this is easy to use to create a basic slideshow. If you want just a little more control, you'll find this doesn't meet your needs.
Received this product from the Amazon Vine program:After 5 or 6 attempts to install this on my Dell Inspiron 32 bit Windows Vista desktop PC I gave up. I have Corel Photo Album 7 on my machine and perhaps that's preventing it from installing. I've disabled my firewall and turned off anti virus sotware so I know that's not preventing it. Don't really know what else to say. After the first attempt, when I entered my product registration key, at the end of the process it said "intallation NOT complete because there was another installation in progress" or some such thing. I closed all programs, turned off virus protection and firewall, rebooted the computer and tried again. With the subsequent attempts to install the software I was asked if I "really wanted to REMOVE" the software. If I click exit it says "are you sure you don't want to install...", If I click continue, it goes through the process but does not end up installing and I get the same message stating "installation not complete". I've looked on my PC and gone to add/remove programs but the software does not exist on the computer.There is an issue somewhere. I don't know if it's a Windows Vista issue or a Corel Issue. However, the product is advertised as being compatible with Vista and Windows 7 so in my opinion it's a Corel problem. I cannot recommend this product.11/20/09: Addition to review: I again tried without success to install this software on my Windows7 PC (I upgraded from Vista). I contacted Corel support via an online chat session. I explained in detail to the support person the installation problem. I was told that the software installed but was corrupted. The tech support person seemed confident that he/she had a fix and provided me with a link to download something from their Website to uninstall the software (note: the software does not show up as being installed anywhere on my computer). After downloading it, using Firefox, I got an error message. So, I tried again, using Internet Explorer and got the same error message. I then went back to Corel's tech support site at 3:55 PM Pacific Standard Time on Friday to start another tech support chat session. I got a message that they close at 7 PM Eastern time and I was unable to get a chat session even though it was five minutes before closing.Needless to say I am not at all impressed with this product because it does not work. Furthermore, Corel's support is not available as advertised and the support provided was not helpful.
Don't just walk away from this purchase, run!  This has got to be the worst photo software I have ever used.  I think the Express stands for how fast you are going to get frustrated with using the program.  From the ridiculous way it overwrites the original pictures to the slowness of the program, this software has got to be the worst out there.  I'd rather use the free built-in tools with Windows than spend a dime on this software package.Of course its not just the features of the program that are awful, there is also the general Windows 7 incompatibility.  If you have made the switch to Windows 7 be prepared for a world of headache with this program.  From constant program crashing to its inability to use any of the new features of the OS (libraries anyone?) Photo Express is a good example of how not to design a program to make use of a modern OS.My final word on this?  Stay away!  Run!  Run! Run!
I wanted to like this product, having been a faithful user of Paint Shop Pro for years, all the way to Corel's X2 version. Calling this product Paint Shop Photo Express is misleading for those familiar with the versatility, ease of use and multiple functions of Paint Shop Pro. I was expecting a toned down version of PSP, a great alternative to Photoshop for the budget-conscious, but I what I got floored me, especially considering the quality of Corel's other products.Installing this software was an epic event; I had to find other stuff to do... WAY too much time for what little this program does. I daresay you already have more image editing capabilities on your phone or scanner/printer than this software. Frames and toning are all you get... unbelievable! You may like the interface, but it's ALL you will like, especially when it makes changes to your OS without permission. I suspect this is some kind of copy protection, but I have no idea why anyone would want to use this thing at all.The program automatically overwriting your original image is absolutely unforgivable, and I would give it zero stars for this alone if I could. There are ways around this by duplicating your original folder of images and using the duplicates, and there is a revert to original option. However not many people will think to copy a folder or remember to revert, so you will lose irreplaceable images if you are not careful with this. I recommend you avoid this software at all costs. There are much better image editing products out there, comparably priced, with much more functionality, that will not destroy your precious memories and artwork.
Sadly, it was not to be.To begin, let's clear the air on hardware issues. I run a pretty darned good setup:Dell Studio XPS 8000, Intel i7, 8 gigs of RAM, Win7 Pro 64 bit. High end video card. So my machine's no slouch. I'm connected to the web through T2-3 grade cable-modem. It smokes.This software loaded flawlessly, though slowly. Okay, no biggie, I thought.Updates went smoothly though slowly.Then, of course, I took it for a test drive and kicked the tires.Unfortunately, the wheels fell off.The project: To transfer a 3 minute segment of a DVD home movie to another DVD disc to send to a family member. About as simple as it gets.I loaded the source DVD into my drive, indicated it as the "source", and hit the transfer icon. In no time at all, the activity card read "program failing to respond", or whatever the wording is. I aborted, and started again. This happened several times. Each time, my computer's DVD activity light was working solidly, so SOMETHING was happening, but the program seemed hung.I left the computer for a couple of hours while I was taking care of my granddaughter, and lo and behold! I came back and the video had actually made it into the program."Aw-riiiiiight", I thought.Editing went very smoothly, and intuitively, along the lines of most of the current software out there. My experience has been with Sony's products (very good), AVS4U (freeware; pretty darned good), early Ulead (couldn't get it to work), and maybe a couple of others.So... I edited my project and saved it, then sent it to the "Factory" part of the system to transfer it to DVD, and that's where the test drive finally went completely over the rails."Factory" couldn't find the saved project anywhere, no matter what I did or where I searched.Bottom line: I wasted a whole lotta time on a project that would have taken me 20 minutes max on other software I have loaded on my computer.I didn't bother calling Corel. Why should I? To waste even more time trying to talk to some tech somehwere to solve a problem I shouldn't even have to be dealing with?Nah. Save your money.
Installation went well but as soon as I get in and start using this, it starts crashing.  I've visited the Corel webpage and I'm not finding anything helpful, just some .DLL replacement suggestions.  My computer never crashes, only with Corel software (oddly, I have issues with their Blu-ray playing software as well).  After fighting with it for an afternoon I uninstalled and never looked back.
I've been having difficulty getting this program to run.  Over the past few weeks, I've been struggling to get Corel VideoStudio Pro X3 to actually run without taking up all the resources on my computer and/or without crashing on me.  Unfortunately, I've had no such luck.  At this point in time I've given up on trying to work with this program.  Because it makes my computer run too slowly, I don't think I can give this program a worth while review.  My computer is a Sony Vaio All-in-One desktop.Not recommended.
There is simply nothing good about this product.  Avoid at all costs.  Just avoid Corel anything!  Thanks to Corel, our other programs no longer work & Corel likes to force you to buy upgrades.  Not only that, it's not easy to uninstall.  Lots of error messages & windows that wont close.  A freakin' nightmare!Try calling customer service & what do you get?  Voice mail until the end of time.  I never spoke to a human.  Left my number & email.  Nothing.  Call the regular customer support number & it tells me I will be charged $15 for a service type call.No more Corel for me.  My husband hates it too & just might divorce my ass if I bring anymore Corel products into the home!
I had high hopes for this software.  In the past I have used Pinnacle System Studio to create several DVD's with menus, various effects and music tracks.  The later version of that software become more and more bug ridden until I had to through in the towel.Along comes Corel Video Studio Pro X3 and it looked like it had the same user interface as Pinnacle so I thought it would be a great replacement.Unfortunately it couldn't handle a simple 2 minute video clip from an iPhone without crashing.  All I tried to do was add in a dissolve transition and every time it would crash when I played it back.I have better things to do than to try and work around bug ridden software. I would skip it until this issue is resolved.
I requested this from Vine because I had good luck with Video Studio products in the past.  In this case, however, I have to say my disappointment was extreme.I have not been able to use the product.  While it's rated for a requirement of 1GB RAM, this application is so RAM intensive, that it brought my system to a standstill.  Trying to import my media files was a prolonged and tedious process, and the entire thing would repeatedly hang up my entire system.  The first time I ran it, it even went so far as to crashing my system completely.  In other cases, I couldn't close it, even with task manager, and had to do a hard reboot, since my system wouldn't even respond enough to shut down.I would not recommend this product for anyone.  The flash interface for this program is just that, flashy, but it's completely unnecessary and causes too many problems for even a computer geek like myself.Don't bother.  Spend your money on something else.
You think I would have learned my lesson with Corel Paint, but no.  This came up in Vine and I thought I'd give it a try to see if it would better my previous experience.Sadly, it did not.  The program is slow and buggy.  Frankly, Windows Movie Maker can handle all that this does and it actually runs fine on my computer.Not for the even the semi-amature videographer.
Having tried to actually use this produce several times over the past few months and the only thing I can say is don't buy it.Its difficult to navigate and slow to process video. The formats you choose to convert to are also buggy.Pros:Pretty interfaceCons:Hard to navigateSlow to processbuggy outputI seriously tried to use this but its very difficult to use.
Maybe I'm just looking too deeply into this software, but I just couldn't take the "simplicity" of it. You have your most basic editing possible available to you, but not with much more. This is definitely something I would not buy because it just doesn't have enough features. Leave the beginner to Windows Movie Maker and leave this alone.
I have another Corel Photo Album on my Windows Desktop. When I tried to install this Corel Video Studio Express I kept getting weird error messages stating it was installed and needed to be removed and reinstalled. However, nowhere on my PC could I find the software to uninstall it. I called Corel tech support and spent about 1/2 hour on the phone with them. They sent me a link with an alleged fix that was absolutely worthless. I spend a lot of time on several computers in my house. As a result, I've spent a lot of time with different tech support folks from varying software, hardware and modem/router manufacturers. I really wasn't interested in pursuing this matter further as this was an Amazon Vine product.I'm sorry but this should have been a straight and simple install but it turned into a royal pain in the butt. For all I know this may be a great product but don't count on good quality support from this product's manufacturer.
Corel seems hellbent on driving the Paintshop Pro brand into the ground.  I used to LOVE the Paintshop Pro brand, back when JASC was at the helm. I STILL have version 8.0 of Paintshop Pro installed, and I still use it. It is a FANTASTIC program.  And that is kind of the problem that companies like Corel and Microsoft have -- how many version of an image editor, or word processor do people need? If you already HAVE something that removes red-eye and crops, if you already HAVE something that bolds, and aligns, and does italics -- why do you need another one?  ESPECIALLY one that will install all sorts of hidden processes on your system, and drain your system resources.  Corel's answer to this is to introduce dumbed down tools nobody asked for, and to add modes nobody asked for (such as the organizer -- more on that in a moment).This program also tries to hijack a lot of your settings when you install it, which you have to hunt for the options to UN-check, during the install process.An Urgent Note To Corporate Software Executives: if your software is going to have "background" processes sucking up system resources, you need to inform your customers of that during the install, and you need to give them the option to turn that mess off before it even begins!I found a process for "auto analyzing" the contents of my hard drive running, after I installed this program. I also found something named "PsiService_2.exe" which is a "licensing" agent from "Protexis" set to run Automatically in services.msc, if this service is stopped Corel will no longer run and requests a reinstall.Basically, what Corel has added to Paintshop Pro is bloatware, and tools for people who do not know how to use computers -- and tools for grandparents. The "Organizer" is a disaster, that runs slower than a glacier sprints across a continent (and will try to run 24/7 on your computer, constantly analyzing your files). It allows you to "tag" images, and to rate them, etc. The kind of thing a grandma might like to do.Everything else in the program is either an over-simplifier tool for someone terrified of computers, or it is the same tool that every other image editor has.  The final insult was the uninstall process. Mine took over over 15 minutes, and they had the nerve to show a slide show while doing it, and the cpu never pinged hard while doing this (I checked) the RAM never spiked, it wasn't working hard -- they just wanted to delay the uninstall process to show 15 minutes of advertising/begging. It seemed like it was hung during the uninstall process, but after closing pretty much every other running process and program on the system, it finally finished.This program is bad, and the makers of it should feel bad.  Use the free Paint .NET until the corporations get their act together.1 star.
I'm going to put this into bullet statements so that this is quick, easy and painless. My experience with this program was anything but.1. This software took a ridiculous amount of time to completely install and relinquish control of my machine back to me.2. I installed this on a nearly new machine with Windows 7 only 1 week old. This program started causing reboot problems with my machine almost immediately. Starting the program and trying use the features seem to also take forever. I was a bit afraid to try and render something or save a large file.3. The interface looks like a slick version of Windows 3.1 (which is old, people. 1992 old) And for its lack of ability in anything but 16 bit, it seems almost fitting.4. As technically overwhelming as Adobe Photoshop is, this program was about as intuitive as a rock and often behaved like one. I gave it a fair shot and spent several weeks going back and forth with it.5. Freezes a lot. Crashes a lot. Lost work several times. Several of the features failed to load properly but was only apparent when I tried to use it.6. Want to try to get a secondary manual to help you through learning the software? Guess again, there aren't many choices at all. This isn't a very popular photo editing product in the photography world at all.7. It took forever to uninstall this program and it left behind so many registry keys and bloatware files that I decided to just scrub the entire windows installation as I thought this program may have actually corrupted my Windows installation. THAT hasn't happened in years.8. Some of the features were just ridiculous, too. Corel needs to decide if they're trying to build a  web browser or a photo editing program. They're trying to be cool and do both, but it's just an awful sluggish attempt at both.Epic Fail, folks. Epic....
Quick question:  How would you like your word processor putting "Microsoft Office 2010 (c) Microsoft" on the bottom of every page on your resume, or company brochure?  You would use Word Perfect instead!PaperPort has the same issue-they insist on putting their name on the watermark of every scanned page.
I don't have the product, but I have been reading the reviews.  In the past I have bought Nuance's Dragon Naturally Speaking 9.5 and 10.0 and PDF Converter Professional 5 and 6, all of which worked fine.  Keep in mind that, like Corel and Avanquest, Nuance is a company that buys out other software companies to obtain their product line--so Dragon, PDF Converter and Paperport do not share the same origins.Regarding PP12, consider this: List price for the non-Professional version is $100.  It sells on Amazon for $52.  Today (Thanksgiving) I received an email from Nuance that through November 30 they are selling it for $30, "70% off regular price", download or boxed.There are basically only two times when companies sell at THAT much of a discount: (1) To get rid of boxed product when they are getting ready to launch a new version; or (2) When the product has a major problem and is getting lousy reviews.Although I'm an attorney, I am a power user who worked as an electronic tech for 10 years, I worked several years as a programmer and I have worked extensively with computers for 30 years.  Nuance's extensive registry hack is ridiculous even if it does work (don't know).One commenter says when he loaded the software his CPU usage went to 100% and it seemed PP12 was trying to index all PDF's on his system.  I ran into the same situation with Nuance's PDF Converter.  ADOBE READER INSTALLS AN "iFilter" THAT INDEXES ALL PDF'S SO WINDOWS SEARCH CAN SEARCH THEM.  VARIOUS NUANCE PRODUCTS INSTALL THEIR OWN INDEXER THAT DUPLICATES THIS ACTIVITY.For PDF Converter Professional, the background indexer can be turned off by starting msconfig, selecting the Services tab, checking the Hide all Microsoft services box (not necessary -- just for convenience), and in the Services column uncheck PDFProFiltSrv, Manufacturer Nuance Communications.  Probably PP12's indexer can be turned off the same way.I don't really know what the differences are between PP12 and Nuance's PDF Converter Pro 6 (list $100), but I have been quite satisfied with that (although I also have Acrobat Standard 9 and mainly use that).  Nuance's lower-priced variations of PDF Create/Converter can't scan documents, nor can PDF Converter Pro before version 6.At their website Nuance does offer a 30-day free trial for PDF Pro Converter but not for PaperPort.  Per Nuance's website, the non-Pro PP12 does not have the virtual printer driver that allows you to create PDF's from any application. (You can use the free DoPDF program, ver. 6.3.)
If you are considering buying this - don't!  Version 12 is a nightmare.  The DocuCom watermark appears on your scans.  To remove the watermark they charge another $99!My advice is to use the scanning software that came with your PC, download OpenOffice and covert to PDF this way, download a free PDF converter from download dot-com, spend the money and get Adobe Acrobat Pro.  Any option is far better than PaperPort!
I have used PaperPort for document management since its version 6 when I got it with my Xerox Documate Scanner and it works with your scanner to scan all your paper documents as PDF files. It has worked with every scanner I tried - Xerox Documate 252, HP 5350, Dell 1600, Dell 2335n, Brother 9840 etc. The main utility of this program is that it converts scanned documents into PDF format, which is more widely recognized and uses less disk space than JPEG format which is the default file type for a lot of the scanners. Another good thing that I liked was the FormTyper which you could use to fill the scanned forms, although it was cumbersome to use because first you have to convert the PDF file into the PaperPort (max) format. PDF Create, which is part of PaperPort lets you print anything as a PDF document on the computer. A new feature they have added in version 12 is the ability to convert digital camera images into text. These days everybody has a cell phone with camera which you carry with you all the time, unlike a scanner, and is handy. So far, I have not tested this feature personally.But the program is painfully slow and buggy: takes forever to install, start and scan. And it does lot of annoying things, for example, when I installed paperPort 12 it uninstalled my PDF Converter program! Instead of getting better and faster, each new version is worse than the previous one! Version 12 is much slower than version 11. They have replaced FormTyper with PDF Viewer Plus, which obviates the need to convert PDF forms to max format but is pretty much unusable. Nuance has the worst activation policy I have encountered. Paperport 12 has several component programs but they give you only one serial number. So they activated Paperport 12, but when I try to use the other components - PDF Viewer Plus and PDF Create, I get a message "The number of allowable activations has been exceeded." Can you get more absurd and ridculous? So I have been unable to use the other components of the same program! These idiots at Nuance do not even their dogfood.Paperport 12 installs an automatic upgrade tool which starts with Windows startup and slows down your computer. I hate it when programs install junkware like that, particularly which starts on computer startup and makes your computer crawl. Last time I upgraded paperPort version 11, the program stopped working and would freeze up. I had to uninstall the upgrade and go back to my original version 11 install. Nuance does not test its products thoroughly before putting them up for sale. PaperPort is infected with "featuritis" - so many features which most users don't use but slow down the program for everyone. Programmers and software engineers did not spend a few hundred hours to trim the code and make the program nimble, so you have to spend hours of extra time in front of the computer. Nuance has totally ruined Paperport.For a long time PaperPort had no reasonably priced competition because Adobe Acrobat Pro is exorbitantly priced. Thats why Nuance has been getting away by making each version of PaperPort and slower and buggier. But now there are other programs which can duplicate the function of PaperPort at less cost and they are faster. For example twenty bucks Scan to PDF will scan your documents as PDF and PDF Xchange Viewer will let you fill the forms or create PDF files from other programs. Folder management is really the duplication of Windows Explorer functionality.PaperPort 12 is so bad that on one computer i uninstalled it and went back to my original PaperPort 11 with PDF Converter 5. On another computer I uninstalled PaperPort completely and am using Scan to PDF to capture scanned documents into PDF files, PDF Exchange to fill PDF forms and Windows Explorer for file management.I liked Nuance's program PDF Converter 5 but I think the cheaper and faster way of doing what PaperPort does is by using two different programs: Scan to PDF to use with scanner to scan everything as PDF file and PDF Exchange to modify PDF files or fill forms etc. This combination will give you all useful features without the slow and buggy PaperPort 12 at a lesser price.  Nuance has ruined the newer version of PDF Converter 6 by doing the same thing - making it slower and buggier.My recommendation: do not to buy this slow and buggy PaperPort 12. If you have an old version of PaperPort, stick with it. If you are a new user, you will get faster and cheaper solution with using two separate programs - Scan to PDf for ten bucks and PDF Exchange for thirty five.
Not at all happy with this software. We run XP Pro with Microsoft Office Suite 2007.After install, it created an instability on my computer and locked up the memory cache. Extremely heavy resource hog, running at 100%.The overall concept is nice, if it were to work.I don't recommend this for XP Pro users, but you may have better luck with Vista though.
I have been a fan of the Quickbooks series for quite some time. Back when Windows 95 was the alternative to DOS I used to fight my boss about the benefits of Quickbooks over say, Peachtree which used to be DOS only. Move ahead to now and I dont think I would recommend this package to anyone. The overall functionality is there. The thing that really chafes me is the way they dangle "add ons" that you must purchase. Why? Its because they know the average user does may not need payroll. Fine, then don't ship it with the software. Instead, make this addon an inexpensive purchase, NOT a subscription. That is highway robbery. Sticking it to the small business that may use this software is underhanded and petty.Pros:>> Easy to use>> Low learning curve>> Basics are plenty for most small businessesCons:&lt;&lt; Subscription service to add payroll & more&lt;&lt; Feel ripped off when using this software like they just want to dip into your pockets every time you use it.Overall if you just need a basic accounting software for your business you may be better off looking somewhere else. This package is "very" basic and you will need to add a good deal more subscriptions or addons to get it to the level of some higher priced initially, but overall better software packages.Thank you for reading my review.
On the Box: This will upgrade any Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition suite or application, Any Microsoft Office for Mac 2001-2004 suite or application.If you have Leopard or above on your MAC you can not install Office 98.If you need support for Exchange, then get your company to pay for this upgrade.If you need a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation and draw programs go to [...] for a free, painless, and full featured alternative.Basically, everything on this upgrade can be found for free.  Remote Desktop can be achieved with a myriad of free vnc servers, just google free vnc mac.For Exchange support, you can also use an iPhone.Entourage is less useful and more quirky than igoogle.comSo basically, skip this upgrade, trash all of your microsoft office programs and welcome to the world of free software.
Let me first say that I had been a HUGE fan of Norton Internet Security (NIS), even after it let a virus and key logger into my computer, but that was an older version (though I always updated my definitions). I then upgraded to 2010 and it did find and repair the problem, or so I thought. My laptop was running slow, but I just thought it was NIS. Well, recently I had another attack that NIS said it fixed, but this time I was concerned because I could not enter into Safe Mode. NIS said I was clean. I deleted it and reinstalled and updated it and still it said I was clean. Well, I decided to try Kaspersky 2009 (which had I removed because it took so long to get updates and scan). I installed and sure enough I had problems. Not one, not two, how about 27 different worms, viruses, keyloggers, etc. I do know how long they were there, but I had to change all of my passwords (from a different computer). Using a variety of programs, including MalawareBytes and Kaspersky (which I updated and got 2010...which I love, btw) I was able to clean most of it. It took me 9 days to clean everything, and I mean it took a long time. Perhaps someone with more knowledge and ability could have done it faster, but I don't think by much. The worst part is that NIS does not have phone support (unless you pay), and worse, since you aleady paid for the protection, you will have to pay again for them to take care of the problem that they couldn't protect in the first place. I have no confidence at all with NIS. Also, it slows you down a lot, even when running in the background. There is freeware/shareware out there that is much better, e.g. Malawarebytes, and Kaspersky 2010 was great for me. Others may be happy with NIS (as I once was), but now I have no confidence in it and cannot recommend it as it has let in so much. I should note that I am very careful with what I open and do not open anything remotely unknown, even forwarded messages from friends...I also had the email scanner on, so, go figure. I can tell you that if it werent' for these experiences, I would still be a big fan. So far, I am doing fine with the others I have mentioned. We'll see what happens. Honestly though, MB is so far the best, IMHO, in removing and detecting.
I would love to review this product, but the idiots at the Post Office crushed it in delivery!  Might be a good program, might be a good football, I'll never know!
UPDATE - September 2010 -Do not buy this program unless you carry your install disks everywhere you take your computer.I have downgraded my review from 4 stars to 1, and completely deleted my original review text.During a recent trip, I tried opening MapPoint and received the error message "Your registry settings for this application weren't copied correctly". The fix shown was to uninstall and re-install the program. A significant difficulty since I was on the road, and don't typically lug around the install disks for every program I own whenever I leave home.This was bad enough, but I understand there are sometimes odd glitches and just dealt with it until returning home. It did put me in a bad situation as I had all my maps and route information stored in the MapPoint program. Fortunately, my GPS was able to take over and everything worked out.After returning home, over the course of the next few months I tried uninstalling and re-installing the program, following the Microsoft online instructions for a clean install. Same error message. I then tried uninstall/reinstall, clean reg, remove all saved maps, add another user and then open. Same error message.Next step, contacting Microsoft directly. Unfortunately, unless you have the Product number you need to pay $35 for the pleasure of speaking or typing to someone. The product number is, of course, only accessible within the Menu once you open the program - WHICH I CANNOT DO. If I could open the program, I wouldn't need to talk to Microsoft about a program that won't open. See the problem here?I've searched the internet, tried ever fix and workaround listed, and come to the conclusion after a few months of messing with this thing that even if I could get it up and running again, I would never trust it to not fail during another road trip. Thus, rendering a Map program, which I use for TRAVEL, completely useless.I have a feeling that my problem stems from doing an install from an external DVD player. My travel laptop does not have an internal CD/DVD drive, so this is my only option, but I have a feeling it's the root of the problem.My suggestion to anyone looking at this or the updated MapPoint 2011 is to only purchase it if you will be using it exclusively on in a desktop environment, and only if you are installing from an internal CD/DVD drive.
Microsoft Streets & Trips doesn't do anything that Yahoo Maps or, MapQuest driving directions can't do.  In addition, my Garmin GPS also doesn't provide the optimum driving directions.  I used Microsoft Streets & Trips to try to find a better way of getting from our home to our daughter's farm.  I was trying to avoid a highway known for heavy and slow traffic (the Cross Bronx Expressway) yet each of these programs directed me to use that highway and I know that there are a number of good alternatives to get from Long Island to western Sullivan County, New York.MapQuest & Yahoo Driving Directions are free programs available to anyone online.  I also belong to the AAA and can get map routings from them.I cannot see the benefit of buying this program for our purposes.  Unless you need to calculate your mileage, time & fuel expenses in advance and send your route to your GPS device, save your money.
So, if you're using Win 7 of either 32 or 64 bit versions, you should really be using the MS Backup/restore.  First, it's free.  Second, it's an MS product and "should" (for me, it works better than anything else I've tried) work because it's been specifically designed to work on Win 7.But if you want to use something else, I don't recommend Acronis True Image (ATI) 2010.  In it's basic form, it occasionally works (I didn't say well) on my computer to back up my software and OS.  However, I've turned off all of the extra goodies (like non-stop backup), because they really were screwing up the performance of my computer.  Blue screens of death and system freezes were constant.  There are several blogs online that have multiple complaints from ATI2010, so I'm apparently not the only one having problems.  I believe I even read about it causing a computer to become unbootable, although I'm not quite sure how.Customer service with ATI2010 was... how should I put this?  Worse than it should be, but better than banging your head against a spiked wall... uhm, well we'll let the other people comment on that.  After multiple separate tries when the ATI2010 degrading performance on my computer, I never got through to an agent.  I don't know why--it was like I was in "on hold limbo."  I gave up after a few days, and just uninstalled ATI2010, going back to MS Backup/restore.I was able to backup my system with ATI2010 a couple times, but it was not worth the BSODs and freezes.  For those of you who have gotten it to work, great!  I can't recommend this product however.
I honestly don't know what these folks are thinking. This product is being pitched at home users, yet they require a 64-digit hex code to get the thing installed, they provide no installation support, and the functionality is not really geared towards home users.Honestly, there is not much positive to say about this product. I gave it two stars only because it seems to have successfully installed for me, and to have made a back-up. It therefore works, at least in this limited capacity, but I have a Masters in Info Systems, was an MCSE and have maintained corporate networks for years. I mention this because I was not necessarily worried about my computer crashing as a result of the install, because I can pretty easily rebuild the device from scratch if I had to.The reality though is that I also could have a complete backup, and in an easier fashion, with the built in Windows tools. THIS IS NOT A READY FOR PRIME TIME PRODUCT and should NOT be purchased by home users. 99% of the people with computers do not need 5 minute backup intervals, and certainly not home users. Most don't need unlimited roll backs. If you are an advanced user and can deal with the full range of negative outcomes described by other reviewers, then feel free to give this a shot.For most home users, I would recommend a backup external drive that comes with an included backup program. Some excellent candidates are the1 - Clickfree C2N2 - Iomega eGo Portable Mac Edition (if you have a mac)3 - Seagate FreeAgent GoFlex Pro4 - Seagate FreeAgent XtremeEach of these products have their own strengths, but they all offer 1-click backup, and, as they are all external drives, require no additional purchases. Each will be more costly than a software-only offering, but you really do need an external backup device anyway.Update -  Now 1-star. There are several reviewers who pointed out that the back-up to external device is not currently working, and that a future patch is supposed to take care of that. I uninstalled this product and don't want to take the chance of reinstalling it to test this bug. If this is true, and I encourage potential buyers to investigate this and to get a clear answer, then this product is in fact not even a true backup product. Backing data up to your internal hard drive is about one of the most useless ways in which a human can invest his time. Backups must be done to external drives to protect against one of the most common reasons for data loss - hard drive errors.
I've had a positive experience with Acronis true image thus far. Installation is easy (although I think the 64-character registration key is a bit excessive, even if they do let you install with only the first few numbers and then verify later via email) and the product works well.I was amazed at how quickly it backed up my two partitions, totaling around 600 GB, to my network storage (WD MyBook World). It was impressive, to say the least, and from everything I can see, the backup was useful and successful. The scheduler is very versatile, and allowed me to set up regular backups to my network storage... Something that Windows Backup won't do unless I pony up extra cash for the higher-end version.I was so happy with the Acronis product, in fact, that I removed my old network backup software and have chosen to use Acronis instead. In every way, it beat the software included with my NAS. It uses less system resources, it's faster, it's easier to schedule, it offers more options, and it's more reliable (thus far).I do have a few small issues that prompted me to grant four stars instead of five stars:The packaging is one such issue. It's 2010, and I don't see any reason why they need a big cardboard box, with a cardboard liner and shrink-wrap, to contain one DVD and two slips of paper. A less wasteful DVD case would have been preferable.Another issue is the aforementioned 64-character registration key. While they do offer an option to enter the first few characters and then register online (thus giving them your email address and personal information), I think it's pointless, and a bit of a hassle to put legitimate buyers through that. The unwieldy protections aren't stopping any pirates, and it is annoying to consumers to be made to jump through such complicated hoops to use the product they purchased. I appreciate that they try to make it easier on us, but in the end, it's all a lot of nonsense that doesn't protect the company's product. Hackers probably figured it out the day it was released, and so the only people who are stopped by the overlong registration process are legitimate buyers. Ease off a bit, guys! A 32-character key is enough, if you ask me. 64-characters is just plain ridiculous.Finally, if you're going to give me a big cardboard box, at least fill it with something like a manual or a keychain. Justify the empty space, please. You have a nearly-empty box, and then you put the documentation on the disc? As I said above, I'd prefer a DVD case, but if that wasn't an option, then at least print out the manual for me and put it in the box.All of these things are just nitpicking, though. Ultimately I can't complain about Acronis True Image Home 2010. It's a fine product that works as advertised, and allows backups through your home network without any problems.UPDATE 6/2010:I have to amend my review because the experience turned sour. How so? Let me explain after I'm done pulling out my hair......OK, now: Acronis gave me numerous headaches when trying to access my NAS, and kept aborting the backup because of various little problems that kept cropping up, even when I was certain everything was fine. That was the beginning of my issues with True Image, but not the end.I decided to try running my Memeo backup for a while, and went through the uninstall process for Acronis True Image. It seemed to uninstall fine, but then when I rebooted the computer, I got a message before it even got to the OS selection: "Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed."So I pressed "enter"."Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed."I pressed "enter" again."Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed."I panicked, and pressed "esc"."Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed."No matter what I did, this message was all I got. Keep in mind, this is AFTER Acronis True Image was supposedly removed from my system via Windows 7 uninstall (which is what Support told me to use).I tried rebooting with my Acronis Media Recovery disc in the optical drive. I was greeted by a graphical GUI which gave me a few options, one of them being the option to boot into my OS. I selected that, and was greeted with:"Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed.""Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed.""Starting Acronis Loader... Unable to execute program. Press &lt;enter> to proceed."Again, this program that wasn't even supposed to on my hard drive anymore was hijacking my system and preventing me from even getting to the BIOS. I had to rely on a mini Linux installation (thanks to ASUS for including that feature on my laptop) to get to the Internet to be able to troubleshoot the problem (which took some searching) and as it turned out, I needed to fix the Master Boot Record of my computer.What the heck is Acronic True Image doing with my MBR? Why even touch that? And why doesn't it FIX it when I uninstall Acronis True Image?Luckily, I installed Windows from a disc (unlike many people who don't get a disc because it's pre-installed on their computer) and was able to enter a command prompt from the Windows 7 install program, after which I fixed the MBR and was finally able to reboot and get to Windows.What a pain in the neck!Out of curiosity I looked up "uninstall Acronis True Image" on the Internet, and found that Acronis True Image has had issues with this in the past. LOTS of issues with this. There are whole forums of people asking the developers to include a FULL uninstall feature, and apparently, before the most recent versions, it didn't even offer "uninstall" as an option; You had to do it manually. Even if you use Windows Uninstall, you have a lot of "pieces" and changes left in your computer, including the system-killing Master Boot Record alterations which are not undone.And here's what's needed to uninstall Acronis True Image from your computer:----------------------------------------------------------Please do the following in order to uninstall Acronis True Image manually:- Delete Acronis Secure Zone either through the wizard or manually;- Delete "snapman" from the following registry key:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Class\{4D36E967-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318} -> UpperFilters- Delete "snapman" and "timounter" from the following registry key:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Class\{71A27CDD-812A-11D0-BEC7-08002BE2092F} -> UpperFilters- Run Device Manager and delete Acronis Image Archive Explorer;- Delete "snapman", "timounter" and "tifsfilter" from the following registry key:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services- Delete "TrueImage" value from the following registry keys:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\Autopart (can be absent)HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\CDRecordHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\Schedule2HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\SnapAPIHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\SnapmanHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis\VBus- Delete the Windows\System32\autoprnt.exe file, if it exists;- Delete the following folders:Program Files\Common Files\Acronis\CDRecordProgram Files\Common Files\Acronis\Drivers- Download the [...];- Open the command prompt (Start -> Run -> cmd);- Run the following command in the folder you saved the file to:schedmgr service uninstall- Open Task Manager and stop the following processes: schedhlp.exe, TrueImageMonitor.exe;- Delete the Program Files\Common Files\Acronis\Schedule2 folder;- Delete the desktop icon and Start menu shortcuts;- Delete the Program Files\Common Files\Acronis folder;- Delete the Program Files\Acronis\TrueImage folder;- Delete the Program Files\Acronis folder;- Delete "TrueImage Monitor" value from the following registry key:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run- Delete the following keys in HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT:.tib.tistibfiletisfile- Delete the following registry keys:HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall\TrueImageHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Acronis (you may need to grant full control permission to yourself to delete this key)HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Acronis- Reboot the computer.---------------------------------SERIOUSLY!?!?  You're kidding, right? It's 2010 and you don't have an uninstall program to handle all this garbage?So here's my choice: I either deal with this invasive program living in my hard drive (and I refuse to use it, now), or I go through that ridiculous removal process (probably spending a good part of my day doing so) and hope it doesn't cause more problems.I consider this a product-breaking flaw. As such, I'm dropping my review down from four stars to one star, until Acronis gives the user the OPTION to avoid such far-reaching, invasive changes (or at least warns them) and allows us to remove the program completely, without having to jump through hoops or cross our fingers.Acronis True Image may be great at doing backups, but it's like a virus in terms of how it infests your system, and I can't endorse that when less-invasive, more user-friendly options exist.Get your act together, Acronis. This is unfinished software until you offer a FULL uninstall feature that undoes ALL changes you make to a user's system.
Frankly, I hated this program. I've been using Vegas, which, while complex, is flexible and powerful. And it works. Pinnacle 14 was a disaster from installation (which was not smooth) to running: it simply crashed a lot, was way too slow just navigating the program when it DID run, and didn't have the power of Vegas.It ran so poorly (on a clean install of Windows on a quad box) that I actually couldn't get through a full review. Does it get worse than that? Not really, no.
I know my way around a computer and basic graphics and video software. I'm not a professional, but I can put a nice video together when a program doesn't crash every other time I access a feature or slow down to the speed of smell for no apparent reason. I'm not working with inferior equipment, but I do have Vista Basic, and I'll admit that could be part of the problem. Vista isn't exactly known for running programs smoothly, but frankly, the instability of Pinnacle could be one of a hundred different things.I wanted to like this software, even love it. It has wonderful features, an intuitive interface and even a green screen for putting new backgrounds with objects. The problem is that if you can't get any of it to work, it's useless, and as others have mentioned, their customer service is abysmal. This program seems to be targeted to home users, but I'm guessing professional grade tech would be required to get any performance at all out of it, and Pinnacle needs to figure out how to balance that if they want to keep marketing this to the average user-- or anyone at all.
I have been messing around with this program for a couple of weeks.  I had no trouble installing it on a Dell XPS 3 GHz with 2GB Ram running XP.*GoodGreen screen is really nice.  If you get the lighting right you can make some really fun films. We made some with our kids in their favorite movies (but we ended up using different software to do this)The interface will be familiar to anyone who has worked with video editing.Full size printed manual, a rarity these days.*BadDoes not recognize the .mod format from our camcorder.  I know this is a rather strange format (it is actually a version of mpeg4) but Corel Videostudio has no trouble pulling it in.  I have to convert the files for Pinnacle to be able to import them.  It also seems to get confused between the still images taken on the camcorder and the video.*UglyTakes FOREVER to render, when it does manage to do so without crashing.Glitches, does not want to import sometimes,  dies suddenly, hangs, will not "see" the video you are trying to import, crashes the whole computer at times and generally drives you crazy with trying to get it to function.I am giving it 1 star because although the features are there, and it would be an excellent program if it worked, it just does not function.  Too many failures make it too frustrating to use.
Just don't use it.  At all.  You can buy yourself a large storage external hard drive for under $100 these days and they're much more useful than this nonsense.  Annoying to use, horrible storage limits, bad backup profiling.BAD BAD BAD.
I received mine through Vine, and so I don't know if it is a Vine issue or a product issue, but it was only 5 Gig.  Even at 25 gig, there are better values out there.  Carbonite costs roughly the same for unlimited storage as Norton costs for 50 gig, with no additional benefit to Norton.  If you only need 25 gig of backup space, use any online storage solution, such as Amazon Cloud.  There you get the added benefits of sync.Running the initial backup is slow.  I never exceeded 2Mbps with a 150/65 connection.  That's kind of pathetic. Installation crashed, running the backup crashed, running the restore crashed.  It's unstable to the point of being unusable.The one benefit of this is the name.  If you want a backup solution for your work desktop, Norton is a name your IT staff won't argue with.  Unfortunately, that's pretty much all that's going for it.I would suggest instead CrashPlan Plus.  It comes with a 30 day free trial, and you can monitor your backups, or retrieve backed up files, right from your Kindle Fire withCrashPlan
I back up all of my computers, I sync my christmas lights to music each year and one year I lost my files. Ever since then I've done the 3 backup thing. One local, one at home on an external drive and one offsite using a cloud service. I was hoping Norton would be a good replacement.... but it's not.The backups take a long time to complete, yes I know this depends on my network, but the files were going even slower then my last backup service used. The space limitation is a joke. 25gb for $5 currently but the actual retail price is around $40. If you want more space open up your wallet and fork over money.For me I just don't like this product at all. I have used carbonite, that was good. I used BackBlaze that was better but now I am on CrashPlan and prefer that over any other backup product including Norton's. With a monthly fee but unlimited storage and 10 computers I can back up for $10 a month that's a much better deal for me. I have over 3 terabytes backed up from my media server and on norton that would cost several hundreds of dollars.There are better alternatives. Stay away from this deal.
You would think that Norton would be a leader in offering online backup, in light of the success it has had with Norton Internet Security and related products. As a long-time user of Norton products, this is by far the worst I have used; it is definitely Norton's Achilles Heel. There are other products/services from Amazon, Microsoft, Dropbox and many others that offer substantially more online storage. As others have noted, the 25 GB of storage that Norton offers is a mere pittance, especially when one considers the many hours of videos and music clips and the substantial number of digital photographs which many would tend to need, requiring an online backup product that is far more generous than Norton's. I can't recommend Norton Online Backup at all.
I have a two-year-old, high-end iMac.  The back-up process is hung up.  I can't get anyone on chat.  I'm not sure this 5GB is worth messing around.  I've tried everything I can think of.  I've had trouble with Norton before.  I felt it was ridiculous that I had to have someone remotely correct the problem on my computer. I just had a similar problem with a wireless printer.  It seems that when I run into problems I get charged for their time.  I know the warranty says free chat support, but in parenthesis it says that in some cases they charge fees.  Read the small print.  It doesn't say anything about fees for service for over a year.  These days, 25MB is a dinosaur.  The sample I got is for 5MB.  I'll let you know if I get it working.  It's been hung up for hours.
Stay away!  Horribly slow upload speeds.  Wasn't worth the hassle.  Junked it!I recommend using the Amazon S3 backup.  You'll have to Google for it.  It's not sold on Amazon.com but is another service that Amazon offers.  S3 gave me 1 year of free online storage with no size limits.  After 1 year I pay only a few cents per month for each GB of files stored online and my bandwidth use.  S3 is intended to be used as a file server, so there is no automated back up software.  Everything must be done manually.  The transfer speeds are slower than using my FTP and private server... but nowhere near as slow as Norton's Online Backup 2.0.  Check out Amazon S3.  I like it!
I received this product for review via the Amazon Vine program.  The copy I received was only 5GBNorton Online Backup 2.0 1 User / 5 GB, however it wouldn't make any real difference for review purposes.Set up was very simple & pretty swift.The product key card has the instructions on the back including the web address and key code.  Registering was easy just an email address & pick a password.  The download was quick & took up 8.2mb of storage on my computer.I ran the program and it did a storage calculation which took around 10-15 minutes.My results were as follows: total files 66554 which requires 28.95GB of storage.For a 1 year subscription : 5GB or 10Gb is $39.99 / 25GB is $59.99 / 50GB is 69.99For my needs I would have to opt for the 50GB at $69.99 each year.  That covers storage of a max of either 12,000 songs, 14,000 pictures or 200 hours of video; or the equivalent mixture of these.No thank you.  I can purchase a new external hard driveSeagate Expansion 1 TB USB 3.0 Portable External Hard Drive (STBX1000101)right here on Amazon for the same price, and guess what?  It doesn't expire after a year and want more money!  1TB will hold 2 million pictures!Update 4/30/13 ***I have struggled for days with my PC after installing this software.  PC was running very slow, taking forever to download anything, view pages, upload pictures.  Started getting error messages that Norton needed updating to complete backup.  I was unable to uninstall this because it was running on its own in the background!  Norton support was completely useless.  Live chat, wouldn't respond once they realized I was looking for help to delete this.  I finally had to re-boot in safe mode, and do a system restore for a date prior to testing this software.
I thought that this must be the best deal ever---backing up 25G's for only 14.99.  And it let me use this product for 5 users, which I thought was fantastic. I tried it on my desktop, where I have Norton Security, and it said that that Norton product was already backing up my system.  That was the good news.  I put it on the laptop and the trouble started.  My whole computer does not have 25 G's, but it claimed I had too much to back up.  I tried it again, and it worked, but with errors.  Then there was a link and guess where it took me..to buy more storage for a lot of money.  You think when you buy something that claims 25 G's, it would at least work.  It is better to get an external hard drive to back up your stuff.  Then you have control over it and it is a lot less money than coughing up money every year for backup. Plus you are in charge of your information.
Norton Online Backup 2.0 - 1 User / 25GBmay one day be a viable product for cloud based backup.  But at the present time, this seems to be little more than a beta product.  If you like to be on the bleeding edge, you can find much better ways to meet your backup needs.  There are a number of free services that are more robust, and just about all the pay alternatives I have seen seem to provide a better value.Here are some of the main problems I have found with this product.1.) This product has a very minimal capacity to start out with.  25 GB may seem like a lot, but in today's digital world this will not be enough for many people's family videos, never mind their music collections.  From a basic product design point of view, this low data limit is a huge disappointment.2.) This design choice goes hand in hand with an attempt to up-sell, namely get you to pay more for additional storage.  And the price of an additional 25GB is about twice as much as the street price of the first 25GB.  That is simply unacceptable.3.) Actual limits may be much less than that!  There seem to be all kinds of limits on the size of backups and real storage capacity.  That means you need to play out your backups to fit withing their capricious limits.  No thank you.  This is already more work than it is worth.4.) Reliability is poor.  This product seems designed with all kinds of throttling and arbitrary limits built in.  That may account for some problems, but so far I am not confident that this product will work going forward.5.) Restores have problems too!!!  After struggling to back things up, restoring files shouldn't be a struggle.6.) This subscription service requires you to re-buy after a year.  What happens to your data if you don't?CONCLUSIONThere are too many problems with this product to expect customers to invest in it.  There are just too many good alternatives.  Avoid until they have worked out the kinks.
There are a lot of things this product could do better.  First of all, my one year subscription was for 5GB not 25GB.  5GB isn't enough space for me.I've been using DropBox for a while and I think it is a better product by far.  Norton requires you login to their website to restore files.  Not only do I not want to login but I can't remember the long URL so I have to bookmark it.It is hard to navigate to a file using a web interface.  It backs up stuff that doesn't need to be backed up (like APPDATA) and it does it on what appears to be a random schedule.DropBox uses a Windows Explorer interface and syncs to the cloud in the background.  If you set it up to sync with some local folder on your computer then you basically have a real-time backup to the cloud that you can access from any computer.Keep in mind that this is a one year subscription.  I'm not sure how long Norton retains the files after the subscription ends.  My confidence in this product is pretty low.
At age 79, I obviously was already an "old guy" when I first got on the internet.  As a result, I thought my problems with this were due to my ineptitude with a lot of computer technology, but the many comments here nicely indicate that the fault lies with the product and not with me.
If we could return or exchange this product, we would ... its features and pricing have been beaten like a drum, and it's spot in the marketplace superceded by numerous others.One good example: We noticed only very recently that GMail unified its storage with Google Drive online about six weeks ago (May 2013).  Together they now offer 15 gb online storage for free.  Free to start, with an annual renewal price of free. As opposed to this product,Norton Online Backup 2.0 - 1 User / 25GB, priced at $25.99 for the software and first year, $19.99 renewal fee per year thereafter.  There are others, but it hardly seems fair to compare, so I'll stop right there.
As an aspiring novel writer I have used a couple of different writing programs, most notably Scrivener and PageFour.  I installed Outline 4d today and it does exactly what it says it does....lets you work on an outline with some simple cross reference and tracking abilities.  That's really all it does, and this is something that most writing programs already have integrated in some way shape or form.Ok, so fine, here we have a simple program that offers a feature most other writing programs incorporate, but perhaps some people would like to have as a separate program.  I would expect something like this to be available on shareware or for 4.99 digital download so imagine my surprise when I clicked on the Amazon product page to find that this program is 100.00!!!!  I really hope its a misprint because that would be an unbelievable rip off.  This program is way to spartan to demand that price, plain and simple!
'Corel Photo & Video Pro X3 Bundle' is a piece of junk.  Crashes all the time, bad performance, don't buy this, STAY AWAY* NOT RECOMMENDED
Let me preface my whole review by saying "Thank goodness I got this free under the Vine program"!  I have tried (and will no longer) other Corel products and have always had terrible results.  Slow response, sluggish computer, crashing etc.  Needless to say, nothing has changed in this suite.First off, they sent me this "bundle" with 2 VideoStudio discs...didn't even get the photo one.  Not to mention the discs were definitely handled previously as I could see fingerprints and slight scratch marks.  Maybe the packagers overseas forgot to use gloves on my special bundle.Either way, neither disc would install properly and always had a fatal error.  Typical junk from typical Corel crap.If you're even looking at this page RUN FOR YOUR COMPUTERS LIFE!
I was very pleased to see that this bundle was being offered to Vine members to review.  I knew I could make good use out of this fast!  The same day I received it I installed the first disc with no issues.  I grabbed the second disc which looked identical to the first but the packaging sleeve was different & it clearly stated it was the PaintShop Photo Pro disc & the serial numbers were provided.  Upon installing this disc I was asked if I was sure I wanted to uninstall Corel Video Studio.  I was confused & figured I'd put in the wrong disc seeing how they looked the same.  So after trying each disc two times I came to the conclusion that I got a bum bundle with two of the IDENTICAL discs.No biggie really says I, I have been given a friendly little letter thanking me for taking the time to review the product & if I have any problems call this man at this number at this extension.  So I do this.  I try for almost TWO weeks!  I NEVER speak to a human.  I leave voice mail messages leaving my email AND my phone number.  I even tried called the regular Corel customer service number.  For this, you can be charged a $15 service fee!  Imagine that!  You need installation help for example & you have to dish out $15 more!  Needless to say calling the regular customer service number got me nowhere.I have wasted enough time & am totally disgusted with this company.  I don't understand how they can treat anyone this way let alone people they know are flat our reviewing their products!If I had paid for this I would be enraged.  As it is, I am pissed at all the time I have wasted.I never used the Video part of the bundle & I am uninstalling it after this review.  Hopefully I am able to uninstall it without issues.  I noticed other reviewers mention that they had there computers freeze when they opened the program.  I am so NOT going there!  I don't even want to take the risk.  So bye by corel you suck!
Warning, warning, warningThe trial of Outlook on this that you don't even know it is going to install, not only makes itself your email client, it keeps downloading your email even after the trial ends if you open it for any reason, for example to look at all your emails it is already holding hostage, get rid of the trial software for Outlook as soon as you can if you still have it on your computer, I'm currently trying to go through the over 900 emails that it downloaded before I realized that it was even on my computerI was orginally very happy with this product, but then to my dismay I found out the hard way that it installs a trial version of Microsoft Outlook on your computer.Everything works nice, until you send an email and then Outlook takes over your email, I thought it wasn't going to be a problem, then I went to send an email and got a box that popped up and told me that the trial period had ended and that I would have to purchase a $200.00 or more program to get all my business and personal emails back that Outlook automatically downloaded without me selecting that as an optionThe Powerpoint is good on this version, but if you buy this office suite, make sure you do not install any of the trial programs that the disk automatically installs, otherwise you will find yourself losing data that you needed and can't afford to pay the ransom to get back
I have tried to install this program numerous times and to no avail, knowing that I am fully literate and capable of handling simple and complicated tasks on a computer. After giving it numerous tries, my husband gave it a go then a friend. It was way too much of a hassle.
Oh, how I wanted this to work! No such luck. There were so many glitches and issues!I will try to name a few.First of all, it loaded at the speed of smell. Then, there were no options other than creating an account at their website, THAT was annoying!Then, I needed my activation code that was "on the back of the box". I wasted time trying to twist the box into another dimension to find the code! Guess what? It was on a piece of paper floating around INSIDE the box!In order to download the companion software, I needed to use a USB drive, not my hard drive. WHY?We found as we tried to sync our family's computers, that all of them were noticeably slower functioning. Grrr!My biggest gripe at this particular moment is that I can't use it with my iPhone! Really? In 2011?Bottom line, I don't recommend this item.
My need for this program was pretty simple:  I wanted to sync my mail from my windows 7 desktop with my windows 7 laptop.I started by installing it on the "server" (my desktop).  I used the standard install.  One really scary thing is that by default, it wants to sync all your mail (good) documents (ok) and video (owch).  But before I even started installing it on my laptop, I noticed that my desktop machine had suddenly developed a problem: If I closed down my outlook 2007, I could not re-open it without rebooting my machine!  This is a big problem for me, because I have to shut down outlook when I am not around so I can read my mail via webmail from elsewhere.The first thing I thought of was syncables, so I uninstalled syncables and that immediately fixed the problem.  Oh well, it's not worth it to me to solve one problem only to have it cause another, so it will remain off of my system.  Plus it's bad news that you find a fatal flaw in it only minutes after installing it.  I shutter to think of all the other problems I would find if I actually started using it, especially in light of all the other problems reported here.
I never did get this to work right, and it didn't take long to figure out that it was far more hassle than any potential worth.  There are a lot of easier ways to share files on devices than this, that work a lot easier and are also free.  As far as I was concerned,  it was a big headache without a pay off.  We tried it when we were running Vista, and an XP machine, along with an android phone.  I have no idea if it would work better with Windows 7 or 8--we had given up on it ever working by the time we upgraded.
When I received this product I was excited. Once upon a time I lost some files because I didn't back up my computer. I have since gone overboard using 2 local external disks, one jump drive and pay for cloud storage on the internet to backup my system. I tried Syncables thinking it would perhaps make my life easier by allowing me to sync up to another computer and remove one of my other backup methods. In short, it doesn't work very well at all. The program is very clunky and while it will sometimes sync properly between a mac and windows for me it was NOT reliable and by the time I was done I had zero confidence that if I needed to find a file that was synced that I would actually be able to. This did work intermittently, but for me I need a reliable solution and this was not it. I would caution any other users from buying this particular product as I think it will be more grief then it's worth for you.
My review copy of Syncables 360 would not run on my OS 10.6 Mac after installation, giving an error message that the installation was corrupt and that Adobe Air could not run.  There was no information on this issue (or much else) on the syncables support web site, but downloading Adobe Air from the Adobe site and installing it got me past the error.On my Windows XP laptop, the installation went fine, but the Home page of the syncables screen consistently displays "Page not found", even though my internet connection is fine there.Syncables does not use your normal network file sharing mechanism, but instead directly communicates with each copy of syncables using the IP address of each computer on your network and a particular (not-user selectable) port.  This has the benefit of eliminating potential issues with getting file sharing to work between disparate operating systems (Windows, Linux, Mac).  But, it also means that you have less granularity of security since the normal file sharing mechanism would allow you to share (and thus sync) only certain folders.  Thus, this is a more appropriate product for home or at most small business use.Syncables will not sync mail or bookmarks for a typical Mac-to-Mac setup as it does not sync Mac Mail, Entourage or Safari.  It takes extra manual steps to set it up to sync folders other than your standard document and media folders, so automatic syncing of arbitrary folders is not possible.  There appears to be no "preview" mode, as with many other similar products - which would give a list of what the sync would do before actually doing it.  This is really important in a sync setup to make sure you get the intended result, unless you have pretty identical clones for systems.Worse, I could not get Syncables to sync anything in either direction between my two Mac and XP systems.With its non-standard interface (neither Windows nor Mac standard), bugs, and inability to do what it is supposed to, I cannot recommend this software and am not willing to spend any more time trying to get it to work.
When you have multiple computers and smartphones that you use regularly, making sure that the right file is on the right device at the right time, and in sync with all other devices....DON"T USE Syncables.  I like nothiong about this software package.  The GUI is garbage, its not very customizable, you need to install Adobe air to install the software, it complains about A/V software and firewall settings.  I wanted to see if I could use Syncables on my PCs, MACs and LINUX machines but After all of these issue, I pulled this software off my machine and purchased Goodsync.  I was using the free version of Goodsync.  After experiencing this horrible software I decided to go buy the full version of Goodsync.Please don't waste your time!
On Max OS you need the latest version of Adobe AIR for Syncables 360 to install.The registration process requires e-mail confirmation, and for some reason the e-mails with the links to verify the registration went to my Junk folder.After about 3 hours of work, and contacting Syncables support, I finally got the product installed on two Macs.Then I tried to sync, both Macs on the same Wireless N connection. I let it run for about 4 hours and I came back and there was no progress.So, I canceled the process, I will uninstall the product and will use Opera to sync my URLs and documents.I had high hopes for this program and was sadly disappointed.
Kudos for these folks to include any Linux support, but the software had big issues. Tried to sync up an older mac and a newer one along with the Linux laptop I use for data acquisition in my lab. First up, the firewall squished all Syncables. Okay, try it at home. Had some modicum of luck between the two Macs but the link dropped frequently. Sometimes the updates took place, other times it didn't. The Linux install worked alright, but I never could get those files to transfer.So, good product idea, good to have Linux (and Mac) support, but it doesn't work well enough to recommend. Would be a great product if it did work...
Simply put, Syncables 360 Premium is an unnecessary headache. The software is just buggy and awful. If you can manage to get it installed and to the point where it looks like it might work, it rewards you by failing to sync and then telling you to bug off. I fail to see any positives to purchasing and spending any time with this software. Especially in today's age where there are so many simpler, intuitive solutions. Don't bother with this one, unless you're using it to teach a course on what not to do when developing software.
I tried running this on my HP home computer and I also tried running it on my Toshiba laptop but to no avail. I could hear the grears in the CD drive turning and firing up but then nothing.
This is one of the most annoying and intrusive softwares I have used.My Gripes:1. Very slow installation on Windows 7 machine.2. Will not let you install without forcibly creating an account at their web site.3. Tells you that product activation key is on back of the package but actually it is on a piece of paper inside the box, not even on a CD sleeve.4. During installation it forces you to download the companion software but you cannot do that on computer hard drive. You have to go and find a USB drive!5. Installs memory resident programs on all 3 machines that you want to sync, slowing down computer performance.6. Can sync only the programs in Windows directory structure of My Pictures, My Music etc. And if there is way to sync other directories, then in is unobvios and unintuitive and I have not figured it out.7. Does not work on Droid, iPhone, iPad, iPod etc.PROSNone.There is no user guide or manual. Small four page brochure in the package just explains what this product does. It does not appear that Syncables eats its own dogfood. Otherwise they would not have put out a product like this for sale.They have access to your data, memory resident program, email address and password and we don't have endorsement from security companies like Verisign, Truste, McAfee Security etc. to let us know that the data is secure and some criminal are not accessing your data. Looks like they did not even look at the competition like SyncToy, Groove Folder Synchronization, PC Sync etc. before putting this product up for sale! All of them are faster than Syncables.Since 1993, I have used Laplink to sync my computers and although it has minor bugs but nothing like Syncables! Lately I have been using Syncplicity and it works like a charm. Up to 2 Gb directory is free and for data more than 2 Gb you have to pay. Microsoft has Live Sync to sync directories on Windows 7 and Live Mesh on Windows XP. They also have Mac downloads that let you sync with Mac directories. Setting up synchronization on Microsoft Live Sync or Mesh is a little pain, but once you get set up, it works well. I would rather use one of those programs than Syncables; and your data is also accessible from the web anywhere.
I could not get this product to run on my vista computer.it was not compatible,and continuous try aborted.I cannot say anything more than it was frustrating.Perhaps it will load on a future unit.
For some people, this product will work fine.  If you have a standard out-of-the-box setup., with the files in the default locations, it works.  The problem is that nobody that I know leaves things that way and this product simply doesn't have the flexibility to operate as a general purpose synchronization tool.I hate to say it, but I think you need to look elsewhere.
I've never been impressed by any of the versions of Microsoft Office.  Office is generally a solid product and is clearly the "standard" which most businesses use.  But release after release it lacks features that WordPerfect had decades ago and attempts to make Office "user friendly" often just make it more cumbersome to work with.This version however refuses to install on my spare PC.  Even after hours of patching WinXP, Office complains about an XSXML needed a different version (which of course when you try to install informs you that you already have a more up to date version).  So for now I've stopped wasting my time trying to get Office to install.
i gave it a try..MS Word is just a much all around better buy.I found WordPerfect to be a little slower when adding pictures when compared to MS Office 2007.i wasnt a fan of the interfaces either.you also have more businesses, schools, and home computers using MS office as opposed to word perfect.the learning curve wasnt as bad as i thought it would be.. still the adjustment from office 2003 to 2007 was easier to me than 2007 to wordperfect.$240 on amazon can be spent in a much better way.
I originally, gave this a higher rating.  But, I went to convert a .WPS file to a version I can open with WordPerfect and the results were less than satisfying.  Sure, as a standard, run-of-the-mill Word processor, it's okay, but as a powerful office product, I'd look elsewhere.  Go Microsoft Office 2007 or 2010.  Much better and able to open up many file types.I was using this software for just your ordinary word processor, but when it came down to doing higher level operation such as file conversion, it bombed completely.  I added a file to be converted.  When I clicked the OK button, the file name disappeared from the window and nothing was converted.  In addition to this, I tried to seek support on-line, that was a joke.  Corel has really bad technical support.I highly recommend, staying away from this software.
Maybe it's just me but I don't get the concept of this software.  Paint It! is a program that allows you to take your photographs and turn them into what looks like different kinds of paintings. Oil paintings, water colors, pastels, etc will be the outcome of your vacation snapshots.  Is is cool to have? Sure. But I don't know why anyone would want to buy the software to turn a few pics into paintings.  Maybe if you start a pic to portrait business or something.  Not sure why Corel made this. Perhaps if I understood who the end customer is supposed to be then I'd better understand the product.  With that being said, it is like other Corel products: easy to use, intuitive, and easy to set up on your PC.  I just don't get it. I'm not sure what the tag on this product should be but it shouldn't be photo editing or digital scrapbooks, etc.
While I had hoped to enjoy the capabilities of Corel Paint It!, be aware of the hardware requirements for the software. I was unable to load and use the software on either my HP Pavilion laptop or my desktop PC.The software requires Windows 7, Vista, or XP, as well as a Pentium CPU with 700 MHz or greater, 1 GB RAM, and screen resolution of 1024 x 768.Clearly, I was disappointed in my ability to even use this software. It sounded like it would be a fun tool to use to enhance your photos.
Why does the program have to be so difficult? They really need to make these things more intuitive for those of us who don't do graphic designs. I can't really say how the program performs because I got frustrated and quit. I figure if it is that hard then I don't want to bother. I am not a newbie to installing software and I have used many forms of software, adobe photoshop, digital image suit, printmaster (older version) and many others so I think I should be able to handle something like this but that was not the case. I wouldn't recommend because it is hard to figure out and I don't see enough graphics database for the holidays.
I got this product to set up a webpage with some basic features. This software contains very cookie cutter formats, but you have to register to begin. It is not very customizable and it's difficult to figure out how to add any custom features. My teenager was able to do a better job creating a webpage with Frontpage or by just using very basic HTML.This software is meant for those who have absolutely no experience creating a webpage but even then it's not intuitive or user friendly and does not make it easy to create your page. There are some drag and drop features available but they don't work very well. A frustrating experience, I just uninstalled the software before I would waste any more time.
I was very excited to get this program as I wanted to set up my own web page.... bad idea.  When you get this program you have to register before you can do anything.  In doing so you have just given your email address and information to Serif who immediately begins sending you offers to sell you various upgrades that will actually allow the program you already have to work.  Without one or more of these upgrades or add-ons the program is useless.  And you don't really get your own web page with an available online URL, you get a Serif extension address.  If you have a thought of designing, building and setting up your own web site with this program please steer clear of this product.  I still have a headache from trying to work with it and will instead be tossing it in the trash.  I do not recommend this software.
Warning: This is the opinion of a novice. If you're looking for advice for professional products, please look elsewhere!This was not a horrible program in my opinion, but it was discontinued almost immediately after release, is no longer for sale, and is no longer supported.If you see a copy at a garage sale for a buck or something like that, I say pick it up and give it a spin.The layout is fairly quirky (almost feels like Windows 95 software) but it does indeed have a lot of quick & dirty features which worked out great for an novice like me. We used it for landscaping sketches & home remodeling sketches. It's much faster to load than online programs, with fast & intuitive "freestyle" shape tools.Alas, I'm giving it a 1-star because it's so reprehensible for a company to release & dump a product like this.Anyway, if you're looking for freestyle CAD programs, and you're a novice like me, you might want to check outTURBOCAD 15 DELUXE(about $10),TurboCAD Deluxe 2D/3D(under $40), or if you're ready to move into slightly more sophisticated sketches thenAutodesk Sketchbook Pro 2011(about $50).Hope this helps. Good luck!
Final Update - On February 1, 2011, I went to the Autodesk website to check for additional updates and found that FreeStyle had been withdrawn from sale.  Customer support stopped April 1, 2011.Update 10/7/2010 - The first product update was released a couple of weeks ago. The major change fixes the first item below...you can now create custom symbols and store them in the library.  I'm still in the process of evaluating the release and will update this note after I've used it a bit more.Original Review:The designers of a package like AutoCAD FreeStyle face a classic challenge: It needs to be easy to use for a novice, with enough features to be useful, yet not so powerful that it will cannibalize sales of the high-end (and much more expensive) AutoCAD systems.  After spending a couple of days using AutoCAD FreeStyle, I think the designers set the bar way too low.  The interface is simple and easy to learn, but far too many features are missing for FreeStyle to be a competitive program.  That's not to say that FreeStyle can't be used to produce usable drawings; it just could be much better if it included basic features that are in other systems.  Let me go through some of the areas that stood out...Symbol Library - A library is a collection of symbols that are created once and then used on multiple drawings.  FreeStyle comes with a collection of prebuilt symbols that are sufficient to get started, however it's not a complete enough library for a lot of projects - when I attempted to draw my sprinkler system, I discovered that there are no sprinkler components listed.  In most CAD systems, this problem is addressed by allowing the user to build custom symbols.  Once they're added to the library, they can be repeatedly used in future drawings.  This release of FreeStyle doesn't have that capability.  The symbols that come with the program are all that you've got, and that simply isn't enough.  Incidentally, what's in the library is even a little strange... the Electrical Symbols tab includes five Gas and Water symbols along with the basic electrical symbols and the Building Components section only contains six fireplace facades...I'm sure that in real life there are more building components than just those.Paper Size and Scale - When you start a new drawing, the program asks you to select the size of the paper and the object that you' re going to draw.  e.g. you pick 8.5 x 11" paper and select that the page represents a 30' x 40' space.  The scale shows that " equals 1'.  This makes perfect sense to anybody not used to using a CAD program, but is backwards from the norm...normally a designer would select a paper size and a scale.Splines - Splines are a way of smoothly connecting a series of points.  By adjusting the "handles", you can easily draw complex curves.  FreeStyle doesn't have a way of drawing with splines.  The menu allows you to draw with arc segments, straight lines and freehand "doodles".  You can adjust the points of inflection on the doodle and eventually get to the desired curve, but it's not as easy as it seems.  True spline capability would be easier.Radius line joins - When drawing a floor plan, most lines meet with a sharp corner, but that's not always the case.  Sometimes a drawing needs to have a rounded curve joining the two lines.  Most 2-D drafting systems can do that automatically, but FreeStyle lacks that capability.  You can manually accomplish the same thing by drawing a small arc, but why?  You're only talking about a millisecond of computer time to have the program do it for you.Double lines for walls - Often walls in architectural drawings are shown by two parallel lines, representing the inside and outside surfaces.  Freestyle doesn't have that ability built-in.  To do it correctly, it's a little more complicated that just having a double line as a selectable line type....you need to specify wall thickness, join corners correctly and scale appropriately as the drawing size changes.  Again, all this can be done manually, but the basic idea is to have the program save time by doing the work for you.  Incidentally, the work around is to simply draw a thick solid line for walls...look at all the sample drawings for examples.Draw a wall of a house.  Now drag a window or door from the symbol library and place it onto the wall.  You'd think that the wall would break and allow the object to be inserted.  It doesn't.  OK, now manually break the wall into two separate line segments and drag the line ends apart to create the necessary break.  That would work, if there was a way to break a line into two pieces, but there isn't.  So you nuke the whole side of the house and redraw two separate line segments on either side of the door.  That works...until you realize that the door is 6" to the left of where it should be.The algorithm that calculates color fills is flaky.  When you drag the fill icon over a fillable area, the area is highlighted with a light version of the fill color. It's a nice idea, so you can see exactly where the color's going.  Unfortunately, a single open pixel prevents an area from filling.  The highlighting, though, isn't nearly so discerning.  It's not unusual to have an area highlight, but fail to fill when clicking on the mouse button.  I also managed to fill in an object and then select the color and move it while leaving the outline behind...it was a little strange.There's no instruction manual.  You can get help for any of the commands by selecting that command and clicking the question mark icon.  Clicking on the icon showing three stacked baby letter blocks takes you to the Freestyle website where there is more detailed information.  It's annoying, though, not to have something you can skim through.  I was trying to figure out how to color in a tree and it wasn't until I saw a picture in the on-line help that I realized that the color was coming from a filled in circle located behind the tree.I could add more, but you get the idea.  If the product manager at AutoDesk chooses, all of these can (and should) be fixed in a future release.  Until then, though, I'm only giving FreeStyle two stars.  The simple user interface is right on the mark for a non-technical consumer level product.  The omitted features, though, cost it dearly in the ability to produce usable and functional drawings.
I was looking for a way to create short animations and thought this would be an interesting program to enhance my computing skills. The idea of using animations for a variety of things seemed like it could be fun. After playing around with this software for a while, I have to say I just don't "get it". IT is not as simple as it appeared from the description, and I really haven't figured out how to use it effectively. IT is destined for deletion in the near future.
Not even worth the time to review this software.  In the first place Amazon Vine sends a disc without a box or instructions, so when I had trouble installing I had nowhere to look to see if I was doing something wrong.  I notified Vine, and they said they were sorry and would send a replacement Webroot Internet Security product.  They did...they once again sent just the disc.I could not get the program to download properly.  It simply kept running and running and running.Maybe it will stop the bugs from taking over my rubbish.  That's where it is going.
I tried it first on a Windows 7 Home Premium box then on a Windows XP netbook.  It crashed on the install and I couldn't get it set up.  I spent about four hours on it and couldn't get it to run on either machine.  I gave up.
If you have an hour to kill for each install, if you have about 1/2 day for each scan, if you love a company with ZERO useful "support", this just may be your ideal software. I find it odd also that it runs at the same time I am running McAfee Anti Virus and never has any complaints, warnings etc. Yet my McAfee stopped EVERYTHING as soon as this  Webroot tried to run which at least tells me IT is awake and "watching"......Only thing that Webroot found was a harmless shopping toolbar that never posed any threat or problem.I could go into some long, drawn out story about how much time this takes, how I see problems trying to unbury menus for updates etc., or I can just cut to the chase & tell you I have removed this program after just 2 days from all 3 of my Windows 7 computers and gone back to McAfee alone. I will also be trying Trend Micro next week so after this and my WORST nightmare recently trying BitDefender (don 't even ask!). If I have the expected bad luck with it I have had with these latest efforts to test antivirus programs, I will actually simply quit testing these programs, even if free. It is simply not worth all the time and effort to straighten out a computer (much less my 3 computers) when things go badly. It's too bad that their is such a need for these programs in the first place, but when I find a program that works, causes me NO hassle, I stick with it, no matter how much it costs. For me, it is McAfee. So far anyway.For the record, computers tested were a Windows 7 32 bit laptop. The other was a Windows 7 64 Bit Notebook. The other was my Windows 7 - 64 Bit Gaming Computer.
...and not a good choice even if you're the alpha geek in your home.When it comes to digital data backups, I'm more paranoid than most about doing them regularly. We took our last non-digital photograph in 2003; like many people, our digital portfolio extends from images to the additional value represented in digitized music libraries, personal financial data, schoolwork, video, whatever. These investments are why I pay close attention to regular backups. My current "data files only" backup approach means that even a catastrophic failure on my primary PC will never cause me to lose more than a week's worth of data.Further, I've always possessed either the installation media or downloaded (and archived!) executable files for both my operating systems and applications. Because of this --and because I'm working in a home environment where total disk or computer failures are a rarity-- I've never worried about complete system imaging (which includes drivers, settings and installed program files). Instead, at those times when computers have failed (and fail they will; hard drives and motherboards have each met their last days in my machines in my care), I've been content (and accepting of the hassle) to replace the failed hardware, and then restore the applications and data as needed. I can finish this work in a weekend, and know the routine...So, let's end the lecture about backing up your data with a question:how much of your digital content can you afford to comfortably lose? This should provide the answer about the current adequacy --or not-- of your backup solutions.Acronis True Image Home 2011 is supposed help with this, by creating backups of your system configuration and your data. Unfortunately, it's interface is complicated, and the options it presents are non-intuitive and and likely to be overwhelming for less technically-inclined users. They were both of these things to me, and I've been archiving data, upgrading components and migrating applications and data to newer machines for a long time.User experience comments:-Installation takes a surprisingly long time, even on machines with abundant of RAM and fast processors.-During the installation, you'll be prompted to opt-in or opt-out of the "Acronis Customer Experience Program", which "periodically" sends hardware, software and virtual machine configuration data back to Acronis. I opted out, as the EULA indicates the data is aggregated; you as a customer won't be receiving any feedback, regardless of the name.-Proceeding with the install requires entry of a 64 --count 'em, 64!-- character serial number. Is this really necessary? Amazon will sell me a gift card worth many times more than the cost of this software, and protect it with far fewer characters...-At install, it will also prompt for you to select either the "typical", "custom" or "complete" install option. The interface simply indicates that typical is fine for most users, and complete requires the most disk spaces. For this review, I installed "custom" on a netbook running Windows 7, and "typical" on laptop running Windows Vista.-After installation is complete, Acronis requires a restart before proceeding with any backups.Data backup options comments:-Email: works only with Microsoft Outlook data and with Windows Contacts; no other mail clients are supported.-Data: a wizard guides you through which files you'd like to backup, and when.-Bootable media: creates a bootable CD, DVD, disk drive or solid state storage device that will take move to a point where it can discover saved Acronis backup files, and proceed with restoration.For this review, after installing Acronis on a laptop running Vista, I created a system backup to an external USB hard drive. Note This drive had more storage capacity than the laptop's hard drive, a requirement for truly effective disk imaging. It locked up during the attempt to restore that image to the laptop.Using this software is only marginally better than NO backup solution. The the interface is cluttered, it often pauses with no feedback for long periods and will potentially overwhelm non-technical users...perhaps the ones most in need of a backup strategy. I can't recommend this is as a solution with any confidence.
In this day and age, it's easier and better just to mirror your ENTIRE drive to another spare drive.  There's no need to have tape-backup style incrementals and such nonsense, which are resource intensive and prone to problems.  Many backup programs already support automatic scheduled mirroring but not true image.  You have to manually click away to do it.  Not good, and for commercial software this is really bad actually.
Acronis' has been in the Backup software business for some time. One would think that would have made their software more user-friendly and functional. They have not. I would avoid it.Perhaps the greatest concern of any computer user is that some day, something will go terribly wrong and the data they have developed and stored on their device(s) will become compromised, corrupted or lost.To address this unfortunately but unarguably realistic concern, many varieties or restore and backup systems have been developed and marketed, among them, Acronis' True Image Home 2011 Backup and Recovery. After installing and trying it on two different computers, one desktop, and one laptop, I have come to the conclusion that the software is pretty straightforwardly a waste of money and that, for around the same expenditure; an external USB hard drive is a much safer, easier and more reliable backup system for most computer users.Those who have used Windows operating systems for many years have come to appreciate that the Restore program built into the OS is notoriously and predictably unreliable. Microsoft has simply never focused sufficiently on this aspect of their OS to get it right. Consequently, Windows users are smart to find other methods that are more reliable with which to backup their data and restore their systems in the event of some technical calamity.Backup and restore activities can be addressed in two fundamentally different ways. One is pretty simple, the other more complex. Aronis' backup and recovery systems, like this 2011 Home Edition, is of the type that relies on installing a software program that is assigned specific tasks and, if you want to back up more than word documents and other small files (for which a simple CD or DVD backup disc will generally suffice) you will need to either select to have the backup sent to a different hard drive on your own computer - Silly at inception as if your machine fries, the whole shebang is apt to get fried in one fell swoop, or pay a monthly fee for `online' storage space. All software backup and restore systems involve these basic choices.The other genre of backup and restore security is achieved by simply copying a mirror image (a precise replica of everything, including the programs and Operating System itself) onto another, external, hard drive so if you need anything or everything, you have it there to simply reinstall on a cleaned or new internal hard drive. I have tried both and find the second far more satisfactory.Given that personal preference, I tried this new software from Acronis with an open mind. It was, simply, a nightmare that I wound up uninstalling after only two days before the program itself, wreaked irreparable havoc on my computers. Spend your money and manage your system backup and restore needs more reliably and FAR more simply by avoiding this Acronis product.Specifically, I should have been warned when I saw that the program's User Manual is 222 pages long. Of course, it is not included in the retail package and must be downloaded. I printed it to be sure I could easily find and reference things. The detail in it is, frankly, overwhelming and seems not to have been written for human consumption. Not having hours to spend preparing to simply install the program and try out its basic applications, I followed, instead (as I believe most home users would) the enclosed four page "Quick Start Guide."Suffice it to say that the interface looks simple at first but is anything but. It is also exceedingly slow. In fact, in following the precise directions provided, both computers began to glitch almost immediately. The screeens flashed uncontrollably and all my controls were instantly neutralized. I had to manually shut both machines down to prevent the Acronis program from destroying that which it claims to be designed to protect.The settings are multiple and exceedingly complex to understand and use. I am not a computer technician but neither am I a technical novice. I consider my own computer skills to fall squarely into what is generally regarded as the `intermediate' level of proficiency. I found Acronis' True Image Home 2011 PC Backup and Recovery to be a massive waste of my time, jeopardizing two computers just by virtue of its very installation.With the software available for between $35 and $40, and if you take the Acronis claims to be literally true and reliable, it sounds reasonable.  However, if you want, as I do, not simple data backup, but a copy of my entire hard drive, you would need to either purchase a separate external hard drive to back things up to or pay Acronis a monthly fee for online backup space.Most external hard drives include software which allows for setting automatic backups that are updated as new data is added so the Acronis software, in that instance, becomes irrelevant.  If you opt to pay for online storage space, the first year cost is about $60.  Added to the cost of the software itself, you are $100. into it for the first year and the online storage fee will be recurring annually. It almost would be worth it IF it worked as advertised. It does not. Many of the features look good but do not respond to required user input.  There are far too many of these to detail in specific here. Ample reviews are available elsewhere which can detail all of the things that are not right about this software.Of course, like most brands, Acronis does have its fans, but they are far fewer in number, according to published professional and user reviews, than are the criticisms and frustrations encountered in trying to use this functionally useless program. Those who like it appear to be a population of users who have trained themselves to adapt to the dysfunctional idiosyncrasies of this software.For $100. or less, an external USB hard drive holding between 250 and 500 GB of data can be purchased. That's more than enough to create a perfect image backup of everything for my laptop. I already use a 1TB external hard drive to back up by desktop. If I could find ANY advantage at all to using Acronis' True Image Home 2011 PC Backup and Recovery Program, I would, I think have discovered it and tell you.As a computer user, it is always important to know what you need before buying things randomly based solely on advertising.  If what you require is what we call a "clone" (a perfect and complete copy of your hard drive), you are much better served by buying an external USB hard drive and programming it with the software any decent one will come with, to back up a complete copy of your hard drive(s) and to update any changes to them on a regular and frequent bases. That way, should catastrophe strike (as it does from time to time to most people who use and rely on personal computers over an extended period of time) everything is in the vault, ready to reinstall on a new hard drive or into a completely new computer.Assess your need, and then spend what is necessary to meet it wisely.  There is no wisdom, that I could discern, in procuring or trying to use Acronis' True Image Home 2011 PC Backup and Recovery program.Leave it in the shelf and try heading over to the external USB hard drive aisle (or webpage) where you are more apt to find something far more simple and reliable to provide the backup and restore capacity most computer users need. I do not generally review products that I think are without merit, but this one is SO bad, I felt an honest review of my personal experience with it might be a useful service.
Yes, for the low, low price of about $30 you too can have access to a 30 day TRIAL PERIOD of a whopping 2GB of online storage to back up and keep your computer safe.  OK, well, maybe not your computer, but would you believe a couple of music files and a picture or two?!?  This might have been great ten years ago, but it isn't even sufficient as a backup for my Palm Pre, let alone a computer!  When I can keep all of my important documents synced with Microsoft Office Live (Skydrive) for FREE with a 25GB limit, why should I pay $30 for a TRIAL of 2GB?!?I suppose, if you have a backup solution (zip drive, tape drive, server, you know the stuff that regular consumers have lying around in abundance) then this is the program for you.  If not, don't bother!
This is a probably the most buggy program I have seen. First the installation screen freezes, but if you run Setup from the Acronis folder from the CD, it starts the installation program. Then it asks you to download the latest version, the programs says it is downloading but the screen is frozen. You press Ctrl-Alt-Del to get out of that download screen and start installation again and click on install from CD instead of downloading the latest version from the web. But it won't accept the serial number. The serial number is 64 digits for Acronis Home Image 11. Neither the program nor their web site accepted the serial number (see screenshots).Technical support is non existent. Phone support apparently is only if you pay for technical support. The "Chat Now" function on web site does not work. On their web site, they claim to provide email support, but I am still waiting for a reply after 7 weeks!Don't waste your money or time on this program, use Windows 7 built in backup program to create an image of your system instead.
I was excited to try out this software.  I have a Windows Vista ultimate, 32-bit PC.  I was unable to install this software.  I put in the disc.  It would spin.  The install menu came up.  I clicked "Install".  Then the install menu just stayed there on the screen and my hard disc would light up like crazy.  I assumed it was doing something.  But, didn't really tell me "Please Wait" or provide any progress bar to at least indicate that it was doing something.  I figured if it has issues installing, I can't trust it if it installed.  So, my experience was a negative one. I can't recommend it to others based on my experience.
Well, here is a "security" package I hadn't tried before. Saw the Maximum Security version and decided to give it a try.First of all, the installation process is literally barebones. You can't even change the installation directory, let alone choosing to install only the components you need. I suppose one redeeming feature of the setup process is that it gives you the option to install the package as trial without having to input your key right away.The software itself is just as barebones as the setup process. Sure you have an antimalware scanner, a firewall, etc, but they cannot be fully customized. When malware is detected, for example, you are never given a choice on what to do. The software automatically deletes/quarantines the file. This can be problematic if you are working with a known false positive.Other reviews on the internet mention Trend Micro as the virus scanner with the lowest detection rates, which doesn't exactly entice confidence. But I can't test that aspect, and it's not the reason I gave it one star.The lack of full user options is the real deal breaker here. I understand that they are targeting inexperienced computer users with this program, but why can't they have multiple interfaces like BitDefender (one for beginners and one for advanced users)? How about Avira which uses a checkbox to switch between expert view and simple view in options? Even McAfee which I consider to be one of the worst security packages out there has more options.
I'm not all that impressed with this suite.  The feature-set and overall system security is pretty weak compared to ZoneAlarm, BitDefender and  Norton.  And this one will set you back a few more bucks too.Trend definitely has a reputation for excellent antivirus, its the rest I'm not so sure about.  On the plus side, it does seem to go easy on system resources.  But I don't have a lot of confidence in its malware and firewall capabilities.  It's just a little too invisible and I don't have confidence that I'm fully protected.I set this up on my 2nd computer and purposely left a couple malware files intact that my other security suite had identified.  Unfortunately, Trend didn't even detect them.  Just to be sure, I reinstalled my old security suite -- and voila -- the malware was detected and quarantined once again.  Every security suite has its weaknesses, but the whole thing just left me a bit underwhelmed.  And at the end of the day, perception is part of the experience -- if I don't feel protected, then I don't have confidence in the product I'm using.Trend's interface is clean and easy to decipher though.  And the parental controls are quick and easy to use.  The free online backup stuff never impresses me though, no matter who's offering it.  To me, it's just one of those useless throw-away perks that gets tossed in to round out a weak feature-set but has no real practical use or value; at least not for me.Bottom Line -- this security suite is just ok.  If it were cheaper, I might be a bit more enthusiastic.  But the overall sense of protection is still lacking for my taste.
I have used Trend Micro anti-virus products in the past and they do a very good job of detection, so thought I would give this package a try.  What a disaster!The first two attempts at installing required me to remove an anti-virus program and an anti-malware program.  Fine, but couldn't they have detected both at once, instead of making me reboot twice to get the others uninstalled?  Finally the install started running and then crashed with a blue screen error:  NO MORE IRP STACK LOCATIONS.  Rebooting the computer did not help; same error and Windows would no longer load.  Steps provided by technical support did not help.  I finally had to use "Last Known Good Configuration" to get things running again.  In researching the problem I did find that that error can occur if you have 3 anti-virus programs installed at once.  I only had one other that I know of (Vipre) and Trend Micro does not detect it.  It could be a conflict between the two programs, but who knows?  Also bad memory can cause the same problem, but a memory test did not reveal any issues with my computer.  Given the fact that I couldn't get into Windows at all from a while, I don't think I want to try this program again.  It's not quite ready for prime time in my opinion.  Might be okay on a new computer with no other protection, but the lack of a firewall makes less useful than other products that include a firewall too.  Am disappointed, as I had great hopes for this program.
I am not going to go into great detail about this product.  It is garbage.  I got it a while ago, and tested it, and due to that test, I actually had to re-install my operating system just to get it off my hard drive (I took the opportunity to upgrade some things while doing so, so it wasn't a total waste of time).In short, the software is garbage.  If you want computer security software, download MalwareBytes, or AVG, or PC Tools Threatfire.  All of those are free, and work just fine.This piece of garbage, which you have to pay for, not only doesn't work, but it crashed twice while I was installing it, and the installation takes FOREVER! (well over 20 minutes -- which is worse than MS Office)  It refuses to install unless you uninstall all competing products.  The forced restart after it uninstalls the competing products hung, and I eventually had to hard-power-off the system.  Then the install hung at 27% on the task named, "copying files and preparing framework" -- which eventually crashed the computer again, and I had to do another hard restart.  And, it REFUSED to uninstall.  It kept claiming I needed to be an administrator (which I was), and then quitting-- see uploaded screen shots.  There is only one account on the machine it was tested on (a 3.2GHz, dual core processor, with 2GB of RAM, running Windows XP SP3) and that is the administrator account.I have uploaded screen shots of all of its bad behavior and questionable license agreement (check out clauses 19 & 20, which give them a right to come and audit your use of their software -- creepy), and also a picture of my screen after the system blue-screen crashed and died when I was trying to install it.Needless to say, I didn't get around to much testing in the way of detecting viruses, etc.  Most virus scanning software is generally useless for zero-day threats, and for everything else, pretty much ALL of the virus scanning products work to catch.  So, one is as good as the other.1 star.  I would give it zero stars, but I am not allowed.[Curriculum Vitae: Bachelor of Science, Computer Science with a Minor in Security and Forensics. 12 years professional field work in computer programming, and dealing with all aspects of computer security]
Trend Micro Titanium was a bit of a surprise to me. One of my needs in an antivirus scan is to be able to scan multiple drives, internal and external. I do not know if this is a problem for Trend, but this time, my usual evaluation procedure produced some rather unusual results- such as trashing the OS disk and necessitating a reinstall.At first all seemed well, the install went fine- even though it kicked off all other antivirus software, including Spybot-S&D;, which is not one of the usual ones to go when installing another product.As one begins to uninstall Spybot, it puts up a survey asking why you are uninstalling it. On the drop-down list of reasons is, "was informed of an incompatibility with Spybot S&D;" (and all the other majors.) Instead of ignoring this as usual, my curiosity made me proceed. Spybot then delivers this cheeky little message:"We were not able to reproduce the alleged incompatibility, and Trend Micro is not able to produce an explanation either.We therefore have to assume its request to uninstall Spybot-S&D; is just unfair competition.""The Anti-Spyware Coalition defines software that uninstalls other security software as possible malware. Do you really want totrust software that reduces your system's security to improve their shareholder value?""You can re-install Spybot-S&D; after installing Trend Micro should you tolerate their patronizing and want to continue uninstallingSpybot-S&D;"LOL.In any case, when all the hoops of the install were completed, and after much digging, I found the setting for scanning other drives. I knew my OS drive was clean, so I set it for the first data drive exclusively. The scan began in a normal manner, a progress bar, items being scanned.. and then it disappeared. Not minimized, just.. went away. I tried to restart it to see what was happening, but it instead asked me to restart the computer. After having done so, a second attempt forced a hands-off shutdown, and a ScanDisk upon reboot.This time I tried not just a custom scan but one that also included the C drive. After starting the new scan, after several minutes the progress bar vanished. When I try to start a new scan, it says I can't do that until the current process is finished. So, there is no indication that a scan is running, let alone how long it will take to finish. Mousing over the tray icon merely says "protected".So: one more try. This time the scan took and off it went- but not without displaying numerous "delayed write failure" notices. Looked like it may have been deleting or corrupting some system files; good thing this was only a testing machine. Once again, it crashed and then rebooted again. As expected, it trashed the OS. I gave up.I don't know if this is a buggy copy or something peculiar to my computer. But despite originally thinking this would be an OK product for the average home user, now that I can't get it to even run correctly, not to mention destroying my Windows installation. To be fair, I will try to install it again and see what happens- before calling Customer Service..
I was sooooo excited about getting this software.  I used dicatation software years ago and knew it had to have gotten better over the years since I stopped using it.  Let me tell you about the machine I have this software on:HP Pavilion Entertainment Laptop, 2 years old; Running Windows 7; Intel Core 2 Duo CPU T5450, 1.67GH, 2GB RAM, 32 BIT OS, 39 GB free on the C drive with more free on the D drive.Yes, it could be faster with more oomph but it meets the minimums for the software.  Here's the horror story:I tried installing it.  I got the blue screen of death.  I will confess that my laptop has done this a few times here and there so I didn't automatically growl at NaturallySpeaking when it did this.  I probably need to do a reformat and reinstall but, OK, we all avoid that mess, don't we?Got it to install and began a user profile.  Got another blue screen of death.  Now, one was OK.  A second one gets a little irritating.Restart, open and try to find my profile.  Not there.  OK.  I add my name and re-create it.  I can't.  It says it already exists.  I go back and forth looking for it and can't find it.  I gave up and added my middle initial and began again.  I got a little bit further with the profile before I get another blue screen of death.  This is at least my third and maybe even my fourth.  (I think I may have had to try to install it more than once.  It's Thursday and I'm tired.  Sorry.)By this time I've decided it's not meant to be.  Maybe it doesn't really like Windows 7.  Maybe 1.67 isn't fast enough even though it should be.  My next step will be to install it on a much less powerful netbook with less programs and with XP installed.  I doubt it works because I consider netbooks to be the very young siblings in the family chain of computers.Back in the box it goes.  I'm sad.  I'm disappointed.  Fortunately I didn't pay for it.  Now if only I could get my hands on a baby carrier in the next Vine Newsletter.
I've reviewed this software and found that it has no significant problems.McAfee AntiVirus Plus installs on my Windows 7 32-bit laptop so far with no problems. It doesn't seem to slow down the computer by occupying resources as older versions used to, so that's nice.It installed its own little toolbar in Internet Explorer, which I'm not too happy about - not so much because it's there, but because the software isn't consistent enough to appear in my installed versions of Safari and Google Chrome as well. I ran the tool on completely W3C compliant, secure and unobtrusive websites which I've created only to have it report "We tested this site and didn't find any significant problems," insinuating that there are some sort of problems, just not significant, as opposed to a big-name site, such as my MSN home page (containing links to things I have reservations about) which reports "We've tested this site and found it safe to use."As to its effectiveness, I can only have faith. I don't visit obscure sites where viruses typically reside nor do I open mystery emails due to an uncontrollable curiosity. McAfee reports that my computer is safe and secure, as every other virus scanner has reported to me in the past fifteen years. I'll have to assume it works.It makes the little "x" go away on my Action Center pennant. This is the only thing I ever get out of Virus software. With its questionable website rating methods, I can only recommend this to others who want that little "x" to go away.UPDATE: BAM! Dropped down to one star - it's throwing pop-up ads while I'm trying to work.
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bWell, I found AVG software to load quickly and was fairly easy to tweek to my liking.  The protection is there, but at the cost of a slow running computer.  I left it on my computer for a week and then reloaded my Kaspersky Pure, it found a couple malware items that AVG did not.  So, I think I will stick with Kaspersky Pure, which covers all of my bases and more.
I recently installed this on my ASUS eee Netbook and days later the entire computer crashed. I don't know if Kapersky Anti-Virus had anything to do with it, but if there was a bug, it didn't catch it. I will not being using Kapersky products in the future.
...and back up your system before you install.I've had a PC since 1986, and anti-virus software since Norton AV v.1, so I know what I am doing.I recently installed BitDefender Internet Security 2011, but found it slowed down my system, especially internet activity, to a point it was almost unusable, so I uninstalled it. I reinstalled BDIS 2010 and looked for another AV program. After reading some good reviews of KIS 2011 I went to Kaspersky's Web site and downloaded the 30-day trial version of Kaspersky Internet Security 2011.Before I installed it I uninstalled BDIS 2010, deleted the folders, and purged the registry. The install went smoothly, and it updated itself. Once running, it seemed to run well. I perused the settings but didn't change anything.Then I started Firefox. I discovered KIS turned off all my themes and extensions, and wouldn't let me reactivate them. I also run a Task Manager all the time. Almost no running tasks showed up in the Task List. I decided this was unacceptable and I uninstalled KIS 2011.Even after I uninstalled KIS 2011 and rebooted, the changes it made remained. I still could not run Firefox's themes or extensions, and running tasks were still missing from Task Manager.I ended up restoring my Acronis image in order to regain control of my computer.I realize it KIS 2011 works well for some people, but not for me. I'm glad I didn't pay sixty bucks for this.
Other reviewers have covered this pretty well, but I'll add my one-star review to the mix. I am glad I got this software through Amazon Vine to review (and didn't pay for it) because it's shocking that a company would use a DRM so draconian as to cause such obvious problems to paying customers. If you thought Microsoft activation was a pain, meet Nuance! Their activation is tied so completely to your hardware, that simple changes like upgrading your hard drive or memory, or even attaching an external hard drive, (as I regularly do to backup my system) will consume an activation (sometimes more than one, when you remove the drive after finishing) and eventually cause you to be locked out of the software. Trying to deal with their tech support to fix the problem is absurdly frustrating. Removing and reinstalling the software to try and avoid the activation issues may or more not work and is certainly an incredible pain to have to deal with. With a horrible DRM like this, they ought to have a toll free number just for fixing activation problems. I won't even talk about the software capabilities (which are pretty decent...such a shame). Quite simply, don't buy this. Even if you never make a hardware change, companies that treat paying customers like this DON'T deserve sales. It's the only way to get them to see the light, and use a licensing scheme that makes sense. There are still other decent PDF products out there you can get (I've not used it yet but the PDF XChange line of products looks pretty good).
UPDATE #4 (most recent issues at the top):  Major frustrations as I use it more:> I have run into several ppt presentations that open fine in ppt Mac 2008, but bomb when I try to open in 2011.  Getting closer to switching back to 2008...> Excel and Powerpoint do not maintain formatting between Windows and Mac versions.  Was better in Mac Office 2008.> Mysterious file save errors in Excel.  Just a message that says "File not Saved" when you  try save.  Renaming doesn't help, saving to a different disk doesn't help.  Basically Microsoft giving you the finger.> Graphics (even simple ones) sporadically show up s a red "x" saying I don't have enough memory to display it.  If I go to presentation mode, it sometimes resolves, but I never know which graphics may suddenly decide not to display.  Also prints with these x's, so be careful.> Ribbon context is sometime confusing.  Harder to customize the toolbar.> Does not import from previous versions well at all.  Messed up fonts, displaced graphics and other headaches.> I'm becoming less and less sure that this was a good upgrade.
The worst:If you don't do a custom setup, you miss:"Update OptionsTo minimize network traffic, BitDefender lets you share the latest antivirus signatures and other BitDefender files with other BitDefender users. Please confirm the options for this feature.-Yes I want to share the BitDefender files with other BitDefender users (recommended).-No, I don't want to share BitDefender files with other users."What in the world? To minimise who's network traffic? Not yours! To minimise Bitdefender's network traffice, Bitdefender will use yours! And you don't even seem to have the option of saying no in a automatic install!!!! Even after that, can I really trust getting updates from other people and not bitdefender? And what if you're on a fixed bandwith or low bandwith connection? There's no info with how much uploading to other Bitdefender users you'll be doing.. I certainly chose no, but what about people who don't know any better?Pros:1. Seems to protect me well.2. Installed easily.Cons:1. If you turn game mode on, it's still on even after reboot. There's no option to turn game mode on for a period of time either. (you're protected less in game mode but your games could run better). Game mode even in it's name is a temporary change (you turn it on when you're playing games). A temporary mode shouldn't be a permanent change. It does start warning you that game mode is still on after about 3 days of it constantly being on, but even on that notice there is no option to turn it off!2. By default, it was not set to scan my computer, but it was set to bug me that my system had not been scanned.3. Full scans are slow and the timer is not accurate. It said there would be less than a minute left for 50 minutes and a full scan took over an hour. Yes, this is my i7 machine with 6GB of ram and that was all I had running.4. It seems to slow the internet. The pages and downloads are fast once they start, but there seems to be lag before things start downloading. It seems worse when running a system scan at the same time.5. Calls cookies "threats" that it "takes care of". Yes, cookies are sometimes a privacy concern. But calling them "threats" is grandstanding.6. To get phone support, you have to first sign up for an online account. I'm not even sure if they have an 800 number support since the sales number in the manual is not a toll free number.7. I can't use ftp from windows explorer with the bitdefender firewall on and I can't figure out how to make ftping work without turning off the bitdefender firewall.I try a lot of antivirus programs every year, and since I'm a computer tech I suggest antivirus programs to others. Bitdefender is on my "do not suggest" list starting with the 2011 version mainly because of the P2P sharing. But overall, it doesn't seem to be an improvement over the 2010 version.
I was excited to try the well-reviewed BitDefender Security suite as my prior security software was nearing expiration. Unfortunately, following installation, I experienced BSOD, and inability to boot the system. Trying to remove it through a safe mode boot was unsuccessful, so I used the BitDefender removal tool from their site. Once removed, I was up and running again. Windows XP service pack 3, Dell XPS 720 with core 2 processor. I am sure it works fine for some but be prepared if you have an experience like mine! All in all, I lost a few hours of my life dealing with this. No big deal, but I hope this experience is not widespread!
I have owned the previous version of BitDefender Internet security software, and had found it to be a pretty decent program. When I first installed this year's version everything seemed to be just as good if not better than with the previous version - smooth and painless installation, snazzy user interface, small footprint on my hard drive, quiet low-key operation in the background. However, not long ago after I installed BitDefender my computer started acting funny. My programs took forever to run, I couldn't get online, and my computer was acting extremely sluggishly. I thought that maybe I had been infected with a virus, so I tried running the virus detection in BitDefender. To my great surprise, the virus scan wouldn't run and I was being urged to go to the company website. Since I couldn't get online to begin with, this seemed like a completely useless suggestion. When I discovered that other users of this software were having the same problems that I was having it finally dawned on me that BitDefender itself was to blame. First I tried directly removing it through the control panel, but not surprisingly this didn't work. Then I disabled BitDefender and prevented it from starting up at boot time, and this finally did the trick. I was able to reclaim my computer.It is truly astounding that a major software developer would create such a harmful and dysfunctional product. I really have no idea what had gone wrong with this year's edition, but I am afraid this experience has forever soured my attitude towards BitDefender. I think I'll stick with some more familiar names from now on.
I didn't have an antivirus installed on my computer for a very long time as I don't download "iffy" things or go to "iffy" websites.  And hence, never had any issues.  I installed this to give it a try.  There was something very interesting about this product compared to all the other ones I ever had: it has a pre-install scan to verify that my disk was clean.  That was perfect, I thought, a really good idea on the company's part.  Anyway, after about an hour scanning my computer before actual install, it said that it had found one object of interest (with no specificatino at all as to what it was or the ability to check out what it was).  The menu said I must reboot my computer for the item to be deleted (it had already been quarantined by the program).  I thought...better make sure to backup all my files before I reboot!Well, long story short, I backed everything up, and thank God!  Because as soon as I rebooted, as per the programs instructions, my computer never even showed the Windows boot-up screen.  It was gone, wasted, everything was just destroyed.  Whether the suspicious file and/or the porgam did this, I don't really care as the program didn't do it's job properly.  Had to spend an entire day fixing my computer myself.  Inferior program, avoid.
Would not download or even open on my computer. As far as I can tell the installation disc is blank.
Please, do not waste your money on this product! I was a former "Vipre" anti-virus user who's subscription expired when I decided to give BitDefender a try. BIG MISTAKE!!!When I went to install BitDefender onto my brand new i7 desktop computer, I could barely get it to install correctly. When I finally did get it installed, it proceeded to scan everything on my computer after I "told" the program to only scan one external flash drive (I wanted to test how much CPU it used.) To my surprise, it almost maxed out my new quad core i7 CPU and made my entire computer very slow/laggy and near inoperable while in the process of a scan. I promptly proceed to uninstall the program, which a task in it's own right, and threw the software into the trash. I can't believe that someone has the guts to market and sell this as "anti-virus" software. It's the worst piece of software that I've ever tried to use...I bit taken back by my experience, partly because of all the 5 star reviews that this product received. My experience was in no way near 5 stars worthy... I would give this product a review of zero stars, if this was possible. Please, do not waste your money on this product! Try something like Vipre instead. That's what I'm going to be using from here on out.
We installed this on a computer that exceeded the minimum requirements for the software:Minimal System Requirements:Operating system: Microsoft Windows XP SP3 (SP2 for x64), Vista (SP1), Microsoft Windows 7Available free hard disk space: 1 GB free spaceCPU: 800MHz processorMemory (RAM): 512 MB (Microsoft Windows XP); 1 GB (Microsoft Windows Vista and Microsoft Windows 7)The computer froze up and stayed that way, we could not uninstall the program in safe mode and could not boot the computer up in regular modeTheir help phone number was not user friendly, we got a rather snobby person that informed us that the minimum requirements were not enough, and when asked to talk us through the uninstall was rather abrupt and curt and refused to stay on the phone until the problem was resolvedI do not recommend this product
I couldn't uninstall this vapid piece of bloatware fast enough. My machine slowed down to a crawl and It took forever to even begin to get control of it again.I was mystified at waiting for over 12 minutes for my computer to finish booting up and just let me get to MSCONFIG and do something about it. I've never seen such an egregious hog of resources from any piece of software ever. Even that old NASA/SETI shareware program -- when you gave it full control of your computer -- still didn't bog down your machine like this thing did.I was beginning to wonder just what Bitdefender was doing with my machine until I realized that it was scanning all my harddrives on  the entire network -- even after I set the defaults to only see the main C drive on which it was installed. Lord knows what it was doing with my internet as I'd never seen the activity lights go to 'full on' before either.There is definitely something wrong in Denmark with this software and this company. If the world bank got hacked and they used my internet as a server point, I wouldn't be surprised. These people need a good tongue lashing.I never thought I'd say this ... but if I had to go with this or Microsoft Security Essentials -- Microsoft would win everytime.Avoid at all costs. Zero stars....
It's a strange world. Despite being what most lay-people would think is the also-ran to Adobe products, Corel has apparently decided that doing the right thing by customers is simply not important.I'm speaking, of course, about the Protexis Licensing service that they install, without user knowledge, that runs as a service in the background. This is the service they use to prevent piracy, and without it you cannot run the program. Further, as others have pointed out, the user agreement is draconian.It's too bad - the software is a nice alternative to Photoshop Elements, and if they were a more customer-centric company I think they'd win converts.As it stands though, with the EULA and spyware they install, this is unusable to me. As an aside, I did try to use X4 when it came out, and was unable to get it to install on ANY of the three machines at my house.Corel: if you want customers, deal with the poor coding, the invasive EULA, the horrible Protexis module, and start acting like you care about people that buy your products. Until then, I don't see you getting out of the one-star basement.
For the past ten years or so I've predominantly been using Photoshop for all of my photo editing needs. However, since for the most of these years I've been fortunate enough to have access to this advanced photo and image manipulation software more or less for free though either my school or work, I never had to give its price a lot of consideration. Photoshop is expansive, and even though in my opinion the high quality and power of this product justifies its price, it also means that it is beyond the reach of most armature photographers.There are many inexpensive and free alternatives to Photoshop. When I got a trial version of PaintShop I was hoping to be able to evaluate it and compare it to the other software packages that I had used. However, after seeing the complaints about its EULA, and reading the details of it myself, I decided not to install it on my computer. I am usually not the kind of person who frets too much over privacy, and am willing to make the tradeoffs between giving some of my personal and usage information for the sake of bettering the product, but PaintShop EULA verges on scammy and phishy. This is unfortunate, and it will certainly not inspire confidence in Coral and its products. This was once a very respectable software company, and its regrettable that they have been reduced to using all sorts of underhanded tricks and tactics in order to increase their profitability. I sincerely hope that this was an exception, and that they'll be able to come up with much more transparent EULA in the future. In the meanwhile, two lower end photo-editing programs that I'd recommend are Photshop Elements and GIMP. The latter one of these is free, and over the years it has become a very sophisticated and capable alternative to the commercial programs.
Wow.  Read the other reviews, and the end user agreement.  Unfortunately the company appears to have marketed this affordable version of their product in order to use it as spyware.  I'm really sad about this, had been so excited to use this.Terrible, terrible treatment of the customer.  What were they thinking???  Among many ludicrous terms of use:-UNBELIEVABLE:  you are required to allow the company "accessing, utilizing and altering the existing functionality, including any default settings, of the computer system on which you Use the Product."I simply cannot believe this. To use the product you have to give the company control over your computer????????  Insanity!Other ludicrous terms:-"may modify or discontinue or suspend your ability to Use any version of the Product, and/or disable any Product you may already have accessed or installed without any notice to you"-"collecting, transmitting, using and sharing with Corel's third party marketing partners"-"data relating to you and your Use of the Product for advertising, marketing, operational and other purposes"-"receiving in-Product messages from Corel and its third party marketing partners"
Not really much I can say about this other than on a Windows 7 64-bit machine it did not work at all.
I started out with the hopes this program would be useful and fun. However, after loading it, unloading it four times and then reloading it again, I have given up. I am running XP Home with SP3 and it just won't work on my system. Perhaps it could be defective, or maybe it conflicts with one or more of my current programs. I just don't know. Although not an expert, I consider myself very computer literate, but this program just won't work for me on my system. I refuse to format my drives and reload everything trying to get this Creator to work.
I have been using Roxio for years, but I have to say this particular version is the worst.  It just will not work with my new Windows 7 Machine and I have a spouse who is a PC guru. It loaded on my old Vista machine ok, however, but I really don't have enough RAM to run it and this program is a RAM hog! One of the things that it touts in the literature is "Hollywood-quality editing." Don't you believe it for an instant!  I do film editing on both Windows and Mac and I can say if you want something to help you edit, get Sony's Vegas HD Platinum instead.  If you must have Roxio, go with last year's version. This one is not worth the frustration.
Roxio Creator 2011 has been getting a lot of bad reviews, and a few great ones.  It's a nice software package IF it wants to work, and the key word is IF.Be very wary of buying this, the 2012 version is a lot more stable and recommended.* NOT RECOMMENDED
I am a big fan of Nero. For years, I have used it to create mini-lessons for my media/film-studies classes. It is a solid, dependable product at a decent price. Nonetheless, when the newest Roxio was released, I wanted to give it a try. I used Roxio many, many years ago and had a positive experience. Nonetheless, after an infuriating day of striving to make this product work properly, I have to adamantly assert that Roxio simply cannot compete with Nero. At all.Like other reviewers, I found that:-the first attempt at installation did not work. Now, I was willing to suspend my doubts/fears about this software and try again. (An action I would soon regret.)-is not compatible with Windows 7. (After it did install, I began receiving a variety of bizarre error messages ... this has NEVER happened to my computer before!) (Their website now addresses compatibility issues for 7 and Snow Leopard).I don't have to tell you that the failed installation and countless error messages resulted in me hardly even being able to explore the product itself (I wanted to, but it just was not going to happen. And, I genuinely worried about what this poorly tested product was doing to my computer. I literally unplugged my external hard-drive ... because my entire scholarly career is on it and I had a nasty feeling that this product could crash my entire system!)After I uninstalled it, I had a sneaky suspicion that it wasn't completely "gone." So, out of some weird paranoia, I went to CNET and looked up the most recommended "uninstaller" -- that would be REVO. After I used REVO, everything was back to normal. Bizarre messages gone, Nero happily helping me with my projects. It was like waking-up from a nightmare and finding a bright, sunny day.I guess that bottom line for me is that new software should be exciting, not insanely frustrating/concern inducing. And, most assuredly, when I pay for software, I do not expect to have the same level of paranoia as when I download it at some "random" site. The problem here clearly resides with not beta-testing this product extensively. Roxio is going to have to enter damage-control mode here -- or there will not be a Roxio 2012.I will join the choir here and loudly sing: "Avoid, avoid, avoid." BuyNero 10 Multimedia Suite Platinum HD-- it is awesome!
I started using Roxio years ago and was always pleased with the performance so when this came up, I jumped at the opportunity to try it out. I was especially interested in the photo tools so opted to give those a whirl.Installation seemed simple enough except I was surprised to see "updates" going back as far as 2009...each that had to be loaded individually, shut down the computer, reboot and then go to the next one. Wow - that was inconvenient but hey, part of the process.Next, I notice a big screen advertising for the 2011 upgrade. Odd I thought because the disc and box all show Roxio Creator 2011...and even came with a cute little pair of 3D glasses. Low and behold, NO 3-d. In fact, I go to the online tutorial to see if I'm missing something major and the screen shot of the tutorial looks entirely different. Still, at the bottom of the screen it shows a logo with "roxio 2011".Off to support - what support? Yeah, exactly. If you have oodles of time and don't mind playing games, maybe - just maybe you can navigate your way to actually obtain what this is supposed to deliver.In the meantime, I figure I"ll fiddle around with some of the other features only to see the photographs will only load from the actual camera - absolutely zero way to populate the program with the photos on my hard drive...it simply won't take them whatsoever. Meanwhile, it also fails to recognize my photo file formats and gives an error message for jpeg (seriously!). At which point it hangs and stops responding entirely necessitating a reboot.It went downhill from there. Need I say more? Product is a JOKE and utter waste of time.
I started with a simple task as my first test of this new software. I wanted to see if Roxio Creator 2001 could make a mix of overlapping clips from my iTunes library, allowing me to make my own simple mash-ups, overlaps, and crossfades.  The mechanics were easy, the system quickly converted the iTunes files to MP3 format, and I made a simple 7 song mix in about 90 minutes.  Not a bad start. Then I wanted to return my mix back to iTunes.  Here is where Roxio failed completely. It would let me save the mix in many different formats, and anywhere I wanted, but no matter where I saved it (seperate file, iTunes Library) or what format I saved it in (MP3, iTunes)the mix would not actually import/save or in any way be played on either the iTunes program directly or the iPod.  I tried direct saving, importing, exporting, making a file and trying to import from iTunes, even old fashioned drag and drop. No way, no how.  iTunes does not recognize the files created by Roxio regardless of format. Since there are no tutorials or support materials on the operation of the Roxio software, I eventually just gave up in disgust.I did not reach further into the Roxio software. If it can't meet one of the simple functions of the program, allowing a mix to be played on iTunes, how can I expect it to be able to do much else?  This lack of basic execution makes the producted overpriced.  You can mix from any source, and burn CDs (wow, we use those so much these days), but you cannot make your mixed audio tracks export to iTunes or iPod  -- a claim is says you can do.  First test was a pass/fail, Roxio failed.
First of all this software is a resource hog!  I would safely say if you want this to work you better have a computer with 8+ gigs of ram and a processor built within the last year to run this software.The software claims to do a ton of stuff,  good luck figuring out how to use it, there is no instruction manual and the online/in program help is practically useless.  So a lot of trial and error to figure things out....which wouldn't be bad....if...The software interface was not so poorly designed.  Everything is slow to load.  You have windows on top of windows.The software automatically installs startup programs that you have to hunt down to disable.  Otherwise Roxio is running programs in the background all the time....slowing down the computer.About 25% of the time I try to burn a DVD the program freezes up and I am out a blank piece of media.The 3D program is a joke, don't even bother...rather read other reviewers tales about nightmares with that function.In short just stay away.  I could write a thousand words about how bad the program is but it makes my brain hurt.  If you have a specific question feel free to leave a question in the comments and I will try to answer.
Not my favorite version of this product. Installed on a Windows 7 computer and it crashed constantly. Not only did I have to uninstall this, but I had to back up to a previous version.Not recommended.
You know the old saying, "Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me."  Well, shame on me.  After my disastrous experience withRoxio Creator 2010(see my review there labeled "Frustration Creator 2010"), I figured I'd see if Roxio had made any improvements to the product in the past year.  After all, the problems I had had and reported to support were also being reported in the Roxio user forums by many, many users. Surely by now they would have fixed the install and usage problems?  No such luck.Again, Creator 2011 refused to install on my 64-bit Windows 7 system, with the install exiting after about a minute saying that the install "was interrupted".  Again I tried Roxio support.  Each time I updated the issue, I got a different support tech suggesting a different solution, most of which weren't applicable or even close to being for the reported symptom.  Finally one rep pointed me to a support article about "Preparing your system for Roxio Installs" which had one go through a laundry list of updating drivers and, finally, disabling all startup programs.  This did actually work - in that the install completed - but I was not out of the woods yet.  I have never had to go to such extremes to install any other product on this system, and that includes Roxio's competitionNero.Upon rebooting (after re-enabling the startup items) I got a prompt to install a "Service Pack 1".  Fine, but the check for updates during install didn't show anything and this service pack was dated September. After that installed and I rebooted again, I reopened the main user interface and was greeted with exactly the same sight as for the 2010 edition - a popup saying that Windows needed to configure Roxio Creator and would I please insert the Roxio DVD.  If I did this, I then got an error message that it could not shut down "COM Server wrapper for VxBlockDLL.  If you read my 2010 review, you'll note that this is exactly the same symptom as before.  VxBlockDLL, by the way, is a component of Roxio Creator.  It doesn't matter what I say to this dialog, it gives me an error that it was unable to shut down that "COM Server wrapper" and the install failed.  This happens every single time I start the Roxio main interface. Support offered several more suggestions, none of which helped.At this point, I decided I had had enough.  Last year I managed to try a number of the components, many of which failed with strange errors or died unexpectedly on me in the middle of operations.  Sorry, but I'm not going to waste my time, or yours, on this again.  Your time (and money) would be much better served by buying Nero or perhaps anyone else's "media creation suite".  You can be certain that I will not offer to review any future Roxio products.  Too bad, as I had liked them for many years - up until Sonic Solutions bought the line.
This software took three tries and several hours to get installed.  Okay... that would have been unacceptable if the software was great... but unfortunately, it isn't.  I was especially interested in converting to 3D photos... but this photo software is pretty soft.  The 3D images are basically a bad 2D with eyestrain to boot.  A huge disappointment.
Having a chance to try this in the Vine Program I was so excited to finally see how a program that is NOT freeware would work by comparison. Of all the items I have ever reviewed, THIS is the only one I am actually UNABLE to review! I have 3 computers all running Windows 7. 2 are 64 bit, my wife's is 32 bit, all Premium editions and all computers less than 1 year old. I started with my newest computer, my 64 bit laptop. As I tried to install I got endless errors, conflicts and could not get it to even install. If I had paid for this???? Well I don't want to even think about what I might be doing by now.....Tried it on the 32 bit laptop, same thing but different error messages etc. I finally used CC Cleaner (for FREE mind you) to remove all the garbage this did to both my computers. Try it on my 3rd? Yeah right....I may be retired but I have far better things to do than straighten out my computers after trying to run buggy software.And Roxio..... Ask me whatever you like, I have NO interest in attempting to use your product any further. Not even for free. I'm old, but I am not insane (though your product almost got me there!).
When I receive a review copy of a program, it's nice to be actually use the blasted thing and test it.  It's not good when I can't get it to workMy testing computer is a plain Windows 7 box.  64-bit OS (Windows Ultimate SP1) with 8GB ram, a couple of hard disks.  Nothing fancy.The first attempt to install bombed out.  I rebooted.  The second attempt came up with the message "This operating system does not meet the minimum requirements for Roxio Creator 2011 Pro.  This product will not be installed."  It then listed Xp SP2, XP SP3, Vista SP2 and all the flavors of Windows 7 as acceptable operating systems.  The third attempt came up with the same message and resulted in my writing this negative review.The Roxio support boards have numerous messages describing installation problems in a Win7 environment.  There are workarounds described.  But there shouldn't be a problem in the first place and I won't risk having an improperly tested program on my computer...I can't risk it messing up something else. (Either Roxio tested it and decided to ship with critical problems, or didn't test it throughly.  Neither situation is acceptable)My recommendation - Roxio Creator 2011 Pro looks good on paper.  I suspect it'll work fine if you're running Win7 without the Service Pack installed.  If you've already upgraded, you should buy something else.  That or wait for an Creator 2011 update.3/28/11 Update - Just for grins, I tried to install Roxio on my laptop (Win 7 Pro SP1).  It did, and, as far as I've been able to tell, runs fine.  Nothing I've been able to find has helped to install it on the original system...the one with the two DVD drives and that's hooked into my A/V system.  Even rolling back SP1 didn't work.  At least on the laptop, I should be able to do some limited testing.
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bI have tried Norton products in the past and found them to bog my computer down.  This one was no exception.  I found that this software lacks key protection features that we should not do without--such as spam protection, which you can have with an upgraded price.  So for that fact, if you are a person who likes Norton products, go with the full internet security software to cover all your bases.  As for me, I will stick with Kaspersky!
A concise review:  THIS DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 7.  Not an uncommon problem, just contact the publisher for support/upgrade, right?  WRONG.Poor customer service to me means avoid this product.  It should be something to be used for years as a personal research tool and resource, but how could you rely on the publisher to support you?
I thought this software would make it easier for a total novice to get started in genealogy.  Nope. All it did was succeed in making me frustrated.  I quit & never tried again.Too complicated & too confusing.  There has to be better software out there.
PaintShop Photo Pro X3 is good enough functionally to serve my modest needs.  It's possible to correct and enhance photos to make them better than the originals produced by a digital camera. Professionals can create works of art by using special effects. Anybody can make digital scrapbooks using this photo editing software although it's buggy and might have some spyware judging by the notifications I got when using it.I loaded this software on my PC with Windows 7 operating system. Installation took MUCH longer than expected. When I started to use this software, I soon could go no further until I had spent some time using tutorials and instructions in the program's Learning Center. For example, photos editing in the image window is done using "layers." A layer is simply a dimension of the image that can be edited without changing the rest of the photo. The list of each layer of a given photo is called the "layers palette."I've been using this book: Picture Yourself Learning Corel PaintShop Photo Pro X3 Picture Yourself Learning Corel PaintShop Photo Pro X3. This is just an ok book to help a novice get started.
I did not like this version of Paint Shop Pro at all.  Although some added features to X2, that I have used for years and been happy with, this software is buggy and counterintuitive at times.  After editing 5 or 6 pictures, and closing each one after you finish with it, the program witll stop and tell you it is out of memory!  You have to close it down and reopen it to continue editing.  The added Raw feature is somewhat helpful, but you still have to go into the full edit mode to continue with enhancing the photo to its best.  All in all, a step backwards I think!
I have to change my whole review on this. I had fun with it when I first got it, but the problem is they have tweaked it too much My friend got me this program about 10 years ago and I have used it all of these years. The newest upgrade is pure Hell.  All of a sudden all of my tools were gone and the applications were grayed out. I had not been able to use it and asked me friend to take a look..I could hear him cussing from the other room as he tried to use it..it was completely locked out.  I went online and found a whole slew of people with the same problem. Apparently it has a lot of glitches and needs many patches.  Since this is new, having to have patches already makes me leery so if you have the older version dont even upgrade until they get the bugs out
When I saw a 2GB limit, I though it was for an individual file and not total capacity.  I could live with a 2GB file size limitation but it would require me to break-up some ISO DVD images.  I got this for no cost as a Vine reviewer but I still have issues.  2GB is simply not enough storage.  I mean it's less than half of a standard single-layer DVD.  That's simply not enough bang for the buck.At first I was wondering why there was a fat client (on the enclosed DVD) as well as a web interface (in your browser).  I'm pretty sure you don't even need to install the client because the interfaces are almost identical.  In fact, there is no need for there even to be a DVD since you're basically subscribing to a service.Here's the deal: You get 1 GB FOR FREE simply by siging up (on the all too obvious website name).  Now, let's say you buy this: You go back to the same website and "Upgrade" but instead of paying, you enter the serial number.  Now you have a total of 2GB online storage.With terabyte drives in the fifty dollar range, I'm a bit confused why a potential customer would pay eighty dollars for just 1 GB for just one year.  If you want 5 stars from me than blow me away with more capacity - like say 128GB - at which point we're talking over 2 BluRay DVDs with space to spare.Now that I'm on a roll, it occurs to me that you could buy a name on GoDaddy and find a cheap ISP for the same price and you'd get a ton more online storage.  Downside is that it's a bit more technical.
The specs for this utility state that it works on Mac OS X 10.5 or better. I tried to install it on my Mac Mini and my husband's MacBook, both of which are running OS 10.5.8. It simply refused to install on either machine despite the product's listing saying "Platform: Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard, Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard". If you have a low spec machine or are running a version of 10.5, I'd say think twice before buying this as it clearly does not support the OS versions that it's information says that it does.
In installed this on 2 computers and the computers were running at about half speed. the services that were running in the back ground were incredible. it was a memory ram hog!!Internet was super slow too.. it was like others had said - like dialup.I called customer service and the person on the other end was kurt, rude, and not wanting to talk to me at all.I dislike the software, the customer support, and the product. Everything.Im beginning to doubt these types of sftware.. and think maybe they are guilded malware.
The program insists on installing a bunch of prerequisite components before it will install the main program. One of these components is the 2010 MSVC Runtime, and it says basically "The install failed, click to exit". No other information, no recourse, etc.So I dug around in the installer config and found the installation program it's trying to run, and running it manually exposes the underlying error: "You have a newer version of this installed so you can't install this version". Sigh.I spent about an hour searching through the Microsoft support database, and seeing if I could modify the installer config to bypass the check for MSVCRT, but in the end I gave up.G.
Yes, you could sit and prepare your trips like this but it's utterly boring doing it in my opinion. I like the Google maps much better and since that feature is free, I don't see the point of paying for this. It works off and on in my computer (it has some bugs), but it wouldn't install on our laptop at all and since that is what you are taking with you on a trip, it is useless for us. I would recommend a guide book and a street map over this, but I'm sure there are some that would find this of great help (the very patient ones who are willing to work with it). I was disappointed with the whole program.
First impressions count - and my first impression of Corel's Video Studio Pro X4 is definitely negative. I have a long history with this product, going back to its days as Ulead's video editor. It was flaky then, stayed flaky in the occasional upgrade I've purchased and remains flaky in this most recent version.I needed an inexpensive video editor for another computer and I am up to my license limit on the other packages I own and my earlier VideoStudio packages are not Windows 7 compatible. This is certainly cheap enough, but true to its own traditions, it is not ready for prime time.For example, I tried to open two MP4 files created with the ArcSoft video product. Corel VideoStudio Pro X4 gave me a file mismatch error. However, Apple QuickTime, Avid Studio, Adobe Premiere Pro, Cyberlink PowerDirector 10, Avif Pinnacle 14 HD and Windows Movie Maker opened the MP4 files without difficulty. I noted in Corel's support forum that there are many reported problems identical or closely similar to mine. To me, that means sloppy coding and inadequate beta-testing and quality control, the same problems that have plagued Ulead/Corel problems for years. Oddly enough, Video studio Pro X4 would open other MP4 files created with the ArcSoft product.Next, I wanted to record from a DV source. Video Studio Pro X4 recognized the source, played the audio but would not display a preview of the video. I finally got it to work, but don't ask me how. The problem occurred on numerous occasion making VideoStudio very difficult to record with.I don't know what other unpleasant surprises are in store for me with Corel Video studio Pro X4, but based on past experience, there will be no shortage of them. On the other hand, the product is cheap - in more than just price - and this particular need doesn't require much more than the minimal capabilities.Overall, my initial impressions are negative. Should further experience change my opinion, I will amend my review. My advice though is that unless you absolutely can't afford a better video editing product, avoid Corel Video Studio Pro X4.I continued working with VideoStudio for another day and my impression has now solidified: it stinks.Repeated difficulties connecting to a known good DV device. Crashes so severely that the Windows 7 computer it was hosted on required a reboot. Usability is low with basic editing commands buried deep in the manual. Single frame key shortcuts, for example, are buried in the manual instead of in tooltips.My opinion: Corel VideoStudio Pro X4 is to be avoided.Jerry
PDF Fusion is the latest product from Corel that claims to work with Microsoft Office formatted files but falls flat with any non-trivial formatting.  I tested this software with PowerPoint presentations, Word documents, and Excel spreadsheets from my office on my Dell Inspiron Duo Mini running Windows 7 and Office 2010.  PDF Fusion could not handle the formatting on bulleted lists, graphics with text labels, or multi-sheet spreadsheets.  These are not contrived examples but representative files that I would use on a daily basis.  I experienced similar issues withWordperfect Office X4 Standarda little over two years ago (see my review), and it seems that Corel has done little to remedy the issues that I identified back then.  While it can handle PDF files properly, this does not make enough of a usable product to be worth the purchase price.  It's back to the drawing board for Corel, and I would recommend that anyone needing interoperability with Microsoft Office to pass on this software.  I do not endorse Microsoft's software, but my company has made the decision (like many large companies have) to standardize on this office suite.  I'm sure that the issues have as much to do with how Microsoft has built its Office products, but it was Corel's choice to try to tackle this problem.  Unfortunately they are no closer to solving it than they were two years ago.
I had high hopes for this software.  I was looking for a solution to help manage the many different media I use.  My JVC video camera, the Nikon CoolPix difital camera with HD video, my Android smartphone, etc.I followed the directions and installed it.  Or so I thought.  When I click the icon, it tells me another version is running.  Yet, I cannot find the other version installed or running on my computer.  Total fail.
Installed on: Win7x64, Radeon HD 5850, 6GB RAM, i7-920 PCPowerDVD 9 Standardwas included with the Blu-Ray drive in my PC.  800MB of hard drive space, installed desktop gadgets, and six different programs loading at every startup screamed bloatware but it did do a decent job of playing DVD's and Blu-Rays after some tweaking so I decided to see if v.11 was any better.  It's not, by a long shot.While installing, I encountered some of the annoyances that should not be in 21st century software.  This includes a requirement that we enter a "Company Name" in addition to our own name, installation of services like "CLHNService" and "Spark Media Server" that run even when you're not using the software, and an insistence on connecting to the Internet immediately after installation.  When I allowed the program to connect it crashed.I reboot the computer, start the program a second time and it connects to the Internet to download what appears to be commercials and movie trailers.  I turn off all the "connect to Internet" options but it continues to connect anyway.  So basically you're buying a program that bombards you with movie trailers without your permission.  This is unacceptable to me.I try to play a music CD and it crashes.  Try to play a DVD and a large grey box obscured the screen so you couldn't see the movie. Did anyone at Cyberlink beta test this program?Download a 100MB patch dated 9/1/11 from Cyberlink.  The patch installed properly, but I was worried it wouldn't because it acted like a regular installation and provided no indication it recognized the previous installation.  Post-patch it still attempts to connect to the Internet every time I start the program; including accessing their "Mooovies" service that I specifically told it not to install.Here's the laughable part.  I still can't play CD's.  Why?  Because prior to installation of PowerDVD 11 I uninstalled all previous media players and codecs on my system.  I wanted to give it the ability to do a clean install so I even removed Windows Media Player.  Turns out that was a mistake because every time I try to play a CD it says it requires Windows Media Player to function properly.I tested out their photo slideshow and the picture quality looks nice but their toolbar keeps getting obscured by the Windows toolbar as they fight one another for the top of the page.  Cyberlink throws in a few gimmicky options like a sliding motion as it moves from one photo to the next.  This started to give me motion sickness so I tried turning this option off in the settings. It ignored me and continued to do it anyway.  No editing options whatsoever; I can't even delete a photo.So that's PowerDVD in a nutshell.  It boasts cool features like 3D, ATI Streaming, Tru Theater Mode and more but it can't get even basic functions to work properly.  Worst of all it takes up resources even when it's not being used and it connects to the Internet without providing a reason why or asking your permission before doing so.I uninstalled the program and it left garbage in "My Documents" and "Public Documents" and the system registry.  Plus my system started generating errors and crashing uncontrollably to the point where I had to revert to a hard drive backup.
Unfortunately, I must agree with the other reviews. The installation was nightmarish and sloppy. Additionally, I found the program to be invasive ... it consumes too many resources for the very little that it does.After a few hours of tinkering, not only did I remove the program, but then I used CCleaner out of paranoia. (Something about this program feels frightful unrefined. I wonder if this was properly beta-tested.)Yes, this product is inexpensive. However, why not invest just a little more and purchase a better program? This one will only leave you with frustration, a headache, and a lighter wallet with nothing to show for it.Mine is already in the recycle bin. And, maybe if Cyberlink didn't follow every review here with a boilerplate post (or any post at all), it wouldn't feel quite so desperate. (Hint, hint.)
I had trouble with the installation, but somehow got through it on my own. But when I went to actually use it and came across some questions, the customer support was horrible. They seemed to think that just because it installed (unlike for some other people here, it sounds like) I should be grateful and not bother them. The product itself was buggy, crashed, and generally inferior tom anything else I've tried. Save your money.
I was really excited to get this.  Unfortunately I could not use it.  It took a while to instal.  I wasn't aware of any issues during installation.  When I tried to run the software it started to load but never finished & I waited forever.  I was never able to use it.  I am running Windows XP.  It says it works with XP.  Needless to say, if I can't use it, I can't give it a good rating.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  I have had major issues with every Corel product I've tried.  I thought this would be different; that they would put a heck of a lot more effort into it considering the hefty price tag.  If I did not get this for free to review & actually paid for it, I would be furious & would be making every attempt to return it to Amazon.
Almost immediately after loading this software, I realized that if I wanted to use it to its full potential, I would be required to purchase many additional downloads that cost actually run into hundreds of additional dollars. I messed with it for about a half day, but could not get it to function properly. Not sure if the problem exists in my system, the software or even my inability and unfamiliarity of the program, but either way, I lost interest after so many hours spent and very poor results.
The process started with 4 1/2 hours to install this program.  Next came the email issue--which took hours more to set it up.  It essentially took an entire day to install and set up, occupying the computer and rendering it useless for any other tasks.My husband is STILL complaining about the damage wreaked on the laptop by this security software. For experienced users, this was way over the top in terms of its invasive nature and slowing of the computer.  It undoubtedly prevents any kind of invasion from the outside world, largely because it nearly severed the connection with the internet because of how it slowed the system down.It cataloged and re-organized his email too--deeming most of it as "spam", regardless of what his original sorting of it really was. It marked every single "safe" sender in Outlook as spam, and completely erased all of his gazillion rules managing the email. It also stopped future downloads of email into Outlook until the software was removed from the computer.  It also eliminated all RSS feeds.It completely prevented working on websites--it regarded everything as "malicious" or "suspicious."  (For the record, this was a laptop with a dual core processor running Windows 7 Ultimate x64.)All in all, it lasted a week.  It was a disaster, and two weeks later, he still rants about the havoc.  It was not easy to remove either, leaving traces of itself in many locations, resulting in a lot of "clean up" work being required, in addition to the time fixing Outlook.On the plus side, for inexperienced users who don't work on websites or manage mega-email, it's easy to use and seems to do the job it is intended to without disrupting their surfing, email, and other typical tasks.  It has to be set on moderate or minimum security level in order to work.We've used McAfee, Norton, Trend, NOD32, AVG,and BitDefender in the past, in addition to Microsoft's Security Essentials.  We have never had any security suite wreak this much havoc or be this much of a problem, on ours or anyone else's computers.  We've liked some and disliked some, but this has been ranked as the worst software decision we've ever made.  According to my husband, the only thing worse would be Windows 98 running an AOL browser.There are better products on the market than this one.
I don't recommend this and I will tell you why. According to my sons, if you are a gamer (or high end graphics user) and you don't like your computer lagging while trying to frag or work..... you should look for something else like  Avast anti-virus which is better that this (& there's even a free versions available online to boot!) .  Also  if your child is good with computers (which most kids these days are) they can easily get around the parental protection, my 12 year old showed me how!. Also it sometimes crashes your computer which is very annoying. Lastly it just isn't very good at actually stopping viruses, malware, spambots, etc. it lets many through which defeats the purpose of even buying this!!!My older son who is an IT guy had to clean all our computers & installed Avasti and told us NOT to switch! In  my opinion it is a waste of money if you plan on downloading anything, or trustingly browse the web expecting your anti-virus to stop anything that might try to attack you when you`re online, you should have seen all the stuff that got through ours! IF your computer starts running really slow & you've defragged etc.. to no avail. Check your security program; it was what was causing all of our problems here!  I do NOT recommend this anti-virus program.
UPDATE:Had to throw this item away It actually infected my computerYes that is correct If you have absolutely nothing to do during the day than you can install and run this program on not one, not two but three computers. Yes folks it is exciting and the only drawback to using Titanium Maximum Security. After too many hours sitting in front of our families computers and when the program was finally downloaded and running I must say it does an great job of removing any viruses, potential viruses and securing your computer to block any future viruses. It is priced fairly and to be able to use it on 3 computers is a nice feature. So would I recommend it? Yes I would but be prepared to wait.
Updated: Had to uninstall. This was making my computer crash, and when I took it in to a trusted friend and computer nerd he told me the "viruses" this program found and deleted was really windows 7 version of their own firewall/safety and then my computer was open to any and all bad things because I not only didnt have a real anti-virus program on there, but my 2nd backup through Microsoft was deleted. I then had to reboot with the Windows disk and System Restore.  I dont know if I got a bad set or if this entire version is just crap but buyer beware I am not a computer person, but I trust what my friend told me since he does it for a living.Before....So far so good with this. It pointed out a known spam on facebook & found 2 things on my PC the program I was using did not find in scans. I do not like how if I paid $90+ as it sells for that it would be good for only a year. I believe when you buy a program it should update for at least a couple years. I am running Windows 7 at home and if every year I had to buy the program again then I would become computer-less.This loaded very quick, was pretty self explanatory, and even uninsulated any items that would not work with it, ie another anti-virus or a malwarebytes program. My computer has slowed down a bit since installing it so I dont know if it takes longer for this program to scan websites before opening them or what but we shall see what this yr brings with this program
Having just bought a brand new, $1200 super-fast computer right before Christmas (which had a 60 day trial of Norton on it), I was offered Macafee for review. I had used Macafee YEARS ago but it was on a VERY slow computer and it completely bogged it down. So I was thrilled to get some of the features of Macafee with what I thought was a super computer that wouldn't be affected by Macafee. Boy was I wrong.  I had Norton on my computer for 60 days and didn't even notice it was there. So after the trial expired I went and installed Macafee.SLOW, SLOW, SLOW. I am finally realizing it's not the computer that is slow; it's Macafee!  It seems to be watching everything I am doing and it was making my online Facebook games stall; there was a 1 second stall before it let me see a picture in "My Pictures", you name it! I even disabled the real time scanning and it was STILL slow. I started to wonder... maybe it's not Macafee but something else I installed. So I completely uninstalled Macafee and lo and behold, my computer is fast again!  I couldn't believe it. On top of it, even though I had 9 months left on Macafee and had the full version of it; it was STILL bugging me and advertising, etc...  with annoying pop ups. If I OWN a program, I don't want to constantly get spammed by it!That being said, if you can tolerate the slight delay on your programs, etc... (my computer is so fast excel pops up instantly without Macafee on my system)  then Macafee has some excellent features.  One of which is the parental controls. I love how you can set up only certain websites for the children's computer. I had PLANNED on using this on their computer so that they could only access a few select websites. However, there's no way my older computer (now the kid's) can tolerate the slow speed of Macafee.  Ugh, can't recommend this program AT ALL!  Amazing that 10 years after I had tried them the first time, Macafee STILL has the SAME EXACT PROBLEMS!!  Pitiful.
I have just finished my third activation of this product. I first activated it, entered the product key and all, on Dec. 2. Fifteen days later the program, on this computer, says I have to activate the program or it will expire. I do so. Fifteen days after that, over New Year's weekend, the same message. Mind you, although this was on an XP system, the computer did exceed the minimum criteria for speed and memory and the rest of it.This time I come to find out:- that, unlike what it says on its quick start guide (the one with the Product Key) "If you already have a McAfee product installed on your computer, we will uninstall it automatically." The computer had a lapsed McAfee Total Protection and it DID NOT remove it, I had to find it on Windows Uninstall.- that I had to download and run McAfee Virtual Technician and McAfee Preinstall Tool. This after I went through several pages on their technical support webpage.- that McAfee had known issues with another problem, Real-Time Scanning is Off, which they flagged in red on their tech support page. Turns out that this was an issue in their 2011 and 2010 products and before, so they (a) knew it was an issue for some time and (b) it's not very nice to have a protection against cyber-threats turn itself off without warning.- the "Preparing your Windows computer to download and install McAfee Consumer products" involves five major steps. The "Real-Time Scanning is off" procedure involves six steps.- the computer sped up considerably once the old McAfee program was gone. It's now slow again.- my subscription runs out on Dec. 2, 2012, which means that McAfee's site did record the activation, but somehow the program never got the message.Really, people, if you're going to ship a software product, you should give us something that will include what it needs to install and function on the first try -- especially with known problems.It gets worse: I encourage customers to read their terms and conditions of use before you activate the product. The product warranty, of course, is "as is" -- the two longest words in contract law. The big kicker however is that McAfee tells you that, given a valid credit card number, it WILL automatically renew your subscription (at a price), unless YOU inform THEM 30 days before the anniversary that you wish to opt out. (Doesn't say where, exactly, to contact them, although paragraph 23, further down, does have a general point of contact, e-mail and such).And to those who note that this is a Vine product, free of charge: not every free product means free enjoyment. I took a huge risk by testing a security program like this, as it could gum up the computer or leave it unprotected. As it is, I have spent considerable time and research trying to make this thing work, and I'm still not sure if it's protecting the computer or just taking up RAM and disk space. If this product is what's protecting a large number of computers from cyber-threats, it's not terribly reassuring.
I first installed McAfee Total Protection on a virtual WinXP machine.  Installation went smoothly, activated the product online, and restarted the virtual PC (vPC).  The machine would not start up (I kept getting various errors like low system memory, video drivers not found, etc.).  Thank goodness I took a snapshot of the vPC prior to installation, so I restored from a functional state and thankfully it started fine.  Strike one.I then installed McAfee again on the same virtual machine as the first installation.  Unfortunately I could not use the same code again... even though it is technically the same machine!  So, I had to use the second product key.  No big deal... since I have two more.  Installation was successful on the second round.  I performed the updates, and then put this baby through normal internet browsing.  After about two weeks, McAfee identified a malware infection on the vPC.  But, for some reason it failed to remove the malware.  I had to use the Malwarebytes Anti-Malware program to successfully remove it.  Strike two.After a few more weeks, and feeling a bit comfortable with the Total Protection program, I installed it on a spare WinXP Pro PC (multi-boot) with an expiring antivirus program (non-McAfee).  Installation required me to uninstall the older program, then it proceeded.  Installation seemed to proceed successfully, until I restarted.  Blue screen.  Blue screen?!  After the next restart, Windows failed to start up.  Thankfully I create a "ghost" image of the functional OS prior to installation, and then I was able to start up the PC again.  Strike three.This product seems hit-or-miss for various people.  Unfortunately, it was three strikes for me.  Based on my experience, I cannot recommend this product.  Hopefully others will have better luck than me.UPDATE 2012-01-19It seems that the problem with Total Protection has been reported by others, and has forced McAfee to work on a software patch.  BBC news reported this flaw in a recent news article "McAfee tackles 'spam hijack' flaw in anti-malware code" revealing that it has exposed its customers' computers to the risk of being hijacked by spammers.
No matter what you have heard about this product it is still HORRIBLE! The main issues remain the same as always with McAfee: It makes your computer crash, slows down the system and does not really offer "Total Protection"Couple of comments: I have a blazing fast Dell computer (Intel i7 processor, 8GB RAM and a 500GB 7200rpm hard drive) This machine was running great UNTIL I dared to install Total Protection 2012. Although the speed does not sink to the bottom it is very noticeable the lack of speed when McAfee is updating or scanning.So I decide to get rid of this program and I find that my system was infected with some bug that Total Protection did not protect against! So I had to remove the virus and it was not really a big deal using the right software. The nightmare was to remove McAfee!Now everything is better, my computer is protected by Kasperki PURE and it is fast as ever while MaAfee is resting in my local landfill.
This software is really a mess.  I am running Windows 7, and this was nearly impossible to install and seems to behave like malware.  You would think that Corel would make a great product but I am really questioning them.They have really strayed from the original Sony product. On system startup and other odd times I am getting strange popups advertising, or asking me to sign in.Roxio also used to be a trusted name, and who knows what has happened to them.  At the least they should offer decent support, and not direct people to forums.  That is just asking people to do your job for no pay.  it is their duty, IMHO to offer support for installation problems people encounter.When people lose everything because of some shoddy piece of software, well it is nothing short of criminal.  I couldnt install it. I couldnt get help.  I gave up. Who needs this nightmare.
I used Roxio years ago to copy dvd's and cd's. When I saw this I was excited because of all the other things that I would be about to do, from working with music, videos, and photos. Boy was I wrong.I had a hard time simply installing the software. I went around and around with no tech support. The only thing I got was sent to a forum to try and search for my problem or to post the issue and hope someone gets back to me.Then I learned that there was a problem with my 64-bit windows 7, this doesn't work with it. What is the point? I mean don't most computers have Windows 7 64 bit on them?Trying to use any of the features locks up my computer and shuts the program down. I am also over whelmed by the ads to update my software or to buy other versions. What the heck did I get myself into. Of course then I read the reviews and realized that this was a waste of time, foresight and such.Don't bother with this software. It's a waste of time and money. Go find something, anything, else.Shawn KovacichAuthor and Creator of numerous books and DVD's.
It has a lot of conflicts with Apple products to the point that I had to uninstall it. Then I installed it in my Android and it works OK. I am not satisfied because Kaspersky offers a FREE anti-virus (through the Android Market) that does exactly the same as McAfee All Access.
I really don't need this for the two Macs in my house, so skip that. My iPad doesn't need it either. My PC is the only thing that occasionally gets viruses due to my daughter downloading toolbars and other malware as game playing kids do at times. I found this really, really, really slowed my computer down very noticeably. I uninstalled it and went back to MSSE which runs in the background, auto updates virus definitions, and doesn't slow my computer down. I'm much happier with MSSE, which is a free solution that can have parental controls added as well (requires extra steps).
Death and taxes they say are unavoidable and Quickbooks for any business is about the same...and about as pleasant.  Whether you like it or not, Quickbooks forces you to upgrade every few years in order to maintain support and be able to use online services.  After 3 years, this version will turn into a virtual pumpkin just like all other versions.  Intuit software comes with an expiration date, though for many of us it's rotten from the minute it comes out of the box.This version adds no compelling features.  The "document center" is a feature without a purpose.  Other "improvements" were undetectable in daily use except the product was slower and buggier than previous versions.  I had huge problems trying to upgrade this from the 2011 version.  While everything worked fine in 2008 it didn't work in 2012--the file couldn't be read.Sad is the person who calls tech support.  Truly I've never dealt with people more unhelpful or incompatible with my native language.  Offshore tech support that provides unintelligible dribble that doesn't answer your questions and feels like a sketch from Laurel and Hardy.  The best phrase from support:  "Your company is corrupt".  Oh really?  I knew he meant my company file, but I think it's corrupt for a company to sell a lousy product, provide lousy support and force you to constantly upgrade.When all is said and done, do you really have a choice not to buy this? If you run a business and have an accountant, they almost always require Quickbooks and after 3 years support is terminated and you'll be forced to upgrade anyways.  Expect only pain and suffering with this version, but if you are a previous user, then you already know this.
I would like to review this product fairly and accurately but unfortunately I cannot review a product I cannot install properly and that I cannot get customer support for. I have tried several times to install this to a relatively new Windows 7 PC and all it really does is freeze up my system. I've tried to find help online but to no avail and trying to get through to Corel either verbally (don't even bother) or via web (Case Failure message) is futile. Doing web searches for help forums only produces lists of other issues with this product other users have been having in addition to the issue I've had. I have several other Corel products I like and for all I know this is an awesome product that once installed properly, works like a charm. That said, without customer support from the company (seems like they aren't concerned with this aspect of customer care), the product is useless. That's all I can say. I'd check out other products before investing $50+ on this.Wish I could say more, but, sadly, I cannot. I apologize.
I could  not get this software to install. I tried deactivating my antivirus software and other tricks of the trade to get it to install. No such luck! I will continue to try and if I can get it to load, I'll come back and edit this review.
Corel is rapidly becoming the Netscape of the digital media software world.  I have reviewed two of their products on Amazon,Corel PaintShop Photo Pro X3which I gave 1 star to, andCorel Digital Studio 2010which I gave 2 stars to.So, what's new with Corel?  Not much, really. I actually kind of feel sorry for them. They have a portfolio of products that are becoming increasingly irrelevant in modern computing. Image editing can now be done "in the cloud" (that's "online" for those of you not infected with marketing-speak) from companies like Adobe, Microsoft, and even Tumblr and Facebook -- and generally for free for the red-eye and cropping tools that the majority of people only want.  Well, OK, but what about watching DVDs and Blu-Rays?  Well, Apple computers come with software to do that right in the OS, same goes for Windows 7+ computers (with plug-ins for DVD, they don't do Blu-Ray yet, but I am sure they will soon). Sure, they aren't packed full of features, but then again, neither is a DVD/Blu-Ray player. If the OS doesn't provide a program to watch movie discs on, there are always free programs like VideoLAN's VLC player (which plays darn near everything). Apple's Quicktime Player Pro will also play discs (although you have to pay for it).So, what is a company like Corel supposed to do?  The answer it seems, in their case, add bloatware to all of their products, and try to convince their customers that using their software is the ONLY way to do certain things.  That may work for customers they have managed to lock into their brand loyalty, but the younger generation heading into college right now, isn't going to fall for it.  Unless Corel adapts soon, I fear they may be heading the way Netscape went.I own and used the 4.0 series of WinDVD on my old WinXP computer, from back when it was a product from InterVideo (and back when computers DIDN'T come with DVD viewing software by default). It worked fine.So, what is new in THIS version of WinDVD?  A whole lot of Digital Rights Management (DRM) nonsense, that's what! (Not that Windows 7+ doesn't have DRM enforcement baked into it as well, which is obnoxious, but let's stay focused ^_- )  Do you enjoy being locked out of playing old DVDs when trying to watch them with WinDVD? Well, then you may enjoy the new "features" WinDVD Pro 11 has added, which will check for High Definition Copy Protocol (HDCP) on discs (it is a way to prevent copying by intercepting a signal, kind of like how VHS was copied between VCRs back in the old days).  The problem is, some older DVDs don't IMPLEMENT HDCP, which means WinDVD Pro 11 simply won't play it.  I looked online for solutions to this, and checked Corel's tech support. It is a known issue, with no solution. They care more about making the RIAA happy, than their paying customers (for the record, Apple's Quicktime player, and Microsoft's Media Player both played the older disc fine for me, as did VLC player).  Additionally, the Advanced Access Content System (AACS) key that comes with WinDVD Pro 11 expires, and when it expires, your media will no longer play (which I find fascinating, as no hardware disc player I have ever owned, has had this issue). I have found no solution to this issue either (it just happened to me, which is what prompted me to write this review, which I have been meaning to do for a while, I haven't tried to play a disc with it in months, but this jogged my memory.)So, in short, this software is buggy, LOVES the RIAA and the DRM they all swear fealty to, and won't play some media correctly. Additionally, there are free programs available that WILL play the media that you legally own, both from your OS makers, and 3rd parties.  I see ZERO reason to buy software like this in the future -- which is kind of sad for Corel, as it was sad for Netscape.  But, lack of innovation, and an inability to adapt to changing times frequently dooms companies to extinction, I think Corel is heading that way.1 star.
Could not get it to work; had to uninstall -- worse software ever; had to reset computer after it. I am surprised. I have several Corel products and they work well.
Corel has trod a long and rocky road. Way back when, Corel was a pacesetter, its CorelDraw product at the head of the pack.The company was led by a flamboyant entrepreneur who, with his glamorous wife, were regulars on the local high society scene. They are long-gone from the company. Since the high-flying days, the company has lost its dominant position and sometimes struggled for survival. Product quality and customer service deteriorated and I, along with many others,  stopped buying or updating Corel products.Along the way it acquired other brands, such as WordPerfect that had been managed even more poorly. Among them was a one-time shareware program called JASC PaintShop. At one time, PaintShop was actually a challenger to Adobe PhotoShop.  Corel also acquired a wonderfully innovative line of PhotoShop plug-ins known collectively as the KPT Collection.Once sold independently, Corel has not updated KPT products to run with Windows 7 and current versions of PhotoShop.They are offering the complete collection, however, as a part of PaintShop Pro X4 Ultimate. For the few dollars, because I wanted some of the KPT plug-ins, I ordered PaintShop Pro X4 Ultimate.Nasty surprise #1: the KPT Collection is not included on the installation discs. You have to register the product after it is installed to get a link to download the KPT product. In my install, the registration page didn't appear, so I went to Corel's site and registered the product. The registration site is brain dead. There is a single field for the serial number, so I entered the 28 character code. Then they tell me I must use dashes. There is a word for web design like this: stupid. Tell me before hand to use dashes or give me fields for each 7 digit string.No mention of KPT. So I go to tech support where I learn Corel generously provides me one tech support call for during my 90 day warranty period, before charging me $19 a question. There seems to be no provision on this page for email support. Uh, this kind of support is essentially worthless.I did find a page to email them a question. After filling out a dozen or so fields, I hit the Submit button and it tells me the product must be registered in order for me to submit a question. I registered the product already! I try registering the product again and it tells me I have already registered the product.Duh.I check my account summary page and - surprise - the product is registered.In other words, Corel has led me in a circle. I cannot get the KPT Collection without spending still more time with their brain dead website and support function.Lemme see: what takes less time? Printing out an Amazon return label? Or going through this futile process again?Guess which option I'm taking. With customer service like this, Corel is on the road to oblivion, regardless of how good a product like PaintShop Pro X4 Ultimate might be.Jerry
Dear Corel:As a user of Paint Shop Pro since version 4.14 in the 1990s, I have long endorsed PSP as a great, alternative program to Photoshop for graphic artists on a budget. As of this version, I can no longer endorse this product.Words cannot express how much I hate Paint Shop Pro X4. As I stare into the screen with multiple confusing tabs and screen-hogging image indexes, please know that only one thing remains certain: that I hate PSPX4 with every tired muscle in my graphic artist body. Until X3, the changes they made were minimal, and contributed to more and advanced features.However, Corel has now ruined it by trying to simplify it for amateur photographers when they should be developing it for professional artists. It's impossible to tell if this is meant for photographers, graphic artists, scrapbookers or for coloring books. It's like all these multi-function "smart" devices-- they do a lot of things, but they don't do anything really well, and you have to become an expert on the device to get anything out of it. PSPX4 tries to be all things to all people and fails miserably.Corel is also trying to pull one over by claiming to have new features that have been available in the program for years. Moving a feature around and calling attention to it does not make it new--it makes the company irritating, as well as making the program difficult to for long time users to find, and difficult for new users to learn in the first place. What was once a contender to compete against the mighty Photoshop is now a glorified app for removing red eye and endless tabs and indexes. X4 is finally showing the strain of executive meddling and has jumped the shark. I have spent more hours than I care to count trying to make X4 functional and have only emerged frustrated beyond all reason.I would advise others to stick with X3 as well as earlier versions. If you must try this program, download the demo before making a financial commitment. Better yet, I would recommend users invest their time, money and effort in Photoshop, since Corel shows no interest in making a better graphics program and only wants to make a buck from an uninformed amateur photography base.I will not stop using Photoshop until Corel comes to its senses and stops trying to overtake the plumbing. As it is, with PSPX4 it's too easy to stop up the drain. I have never given any version of PSP a bad review, which makes me hate PSPX4 that much more. PSPX4 is ultimately penny wise and pound foolish, but mostly I won't use it because I hate it so very, very much.Yours,The Taminator
My Significant other's review"Product has a very limited number of editing features. It is even more limited in the number of video formats that it is capable of recognizing, rendering and editing. The user interface of the software is very confusing, non-user friendly and ultimately makes minimal sense as to its functional design and structure core. I rate this software as quite worthless. It is unworthy of the disc it is stored on. I would give this software a zero star rating if it were possible, but lucky for them the lowest I can give is a one star. However, I am going to surrender a fantastic one star rating. I am surrendering one star for the following reasons: The product gets zero stars for functionality, user interface etc. I give the product one star because the name is cool (VideoStudio Pro X4) and because the box is pretty"My Review:I did not recognize the formats we wanted, it was a pain in the rear to install, and it was quite frustrating to work your way around.  We also had freezing issues and problems with it locking up all three computers we had it installed on.  In the end we went back to our previous video software.  There are far better options available for all price ranges.
Corel has some serious privacy issues.  As in, if you use their products, they invade your privacy.  I can understand them wanting to prevent software piracy, but I don't like the way they go about it.1) In their EULA (the license you have to agree to in order to install) they tell you straight up that they will audit your usage of the software.  They will send back data about how you use the software, your IP address, etc.  If you don't agree, you can't install the software.  I don't really agree, but I wanted to see what they had to offer, so I installed it on a virtual machine that I gave no Internet access to.  This means I can't get updates, but it also means my computer won't be sending them information about what I'm doing (does this not sound like a minor version of spyware to you?)2) The EULA also says that Corel is not responsible for any damages to your computer that may occur by using this software.  It's good (for them) that they put that in there, because in order to accomplish #1 (above) they install "Protexis Licensing V2" software which seems to destabilize my computer.  Not horribly, but enough to notice and that's still too much.3) The EULA also states that some features are not fully compatible with Windows Vista and they don't intend to fix those issues.  If you have Vista and (for whatever reason) don't want to go to Windows 7, you may have issues (I'm assuming Win7 is not a problem since they only mention Vista...)  Gee, it would have been nice to have told us that up front, rather than burying it in the EULA, don't you think?If Corel would get rid of their system-destabilizing spyware and allow the user to opt-in and out of anonymous information gathering, then my review would be much better.  The presence of Protexis, however, forces me to remove 4 full stars.  Yeah--it's that important to me.The software itself seemed OK, but I really didn't play with it that much because I was really just eager to remove the spyware from my system.  If a future version is released without Protexis being installed, then I'll give it a whirl and I suspect I'll rather like it.  For now, I'll stick with Adobe Premier Pro, Roxio VideoWave and Pinnacle Studio.If you are already using Corel software, then you probably already have Protexis installed.  If this doesn't bother you, then go ahead and try this software out.  What little I saw of it seemed as good as my other video editing suites. For the rest of us...NOT RECOMMENDED.
Is it just me? I installed Poser 9 and it appeared to be installing twice! The installation took 75 minutes. When it completed, I clicked to open the program and the registration notice appeared. I filled in my name and the serial number. Below that, it indicated that I had a previous version. I don't. I was going to re-enter the serial number and other information but the fields could not be used. So... I went ahead and clicked, but the "notice" said that I needed to complete the form. Nothing worked! I uninstalled Poser 9. A bit later, I gave it another try. This time it took about 50 minutes but I received numerous error messages... "Retry" did no good, so I said to "Ignore". When the installation had completed, I clicked and the registration notice reappeared. Same thing again. Poser 9 believes that I have a previous version in my machine! The only other Smith Micro software I have on my computer is Anime Studio 7. I don't give up easily! I'll give it another try in a couple days and update this review. I'm doing nothing wrong. I do know how to install software. My computer meets and exceeds the requirements. Perhaps I received faulty software. Meanwhile, I'll check Smith Micro's website and also do a search to see if I find anyone else that is having a problem with the installation. I look forward to using Poser 9.
Our family uses several software products to create digital art and anime. I thought Poser 9 sounded like a lot of fun.I received this product to review from Amazon's Vine program free of charge before the product was released to the public. I followed all the instructions to activate the product in order to unlock it to use it. Despite putting the serial number in many times correctly the system rejected me and I was unable to start using it.I contacted Smith Micro immediately. I copied and pasted the serial number so that what I submitted to them was exactly what I inputted. It took a week for their staff to get back to me by email and all they said was "that serial number is a working number".Again I tried to activate the software and was rejected giving an error message about "serial number invalid".I rate this product 1 Star = I Hate It because I was unable to get it to work at all and the staff was not helpful.Smith Micro should have a customer service line to call and talk to a human live. Also when providing a product for reviewing, if it will not activate the company should provide another product to that reviewer so it can actually be product tested.
Like many others, I could not get this to install properly. I am very disappointed and hope that they issue a revision that will load properly on my XP computer.
The only joy I got from using this product was laughing out loud when it immediately crashed upon first using it.  When I was finally able to try and use the thing, the editing process was such a laborious nightmare that I wondered aloud how in the world anyone could possibly use this with so many other superior products on the market.  I tried to edit a video by simply synching the audio and the video which proved to be too much for the program to handle.  I have a six month old computer, I might add, which is bursting at the seams with RAM memory, hard drive speed, and general computing power.  And the wipes and fade outs were absolutely hilarious.  Their wipes reminded me of my 1988 Panasonic video recorder (which I would still prefer to edit with, by the way).I only used this for a few hours as the constant crashing was making me pull my hair out.  On a brand new computer, should a program be crashing and diving so much?  No.  Even once you get the thing started you'll be too busy laughing at the antiquated technology it brings.  Move on, and find something else.  It shouldn't be too hard to do!
There are better utilities out there that perhaps don't promise as much (Norton) but do deliver on their promises.Cons:-Lengthy installation-machine crashes increase after installing-major headache to removeThree days on luckily a secondary machine with Fix-It that I can never recover...
The worst part associated with this product was the cumbersome process of installing it on my Sony Vaio with Windows Vista. I have owned this laptop for a few years and rarely use it because it is so slow. In all fairness, my old laptop may be partially responsible for the problems I encountered.I inserted the installation disc and things went quickly from bad to worse. The machine froze the first time around which necessitated restarting the installation. In order to use the security features/anti-virus features, I had to uninstall my current anti-virus suite. Afternumerous stops/starts, I finally managed to complete the install process. Fortunately for me, I had some idea how these programs work so I guess I knew enough to figure how to work around the most irksome problems. However, given that this suite of maintenance and security programs is allegedly seamless, it made no sense that I had any problems at all getting it on my machine.While the software appears to be working, I am anything but thrilled with results. The laptop is running worse than before. Ibam getting 'low on space' errors left and right. Based on the hype, I expected this software to be a real workhorse but after a couple of days I have yet to be convinced that this a solution to a multitude of small problems. Frankly, it seems to be causing more problems without having fixed the pre-existing problems.My cautious advice is to look elsewhere and read as many reviews as possible before making a decision regarding software in this category.Update to my original review. Things have gotten so bad that I have just spent $900 on a new laptop. I don't know if the real problem was the lousy and highly unstable Vista operating system or this software, but I am willing to guess that this software doesn't work with Vista. I did this after I uninstalled a lot of files and there was no improvement. One other note. The five pc contract that this product provided was not active. At the initial install, the serial number provided with the software was not accepted and what I had on my pc was a test copy.
Fix-It utilities seems to do a fine, if temporary, job of speeding up network browsing time and PC performance issues.  But everytime you want to fix a problem, you are asked whether you want to register the software.  If you don't, the program closes.No program you pay for should force you to register in order to use it, especially when cnet.com puts it in the center of the pack, ranked below some shareware programs.
My computer needs some serious fixing.  When I saw this software being offered I was skeptical but figured with a PC as messed up as mine, what have I got to loose?To my surprise you can only use this on up to 5 computers.  You get to use it for one year.  I did not think this would have limitations on it like that.After installing the software Fix-It said it found many problems.  One was even a surprise to me.  It says I have McAfee installed.  That simply shouldn't be.  I looked in add/remove programs & don't see it there.  I don't like McAfee & don't want it on my PC.  I use other services for my antivirus.  Fix-It even comes with anti-virus software!  At first I thought that was pretty great.  Since I couldn't uninstall the hidden McAfee & Fix-It didn't offer an uninstall option, I could not use Fix-It's anti-virus.The only good thing this software did for my PC is resolve my insanely long shut down.  So much crap is running & I don't know why.  Shut down takes several minutes.  When Fix-It was running it shut down quickly & normally.  However that is the ONLY good service I am aware it provided me.  Shutting down Fix-It also shuts down this repair so it is total doo doo.The rest of Fix-It made my PC a world of confusion.  My internet went down to a crawl.  The PC kept freezing.  Granted it is already doing this crap on a regular basis - now it's 10x's worse!  Firefox wont load my usual websites but will load others okay.  I had to open Internet Explorer to access the websites that wouldn't load on Firefox.  Why?  I don't know why.  I wish I knew why!  In the beginning, I did not associate this oddity with Fix-It.  On my next computer start-up when the same wacky crap was going on I decided to close Fix-It.  Ta Da!  Everything ran normally, that is the crappy way it ran before Fix-It.This is such a disappointment for me.  It looks like I really have no choice & will have to do a reformat to get my PC cleaned up & running smoothly like before.Based on my experience, I cannot recommend this product.  If you are having PC problems, why make them worse?  Avoid this one.
Well, I don't know how it does on new computers, but I installed this on my older version HP and I've had nothing but problems.  Now I can't get my printer to work, and other programs are having a lot of problems.  I wish I would never had installed this thing.  The computer was fine before I tried this.  I don't know if it was this program, or if I got a virus by chance at the same time--but I'm now very disgusted.
Fix-It Utilities 12 Pro really made me want to rip out my hair. Thankfully, I tried it on my older computer and it made the computer crash. And yes, the computer was an older Windows Vista Sony and still worked fine. Now I have to toss the computer and I'm not thrilled. Buyer beware.
First it analyses your computer and finds 300+ things to fix, then it suggests you disable your protection software like Norton or McAfee, because theirs is just so much more powerful and will protect you better. At the end of the day my computer was not any faster with all the fixes, but the program wants to install new updates and fixes daily. I took it out of my computer. If you set your computer to defrag weekly and follow basic steps to check it monthly, you do not need this software; it is a hassle and NOT WORTH THE MONEY.
I installed and used Fix It Utilities Professional version 12 on four computers. I had some positive experiences but also some very bad experiences. I consider this product dangerous.First I installed Fix It on an HP desktop (Windows 7 Home Premium) and an old clunky Gateway (Windows XP SP3 Media Edition) badly needing some "fixing". I launched analyze and allowed the application to "fix" all the problems found (Startup Commander, Registry Fixer, Temporary Files Cleaner, Internet Speed, Memory Optimizer, Create Checkpoint). I also ran the Program Optimizer. I did not see any noticeable improvements on the Gateway or the HP. As far as I can tell no applications are launching faster. However, based on a benchmark test it seems that Fix It! might have marginally improved the read and write speed of the Gateway hard disk (could be random) and it seemed to improve the 2D vector graphics speed on the HP.However, the Temporary Files Cleaner removed hundreds of files that I actually needed, which I thought was scary (I had to restore them). Also despite uninstalling the only installed AV software on the Gateway the so called advanced AV software in Fix It would not install because it found a remnant of an old Norton Anti-Virus program that was uninstalled a long time ago. No other AV software I've tried acted this way.Well that was a mixed bag experience but the shocker came when I installed Fix It! on two laptops at work (Dell laptops with Windows XP Professional). I did this because these laptops had (and have) issues with sluggishness and applications that does not launch as quick as they should. The cost of this mistake will end up being thousands of dollars.On the first computer Fix It Utilities Professional appeared to install fine but it was obviously something wrong with it. While running the Memory Optimizer, the Temporary Files Cleaner, and the Internet Speed Optimizer the application got an exception error and closed (happened to all three of them). What is much worse, I noticed that AVQWinMonEngine.exe (service installed by FixIt) had an apparent memory leak, a big one. The memory usage of this executable grew to the size of hundreds of megabytes in the matter of minutes. I could kill it using task manager. However, when I restarted the computer for the first time after installing and using "Fix It!" it was no longer bootable (it could not be started).On the second computer Fix It! also appeared to install fine. Once again AVQWinMonEngine.exe appeared to have a memory leak and the memory usage grew into gigabytes after some time (this computer had more memory). However, a un-installation followed by a re-installation seemed to take care of this problem, but even so I continued having the same exception errors as I saw on the first computer. Next I did the mistake of running Program Optimization. After running Program Optimization the configuration of some applications were messed, several start up menu shortcuts broken, and what is worse AVQWinMonEngine.exe prevented me from mapping network drives. Worst of all some change interfered with the communication with the domain controller and messed up synchronization. In addition I now also get stop errors (blue screen) which I have not seen before on this computer. I had the IT guys look at the system and they concluded that Fix It Utilities Professional version 12 had severely messed up my system. They are going to reformat my hard drive and re-install applications next Monday or Tuesday.I contacted Avanquest support regarding the issues I saw but I have not gotten a reply yet. At the end of the day, the app I was the most interesting in speeding up now loads even slower, not faster.----------- Conclusion -------------In all fairness, the two work computers had security software and other unusual software installed on them as well as atypical configurations, and the first computer also had hardware issues. However, I've installed many applications including many anti-malware (AV software) applications on these computers without seeing any issues. In addition I was not entirely happy with what I saw on my more typical home computers either.As far as I can tell this software is potentially dangerous and I will never install it again. However, I will keep an eye open for both improvements and issues I see on my two home computers and update the review accordingly. My suggestion is to backup or create a restore point before using "Fix It!" and not to use it on untypical systems. Overall I cannot recommend it.
Updated review on Nov. 3, 2013I have just uninstalled this entire program.  This is something I meant to do for a long time but didn't want to let go of the feeling of being extra protected.  Evidence shows it offered no extra protection to me, for my situation.After running my antivirus history reports and downloading the reports, I see that Norton didn't detect any viruses.  That doesn't mean it wouldn't have if I had run into trouble.  All it means is that I let it slow down my system noticeably for a sense of protection that history shows I didn't need.As for the other programs in this suite, they weren't necessary at all because my Mountain Lion software already handles Firewall and Keychain functions.  Those parts of Norton were redundant for me.I just got tired of the spinning wheel.  That's all.
The Norton Internet Security for Mac states clearly right on the box that it &#34;Includes Norton Internet Security 4 For Mac OS X 10.4.11-10.6.8. I have OS X 10.6.8 and the box says that it includes this software which will work with my version! Great! Only, not so great, because they lied. This software won't work with OS X 10.6.8 at all. The installer says that I didn't have &#34;OS X 10.7 +&#34; so I couldn't install any of the software! Then why do they even state that it contains Internet Security 4 which works with my OS X 10.6.8 if you need 10.7 to install it? This makes no sense to me.I tried to ask Norton Tech support a simple question and they refused to answer whether it was possible to install Internet Security 4 which requires the OS that I have. All Mustafa did was bombard me with questions on the Instant Messaging Window where I had just typed in what was going on and my question of whether it was even compatible. He refused to address that issue. Instead he asked where I got the program, did I install it, what's the keycode! The &#34;guy&#34; didn't even read what I wrote! I had already told him the software didn't allow me to install it!This is my last foray into Norton products. I have a few more to try out and review but after that, I will not even bother, because they stink.Update: Sometime after the above disaster, I received a phone call telling me that the product does have a program that would run on my Mac's OS. Unfortunately, I had already discarded the program in disgust.
I guess my sentiments are the same as many of the other reviewers: Do not buy this! Will not work on Mountain Lion 10.8 unless, of course, you get the download installer in the community forum, as stated in the readme file. Well, the problem is that all I did in the community forum was go from one place to another trying to find the download installer. Guess what? I never found it and the forum, at least pertaining to the info I needed, is completely useless. There's no physcial person you can speak to. There's pretty much no guide or tutorial to help you navigate. Thank goodness I didn't pay any money for this.... what a disappointment from Norton!
I thought this was supposed to install as Norton Internet Security 4 for Mac OS X 10.4.11 - 10.6.8.  Well, I have a MacBook with 10.6.8 and the installer will not work. It wants to have 10.7 OS X installed. I can't install OS X 10.7 on my MacBook, so this program is useless to me.It seems Norton would be a little clearer with their product requirements that it WILL NOT WORK on OS's less than 10.7.
Didn't see this mentioned prior to installing the software.Also note that the software will only work for one year, after which you need to send Norton more money. Norton "Internet Security" includes all of the features in their "Antivirus" package plus the web surfing safety items.I'd proceed with caution on a software rental scheme especially when there exist good free antivirus packages for Mac.
I purchased this thinking that I had purchased a full version at a bargain price.  It arrived today.  However, it was only a 30-day trial version.  I saw nothing on the Amazon.com page describing it as a trial version, and their is nothing stating that on the box that the program came in.  I tried to get support from Corel and found that I did not have the qualifying code to receive support.This is only a review of my own experience this one time.  It should be balanced out with reviews published by other customers.  I hate to think that such an outstanding and respected company would deliberately function in this manner. It must be a mistake; but I am returning the program to Amazon.com for standard refund.  I have already attached the appropriate labels and sealed the box.Note that I have not been harmed, just inconvenienced.  If any employee of Coral wants to add anything to this review, I'm open.
Listen to the words of the reviewers who tell you that this product is unnecessarily troublesome to install (it took me three attempts to find success). Listen to the words of the reviewers who tell you that this product freezes (it happened to me four times ... and then I cleansed my system of it.) And, truly listen to the reviewers who inform you that this is "bloated." My Alienware is under a year old ... and I can feel the drag of this software. On a new computer? I cannot imagine what it would be like on an older computer.As a number of reviewers noted, after every less-than-glowing review is a boilerplate comment from the company. They ask for more details about the errors. Anyone else have the impression that this product wasn't thoroughly beta-tested? Or maybe that people are paying nearly $100.00 to be beta-testers? That's a shame.If this were freeware, I would have still uninstalled it (and I would have still used a cleaner after it). At nearly $100.00, I cannot imagine how anyone can think he/she is getting a product that reflects that (hefty) price-tag. A true disappointment.
I want software that plays media, including BluRay, on any device. I don't want malware, ads, software that insists on interfering with my firewall; in short, this program is invasive and not the kind of thing I want installed on the computer. I couldn't de-install it fast enough. Not recommended.
Argh... I remember being stuck with a limited selection of software that would play HD DVD (for those that remember that now dead and well orphaned product) and Blu-ray and being faced with the choice of PowerDVD and a few other products (including from a competitor of the manufacturer of this product).  In the end, well, I'd have to recommend going with a competing product *still* as it seems that Cyberlink has failed in any real effort at improving their products in any significant manner.Let me summarize it this way -- this product is ok if you have no other choices, but if you check around just a little you'll find you do have choices and I think you'd be happier with those products rather than this one.
Well after taking about a half dozen attempts to install on my laptop (running the all new Windows 8=MY fault?) it FINALLY installed. Then to my Windows 7 Desktop I use for gaming. Also took 3 attempts to finally get installed. On both computers I have endless freezes & crashes. I had so hoped to be able to allow me to watch my Blu-ray movies (at times) when on the run and I was curious to see what that was like. Well I will never know since both computers were trash after the install & I removed this nightmare program off BOTH.....I have to also admit I can't comment on customer service as I was just too fed up to even care anymore. If they had turned out to be wonderful I still would never keep software that causes all this did on any of my computers. Reading the description had me so excited. Using it had me wondering if I was going to have another heart attack! Sorry, I honestly am as I hate to leave a 1 star review for any item, Vine or otherwise. But this program EARNED that 1 star.....
Well, that's it for me on Corel products. When a company is so bad that you can't contact them by phone or email and get a response within a reasonable timeframe, then it's time to find someone else to buy from. Eight days ago I first tried to install this(and since then have tried with lots troubleshooting research) and it would not install saying I was not connected to the internet.... I was definitely connected to the internet! So, I contacted Corel by phone and after a ridiculously long wait time they told me I need to register my product. I already had, but they said I hadn't and so they told me to send them a copy of that registration. Impossible! I didn't save that! It was an online registration! So, they said ok and for me to reregister the product. I did and here I am 8 days and 15 contact attempts later and no response back. Absolutely pitiful! Thankfully I got this free, but still this is very disappointing and quite disgusts me. Shame on you, Corel! Some troubleshooting sites I read said I need to turn off my firewall before installing. Well, I did that and it didn't work. Be wary of these troubleshooting sites...
I am new to digital video having only recently purchased a digital camcorder.  Up to now I have been using the basic Windows video software editor to do some minor video editing, which is intuitive and easy to use but not very technically advanced.  When I had the opportunity to try Corel's VideoStudio Pro X5 software I was really excited about the prospect of being able to do some more sophisticated editing of home videos.  I had visions of being able to create a brief video introduction and perhaps some clever transitions between scenes in a video, maybe add some background music.  But this excitement was vanquished pretty quickly after trying to use the software.To Corel's credit, VideoStudio Pro X5 comes with a printed manual.  But upon reading the manual it became readily apparent that it was so basic and vaguely worded that it did not show me how to do even very basic video operations.  Evidently it was written for people who are already familiar with using prior versions of this software as it meant absolutely nothing to me.  I tried to play around with the various features of the software, which are not at all intuitive, and in the end I was unable to make even a minor edit of my video file.  It has been an enormous disappointment.Sadly, Corel corporation has seemingly embarked on a path where they create powerful software products such as PaintShop Pro and VideoStudio Pro but show no interest in providing documentation so novices can learn how to use these products.  They either include no instruction at all or provide such skeletal information that one has to purchase third party books or search the internet for tips on how to use their software.  This is a very bad business model and one that consumers should not be willing to accept.If you are a prior user of VideoStudio Pro you may be able to make sense of the X5 version and put it to good use.  If you are a novice, though, you will be frustrated trying to learn how to do even basic video editing with this software and its limited documentation.  This is probably why so many people are migrating to Apple products where the emphasis seems to be geared to user-friendliness in both their hardware and software.
Norton Anti-Theft is designed to help recover lost or stolen electronic items but there are many problems with this software.- It only works for Androids, PCs and Macs - no iPhones, Kindles or Chromebooks. If you have an Android there are many better, free mobile apps that provide exactly this service and more. This Android app can be easily uninstalled (they even put a logo on the desktop) so if someone steals your phone, they can disable the protection. This means it only really works for when the device is lost.- On a laptop, it works averagely with WiFi. Currently, this laptop I'm using is shown as being 500 feet from me. If the WiFi is turned off then it uses location through IP address which is so inaccurate that it's practically useless. Again there are free alternatives for this (check out the Prey Project which is an excellent open source solution).- Sneak Peak works horribly. It took over thirty minutes to get a picture from my phone - and that was with a solid WiFi connection. The picture quality is very poor (certainly not the usual Galaxy S3 standard) and once again other free Android apps do a better job at this.This would be 3-star product if it were free but I can only give a 1-star rating for what's effectively a $40 worse alternative to free products out there.
Well, now that I have a MacBook Pro, IPhone and a Kindle, you'd think this works, right? NOPE. Won't mount on the MacBook Pro, and nothing for the Kindle! ?!@#!$!??!*!Mad? You bet. It doesn't work for me at all. I'd skip even that 1 star if I could...
The product info says," Norton Anti-Theft for 3-users" yes, it will allow for 3 devices, but there is only a set up for one user and one log-in and password.Besides the fact that it is not very accurate at locating a device, we tested it in the college library, what a joke! I do not recommend this at all, and besides that there are better, FREE anti-theft programs out there that DO work! (just search the web), this is really not worth buying.
This product is made to help recover lost or stolen electronic items but there are many issues with it.  I was letdown bigtime.- It only works for Androids, PCs and Macs. What the ?????? no iPhones, Kindles or Chromebooks. Strike 1.  To top things off, if someone steals your device, the thief can uninstall it.  That's strike 2 right there.- Sneak Peak is something I can't assess.  Y?  I only have iDevices.I had no choice but to give it 1 star.  I don't use android (except on my Kindle but it doesn't work on that) so that pretty much stops me in my tracks.
I am looking to replace quickbooks pro.  I would really love to replace quickbooks pro. I wish their was something available that would. I was hoping this new Sage 50 Complete was a viable replacement. However it seems that Peachtree has been bought out and Sage has turned the product in to some sort of subscription based accounting software.You will be spending much more money than the initial $200 to get started fee. At least $250 or more annually. If they had taken a similar approach to the ink jet printer market they would have offered the program for $50 and then made you shell out more to continue. However the up front cost plus the high subscription fees make this a ridiculous purchase. I will not be continuing down this path. If you have peachtree, don't upgrade unless you have to and are prepared too. If you are on quickbooks, stay on quickbooks. Make sure you know full about what you are getting in to with this Sage program. It is an accounting program that adds to their bottom line, not yours.1 star ridiculous.
It's insane to me that you have to pay over $200 for a software that can only be described as base software since you'll have to pay much more to get any use out of it.All tax tables require an additional investment and you cannot enter information manually. I have not used previous versions of this software but I understand they did allow manual data entry.I feel like this is one of those "FREE" iPad games that require you to pump more and more money into it if you want to keep playing. If you need good accounting software, I'd look elsewhere.
I was not happy with this product at all. Not only is it a memory hog, it installed a virus on my computer system, that I had to take to my IT to remove. In addition, it was hard to understand and learn. I became very frustrated with this product, until I got the virus and then I was livid. In addition, the platform for this software looks like software I used at the emergence of computers. It's slightly less than Adobe, but I'll pay for Adobe..this one is a total fail.
After nearly 20 years of training users to accept the oxymoron of clicking "Start" to shutdown, Microsoft has now completely removed the start button and created an interface that's totally unusable for Windows power users.I've been happily using Windows 7 for a couple of years and really not had any problems. It's faster and more stable than previous versions and relatively simple to use. Windows 8 on the other hand branches from all previous editions, forcing a tablet interface on laptops and desktops that's inappropriate, confusing, pointless and impossible to avoid. While you can still see a "Desktop" mode, it doesn't boot directly and there's no way to turn off the endlessly moving carousel of brightly colored squares that practically give me a seizure every time I want to find an application.Much like the way Microsoft foisted the universally hated ribbon on its audience in Office 2007 and beyond, Windows 8 grants us all the demented ideas of their questionable UI/UX team and to hell with whatever their customers wanted. I have to dive all over the screen from corner to corner to do basic operations and almost anything from "Shutdown" to setting up a printer involves more clicks, confusion, frustration and exasperation. It's really, really terrible in every way. I've used Windows all my life and know almost every little feature - but now I know how my Dad feels using a computer as I stare hopelessly lost at the screen.While Google and Apple products are getting simpler to use with every subsequent iteration (check out the Chromebook), Microsoft is headed in the opposite direction of trying to confuse all levels of its audience from amateur to expert. For some reason, MS is convinced that we're all going to be using touchscreens on our desktops so instead of moving a little mouse 2 inches at a time I have to flail my hands all over my paper-piled desk in a simultaneous effort to find a lost file and induce carpal tunnel syndrome.As for its attempt to network with other computers in your house, who cares? If you're not storing your files on Google Docs or Dropbox or streaming your music from iTunes or Amazon, you're doing it wrong. As for stability, it's a staggering leap back to the flimsy days of Vista, with a newly revamped blue screen of death to brighten your morning a few times a week. It's fast but that's more due to the extraordinarily powerful microprocessors in my PC rather than the near 10 seconds it takes me find absolutely anything on the godawful operating system.Coincidentally, Office 2013 has an equally atrocious UI that will have you begging to revert to Office 2003. I've not used a piece of software this bad since the Ask toolbar got bundled with a Java upgrade. Someone at Microsoft needs to be fired for this - if desktops are in decline, this version of Windows will be remembered as one of the larger, rustier nails in the coffin. Avoid at all costs unless you're one of the few who own a Surface tablet.
You will be sorry.I downloaded the Windows 8 upgrade Thursday evening into Friday morning.Yes, the download took several hours on my 3Mbs DSL line. After the download, it took another 3 hours to install the Windows 8 Pro over my Vista Business OS.After that was done, I was faced with a very foreign user interface. There was no help offered to ease the transition. I finally figured out that the Windows key on my keyboard would present me with a desktop. No Start button, just a bunch of new Apps.The upgrade did not preserve any of my old apps, so I must reload Office, my scanning software, Adobe Reader and all my other apps.The new Internet Explorer won't let me use my old email system. Apparently there are some default browser settings that won't let me open the newer att.net mail, so I am using the old version.What's the deal with Windows mail? I tried registering, but it keeps telling me that I am already registered and must use some existing password that it apparently emails to my new Windows email account that I can't log into.The resemblance to Widows XP, or Vista is lost to me. This new Wibdows 8 more closely resembles Android, except I find Android easier to use. Maybe because my tablet has a touch screen and a voice command interface. I'm told Windows 8 is designed for a touch screen interface, but my PC does not have that. Actually, now that I think of it, I had fewer troubles adapting to Linux and Unix when I first strarted using them.I suppose I'll get used to it, but for now, I am using my older PC thst still has XP installed. Even though it is an older PC, I can get a lot more done, more quickly.I'll turn on my newer PC when I have more time to figure things out. For now, I'll stick with XP.
=============================My Final Opinion On Windows 8=============================I've plugged in the Windows 7 drive to access things on it, and I really don't want to plug the Windows 8 drive back in (even though I could simply take the cables out of one and put them into the other directly below it). Windows 8 really is a lame operating system; it should come in both desktop and handheld device versions, not a hybrid all-purpose version, but that's just my opinion. I gave it a fair chance...I got "used" to it...and still, I think it's a horrible implementation. I feel like I'm working from one convenient location again.=============Previously...=============I just need to add one more edit. My install is still fresh, yet I've come to a snag that has brought my system to a screeching halt. I'm unable to boot up at this point, and although it says "Preparing Automatic Repair," no repairs are taking place. Enough trying to look for the good in Windows 8. It really is garbage. The start screen is stupid, and it has no place on a desktop machine. I guess it's time to install everything from scratch again, but that's okay, since I didn't get around to installing more than a couple of programs before this happened anyway. So lame.I drop it down to one star, because the description for one star is considered "I hate it," and I do. Even if this was working without incident, that when a product works as expected, that doesn't count toward an opinion of the OS. It really has been unproductive, inconsistent, inefficient and quite unnecessary in regards to what it has to offer.==============Prior Opinion:==============I like the operating system now that I turned the house upside down looking for my upgrade path. I haven't had a single issue with performance.There are things I think need much refinement with Windows 8, and all of it has to do with the transitional elements. Though I've figure out where the options are that I wanted to manipulate, it was nowhere near being an intuitive process. The new Start Screen is like sitting on the internet all day; you get all the pointless fluff you would browse through on the internet, all in one place; only now instead of doing it at your convenience, your online presence is announced to the world the moment you log in to Windows 8.I have the internet, but I don't keep important files on the computers that are connected - I only goof around on this [Windows 8] one. So what does this mean for our work computers? I'm not sure yet, as those are still on previous versions, but I've got to wonder what good live tiles are going to be on a computer that isn't linked to the world.One common annoyance is when I go for the top of the scroll bar on the right side of any scrolling window, the charms menu pops out and is quite distracting.Anyway, this is a great operating system for goofing around.===================================================================12 of 15 people found the two-star review helpful below this point.===================================================================I bought this and opened it before Amazon added "- UPGRADE" to the title. Yes I read the upgrade notes, but I figured it was a message indicating that if I choose to upgrade a current installation, that my programs and their settings would remain intact after the process; there was no indication that I could not do a clean install on a new hard drive. I thought it was a great deal at almost seventy dollars being offered to entice those of us early-adopters who may be holding off because of all the updates and downloads that would be needed down the road. Well, it's still seventy dollars. Had they just put that down as the MSRP, I would have questioned it being a full version.Although it has been made clear since, I am still stuck with an upgrade disk, which so far I'm not getting to use. Under normal circumstances I wouldn't ding a product that I haven't used, but I zoomed in on the pictures to make sure it was a full version and I didn't see "Upgrade" marked on the packaging, and that is Microsoft's fault, so yes, this product gets one star from me.I have searched for a full version, and still this comes up as the most expensive Win 8 Pro at the MSRP of $199.99 - why would anyone have thought this isn't the full version?I am furiously unhappy.
I have been a user of PaintShop Pro for years.  It has been a low-cost option for those wanting an image editor without spending a fortune for Adobe Photoshop.  Since its inception by Jasc many years ago PaintShop Pro has undergone numerous revisions and has eventually been taken over by Corel corporation, famous for their own previously competing image editor Corel PhotoPaint.  Corel has taken what used to be a simple, easy-to-use, inexpensive image editor in PaintShop Pro and turned it into a bloated but fully-featured product which now resembles Corel PhotoPaint more than it resembles PaintShop Pro.I won't discuss all the features of PaintShop Pro X5 since they are listed in the product description.  Suffice it to say X5 is a powerful image editor that allows you to organize your photos & other images, enhance, and modify them to your heart's content.  It is compatible with Adobe Photoshop plug-ins and can do most everything that Photoshop can do and more.  This version of PaintShop Pro comes also with another program called FaceFilter Studio 2 which is supposed to enable you to make easy modification of portrait photos.  A large collection of add-ons come with the software including extra fonts, images, stock photos, etc.  If you register your software you can also download some additional plug-ins for PaintShop Pro including Kai's Power Tools, additional brushes, photo frames, gradients, etc. all for free (why these were not simply included with the product on CD I don't understand since they are free to download).  All of this comes at a competitive price which is currently about $95 from Amazon.  So why do I not recommend this product?  Read on.PaintShop Pro X5 arrives in a box containing two CDs and nothing else.  There is not so much as a piece of paper included to help you with the software installation or provide some basic usage instruction.  A sticker attached to the inside of box directs you to Corel's web site for assistance.  Corel does not bother to even provide product assistance on the CD.  Instead, any help with usage of the software, no matter how basic, requires internet access so you can go online to their web site.  Software this complex should have either printed or installed help file documentation that comes with it.  One should not have to go to Corel's web site or purchase a third party book to learn how to use a software product.  This has become a recurring theme since Corel took over PaintShop Pro.The software registration numbers are printed on the CD sleeves.  Don't lose them because they are printed nowhere else.  Even worse, the FaceFilter Studio 2 CD in my version of PaintShop Pro X5 had a serial number printed in such a way that the software would not recognize the serial number.  As it turns out, which you will not know unless you either search Corel's online FAQ or use your one warranty email to request assistance (more on that later), some of the products were manufactured with printed serial numbers that should not include the first several letters when trying to register the software.  According to Corel customer support: "SKRRFF2 is just the prefix of the FaceFilter Studio2 serial number. This prefix should not to be included when you install this plug-in from the 2nd DVD in the box set."Corel's customer support is largely non-existent.  They offer "90 day" software support but you can only contact them once, by email, for assistance with installation.  They will get back with you in 6-12 hours after that.  After that you are on your own unless you want to pay for support.  All other support is via their FAQ documentation on their web site.  There is no 800 number to call or on-line chat support unless you want to pay.  It is the worst software customer support system I have ever encountered.Once you do get the software installed, which I eventually did accomplish after wasting hours trying to get FaceFilter Studio 2 to accept my registration number, you will discover that PaintShop Pro X5 has a service pack to install.  While it's nice they are updating their software it is not reassuring that they released a new product with so many problems that it requires an immediate service pack.  When you run PaintShop Pro X5 it automatically accesses your pictures library in My Documents (on Windows, anyway) and loads the first photo it encounters.  You have to purposely close the library and make other software adjustments in the preferences file to get it not to do that.  It has three main tabs - Manage, Adjust, and Edit - that you switch between depending upon whether or not you want to organize your images, do basic adjustments, or use the full editor.  It is maddening trying to figure out how to do anything with the software even for someone very accustomed to using image editors.  You can make some basic adjustments in the Adjust section, but I could find no way to resize images from there.  And it does not retain the adjustments if you want to move from one tab to the next.  I found it was easiest for me to make Edit the default tab when the software loads since it allows the most control over your images.  From the Edit tab you have the most control over your image editing and can access all of your installed plug-ins.  Those used to using prior editions of PaintShop Pro will not have much difficulty using these features.  But anyone who is new to image editing software would be completely lost trying to figure out how to use this product.  Again, software this complex really requires some detailed instructions for use, preferably in print.In summary, PaintShop Pro X5 has a lot of features for its price.  But unless you have experience with prior versions of PaintShop Pro you will be totally lost trying to figure out how to use this software.  Even experienced users will find it frustrating and confusing to use in many areas.  You will find the customer support to be the worst in the industry.  Corel makes a very good product in PaintShop Pro but shows no interest in helping their consumers to make best use of it.  I cannot recommend purchasing this product.
This product has caused me more frustration than any other i have used in quite a while.Shortly after installing this my computer slowed down...a lot.I am not running this on some slow computer but rather one with the following specsi7 3930k 6 core cpu @ 3.8Ghz , 32GB of ram @ 1600mhz , EVGA 670 FTW 2GB Graphics Card , 1TB Western Digital Caviar Black Hard driveGiven all this you would think nothing would slow me down but NOPE,found something that could,good old Mcafee!Not only did this slow me down but after 20 minutes of using the program my pc restarted thanks to a blue screen.After uninstalling Mcafee my pc was running perfectly again so i knew 100% for sure it was that which caused the issues.As for the products features i can say that the menus were easy to navigate for the short time i did use it BEFORE IT GAVE ME A BSOD.My advice is to use Norton and stay away from anything Mcafee makes.
I used McAfee antivirus programs for the last few years, and after last year, I swore I'd never use them again. Main complaint was that they removed my favorite feature, SiteAdvisor, which puts a simple icon next to search engine results that tell you whether the website has been checked by McAfee and has any security issues. I found this to be a very useful tool, and McAfee removed it last year to try to sell it separately. After trying two different antivirus programs in the last couple of months (Bit Defender & VIPRE Internet Security), I gave up and went for McAfee again this year after finding out SiteAdvisor is included in this version.Installation went perfectly smooth... there isn't any CD, but rather download instructions for getting the latest copy from McAfee's website. This is fine with me, however it seems ridiculous that they give you an entire cardboard box just to hold a single piece of paper.One thing I immediately noticed is the software seemed a bit slower then last year. Browsing through files seemed sluggish and even SiteAdvisor seemed to take an extra second or two to display the results. The Firewall is just as useless as always, as a popup is displayed asking if you want to allow a program to access the internet... as the program is accessing the internet. Just for kicks, I told it 'no' one time, and it still didn't stop the program. About a week after installation, the software received an update that locked up the firewall entirely... none of my programs could get through. Tech support at McAfee was actually surprising thorough and persistent, but they couldn't figure the problem out, and I didn't have enough time to keep trying out solutions. I disabled the firewall, and still have not re-enabled it.About two weeks ago, McAfee All Access received an update that required a restart. Upon restarting, things went downhill quickly. My entire computer ran just fine, with exception of file browsing, my internet browser, and my email program... programs that seem dominated by McAfee's attention. Things would randomly lock up, requiring me to wait 5-7 seconds before being able to continue. It didn't happen too often, but it was getting very frustrating. I finally received another update the other day, expecting this update to fix the last one, but I was completely wrong. The problem got FAR worse. My email program would lock up for several minutes upon opening... I would end up forcing it to close. I disabled McAfee's live scanning, and the problem was gone, so I would have to temporarily disable McAfee each time I wanted to check my email. Yesterday, I found my browser BADLY stumbling, to the point where browsing was nearly impossible. Every time a 'stumbling issue' would occur, I opened up Window's task manager to see what program was taking up so much resources, and it was McAfee every time. I finally disabled McAfee's live scanning permanently, and the problem is completely gone.The one thing I hate about SiteAdvisor is its insistence on keeping a toolbar on the bottom of your browser. This toolbar includes a search field and icons for accessing SiteAdvisor and its options. There is no way to remove it (I've searched). The only option is to close out the bare each time I open my browser.McAfee All Access's function on my computer has now been reduced to SiteAdvisor and weekly scans. Like previous years, McAfee's software is not something you can install and forget about, as they frequently have updates that exhibit extremely negative effects on your system. It may work reasonably well one day, but the next could be vastly different. This will be my last year for McAfee... if I miss SiteAdvisor, I'll purchase it separately.-----------UPDATE: It's been a week since I received the update that made this software completely unusable and there still hasn't been any updates to fix the problem, despite the fact that I found complaints elsewhere on the internet regarding other people with the exact same problem. Although live scanning is turned off, I found that when restarting my computer, McAfee All Access still goes through the same startup procedure that affects my computer the same way as living scanning does... slowing it to a crawl and making programs lock up sporadically for the first 5 or so minutes. I finally uninstalled the program entirely, and the problem is now gone.In addition, I originally gave this program 2 stars, which I thought was generous due to the fact that it runs so poorly, however I liked SiteAdvisor, so I figured it was worth something. My opinion has now changed... I noticed a banner across a few webpages I was browsing, but didn't take much note of it (figuring it was part of the website's advertisements), however browsing a site I've frequented before, I spotted the banner again and took notice of it... it was an ADVERTISEMENT for Ebates from MCAFEE!!! So now McAfee includes adware with their software that's suppose to remove adware??? McAfee calls it 'Safe Shopping Rewards'. A quick stop at Google and I found that I wasn't the only one outraged at this. Not to mention there's a 'problem' with the ads that make it so that you can't close them sometimes (I had this problem myself for nearly half the ads that popped up). McAfee confirmed that you cannot remove these ads without removing SiteProtect. Shame on McAfee for putting adware in software they claim protects you from adware... not to mention the most expensive software available.I will never waste my time with anything McAfee sells again.
What a friggin NIGHTMARE! And that is being kind. I have wanted this program for over 5 years but was always too cheap to buy it....Enter Vine allowing me to try it for free. Now for free I should be 100% satisfied right? Well sorry. I get this installed and did NOT appreciate needing to enter the registration code twice to get it to work. No, but that was just the beginning. Had a bit of trouble getting this to hear my provided/included microphone & headset. FINALLY it seems to "hear me". So we begin training.Well I may be trained but THIS? Nope. Now I have spent 1 full hour repeating the 1st training sentence over & over & OVER but the program will not advance. I know it hears me since it shows my voice in green as opposed to the yellow when silent. I finally give up and call tech support. Get a really nice guy actually who speaks good enough English too. He asks me all the endless questions and then gets to my computer. Says, "OH! You have a laptop"? I answer why yes, I do. He has me look up my sound-card which is the very, ULTRA common Realtek High Definition Sound Card and says "OH NO, our software is not compatible with your card"!I do my best ever moment of self control & tell him I will just return this software as it is insane. He says he "perfectly respects my decision" and I hang up. I then go and unplug their headset and try again. To my surprise it hears (but barely) my laptops built in mic! So then I go and buy a cheapo Radio Shack mic only and plug it in. SUCCESS! So I give this program (so far) 3 stars for it's use and will update this review up OR down as I try working out software glitches as I continue exploring.....I give tech support a MINUS 5! Just no excuse for their stupidity and I am glad I taped my call in case they ever follow up on just a dumb as well as misguided response by the "support" staff. I read a great review here from someone called  Charles Bittner "Disabled comedian & gamer!" I only give this a 3 stars (for now) based upon the HOPE I got from reading his review. As a disabled old guy myself, I could really use this program and hope I find the success Chuck Bittner did. If I do, I will raise my review but if not I will lower it as it deserves. I waited so many YEARS to try this I find it a shame that I got off to such a horrible start. Maybe MY bad start and experiences can help others by sharing them? Time will tell.____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Update: I never tried so hard in my 64 years to give an item a break. But after all the time "learning", jumping through far too many hoops I have simply never seen ANY product fail on so many levels in my life.....The free Microsoft system that does the same thing is vastly better and doesn't mess up my computer in any way. With this? I can say a simple "the dog is yellow" and it will type "the moon is swell"!  It is 100% USELESS. If I had paid money for this I would be suicidal at this point so maybe that will lend some credence to just how bad it fails for me. Even for free I feel like a victim.Again, If I ever see any improvement I will return to this and explain what the trouble was. In the meantime, I beg you, do NOT waste your money. Try to try it for free first somehow.UPDATE, June 19 2013: This program has now been removed from my gaming desktop, gaming laptop, and everyday high end laptop as it has failed me on them all. ALL these computers are new and purchased within the past 12 months, are considered higher end with high end components. I have no explanation as to why I am unable to make it work.I even ALSO tried it on my wife's old 32 Bit Windows 7 computer with the same failures. Sorry, but I have given up and tossed this software into the trash as required by Vine if "disposing" of an item.
Because the title or name of this product is Quicken Legal Business Pro 2013, one would naturally expect some sort of Form program that might resemble a MS Excel type of capability to create your own forms that could easily be used for a home business or whatever someone may need to design and create their own forms. This package just doesn't live up to my minimal expectations. At first glace upon loading or installing it, the entire program seems cheap and low budget. Creating your own form would be impractical simple because the tools needed to design anything above the simplest forms aren't there. After playing around with it I decided I would no longer afford the disk space needed to keep it loaded on my system, so I uninstalled it. I'm sorry, but this program is not worth the money, even if it were being offered free. I am completely familar with Excel and can whip out professional documents in less than half the time it would take on this program, even if it had ten times the available tools. Very poorly made and designed, just seems like someone in their garage wanted to throw something out there to make a buck. I'm surprised Quicken would even use their name on such a piece of junk.
I must agree with the other reviewers. While QuickBooks is an outstanding program (I have used the Windows version of this product for years and years), this version for Mac is so buggy that I uninstalled it in under three extremely frustrating hours. At one point I was near tears and checked the other reviews here ... I must admit, I felt better knowing that this was not an isolated incident. And, yet, I also felt perturbed that this was not an isolated incident. It may be that this product was not properly beta-tested? (It seems that something is inherently wrong when so many consumers present the same issues).But, all is not lost. I still trust QuickBooks and will continue to use it ... for Windows. (It is such an intuitive, user-friendly program that I would not dream of switching to anything else). I am in agreement with some reviewers in believing that Mac software (across-the-board) does seem to get less beta-testing and does seem "buggier" than PC software. As a user of both platforms, I have no prejudices against or for either. Nonetheless, I have found that my most frustrating experiences have occurred on my Mac. So, my plea to QuickBooks (and other software companies) is to give Mac users some love and beta-test a little more thoroughly.
This installed easily (though rather slowly). However, after importing my ING/Capital One 360 accounts, I immediately noticed there was a problem -- every single balance was at zero! The only account that did import properly was from my credit union. Mint is free and far more accurate, in my opinion.
I gave up on Quicken about 5 years because of buggy issues but I decided to give this version a try since it appeared to have changed.In baseball you get 3 strikes and you're out and this program earned all 3 in the first 45 minutes:1.  Installation was easy enough, at least for the first 5 minutes.  Endless updates and roughly 20 minutes later it finally finished.  That sets a record for program installation lag time and was even slower than some other programs I had to download first before installation.2.  If I want ads for free credit reports and the like on my desktop I'll ask for them.  Otherwise, I'd prefer not.  Since I'm using Windows 8 it not only placed icons on my desktop but added tiles to the 8 app area.3.  Downloaded bank info easily enough but refused my brokerage accounts.  Each time it went through the process of recognizing individual stocks, bonds, etc but then gave each one a grand total of zero.4.  Add another strike for good measure, here.  I had files created with another, earlier version of Quicken (2011) and while it appeared to actually open them it really didn't -- it went through the gestures and then failed and opened up some mess that was nothing close to what was saved.In short, if there are attributes I couldn't find them and I cannot recommend this program.Sort of odd given that I do use Quicken Essentials for Mac and have no problem with it.
Mine wouldn't load at all. I tried it on more than one computer. The computers are all fine, the product just won't work. I ran antivirus and malware detecters after I tried to load it just to make sure. I would recommend doing the same thing if you have the same issue.
Edit: 2/28/13 - I have 500+ days of subscription left on my account but I am finding a new AV program anyway.  I have retracted my original review as I have had nothing but problems with this software.  Here is a small sample of the problems you will encounter if you buy this program:1) Without Norton installed, my computer boots in seconds.  With Norton installed, it takes over 2 min for Norton to load and "allow" me network and Internet access.2) If you are familiar with Firefox downloads, you know the program creates a ".part" file until the program has completed downloading.  Norton scans this partial download for no logical reason and deletes anything suspicious.  Even if I override the file as safe, it still locks up all my directories so no changes can be made until I restart my computer.3) For YEARS I have hassled with support to no avail as Norton blocks legitimate programs from functioning correctly.  After four years I finally found a support tech who sounded like he understood the issue.  He said he would pass the problem to engineering but the problem still has not been fixed.4) Many updates, particularly files that are custom compiled for registered users are blocked by Norton (i.e. FRAPS, Casper, etc...)  Since the file is unique to each registered user with a built in license, Norton identifies the file as a potential threat and removes it.5) Norton tamper protection blocks legitimate programs like Roboform and EA's Origin update client from installing correctly.6) Even when I intentionally disable functions (i.e. tamper protection) so I can get around Norton's interference, Norton continues to operate and block the false positives.  This is the kind of stuff malware does.No more Symantec, I have gone over and over these issues in excruciating detail with your clueless support staff yet nothing ever changes and nothing is ever fixed.  I have no evidence to show "feedback" and "support" have fixed any of these issues after years and many wasted hours of trying to get these problems fixed.
At first glance, this software seems loaded with features. Interface looks relatively simple to use, sure there will be some learning curve, but the actual layout looks intuitive.Unfortunately, the words "looks" and "seems" are all I can use to describe this software. After many, many attempts and two full weeks of reading Pinnacle's Knowledge base, I have yet to get it to successfully run. So I simply can't use it. I've tried everything they suggested on their help pages. Reinstall, update drivers, download latest patch, change folder names in the AppData folders, etc and I still get the "NGstudio Error" which, according to their site is a "general error".From their support pages they suggest you rename a folder in AppData. If that doesn't work they link you to another page that does stuff you have no doubt already tried. Reinstall, etc. So, logic says you then move to actual tech support right? Nope, you see, when you pay for this product they seem to think it's ok to then charge you again for the privilege of getting to ask them a question. That is a definite 100% turn off for me.This may be decent software, heck it may even be really good software, but I'll never know. I am out of ideas to get it to work, and honestly out of patience to keep trying. There are many other video editing software options out there. I'd strongly suggest looking at those instead of this.Thankfully this was a review copy for me and I am out no money. If I was out actual cash I'd be much more angry. This will be filed in the circular file cabinet and taken to a landfill soon.
I have recently been usingPhoto and Video Pro Suitefor several weeks now. It is an inexpensive program that has more options than I will ever even used. In fact, I could not be much more impressed with that software (for my somewhat limited personal needs). Therefore, I thought this Pinnacle software would far surpass my wildest expectations ... it is much more expensive and seemingly has endless options that sounded exciting to explore. I was ready to start experimenting!Well, the reality wasn't as rosy.While thePhoto and Video Pro SuiteI was using never froze, this one froze on four (extremely) frustrating occasions. (After the first incident, I did close all other open programs). After the fourth, I elected to remove the software entirely and then ran CCleaner just as a precautionary measure. (There is something about this software that I simply do not like, and I felt more at peace by running the CCleaner ... even though I know that sounds extreme).And, when I briefly had it working, in no way is it "user-friendly." What's more, I have used Pinnacle in previous years and I have never experienced comparable annoyance and problems. One wonders if they have become complacent (they have had success in the past) or if they failed to beta-test this  software. Nonetheless, this topic is  moot: I do not believe the average consumer will wonder what went wrong with Pinnacle, they will only know they are out over $100.00. And, in this economy, no one can afford to "throw away" $100.00.As a final note, believe ALL of these posts about non-existent, gratis customer support. Who charges their customers when the flaw resides in their own product? The reps need to learn the difference between a person inept using the program and a person genuinely disappointed and in need of guidance for a program the company created.
I was under the impression that I could install VM Programs on my Mac and then run some of my favorite Windows XP programs (Quicken, OmniPage, OmniForm ans WordPerfect). I own all of the disks and licenses for these products. When I replaced my Dell running on Windows XP Professional with my Mac I kept these prorgams, but because the Dell crashed and I lost everythng on the hard drive, I saved my hard drive and brought the broken unit to recycling. My Dell Windows XP disk will not work with this product. On page 10 of the VMware Fusion 5 for Mac OS X instruction booklet, I obtained the following important instructions, information I should have had prior to opening the box: "NOTE you must have a valid Windows product key. It is on the sticker attached to the packaging for the Windos operating system CD-ROM. VMware does not provide the product key. Windows CDs included with a previous physical computer might be locked to that machine and might not work."Alas, my Dell Windows XP OS is locked and doesn't work.The package heralds "Run Windows Programs on your Mac." alas, it doesn't tell you the rest of the story.
Whatever method I used to install the program either webpage, USB, or DVD it would not load I'm running a Mac Mini 10.7.2 and every time i try to open the image I get an error message so not much to review since it never actually ran for me. Wish I could get it to run but no success.
I can't comment on the pros and cons of this video editing software because I never could get it to install on my computer(kept getting an error message., even after numerous emails to Cyberlink customer service. They are literally the worst I have dealt with for any problem I've had to call to get help. You virtually have to jump through hoops just to get anywhere and then they treat you like you're a criminal. First, I contacted amazon back and they said I need to contact Cyberlink,  before they replace the software. And by criminal I mean they first wanted me to take a picture of the error message I was getting and email it to them. I did and then they said they never received it, even though I've sent hundreds of pictures via email before and never had a problem. They accused me of trying to pull a fast one. Yeah, I'm sure I'm going to waste my time making up a story than I'm getting an error message from my video editing software so I can get a free one when I'm more than willing to send the defective copy back. Jeez.Secondly, they wanted to see proof that I had purchased this from amazon and that I had contacted amazon about the problem. And while all of this is going on they are not getting in any hurry to respond.... as in several days between responses, each time making this stretch out for about 2 montsh total. The bottom line is cyberlink sucks **** and would not replace the disc. But yet they told me to send the disc back and they would replace it. Well, after 2 weeks of waiting I contacted them, yet again, wanting to know where the replacement was and they said that not only did they not receive the defective disc back, but they had no record of me ever contacting them. WHAT?! A CROCK!! Talk about criminals! So, I told them they can take the defective disc and their awful customer service and see if it will fit between the crack of their "beep". Never ever again will I own a Cyberlink product, even if it's free. In the end amazon couldn't help me out because I received this product free in the first place as part of amazon's vine review program and since amazon didn't have any more to send I was S.O.L. Pray you don't get a defective product from Cyberlink(and pay good money for it) because there's a good chance you'll go through the same crap with them I did. Avoid Cyberlink!
Symantec's Norton Series has always had a very good reputation, but I must publish an opposing view for the Norton 360 MULTI-DEVICE suite of programs.  When I tried to install them the first thing that happened was that it went into mortal combat with my Kaspersky security system - removing it all with no way to recover.  Several repeated attempts to install Norton also failed. I couldn't find the advertised support telephone number and I was not helped on line.Maybe other buyers will have better luck.  Mabe my copy is just defective.  Whatever, I'm going back to using Kaspersky' Internet Security. I've used them for years without any problems.I would suggest that potentials buyers check other Norton reviews before making a purchase.
Like the other norton software i have used, i installed on 2 computers. both felt like they were rfunning at half speed. the services that were running in the back ground were incredible. it was a memory ram hog!!Internet was super slow too.. it was like others had said - like dialup.I called customer service and the person on the other end was kurt, rude, and not wanting to talk to me at all.I dislike the software, the customer support, and the product. Everything.Im beginning to doubt these types of sftware.. and think maybe they are guilded malware.
I've used various Norton products since the 1990s and have used their utilities/tools packages before.  However, their software became increasingly demanding on system resources and sometimes caused problems for other programs.  So I started trying other products, like Registry Mechanic and iolo lab's System Mechanic.I was interested in trying this latest version of Norton out after using competing products for the last several years.  It didn't win me back over.  I find the iolo System Mechanic interface easier to navigate, and their software doesn't cause any problems.  Norton's package, on the other hand, sometimes seems to go too far when it cleans things up, causing problems.  For example, I set Norton's latest loose on a three-year old build recently.  (I build my own PCs.)  It's an AMD Phenom II 965BE-based machine running Windows 7 Professional.  I allowed Norton Utilities to make some of its suggested changes.  Then various programs stopped working.  Norton deleted several .dll files that it contended were extraneous.  However, programs needed them.  Adobe Reader stopped working, among others.  I had to repair several program installations after allowing Norton to savage my system.  I never had a similar problem with System Mechanic or Registry Mechanic.Worse, I have a SSD (solid state drive) in that build.  Norton Utilities wants to defragment it!  You don't defragment SSDs.  iolo lab's software recognizes SSDs, treats them appropriately, and can even perform proper optimization on them.  Norton, on the other hand, wants to treat SSDs like mechanical hard disks.  Bad news.  Norton badly needs to improve their software to address newer technologies.The Norton software doesn't seem as resource intensive now, but it just doesn't compare to other products I've used recently in terms of general trustworthiness.  Burn me once, shame on you.  Burn me twice, Norton, shame on me.  Install at your own risk.  I'm going to be removing this software from my PC promptly, hoping that it didn't do more damage than what I'm already aware of.
This product will wreck your computer no matter what you do. I was running Kasperski Internet Security 2013 so I uninstalled it to prevent any conflicts. Once the anti-virus was removed completely I installed the Norton utilities 16 and I almost throw the computer against the wall. There were so many "errors" and "malfunctions" that were corrected and after it Norton was done much of the information was either gone or altered.I know for a fact my machine was not in such a bad state, I've had it for 6 months. It took me a couple of days to undo the "repairs" of Norton Utilities. My computer was definitely worse after I installed this product, I had to dig deep into my backup drive to figure out what was lost, what was changed and were did everything go because the data was sent all over the hard drive.This was supposed to be a fixer not a wrecker!
It was not without a small bit of trepidation, yet also a bit of curiosity that I installed what must be the latest version of Norton Utilities.Over the years I watched as it grew into virtually ineffective bloatware. Not only did the tools seem to have lost their efficacy, they frequently caused more problems than they solved, and nearly always slowed down any computer to a crawl.Now it seems to have been pared down, the "dashboard" has been streamlined to simplicity, compared to other Symantec products that are flashy and busy apparently just because they can.Instead of too much information, it provides the bare minimum of what's going on. I suppose this saves processor power and speeds things up, but it also demands more trust  from the user.I decided to let it run and see what it would do for the uninitiated. Bad idea.The initial pass produced the expected results: Not only did it "cure 6,000+ registry problems without an explanation, all my saved passwords, automatic logins, and recently opened document lists were gone. In the name of security, I suppose. I suppose this is a good thing, but for a single user computer not on a network it's just inconvenient.It did some strange things to Firefox as well; now it seems that the bookmarks toolbar keeps disappearing.Not only that, it messed with Control Panel, removing items I use frequently, adding ones ("Fonts"??) I will likely never use.After it did its thing with the initial scan, I notice in one report it said "Previous Startup: 0:13. Current Startup: 0:43" Nice job, Norton. I still have yet to discover what has been "improved".Running a defrag seems to have provided no performance improvement.So I uninstalled it, and now it will not let me do a system restore. From any date. I have never experienced this problem before. So I go to uninstall and it tells me it will take  5 hours to uninstall, five hours before I find out if I can get all my bookmarks and shortcuts back. I have done this before, but it's been awhile. Amazon lured me in to share and spare you the pain. And nothing was changed, except Norton semed to be gone, but I know for certain it is not.As usual Norton Utilities seems to break more than it fixes. Do your homework, people, learn how to tune your PC yourself. Don't think a sledgehammer Swiss Army Knife will make all your problems go away.I really have nothing good to say about something that causes these many changes in the name of "performance improvements"Read the Wikipedia article for further external reviews and suggestions for 3rd party system tools that actually work. I think if people want the most from their PC's, they should become a little more skilled at understanding even the most basic operations, and realize that even the built-in Microsoft tools do a far better and certainly less invasive job, or at least be able to recognize the instant when there familiar PC world has changed, and they have no clue how to get back..In fact, the claims on both the box and the product description......"Fixes common PC problems and helps keep your computer running fast and trouble-free.Finds and fixes Microsoft Windows issues to prevent PC freezes, crashes, and slow downs.Scans for potential problems that can cause your hard drive to crash.Helps you "rescue" accidentally deleted or damaged files that may still be hidden on your hard drive.Boosts your PC's performance and helps it run like new again.Lets you turn off services and programs Windows automatically loads at startup, so your PC gets up and running faster.Safely defragments, repairs, and optimizes your Windows registry to help programs load faster and boost overall PC performance.Frees up PC memory, so you can run more programs simultaneously, without slow downs or crashes.Cleans up your hard drive to help it run faster and give you more room for your stuff.Reorganizes (optimizes) files that are scattered across your hard drive, so your PC can find them faster.Finds all the duplicate files, so you can remove them.Removes the programs you don't use.Keeps your online activity private and helps prevent your personal information from being stolen.Permanently erases all record of your Web activities, so others can't see what you do online.Lets you completely and permanently erase old, unwanted, and unneeded personal stuff, so no one can access or retrieve it.".... totally  reminded me of the "Badtimes" virus hoax- one of the first-  and as it turns out, are almost representative if what NU actually does:(Sorry to take the space, but if you have never seen this one, it's worth it.)"It will rewrite your hard drive and scramble any disks that are even close to your computer.It will recalibrate your freezer's coolness setting so all your ice cream melts.It will demagnetize the strips on all your credit cards, screw up the tracking on your VCR, and use subspace field harmonics to render any CDs you try to play unreadable.It will give your ex-boy/girlfriend/ex-husband/wife your new phone number.It will mix antifreeze into your fishtank.It will drink all your beer and leave its socks out on the coffee table when company comes over.It will put a kitten in the back pocket of your good suit and hide your car keys when you are late for work.Badtimes will make you fall in love with a penguin.It will give you nightmares about circus midgets.It will pour sugar in your gas tank and shave off both your eyebrows while dating your current boy/girlfriend behind your back and billing the dinner and hotel room to your Visa card.It moves your car randomly around parking lots so you can't find it.It will tease your dog.It will leave strange messages on your boss's voicemail in your voice.It is insidious and subtle. It is dangerous and terrifying to behold. It is also a rather interesting shade of mauve.Badtimes will give you Dutch Elm disease.It will leave the toilet seat up.It will make a batch of methamphetamine in your bathtub and leave bacon cooking on the stove while it goes out to chase high school kids with your snowblower.These are just a few of the signs. Be very, very afraid!"In any case, do some homework, don't merely trust a brand name that used to signify quality, and please continue to avoid NU.
I was never able to get this product to work. I attempted several times to set it up, but to no success. The product appeared to be a trial version. A horrible one at that. After several failed installation (which by the way crashed my operating system twice) attempts I finally got the product to install. And then it wanted the product key. I entered the product key that was provided in the package. The program said the product key was incorrect. I verified it and reentered it. It said it was wrong again. I re-verified and reentered the provided product key a 3rd time. The message "the product key entered is incorrect" presented itself again. I shrugged it off, re-verified the key as correct and reentered it. A message appeared stating that I have activated the program on too many devices and that I was no longer allowed to "install" the program and that I would be allotted 30 days as a trial period after which I would have to purchase a key. In the end, I never got the product to activate. The trial version was absolutely horrible. The program appears to be primitive and highly limited in its ability to function. Eventually I removed it as it loved to crash my Windows 7 operating system. On a scale from one to ten, I would give this product a negative eight. The only reason I didn't give it a negative ten is because it came in a fancy, pretty box
I have been a regular user of Microsoft's Office products since acquiring my first desktop back in 1986. I have come to rely on them, particularly on the WORD program which I use most often, for many things. Each version has been, in some functional ways, an improvement over the one before it - until now. This Office Professional 2013 Office Suite is, from my point of view, a disaster.I downloaded and installed it with the Key Card provided. The process took over 1/2 hour using a brand new laptop with ample HD space and RAM. Once loaded in, I went to open the WORD function. After nearly 20 minutes, a screen indicating that the program was "Streaming"continued to run across my computer screen. Finally, I figured something had gone amiss with the install, so following the directions ( a total of three sentences on a small card enclosed in the box) I ran the "Repair" function. The Repair screen, I presume without intentional irony, says, "Please be patient. This may take a few minutes." An hour later, it was still running.When I need WORD, I need it right then,not after a prolonged period of "Streaming" from wherever Microsoft's clouds are. The process was infuriating.  live phone support and information online that answers very few useful questions, I gave up and uninstalled the program.Previous versions of the Office Suites presented no such obstacles. They installed from reliable CD-ROMs and always worked perfectly. Sure, there are always new 'learning curves' involved in mastering each new version - but the previous versions all worked. This one is a real loser and the best/worst example I have run across in many years that just because something is new, it is not necessarily an improvement.NOTE: I received this program at no cost through the Amazon Vine Program to use and review. Ordinarily, a review of this type of software would receive a lot more attention to technical details. If I could get it to work, I might do so- But I couldn't so I can't.If I HAD paid for it, I would return it immediately.Office 2010 is an entirely user-friendly product (as was 2007 before it.) Either one would be a tremendous improvement for almost any purpose I can imagine. Save your money. This Office Suite is worth neither the cost nor the time.
If I have to recommend Office, I'd recommend Office 2010. They made many improvements in 2010, and it runs like greased lightning on an Atom powered Netbook. Office 2013, on the other hand, crawls on the same laptop that ran Office 2010 perfectly fine (Core 2 Duo P8400 2.26 GHz, 4GB DDR3). Office 2013 also has visual improvements that slow down Excel to the point I am waiting for my cursor to move over after using the arrow keys about 10 seconds ago. Shutting off the visual improvements helps, but it takes an extra 3-5 seconds to open up Office applications or files. Outlook 2013 is even slower.The cool aspect of Office 2013 is that the applications have a more simplified look and feel, but that is about it. I see no benefit to upgrade 2010 to 2013, and I actually had 3 more licenses that I could use but won't be upgrading all of my computers after evaluating 2013 on my main computer. Office 2010 is what I'll be using and recommending.Overall: 1 out of 5 stars. Change for the sake of change, slower, and looks simplified but that is about it.
Not such a good start for my Office 2013 install.I went through the install procedure and at the very end it says:"We're wrapping things up -- please stay online as we make some finishing touches"Then it hangs....nice job Microsoft!I should point out that this is a relatively modern machine running Windows 7 32-bit and Explorer 9 with everything fully patched and updated.Guess I'm back to the free and great LibreOffice  and Dropbox.  Just search for this on Google, download, install and never look back.Also the branding on the package and website is really strange: very little mention of Microsoft.  I had to look twice to be sure this is a genuine Microsoft product.  Very odd.I'm just glad I didn't pay for this.
I installed this on a Windows 8 laptop, Windows 7 laptop and a Windows 7 desktop.Everything is moving to the cloud but it's work-in-progress.  Office 365 (AKA Office 15) is basically Office 2013 with a few extra features:1) You get 20GB of SkyDrive space. Okay... When SkyDrive was introduced, it gave 20GB for free.  Later, with Office 365 on the horizon, Microsoft lowered the free amount to 7GB.  They then introduced another product called SkyDrive Pro but that's another subject.2) You can save directly to SkyDrive from Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Yeah but... I could already save to SkyDrive by simply navigating to the folder so no big innovation or timesaving by having Save to SkyDrive.3) You get 60 Skype Global calling minutes. But... I have never used my personal computer to make Skype land line calls so no value added with Skype minutes for me.  This is a weird Office feature in my opinion.My biggest problem is the fact that Outlook isn't running in the cloud.  This a major flaw that business users don't experience because they get their email through Microsoft Exchange.This means that Outlook runs locally on up to 5 computers and up to 5 smart devices.  If you drank the Kool-Aid and "upgraded" to Windows 8, you probably setup a outlook.com account or had an existing live.com or Hotmail.com account.  If that's your only email account and you keep your calendar and contacts there, and only there, life will be easier.If you're using other email services like Gmail.com or Verizon.net, you've got problems.  On all 5 of your computers and 5 smart devices, you will receive and have to read the same message up to 10 times -- once on each device!  You will need to maintain multiples contact lists, rules, account settings, etc.  This is NOT CLOUD-BASED!  Outlook should be using shared PST and configuration files IN THE CLOUD.  Copying a PST file to SkyDrive doesn't work for more than one device.To make matters worse Outlook 2013 is awful by comparison to Outlook 2010 -- especially in the Task Bar area.  I actually downgraded Outlook to the 2010 version on all of my computers.Installation headaches:1) I had to Uninstall all of my other Office products even though they were 64 bit before installing Office 365.  That means I now have to reinstall Project, Visio and SharePoint Designer on 3 computers.  Good times!2) During installation, the "We're wrapping things up screen" appears to hang.  It doesn't actually hang; rather, it doesn't refresh itself at the end.  If it seems to be taking a long time to complete, that's probably because it's already done.  Minimize and re-open the window.3) On 1 computer, the installation corrupted my Outlook data file (called a PST file).  I had to search the web to find out there was a program called SCANPST.EXE included with Office to address this exact problem.  Could you have found that?  Hey Microsoft, how about this error message? "The Outlook data file is corrupted.  Would you like to repair it?"  No, waste 20 minutes of my time and good luck to any non-IT professionals.This is a tough call because I'm essentially going from free to fee (well not really because I'm a Vine reviewer) and I don't see a lot of value -- just another recurring expense.I'd expect at least 100GB on SkyDrive for this price -- preferably more.  Disk is cheap.
...unless you get it free from your employer or through a deeply discounted licensing agreement with an academic or non-profit organization (as I am fortunate enough to).Two stars if you're moving from Office 2010; 3 stars if it's the initial Office install on your computer.Office 2013 does not offer enough improvements to take on the hassle and expense of moving to the new version (which I deliberately did not call "upgrading"). If you are already using the Office 2010 suite, deliberate carefully about both the expense and the subsequent tweaking it will take to get you back to the customization you like.After going through the (relatively painless) Windows keycard download process, I installed Office Home and Business on an Dell XPS420 computer with a recently installed Windows 8 Professional OS, a dual-core 3 GHZ processor and 4 GB RAM (32-bit environment). Installation took about 10 minutes.For current users of Office 2010: if you have many commands placed in your Office 2010 applications Quick Access Toobars, export them before you uninstall. You can later import them into the 2013 programs. Why this couldn't be scripted into the 2013 install process is a separate question.Microsoft touts many new features in Office 2013. The biggest one apparent to me is that Microsoft really really wants you to climb on its cloud via its online SkyDrive and Office 365 subscription services. Oh please. I already bought the productivity suite, and could have done without the additional marketing. Plus: *every single time* you look at the Office Ribbon, the big "Sign In" button will be visible on the right side. Bad idea, Office team: please don't add clutter to an already complicated user interface.Office 2013 claims increased ease of handling graphics and editing .pdf documents. I've experimented with both, and in my opinion, the user experience is the same.This version is so unchanged from Office 2010 that is most suited for those users with a jones for the running the most current version of any software. If you want to continue to use your productivity applications in way you are accustomed to, I'd stick with 2010.If you are running a Windows 8 computer with touch screen capability, this deserves slightly more consideration for advancing from Office 2010. Check with your employer, professional organizations, non-profit or educational institution you may be affiliated with: they may have volume licensing arrangements with Microsoft that can make this much more affordable.And, as always, you may be able to get the vast majority of your Office-like functions completed (including creating and editing Office file types) using the open-source --and *free*-- LibreOffice.
I have two versions of Office 2013. The first is the Professional version that contains all the core applications plus Access and Publisher. I put that on my main PC and, after a very frustrating install process, got it running. My review is posted under the Professional version should you be interested (bottom line: not worth the trouble or cost of the so-called "upgrade").I wanted to use this version (Home and Business) on my laptop. Since the Microsoft license limits the install to one PC, there should not be a problem running Home and Business on my laptop and Professional on my desktop. I mean, that's what Microsoft says you HAVE to do -- a separate copy per machine.But it seems that it's not possible to do so if both versions are the keycard options. I first registered my Professional version. After installing it (finally!) on my desktop, I used my laptop to go to the site to register/enable my Business & Home version. Could not do it using the same Microsoft account. Does no one at Microsoft believe that one person could have more than one PC and want to run different Office options on both of them using the same Microsoft account? Evidently not!Emailed Microsoft support for assistance. No response after 3 days.So, if you want to purchase 2 versions of Office 2013 for 2 PCs, make sure you don't get the keycard versions. Actually, if you're thinking about buying Office 2013 sit down, have a drink, and repeat until the urge to purchase Office disappears.
Pros: It downloads easilyCons:1. Nothing works until you realize you have to remove the previous versions of MS Office. [I have Office 7]2. Uninstalling my MS Office 7 did not let the software work. [I have 8 RAM 64 bit Windows 7]3. When I finally got to see a page, the look was awful, and very convoluted. Nothing familiar.4. When I opened a document it said there was an error and shut down. It did this with word, excel, power-point and outlook.I finally gave up and uninstalled the software and re-installed my previous version. Fortunately, I did a system image and save before I started, so I was able to go back to my previous setup with little effort.  I think Microsoft needs to rethink their programs and learn that greed should not be a motivation for change. I will stay with what I have until they force me to go to another manufacturer of software. I'm darn tired of these constant upgrades that go nowhere. It's a ruse to get your money.Not recommended.PS: The idea of not having the software on a disk is unacceptable. I don't want to keep my programs in cyberspace.
It is not a big update from 2010 but it does take a little getting used to.  I would just stick with 2010 if I already had that.I find it really unbelievable that Microsoft still has not sorted out the error that many people have when isntalling this software.I tried to activate the software using the product code key provided.  I got the dreaded error code: 0x8007005.  When I went online I found many others with the same issue.  Unfortunately Microsoft support folks give terrible advice on how to remedy this situation.Here is the short solution:1. Be sure 2013 is not running.2. Click on the Start logo in the lower left corner of Windows 7.3. Right click on any Office 2013 application.  Select "Run ad Administrator"3. Then try to activate the software.Apparently the Microsoft team that wrote Office 2013 have don't understand how Windows 7 security works.  And the folks testing it must all have admin rights.  For a company like Microsoft to put out this junk is inexcusable.
The software itself may be fine (I've used the Professional version on my own home systems and have no real issues with that product) but the lack of any -- as in none, zero, zilch, nada -- customization options during the install of this product and the incredibly frustrating process of activating (the activation process) for this particular version (Home and Business 2013 - Retail box) of Office make it NOT RECOMMENDABLE for anyone's purchase and use, most especially not for use in an environment with multiple systems.Sadly, it seems that Microsoft absolutely intends this product for use for a HOME user, or a small business user who is working from home -- which, uh, tells me that they don't quite understand the meaning of the words &#34;and Business&#34; when they use it as part of the product name.  Apparently they are, yet again, apparently trying to change the meaning of the words here.Any BUSINESS, and especially any CORPORATE user should be looking into the mystifying world of Volume Licensed products and the joy that is getting those products installed.  Hopefully it would be easier than the nightmare that this particular retail packaged offering includes.Until Microsoft digs their head out of their nether regions this one goes to the top of pile of products to avoid, at least as packaged here.
I gave up after about 45min...just would not work on my Kindle. It would send me someplace and then redirect me someplace else and so on and so on. I have some free protection on my tablet now and it's a millions times better than this atleast it on there for one thing. This was a very disappointing experience and I have used Norton for many years and we like it-it's on 3 PC's in my house right now. I dont know what the heck they were/are doing with this one. The Norton name has come a long way they should be ashamed of this joke of a product.I may try it install it again-but unlikely if this was not FREE I would be beyond ticked off it's not worth $1.99.In closing get it together Norton you guys are better than this.
This is worthless on my Galaxy S3.  I already have Norton Anti-theft installed on the phone and it works as advertised.  I already had the free version of Norton Mobile Security and uninstalled it to install this paid version.  I should have just kept the free version.  When I log into Norton's mobile security site to manage my phone it informs me that EVERY feature is "not supported for this device."  So I cannot use: scream, locate, sneak peek, wipe, backup, lock device or send SMS commands.  Without any remote features, this is junk and a big waste of my time to install (and the install was time consuming and convoluted as many other reviewers have mentioned.
Phones & tablets have to have a SIM card and be 3G or 4G enabled to use this product.  My iPad is Wifi only so this won't do a thing.  Very few of the advertised features work for iPad or iPhone.  This is definitely made primarily for Android users.
I have an iPhone 5 and this really doesn't do much for iPhone.The installation was more complicated than it should have been. And then installing the app wasn't worth the time it took! Call blocking, backup, antispam, download protection, web protection, remote wipe, remote lock, etc all don't work on i devices. You're basically left with backing up contacts and lost device locating. But the lost device locating requires 3g or 4g so that's no good on a wifi device...A quote I found at Brighthand from the Norton project manager: "The iOS client is not yet equivalent to the existing Norton client for Android devices, said Dave Kim, senior product manager, in a briefing for Brighthand." If Norton knows it's not up to snuff, why do they hide how little works on i devices? The fine print on Norton's website says "1 Most features available on Android devices only, unless otherwise specified for iPad or iPhone". There's a big difference between portraying your product in its best light and lying about it. Reading the information on Amazon and Symantec's website, I wrongly thought that it provided some protection for i devices.And then come on! I can sync/backup my contacts with a free Gmail account! Then there are apps to find a missing iPhone with more features that are much cheaper--and many without reoccurring fees!!!I like Norton products: I use Noton antivirus and Endpoint in many offices I maintain. With the mobile security and i devices, I feel like I'm paying to use pre-beta software. It may be a lot better on android, but I'm running the software on what was said to be a supported device. If they would have just been more clear, I wouldn't be so hard on them.
The first thing I noted with this software was that following installation, it slowed my computer to a crawl. The second thing I discovered was a complete inability to turn it off. I finally had to go into task manager to delete the task, then went into my file manager to uninstall the program completely. It was utterly useless.  It's not as though I have a slow computer, either, with a Lenovo G575, AMD E450 processor and 8 GB RAM.I can't really review the functions of this software due to its effect on my computer.  I'll leave that to those who have the souped up systems more able to handle it.
I thought that this software would give some extra security when using free Wi-Fi at hotels and cafes. Unfortunately, it worked SO well that it basically blocked all Wi-Fi by letting me know that they all were "Bad Gateways!"This may have been great security for my netbook, but, I was unable to get online with it! The only way I could hookup to the Wi-Fi was to turn the program off, which kind of defeats the whole idea. Right?The only Norton program that seems to be of some value is Norton Utilities 16.0Norton Utilities 16.0 - 1 User / 3 PC Ret. That being said this Norton program sucks.
What a waste of time this was!  Granted the installation was pretty quick and simple, but considering that this didn't work at all, even a short time wasted is too much.I love the concept of this product, and hopefully they can improve this in future versions.  I rarely use free wifi for fear of spies out there, hey you never know right?  Unfortunately, no matter where I tried to access the internet I received an error message/ warning bad gateway.  Even at home !
When this is running I cannot check my mail in Sparrow or Mail on MacOS Lion.I wish I had never installed it.  I contacted support and no response.
I use public wifi when I NEED to, but for the most part I have my own wifi hot spot because I often run my business from the road. Stored in my cloud are customer details such as cc numbers, phone numbers, address, and such. If I could use this and it worked as advertised I could feel a little more comfortable at a coffee shop but it makes my Internet connection unusable due to crashing. Not recommended at this time.
I am a long time Corel user - I have used its products since X3, and each version has worked great for me. Unfortunately, X6 will simply not run. I get a message that "The program has encountered an unspecified error and has stopped functioning."The machine I'm using is a notebook with specs that exceed the recommended specifications.I'll update this review if it works better on a different computer - but for now, no joy.
Well I guess its my own fault for not reading everything but at the time that I picked this on my vine list the information on it wasn't very clear. I thought I was ordering a external DVD drive. And it was probably more wishful thinking since I really need a new DVD drive for my laptop. Since it's a program and my DVD drive isn't working I cant install it right now. So for now I cant use it and since it is a Vine item I cant send it back. Once I get a DVD drive or get a new laptop then I will be able to install it and test drive it. Then I will come back and update my review.
I plain do not like this security package. My reason actually has nothing to do with internet security at all. I loaded the most current version of the internet and was careful to not include toolbars, etc. when I loaded this onto my laptop which is about a year old and used sporadically. Prior to loading this package, my laptop was fine. It was quick and responsive. I was careful not to load the manufacturer's toolbar, etc.When everything was loaded and presumably in order, my snappy laptop slowed down noticeably. Dueling programs from competing software packages? I don't know nor do I care. This was removed. My laptop is operating at optimal speed and I am back to protecting my laptop with Kaspersky.This may not be a common complaint regarding this software but for me this was a deal breaker.
Wow what a piece of trash.  Not only does this slow down ones' computer noticeably but it also installs malware even when you tell it not to!!!AVOID AVOID AVOID* NOT RECOMMENDED
In short:- It's a so-called Internet Security program that installs malware (!)- Installs this malware even if you tell it not to do so during installation- Has no way to whitelist false detections so you are forced to remove legitimate programs- Submitting these false positives is impossible as it generates error messages- Customer service is terrible- Has to interrupt what you're doing with popups when it scans your computerThe long version:The installation disc gives you the choice of installing the version on disc or the newest version via an online connection, which was nice.  I selected online and while the download speed was limited to 400-450kB/sec it eventually downloaded and started the installation process.  There is an option to try the product for 30 days before purchasing but it requires you to enter your name and email address and will bug you to purchase multiple times throughout the day.  Whether or not you enter your registration key, it will ask you to install the Ask.com toolbar.  This toolbar provides no use to you and will take up and entire row of your browser and change the home page of your browser.  The so-called Safesearch feature only means you are searching through the askjeeves browser which gives inferior results compared to Google, Bing, or Yahoo.  Because it is up to you to uncheck the options to change all these things it is commonly considered malware in security circles.  Why I consider it malware is simple -- even if you uncheck the options to install the toolbar, Avira will install it anyway!In addition, the program gave me a false positive on a legitimate game I play that is published by a respectable game company.  For the purposes of this review, I uploaded it to VirScan to confirm it was safe.  For anyone unfamiliar with the site, it allows you to upload a suspicious file and it will analyze it among 36 different antivirus programs and show you the results.  Of the many different antivirus companies, some did mark it as a virus (mostly brands I never heard of), but the majority of antivirus scanning companies marked it as safe.False positives happen and I don't fault Avira for a false positive.  What I do fault Avira for is providing no way for us to mark the file as safe.  You are either forced to quarantine the file so you can no longer use it, or it will bug you incessantly about this virus.  In addition, the option to submit this quarantined file to Avira is completely broken.  You have to fill out a bunch of information (which it will not remember so you have to complete it over and over) and during the number of days and times I tried to submit this file to Avira, all I received was an "Error 12002" message.I also use Gmail and download my email messages through Mozilla Thunderbird. Apparently this is incompatible with Avira's "Mail Protector" as all the program does is hang up my computer when I set up my POP addresses to route through Avira.  Since it doesn't work, I decided to turn off the "Mail Protector feature" but doing so would cause Avira to go into "your computer is unsafe" mode.In addition, I sometimes received "Application Errorsin avcenter.exe" messages which caused the program to be closed.  This is part of Avira's software but when I checked the software by clicking on the system tray icon, it loaded up as if nothing was wrong.And finally, the so-called technical support.  After waiting on hold for fifteen minutes, I connect to someone who sounds like he's busy doing something else while talking to me.  He puts me on hold all the time for no apparent reason and it's clear while talking to him that he doesn't even have an Avira client open.  All I asked for was to double check if there was a way to whitelist suspicious files and after a while I was instructing him where to go and what to do because he was just guessing.  By the time he started messing with WINSOCK (again, incorrectly) I told him I'm going to uninstall instead.  He just hung up on me.  What a jerk that guy was.So no, I don't recommend Avira to anyone... except maybe to the guy who provides really awful tech support.Edit 8/14 - Since I had no way to submit the false positive to Avira, I sent it to a competing Internet Security product who also showed it being a possible virus.  They wrote me back and said the file was clean and they would remove the detection in their next update.  Too bad I couldn't get this kind of service from Avira.
Based on my experience, I cannot recommend Avira Internet Security 2013. After reading a few negative reviews of it (on Amazon and elsewhere) I decided to only try it on my laptop (and not my desktop) that has a Windows Vista operating system. Though I bought that laptop in 2008, I replaced the hard drive within the past year, and have only half-filled it's approximately 230 GB capacity. That's not a lot to scan compared to many computers (such as my desktop, which has 2 hard drives with about 1.5 TB filled).The bottom line is that Avira was extremely slow as well as buggy on the laptop. For example, it took 90 minutes to scan less than half of the approximately 114 GB of stuff I have on that computer, and then it froze. Most of the times I tried to close an Avira window (by clicking on the X on the upper right), either nothing happened or I got a message that the program was not responding. Trying to close Avira windows by going into the Windows Task Manager was also less than smooth and never instantaneous.When I finally decided to get Avira off my laptop by installing McAfee (which I get free because ATT is my internet service provider), an Avira window popped up warning me that a website (McAfee) was trying to access my computer, and asked me what I wanted to do about it. When I clicked to access the option to allow this access, the Avira window disappeared and did not give me access. So I  had to start all over with McAfee (on the second try Avira enabled me to allow McAfee to have access).When Avira was scanning my laptop, trying to do anything else on the laptop was impossible. I know that scans can slow everything down, I've experienced that with BitDefender (which I used with few problems for the two years before trying Avira), but this is the first time I experienced internet security software slowing things down to the point that the computer is otherwise unusable while the scan is running. So far I've not noticed that McAfee slows down my laptop or desktop, and in my experience McAfee runs more efficiently than did BitDefender.Mike Williams at betanews reviewed Avira Internet Security 2013 and found that it has a "Cluttered interface, too many firewall alerts, below average spam filter, limited backup tool, toolbar seemed to cause browsing problems, high memory use." He did have some positive things to say about it as well, but his "verdict" is that it's "For Avira fans only."
I had high hopes for this program when I requested it. I had used Corel products before and appreciated their versatility, especially for modifying photographs and clip-art. Unfortunately, this product was a major disappointment in more ways than one:First, it was not compatible with Windows Vista, the operating system on my computer, so I had to install Corel Painter on another machine.Second, there were samples on the box of what the program could do, but no instructions in how to make it happen. I tried looking at the tutorials online, but they were not much help.I tried playing around with the program and experimenting with the various features, but could not figure it out, as I have other Corel and Microsoft products. Maybe I was not daring enough and didn't have the advantage of a touch screen or stylus to make this program work. At any rate, it's not for me. I'll have to stick with my freebie and cheapo programs.
Before this product can be used it must be activated. The stage for activation comes after un-installing existing anti-virus and downloading almost 200mb of updates. I had travelled outside US and bought this for a PC i will use outside the US. After un-installing my Norton internet security and downloading updates, i was informed that my activation code was for another region. When i checked for possible solutions i was told to go back to the region where i purchased the anti-virus and install there.It's not stated anywhere on the package that the anti-virus was meant for a particular region. I have used several anti-virus in different parts of the world and i never had this problem. The least Kaspersky should have done is to indicate clearly on the packaging that the product can only be activated in the region where it was bought. By not doing this, i feel misled into obtaining a product thinking it had worldwide apllication only to find out i have been restricted in it's use. I am re-installing my Norton Internet security pronto!
I tried this software, shortly, but didn't like it.  It was unfinished looking and didn't find stuff other systems did.Then I did my research. Eugene Kaspersky is a known Russian spy. Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Hey, maybe it was just me, but..First of all. this thing is impossible to install. When I finally did complete installation, it wouldn't accept my registration number (HELLO???) and put me down for a 30 day trial which I only signed up for to GET OUT OF THERE FAST.I had to ask my 23 year old son to uninstall it. Which he did.  Thank heavens.I don't need an Anti-Virus 2014 (3User) Kaspersky product that is that much of a pain.Argh!thanks, jean
I followed the inclosed instructions to a TEE.  I carefully typed in the web address on my android given in the instructions, which was to take me to a site where the download would start automatically.  It only took me to a browser page with multiple Kaspersky sites to pick from.  It was supposed to take me to a site where I could enter my code and download the program but that was absolutely impossible.  It was for those of us who have androids that don't have a camera and therefore cannot scan the given code.  It simply wouldn't work though I tried several times and searched in vain for the correct website for which to enter my code.  It just never happened therefore one star rating.  Did they not think about this before putting it in the instructions????
Tried it on two different android phones, Galaxy 4S and LG, with the proper level of android op systems. Tried the scanner block provided, didn't connect. Tried the website provided - it went to a dead link (webpage not available). Reboot, tried again, nada. Complete waste of time.
I have tried on multiple occasions to install this software. It downloads just fine, and installs (I tried all ways, none of which are consistent with the instructions on the software card), but I am never able to set up a Kaspersky account, which is apparently needed to set up this software.. I follow all instructions and it will never proceed beyond my entering and verifying my account password. I have given up on this and can only give it the lowest rating. It may work well for you, but I could just not get it installed...
Like 5-10 second delays everytime you try to navigate to a new webpage? Then you would like the 2014 Edition of the Kaspersky Internet Security program.It has been a long time since I have experienced the type of internet delay that comes with this software. Certainly not from Kaspersky (have used their products for the last 2-3 years). This version, however, brings back the bad memories of the 'sluggish' computer.Out of the box this product should not warrant a purchase for protection on your computer.Here are the bad points:1. As mentioned above, slow internet.Firstly, my internet connection is fiber optic based and is a 24 mbps connection.When 'pausing' protection--something I use often with Kaspersky installed (nulling its purpose)--using the internet resumes normal function.This probably is related to Kaspersky trying to 'filter' every incoming connection from your network. While this aegis-like 'finickiness' is assuring, the actual output disables what technology has improved on for many years--speed.Pages hang. The busy bar constantly revolves when pages seem to have already loaded (meaning it has not fully loaded). Youtube videos gracefully move forward at the speed of tortoise. Drop-down selection boxes e.g. searching for flights or hotels and having to select dates do not load at all because the Kaspersky program will not let them. Before we load any page or any type of source from the internet we have to get 'permission' from Kaspersky before it allows it to gradually funnel into our viewing screens or computer.2. Slow Updating.For an update of around 2-3 mb, it took several minutes to download. It filters my connection to its own server. Don't trust anyone...ey?3. No Advance Layout.Because some programs behave better with fine-tuning, I prefer anti-virus programs that allow the user the option to change most aspects of how the program interacts with threats, and filters through internet traffic. This Kaspersky does not allow that as far as I can tell. Moreover, getting to any setting with the individual programs (anti-virus, firewall etc.) takes getting through 3 different menus only to be allowed to only turn them off or on. Nothing more.Good Points:1. Quick install.Total program size is around 230mb. Installation took around 3-4 minutes.---------------------------A 1-star review for a Kaspersky product is a definite first time for me as I have used, and prefer, their products in general for computer security. My sentiments, after using the 2014 edition, have changed and you should look at other programs when protecting your computer this year if you want a computer that is not weighed down by a should be inconspicuous necessity to your computer.
I had Paint Shop Pro 8 on an old computer and used it all the time. I loved that program and was very familiar with it. I have a new Windows 8 computer and couldn't find my old PSP 8 CD to install it, so I figured I would buy the latest version to upgrade. What happened? Corel took an easy to use program that did everything a photo editor should, and they ruined it. The new interface is crowded, clumsy and confusing. There are so many options and gadgets packed into this version, that doing simple photo editing or enhancing are a major task (it was always a simple task in PSP 8).  I am going to have to go dig for my PSP 8 install CD, or buy one on EBay. It is a shame what Corel did to this once great program! As for the video editing program included on this disc, I don't really need one...and if it is anything like the Paint Shop Pro interface, I don't want it.
Everything that's here is available on the Internet for free - there's absolutely nothing that warrants paying for this product. The user interface is laughably bad and there's a very basic interview which provides the 'slightest' of guidance of how to complete the paperwork. If the software were a free website, I would be disappointed so being asked to pay for this represents grossly poor value.There are some ebooks but these again contain very generalized advice that you can largely find on the Internet - clearly somebody thought that throwing these into the offering might make the $50 price tag seem more palatable. Overall it's actually a disastrously bad product that Quicken should recall and rethink urgently.
Unfortunately, I am unable to review how this product connects with Ancestry.com because despite the hours of effort I put into getting it to connect, it would not.-I first tried with an old account from 2007 that I had used for 1 month.  It said I didn't know the password.  So I changed the password.  Then it said there was no email or user name that existed (!!?!)with the exact information they had just told me already existed.  So I tried to register.  It said that my email address was already registered (duh).-So I tried a completely different email address with a completely different account and a completely different user name.  Same scenario but this time with the added bonus of: Unable to register.  Please try again later.  So I waited and tried again the next day.  This time I got: "An Error Has Occurred In The Script On This Page"  Line 9 Character 5 Error: Class not registered [...] family tree maker.com/scripts/external functions. js (yes, I've broken the link deliberately for the purpose of this review)-Then I tried uninstalling the entire thing, including the registry of my computer.  Re-installed.  Repeat steps, same results.-Then I tried installing it on a completely DIFFERENT computer all together, using my husbands name, email, etc.  He has never, ever had an account.  Same results.My final attempt was to take it to a friends house, install it on her computer (Not an HP or Dell like my first attempts), sign up as if it was her software and her account and guess what?  Tje exact same results.So, for an $80 software I got exactly: nothing.No free 3 month trial.No Discovering my family story preserve my legacy and share my unique heritage.No access to over 9 billion US historical recordsNothing was Enhanced.I built no tree and nothing was easy nor was it improved or even usable user interface and definitely not upgraded help topics.The help section of the software was completely useless, it was like being stuck in one of the layers of hell from Dante's Inferno.  I am very computer literate and have never had issues like this before, especially not with software that is so expensive.I'm glad other people apparently had no problems at all, unfortunately, that was not my experience and I could not recommend this software to anyone.  Disgusted and disgruntled.
Norton Internet Security would Not Work on My Computers with Windows 7 Home. After trying to install on 2 computers for over an hour, I gave up. These kind of programs are always so unpredictable and sketchy. Sometimes they appear to work and other times they are a complete waste of time.
I can't comment on the pros and cons of this video editing software because I never could get it to install on my computer(kept getting an error message) even after numerous emails to Cyberlink customer service. They are literally the worst I have dealt with for any problem I've had to call to get help. You virtually have to jump through hoops just to get anywhere and then they treat you like you're a criminal. And by criminal I mean they first wanted me to take a picture of the error message I was getting and email it to them. I did so then they said they never received it, even though I've sent hundreds of pictures via email before and never had a problem. This is the third Cyberlink product I've used the in the last year and ALL three times the customer service was nasty. First, I contacted Amazon and they said there's nothing they can do because this was a Vine program offering, but I should try contacting Cyberlink. Been there done that multiple times. They literally accused me of trying to pull a fast one to get a free product. Yeah, I'm sure I'm going to waste my time making up a story that I'm getting an error message from my video editing software so I can get a free one when I'm more than willing to send the defective copy back. Jeez. How about some troubleshooting instead of being rude rearholes!Secondly, they wanted to see proof that I had purchased this from amazon and that I had contacted amazon about the problem. And while all of this is going on they are not getting in any hurry to respond.... as in several days between responses, each time making this stretch out for about 2 months total. The bottom line is cyberlink sucks **** and would not replace the disc. But yet they told me to send the disc back and they would replace it. Well, after 2 weeks of waiting I contacted them, yet again, wanting to know where the replacement was and they said that not only did they not receive the defective disc back, but they had no record of me ever contacting them. WHAT?! A CROCK!! Talk about criminals! So, I told them they can take the defective disc and their awful customer service and see if it will fit between the crack of their "beep". I doubt I will ever again own a Cyberlink product, even if it's free. They are really going to have to change their company before I do so. In the end amazon couldn't help me out because I received this product free in the first place as part of Amazon's Vine review program and since amazon didn't have any more to send I was S.O.L. Pray you don't get a defective product from Cyberlink(and pay good money for it) because there's a good chance you'll go through the same crap with them I did.The three times I've received a product from Cyberlink it's been defective. That right there tells me something about their company. One might think it's just my computer that won't accept Cyberlink's software. Not so. I tried each of the 3 software items on 4 different computers, including a two friend's computers. Find another brand!
WHY ONE STARRoxio NXT 2 could not install AND it REMOVED my pre-existing copies of Roxio NXT and Corel WinDVD from my laptop. (UN BEE LEE VUH BULL!!!!)BACKGROUND:I've used Roxio products for more years than I can remember and I've reviewed at least two prior Creator versions and my reviews were positive because I actually liked Creator. I attempted to install Roxio NXT 2 on a Windows 7 Enterprise machine with 8GB or RAM with Roxio NXT already installed.THE HORROR:The installation program detected Roxio NXT (older version) and warned that it was going to remove it prior to setting up NXT 2 which was fine with me. While the installation proceeded I watch with horror as it was removing not only Roxio NXT but also Corel WinDVD (never asked for permission to do so). Yes, it may be true that Corel owns Roxio but it's also true that I OWN MY COPY OF COREL WINDVD and Roxio or Corel are NOT allowed to remove things from MY computer unless I agree. And they never asked.Well... a few minutes later, the Setup program was claiming that it was now rolling back whatever it installed or removed (not WinDVD though) and told me that installation was 'interrupted'. Strange. There were no traces left of the previously installed WinDVD or Roxio NXT.I ran a registry cleanup tool, then rebooted my computer and re-tried Setup. Same error.I went to Roxio's NXT 2 help page seeking some Tech Support help but I was advised to look at the Knowledge Base first. There was an article advising that a 'safe boot' could allow for the installation to complete. I set my laptop to boot up in safe mode and this time installation failed almost immediately.I went back to the help page, hoping to talk to a tech support person. Amazingly, YOU DON'T GET SUPPORT from Roxio or Corel or whatever they are unless you either pay them more money or have a 'support code' valid for 14 days AFTER installation and registration. Of course, my copy could not install and could not be registered because it didn't install.I went back to the site and registered hoping to get the '14-day free support code'. Of course they wanted my email address and all kinds of other bits of info. Once registered I received a few Spam-loaded emails and finally, the support code. Well... not so fast. Can't speak to a human yet. I am now asked to write an email, explaining what my problem is. I pasted this review because I am not going to waste a lot more time. Let's see what happens next. My prediction: they are going to ask for copies of the dozens of logs that the SETUP program left behind - as this was the first time and the only time installation failed on anyone's computer.ADVICE:There are several issues with Roxio's product:- It appears to be badly coded or at least the SETUP module is.- The installation program seems to try to access highly restricted and highly protected features of the OS - the installation log showed Windows refusing to allow them unauthorized access and complaining that certain files had invalid signatures.- There is no tech support to speak of.- The sellers of Roxio seem to view their customers primarily as milkable cash cows.- The sellers of Roxio seem to believe that they actually own the software installed on your computer and can do with it as they please, including removing it.It's possible that not everybody is going to duplicate my experience but why take a chance when there are better and better supported products 'out there'?___________________________________________UPDATE: I received a couple of emails from tech support. The first one thanks me for reporting a problem and... "Looking for faster support? The Premium Training and Support Plan offers you unlimited first-in-line priority phone support plus personalized training on any topic of your choice." (see the 'milkable cash cow' thoughts above because we should pay to get something working after first we pay to purchase it, right?) The next email states that my 'detailed feedback' was being sent up the management channels.UPDATE 12/21/2013:An email arrived a couple of days later titled: "Case 01959591 is Awaiting Additional Information". I am ordered to log into Corel's site and provide the information Corel wants from me (of course, they don't bother to tell me what it is they are waiting for because it's so much better if the customer wastes some time finding their way through Corel's tech support maze). If I don't reply in 5 days (an ultimatum?) "I will assume there has been resolution if I don't hear back from you within the next 5 days, at which point I will go ahead and close your case."Well... not so fast. I log in at the site and this is what I get: "The request could not be completed due to a conflict with the current state of the resource (Session timed out. Please use the back button, reload and try again.) Of course, I keep getting the same error no matter how many times I try so, this is it. So much for Corel's support. I'm wondering if those who pay get the same nice treatment.UPDATE 12/22/2013Tired of waiting, I decide to reinstall my old Creator NXT. It installs just fine but then nothing works, it keeps complaining about missing registry keys.I fully remove Creator NXT, clean the registry again (use Glary's tools) and try NXT 2 again but this time I do 'custom install' and select ONLY Creator NXT 2 (do not install NERO and "Roxio Back on Track". To my surprise, the install is successful but, of course, I now have a rather abbreviated version (many features missing) of my old Creator NXT. I give up on Corel's tech support.Oh, and one more thing. Ever since I attempted to install NXT 2 for the first time, my laptop no longer restarts on its own after a reboot. It's on but all I get is a blank screen. The only way I can bring it back to life is to remove the battery for a few seconds and then start again. Thank you Corel.
It's ok. It burns data disks. But windows burns data disks. It burns images. Just google "iso recorder powertoy" and you'll find a great free iso burner (works in 8 great even though it only mentions through windows 7). It lets you copy disks (which you can do with the free iso recorder). It lets you burn music cds--doesn't media player do that as part of windows? So the first half of the program does stuff with disks, but who needs more than free to do this? It does fine doing all these things, but it's not amazing. It's kinda clunky.Then it lets you edit movies and edit movie dvds. It is easier than Premier Elements, but I prefer Premier still because I have more options. It does this ok, but you can't burn Bluray disks in this version. To be honest, again there isn't much more that this does than the free Windows Movie Maker does... And if you really need more than Movie Maker, you probably need Premier Elements for the real next step up.And I guess the biggest problem is that the whole program is a relic from the past. I burn probably 10 disks a year. I don't remember the last time I made a music CD. I do make a dvd a year for grandma, but I already have Adobe Premier Elements for that. And most people just upload to youtube! There has to be a smaller and smaller market for this. I mean most ultrabooks don't even come with disk drives! I'm sure there's not enough money to make a better and better program here--just enough money to churn out a new version every year with slight improvements.And it definitely is a better program than the version I used a few years back and crashed all the time. But now that Creator has arrived to the party in good condition, the party's winding down...Additional info 1/24/2014: So I needed to burn a .img disk image that I downloaded from the Microsoft Office site. It's a disk download of Microsoft Office for my friend with really slow internet. I've seen .img files before so I know that extension is not unheard of, and I assume that since Microsoft is using it that it's a normal image type. Well, Roxio doesn't recognize it as a disk image format. But the free iso recorder powertoy does. Since Roxio fails me the one time I actually needed it, I'm reducing the rating to one star and uninstalling the software.
I cannot stand this program I was so aggravated from the the start and ending with their not so stellar customer service that I actually took my frustration out by throwing the whole thing against the wall. First let me begin by telling you I have an older laptop with the Windows Vista The Roxio Creator could not be installed on my computer. I then called their customer support and spoke to &#34;Bob&#34; who could not speak a word of English. Heads up Roxio , please make sure when you hire people to help your customers they can speak the language. I hung up on &#34;Bob&#34; and called again. I got a girl named&#34; Katie&#34; whose accent was so thick I could hardly understand what she was saying to me. So very slowly we tried to communicate with each other. She was a very nice girl but the language barrier and thick accent had me extremely aggravated. I just wanted the program to work. She told me that Ii had to remove a firewall on my computer and install their program. I did not feel comfortable doing this and being stuck with a computer that would either freeze or not work properly after I followed her directions because quite frankly good luck finding the same person to help you again if you have an issue. She could not stay on the phone to walk me through the process because she had other callers. She did tell me I could call back after the removal of firewall and installation of their program with any questions. I wish I could have installed Roxio Creator so I could write a more in depth review but unfortunately it could not be done I hope for those of you that do purchase this item have better luck then I did
I used to use Nero version 6 and was looking forward to using a copy that was compatible with my current version of Windows. The user interface hasn't really changed that much between V6 and this version but for some reason this is just much harder to use. I just wanted to make an MP3 disc to start and after an hour of trying to figure out how to do this in Nero I've given up. There is no way such a simple operation should be so complex. It's depressing so see such a previously good piece of software become so useless. Avoid this software.
I have been a fan of Pinnacles software for many years. As an amateur videographer, doing mostly family and vacation work, their programs worked quite well for me - until somewhere around Version 12, when the company seemed to extend its ambitions more toward very sophisticated users. At that point, I found it less user-friendly that Adobe Premiere Elements and switched over - hoping against hope that Pinnacles would recognize the error of their ways and return to being what it once was - the best all-around user-friendly - amateur video software on the market. I allowed this hope to be rekindled yet again when I sat down to load and try the new Studio 17 Plus edition.Although it has many features that allow for very sophisticated editing and management of your video material (some of the additional features are available only at an additional cost,) it is cumbersome and, as it were, "pushy." As has been mentioned by others, I was astounded to find that it helped itself to every digital image (both still and video) on my hard drive. If there was an option to have it not do that, I did not see it. Almost three hours after I began, it had collected almost 250GBs of material I had no interest in or need to have it gather! I don't think that 'presumptuous' would be an overstatement of the apparent arrogance of this software's designers to think they were doing we users a favor by collecting (and organizing, in its own way) everything it could find on our HD. I found this to be more than mildly irritating.However, having invested that kind of time in loading it, I finished up and went to work re-working several video files.Oh, for those days of yesteryear when Pinnacle meant ease and efficiency. They seem to have passed into permanent history. There are so many options that simple rendering and editing became an elusive goal. Where once there was a simplified fast-track for basic home editing, saving and burning video files to a DVD, now NOTHING is simple. I suppose that there are still two tracks - But, now they are 1) complicated, and 2) more complicated.For people wanting a more sophisticated range of functions, add-ons and options, Pinnacle is worth considering. However, at this price point, the Adobe Premiere Elements, Power Director and Sony's Movie Studio are easier to negotiate and, ultimately, less presumptive that they know what the user wants and needs from them. I wpild pass on this edition and continue to hope that Pinnacles will produce something akin to its old self before its software engineers completely forget how to meet the needs of the home user.
Yes I now have two Pinnacle products that I should never have purchased.(the other one is the Studio 17 Ultimate) What was I thinking? The product performed before par and I found it to be a pain in the neck to actually do what I wanted it to which is to help me edit photos Simple right? That's what I thought After the fiasco of trying to get help for the problems I had with Studio 17 and being charged to get support, I just gave up. There are so many other programs out there that are far superior than Pinnacle Systems. I would suggest going to your local Best Buy or similar store where you can speak to someone in person (no charge) to compare programs to your needs. That is what I did after I through this in the garbage along with the Studio 17. Sorry Pinnacle..this was my last purchase with you
You get ONE free call with this company that you have to REGISTER FOR. Then you have a time frame to complete that call. Unfortunately I am unable to use this product despite the fact I make company videos every single week!!!!! You MUST have a DVD drive to install. My laptop, a Toshiba Ultrabook does not have an optical drive. I have had this issue in the past and manufacturers, even Rosetta stone, will let you download the trial then use the activation key to convert this to a full product. At this time they do not have this product available as a  trial download so I cannot use it. Now my 2 weeks is up and to call tech support I now have to pay as well. I've hit a roadblock with their customer service. Very disappointed. Product should be on USB key, not DVD.
I found the Pinnacle not to be user friendly especially on Windows 8. I have used numerous programs on my computer for photos, film and editing and by far this product is the worst. The support team s horrible. I only wanted a walk through on the instructions. What shocked me is that they wanted to charge me $29 to&#34; help&#34; me. Are you kidding me?! I just got the item Was it out of warranty within the 24 hours when I received it. Here is some advice Pinnacle...make sure your product works and don't charge your customers when they need assistance with your not so stellar product you just may win keeping your customers happy to continue to buy your products. Unfortunately you lost me for good
This software failed to install on two computers (a desktop running Windows 7 Professional and a laptop running Windows 8.1).Bottom line: Can't evaluate what can't be used...In both cases, the installation routine reached a screen that indicated: "File: AVID.VFEditing.manifest". Once there: nothing happened.The install failure under Windows 8.1 added this this inscrutable message:"Error 1330. A file that is required cannot be installed because the cabinet file D;\Studio\Data1.cab has an invalid digital signature. This may indicate that the cabinet file is corrupt. Error 24592 was returned by WinVerify Tust."In both cases, the optical drive was the "D" drive.Both "Error 1330" and "Error 24592" show up in great quantities when searched online. Error 1330 is clearly Pinnacle-specific, and Error 24592 is associated with many applications across multiple Windows operating systems. In both of my cases, the issue came on machines with recent clean installs of their respective operating systems. For both error messages, you can find many possible solutions online, but no consensus is evident. Instead, I'll look for a different consumer-level video editor (and start with the free Windows Movie Maker...)
I've been writing to someone in their technical support department. He says they are escalating this problem back to the design department to solve the problem. Obviously some people are successful in installing this product. I don't know why it isn't working for me. I've got lots of software installed on my computer and I've never had experienced a problem until now. In fact, I own Pinnacle Studio 16 Ultimate and it works perfectly on my computer. I am using Windows 7, a 4.2 GHz AMD processor, ASUS M5A99FX Pro Motherboard and Samsung SSD system.Update #2:Now this is weird. While I was writing this review, somehow Pinnacle Studio was doing something in the background and suddenly installed itself. I not only closed the installation, but performed a full reboot of the operating system (Windows 7 64-bit). I did not try to install it again. But there's more. So when I click on anything, up comes a dialog box saying: NGStudio has stopped working. That is the same thing that happened the very first time I installed this software application.  Something is really buggy. No matter how many times I open this application, the NGStudio error box comes up shortly after it opens. And the only option results in closing Pinnacle Studio 17.I finally managed to register my software, but look at what you get in the way of support. "You are eligible for one-time FREE installation or activation support* for a supported product within 14 days from the date of registration." Please register to receive a support code via email.-----------------------------Update #1: Another person has the exact same installation problem I have. Check his 1 star rating. His review title is called: "Failed to Install"Here is the problem:It hangs up during installation on AVID.VFEditing.manifest - just totally stops.-----------------------------Original Review:Actually, I got Pinnacle 17 to install in the beginning and then it hung up after I downloaded a recommended patch update. Pinnacle 17 shut down repeatedly, so I finally uninstalled it - which took a long time because there were about eight different programs that were installed. Then I did a disk cleanup, registry cleaning and a trim operation with my Samsung SSD. Then I did a full system shutdown (turned it off) and restarted my computer.So then I proceeded to install Pinnacle Studio 17 again.  Now it hangs up during installation with a file called called: AVID.VFEditing,manifest.  This is my third attempt, so I'm not going to try it anymore. Before I even began to install Pinnacle Studio 17, I was recalling how Pinnacle has a long history of unstable software from my personal experience. I've bought this software several times over the past 12 or 14 years. It has a wonderful user interface - my personal favorite of all the video editing software on the market. But stability has always been an issue in my personal experience.I decided to install another software application called Quicken Legal Business Pro and it installed perfectly. I know there is nothing wrong with my system.  Until now, I have never had any issue with installation of any software.
For software where you can pick up free versions, like 7-zip, I'm surprised Corel has this retailing for $60. Even winrar comes with a trial that never expires, but it will nag you every time you run it. On top of this, you can purchase it online for half the cost of this.Otherwise, it installed easily enough and it is now my default unzip software.I was happy with it until this morning....When I logged onto my computer, it said an update was available. No problem, I said to go ahead and download/install the update. After the install, it took me through the installation wizard. I was a little nervous because this is when extra software likes to piggy back onto your computer.Sure enough, after the install some colorful, round icon appeared on my desktop. I was upset because 1) this is paid software for crying out loud. Fine, try to sneak stuff in when it is free, I get that you need to pay the bills. But this wasn't free, this was $60!! And then even worse is 2) it never prompted me to install this software. Usually when I update Java I catch that it is trying to install a toolbar and I tell it not to. With this, it didn't even give me the option, it just installed it hoping I wouldn't notice.I immediately uninstalled the new software, but when I got to work I noticed my Chrome (which syncs settings with my home computer) now had a new home page. Needless to say, I'm not happy.Honestly, I didn't realize until now that WinZip is owned by Corel. Upon the realization I muttered, &#34;That explains things.&#34; I've had nothing but bad luck with Corel ever since they bought Word Perfect. I would have skipped this completely if I had noticed who sells it now. The fact they obscure their name from the product is rather telling.
Way too labor intensive. All I wanted to do was integrate with Rally and export xml to create beautiful charts and reports.  Doesn't import xml at least as far as I can tell.
I have Windows 8.1 OS and the first time I tried to install, my system froze. I reluctantly tried to install once more and the software would absolutely do nothing. I did not attempt to install a third time, because I had done this with another PC and another software (Pinnacle) and it killed my hard drive. Another one bites the dust.
This program continues to be buggy, basically for very limited speech recognition and not worth spending money on.The problems start as soon as you put the serial number, which it refused to accept. After force closing installation 2 times, on the third try it offered to upgrade the software because a "small number" of users were having this problem. Software upgrade patch did take me past the installation.Once I started the program, it offered to upgrade my old Dragon Dictate 3 profile. During the upgrade the program just hangs up. Finally after another 2 or 3 forced closures the program said it had upgraded my version 3 profile.But then I had to go over the training all over again as if I had no previous profile. The tutorial is nice, but even the tutorial crashes! You get the idea, how badly executed and designed this program is.The voice recognition accuracy is no better than version 3, still very poor and no comparison to Dragon Naturallyspeaking. Only improvement I have noticed in version 4.0 is that it crashes less in Microsoft Word and Pages.  Actually, Dragon Dictate 3.0 used to crash  but the Dragon 4.0 freezes more than it crashes. The performance and browsers is still very poor.For occasional voice recognition, you may consider using Mac OS built in speech recognition. But if you use speech recognition for work, like I do for more than an hour every day, go for WindowsDragon NaturallySpeaking Premium 11 [Old Version] orDragon NaturallySpeaking Premium 12, English, install it on a Bootcamp partition if you have a Mac.Do not waste your money on this program.
I cannot recommend it.&#34;World No. 1 Movie & Media Play.&#34; This claim comes from the fact that the software is often bundled in PC system software and peripheral devices with optical drives. It doesn't mean everybody with the bundled software is using it.Here's what happened: The program without giving me a chance to opt out, changed all my video file installations. Now if I fail to pay the subscription fee by the renewal date, I will lose access to all those files.
I am old enough to remember when Word Perfect came in about 50 5   inch floppy disks.  If you are not old enough to remember those, they looked likeQty 200 New 5 1/4 Inch 1.2 MB Floppy Disks Diskettes Redexcept generally in black, and they are now called Legacy floppy disks.  I still have work saved on those things.  Scary, huh?  The computer started with a C Prompt and when you loaded in the program and the things you needed, then you had to switch out discs as you worked.  I had a second drive to save work on so at least I was saved that indignity.  Word Perfect was a language all its own.  The shortcut keys and the F keys were a beautiful thing: a language.  Once you learned it, it was always there somewhere.Anyway, WordPerfect was First Class all the way.It may still be, but I have no way of knowing that.WordPerfect Office x7 should have been very easy to set it up.  The DVD comes in the box, which was a novelty, not the box, but the DVD.  But my computer said it was blank.  The directions sent me to a website that no longer exists.1. Blank disc;2. sent me to a web address that does not exist;3. Contacted support by chat & was told to download it from the disk OR to copy it to a USB and download it;4. Repeated the explanation for the problem and was told to contact technical support;5. Finally found a webpage, selected support and was given a list of options to watch videos or open prewritten sections to give me help OR to give me help IF I had a warranty support code.  ALL for Word Perfect Office X6.  (This is not.);6. When clicking on the option How to install from the disc/Bad disc, it suggests:a. To use a different discb. Wipe the disc with a soft clothc. Check to see if I have a dual layered DVD drive to install CorelDRAW;7. Going back to the beginning to get support for a product,  WordPerfect Office is not listed as a choice.Considering that I, as the user, was not to blame for the bad disk, the website gave me a lot of runaround.  Instead I was delivered into the many circles of hell.This review was written with Word.
Update 2014-06-30A LARGE watermark "Naunce PowerPDF Trial [...]" was emblazoned across some of my documents after a month even though I activated the product when I installed it. I had received no warning that the program was in "trial" mode. I would have appreciated if the program disabled it functions instead of ruining my documents. Now, to remove the watermark, I have to purchase the program, which incidentally was acquired as a full retail box copy (not a downloaded trial). Nuances practice of watermarking your documents as a means of ransom to force the user to purchase their software is unethical. I will be uninstalling PowerPDF and switching to Adobe Acrobat instead.Original review follows:Power PDF does everything I need a PDF manipulation tool to do. It can automatically make a PDF form fillable, straighten out a crooked PDF file, rotate, rearrage and insert PDF pages, convert PDF into Word files (OCR), and make a PDF file searchable (OCR).I have only a couple of complaints so far (covered in the "cons" section).Pros----+ Automatically Create Fillable Forms (Menu Item: Forms/Form Typer)You can automatically create a fillable form from a scanned form document. Power PDF inserts fillable text boxes where it "thinks" is a form field. These text boxes can be moved, resized, or deleted. They can also be "nudged around" with the arrow keys on your keyboard. You can also add your own form fields like radio buttons and combo boxes. I've tried the automatic Form Typer on a couple of scanned form documents and some of the text box placements are a bit off. It's an easy enough fix: I just had to resize the text boxes and nudge them in place.+ Straighten Out Scanned Page (Menu Item: Home/Optimize)Crooked PDF pages can be automatically straightened out. The function works flawlessly but it will only work on text documents since it uses the text in the document to determine how much the documents needs to be rotated to straighten out the document. My document scans from the ADF (Automatic Document Feeder) are often a bit crooked, so this feature is very, very helpful.+ Easily Rearrange Pages (Menu Item: Home/Pages Panel)PDF files (from Windows Explorer) and pages (from other Power PDF document Windows) can be dragged-and-dropped into the pages panel of your current document. The pages in a Pages Panel can be easily rearranged in any order. To select multiple pages at a time, you can either use the cursor or or Ctrl-click to select pages that are scattered over the Pages Panel.+ Conversion Of PDF To Word Documents (Menu Item: File/Save As/docx)The ability to convert PDF into Word documents is one of the most useful features of the program. I've tried converting a variety of different documents (documents with regular, bold, underlined and italicize texts, documents with texts in different fonts and sizes, and documents with embellishments like text boxes and bullets). And Power PDF does a very impressive job of converting these documents into Word! Text boxes, bullets, fonts, text sizes and other aspects of the converted document are reproduced with surprising accuracy. Note, however, that images will not be reproduced in the Word file -- the program fills in the space where an image should have been with gibberish. The fix: go over to the original PDF document, click on the arrow cursor, and select the image with the crosshair selection (make sure the cursor is a crosshair). Right-click/Copy or Ctrl-C to copy the image to the clipboard. Go back to the Word document and right-click/Paste or Ctrl-V to paste the image from the clipboard. Move the image into place. That's it.+ OCR For A PDF Document To Make It Searchable/Selectable (Menu Item: Home/Make PDF Searchable)Power PDF can convert an image-based PDF file into a searchable/selectable PDF file.Cons----- Quirky And Excruciatingly Slow Typewriter Tool (Menu Item: Edit/Typewriter)The Typewriter Tool enables you to place your cursor anywhere and type directly on a PDF document. It sounds good on paper, but in actuality, it is almost impractical because it is excruciatingly slow! After text is typed, it takes SEVERAL SECONDS for the text to appear. While typing, entire lines of text arbitrarily disappears and only reappears seconds after the typing has stopped. The quirks make even small jobs very time consuming and laborious.- Difficult To Select TextThis is more of a quibble, but it bothers me enough that I have to make mention of it: The arrow cursor has to be hovered very precisely over a letter before the cursor changes to a text selector cursor, which then allows you to select text starting from the letter you have hovered over. Otherwise (when the cursor is hovered over any other area) the cursor is a crosshair, which allows you to select ONLY an area of the document (that you can copy/save as an image). This text selection interface makes text selection unnecessarily difficult since it requires micro precision to hover your cursor just right to be able to select text in the document.---Other than a couple of complaints, I like Power PDF. I don't know how Power PDF compares to the current version of Adobe Acrobat (I've only used an older version of Adobe Acrobat). But if the features mentioned in the "pros" section above are what you primarily need a PDF manipulation tool for, Power PDF a good alternative to Adobe Acrobat. Currently at just over 100.00, it is less than half the price of Adobe Acrobat. It's well worth considering if you're on a tight budget.
If you have an Apple product, then forget about it. First off, the packaging is a nightmarish joke. You get NOTHING but a &#34;here's an activation number&#34; insert which is just plain silly. Come on, Norton, you're better than this. Why even have this mailed to people when you could just send that code through email? Sheez, get with the 21st Century!When you do install this play toy product and have an Apple iPhone, iPad or other such device, forget about it! Not gonna work. What a waste of money. You've been warned.