I have Nolo products I bought in the past and I have used Quicken since their first version (I got it from the original owners of the company in person).  Nolo makes (made) some valuable applications but they tend to look like something you would find in MSDOS 3.0.  Quicken, on the other hand has a very slick and easy to understand user interface.WillMaker Plus is very much a Nolo product. Although it contains the basic forms you buy it for, the user interface is so basic it looks like something you would find on PC's from the 1980's.  The willmaking app (the part that most people buy this for) consists of 7 questions.  Seriously, that's it. You are allowed to enter only what the software will let you enter and there are some really basic non-interactive guidelines that are at the same time too basic and also too confusing.I wrote my own will in about 10 minutes, but the software didn't permit me to include ANY specific details for someone to know what my "final intentions" are. I can't imagine anyone having such a basic lifestyle as to just say "give it all to so-and-so".  I think anyone could just hand-write that sort of thing on a piece of paper and hand it to their next of kin.  I expected the software to be more like TurboTax in that it would interview me about what the provisions of my mortgage are, what and where my investments are, what and where my life insurance policies are, what I owe and how to pay that off, what special provisions I may have for friends who are not in my will but who I may want to leave certain things that they've admired to.  But no.  None of the above.  Just 7 questions and a print-out of something that to me really has no practical value.I think Quicken is doing themselves a disservice to put their name on this product. It's not worth the 35 bucks and especially not worth the "list price" of 70. There are hundreds of websites you can go to and download a simple will form that will be just as useful to you as WillMaker Plus.  The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is that it does give you the convenience of having some basic forms all on one disk, a bit of a timesaver.By the way, if you buy this toward the end of 2011, note that the "free updates" are only good through the end of December.
This Windows "program" is a hodge-podge amalgamation of a variety of eBooks, PDFs, and help guides without integration and coordination.  Confusion was the only consistent theme in this application.  Put out by Quicken, the documents are actually created by Nolo, which is a trusted source of legal information.  I'd suggest buying their books instead.The program includes sections on: Buying or Selling a Business; Contracts for Goods and Services; Corporate Minutes and Consents; Forming a Business; Hiring Workers; Leasing Space; LLC Minutes and Consents; Managing Finances; Buying and Selling Real Estate; and Tax Forms.In these sections, instead of giving you a handy Microsoft Word Document that you can fill in obvious blanks on, the program makes you go through a step by step interview and often doesn't remember the information you enter from one form to another so you must enter your name, the name of the business and so forth all over again.  Nor does it integrate with any contact managers so you can easily fill in from there.  When your interview is complete, the document saves only in text or RTF format, which are highly compatible with most programs but at this point, .doc is pretty standard.Many of the items in these sections are simply Adobe Acrobat forms without the ability to edit or annotate them unless you have something besides Acrobat reader.Included in the program are "checklists"  that are very short guides on very weighty subjects such as "How to Form an LLC" and "How to Set Up Tax Reporting and Accounting".  All these checklists do though is point you to other Nolo books or websites and are unable to offer any advice in and of themselves.  In other words, pretty much worthless.Most frustrating to me was the business library which were simple PDFs (or Windows antiquated "Book Reader" format of:  Starting & Running a Small Business; Tax Savvy for Small Business; The Manager's Legal Handbook; How to Write a Business Plan; and Business Loans From Family and Friends.  Unfortunately, these books were previous versions and the newest versions of these books (despite the 2011 in the title of the program) are available elsewhere.Additionally, also included with the program is a printed book called "Your Little Legal Companion" that has absolutely nothing to do with business and contains basic personal legal information that borders on the silly such as "Moving in with your Lover" and "Getting Old." These tidbits of advice had little substantive or legal value and were more like a sidebar from a Sunday newspaper magazine than anything that could be used for real reference or planning.Upon registering the book, Nolo will send you a PDF of their book "101 Law Forms for Personal Use".  Again, this is just a PDF and not any templates that can actually be used within a program.Combined together the program is a good value for all that you are getting.  However if you don't really need all that or want the current versions, I recommend purchasing this collection of eBooks and PDFs individually.
NOLO has a reputation for putting out a large number of useful consumer-oriented legal books on all kinds of topics.  I've given positive reviews for some of these here on Amazon.  This package, however, is not up to the quality that I associate with NOLO.This program is pretty limited, but since it is cheap and includes five PDF e-books (one a download) and one printed book, it is still a good value.This is NOT a Quicken / Intuit product and has nothing whatsoever to do with Quicken.  It is a NOLO product with the name "Quicken" licensed by them from Intuit for branding purposes. (This is similar to the Quicken Loans ads you see on TV.  Those are not Quicken products.)The software behaves like something from Windows 3.1 or at most Windows 95.  I've posted several screenshots to show the old fashioned, non-standard buttons, ugly left sidebar interface buttons, and unprofessional format to the documents created.The program itself is quite primitive.  All it does is fill in blanks in about 60 very basic standard forms, based on an interview, and include or omit paragraphs based on that interview.  For many people, just editing the raw form would be faster.  If you want to edit any of the entries, you have to "next" your way through the entire interview again.Unbelievably, the program does not make any computation for the various loan forms!  I've posted a screenshot for a promissory note that shows the program telling you to go to a website to compute the monthly payment amount - something done by a single formula in Excel, and which this program could certainly have done automatically to prevent serious errors.The usefulness for businesses is very basic.  Forms for contractors have no nondisclosure clauses or agreements, only a few types of organizational documents are included, etc.  The IRS forms included are a joke - they just open in Acrobat Reader to fill in manually, something that anyone can do from the IRS web site, getting the most up-to-date forms.The package does include four complete PDF e-books with a fifth a download after registering.  The books are:  "Business Loans from Family and Friends" (2009), "How to Write a Business Plan" (2008), "Tax Savvy for Small Business" (2009),  "The Managers Legal Handbook" (2009) and the downloadable "101 Law Forms for Personal Use" (2009).  These, along with the "Your Little Legal Companion" printed book, are easily worth the price of the software.The downloaded "101 Law Forms" book also installs folders with all 101 forms in rich text (RTF) format, ready to edit in Word (etc).  The format of these forms is cleaner than that of the forms included in the program itself, and in some ways more complete - for example, including a Notary block on some forms which lack one in the program version.In general, though, I would recommend that do-it-yourselfers purchase the NOLO book that is closest to their actual situation and work from there.
First of all, be aware that this is a total immersion program; no instructions in English to be found, no information on grammar or conjugation. It is as if you are thrown into the country will no guide. Their theory is that after a while you will pick up what you need to know about the language, as children do naturally.However, I think there is a serious flaw to this theory. A child is only able to do this if exposed to the language during the first couple of years of development. Afterward, this feat becomes considerably harder. It is therefore questionable whether an adult can be expected to do the same without sufficient guidance regarding the rules of grammar and conjugation. Rosetta attempts to mitigate this by providing a few months of online access to a native speaker, and this may work in the long run, but you will probably need to buy more access when this option runs out.Rosetta attempts to teach you by rote memorization and lots of repetition, repetition to the point of boredom - associating words or phrases with images. Unfortunately it appears that they have taken the shortcut of trying to use the same set of pictures for every language - not that I have seen all the pictures they use for all of the different languages, but you start wondering when many of the pictures do not seem to fit into the language or cultural context. Often times you're having to guess what word or phrase they're looking for.I would say that it is an attractive looking package that might get you motivated and interested in learning the language. However, for the price, I would have expected more material explaining the ins and outs of the language, even it is only a reference book/file to accompany the software. For example, if you are learning Russian, I cannot see how the program would get you up to speed with learning the complex conjugations to be found in that language, or many others similarly complex languages, for that matter.
I'm mainly a Mac person. On my PC I don't own Office 2007 (I have the 2003 edition), and apparently without it many features of this software package don't work, such as background spell-checking and the thesaurus. Often I can't send e-mail, either. Frustrating!
I want it integrated with the rest of MS Office so it won't do me much good as the standalone from the Amazon Vine program. My Office suite is old and I'm not about to buy the new one, and if I did it would include Outlook so this standalone is no good to me.
Installation proceeded uneventfully, requiring no more time than expected, although it did require a reboot, which I found a little surprising for this sort of application. The interface, while a little confusing to start with, did not take much time to figure out: 'Add Movie' to a 'Compilation', select the target configuration and 'Save As' that configuration.That, however, is about all of the good news. Sure I figured out how to do the conversion process, but then I had to figure out just what I could convert. After trying a large random selection of DVDs from my 500+ disk collection, from early black and whites to current releases to documentaries to TV shows, I drew a complete 0% that I could convert. Wanting to at least have converted something when I wrote this review, I chose a 256Mb mpg file of my wife's graduation (about 5-10 minutes elapsed play time). Conversion time on my 2GHz AMD 64 system required just shy of 10 minutes. Running at normal priority effectively locked up my system as Crunch hogged 99% of the processor, in background priority it left me able to write this review while I reran the conversion. The resulting file was playable on my iPod with reasonable resolution and Crunched to 32Mb.So what is the bottom line? If all that you are looking for is a tool to convert your home movies to watchable format on your iPod or similar device, Crunch, while a little slow in my opinion, will do the job. If, however, you are looking for a way to backup your DVD library or even make some of the movies available for portable devices, this is not the tool for you. Given what it can do, I have to conclude that Crunch is either over priced or under featured.[I have to agree with another reviewer that AoA DVD Ripper does indeed seem to be a fine choice for those interested in backing up their DVD collection.]P-)
There are a LOT of anti virus software packages available, and many people rely on names like McAfee and Norton to provide the best protection, and the easiest interaction, in favor of "bundled" security from their internet provider.I have used McAfee in the past and find a lot of their features, excellent but having removed my existing AV setup and installed this, I am about to go back to my original one, and can't help asking - What were they thinking?To put it simply, one word WIRELESS.If you have any kind of home wireless setup, and are thinking of a three license package (like this one) DON'T.To quote the packaging - New! Automatic wireless security key rotation thwarts even the most determined wireless hackers - this is certainly true. The only problem is, unless you are VERY good at setting up your own software, ISP filters, TCP's etc you will find it will BLOCK your OWN wireless setup probably. It took me an age to reconfigure the firewalls on each PC to just get an internet connection?Maybe it's me but I think McAfee has really dropped the ball with this package. The rest of the features seem OK and pretty standard, but I felt that we were moving forward with wireless, and in an attempt to make it super safe, they've made it extremely difficult to use.I hate to write a bad review, but do some research, there are better products out there. 2 stars.
McAfee was a nightmare to deal with. I tried for an entire weekend to love it. I talked to it, on a frequent basis, I fed it the daily updates, I even begged for it to stop with its slow crawl of a scan. But nope, it took its sweet time, its slow sweet time. The interface is rather easy and intuitive, but for some odd reason, it just had such a dreadful outcome, slowing down my PC. I don't know if that is due to the plethora of security features it offers or just because it's cruddy.I have three PCs, but I only installed it on one. I must pat myself on the back for dodging a headache of triple proportions. And forget about reasonable tech support, you'd come off better placing a new born down in front of your PC with a graham cracker for a progress reward.
Installation was simple, encountered no errors running XP Pro. The interface seemed straight forward and easy to understand. However, I didn't notice any features that I would readily use that aren't available from freeware programs such as Zone Alarm. If you know where to look, you can get everything McAfee offers for free on the net from AdAware to K9 to Spybot. I've been using these freeware programs since release and I've never had a complaint. My PC has never been affected by any virus of any kind. So in my opinion, why fix what ain't broke? I can get better protection for free and I don't have to worry about McAfee dipping into my bank account without warning. Not a difficult choice! Avoid and stick with the freeware. They work better, they're free, and they don't hog all your system resources.
It is very difficult for the typical user to provide a truly insightful review of a product like this. Why? Because most of us are already protected from most internet threats by our Internet Service Provider. For example, the router supplied by my DSL provider has a firewall. My domain host screens for viruses and other malware. And, of course, I don't open attachments from strangers or even many of the people I know.Additionally, there are many free utilities that perform many of the same tasks with less burden on the computer and less intrusively.So I simply can't realistically evaluate this package in terms of how well it performs its basic functions.Those services who do test programs such as this for their actual effectiveness put McAfee Internet Security Internet Suite in the middle of the pack.  I'll have to take their word for it.Installation is no more difficult than it should be on a computer running Windows XP. I have not tested it on Windows Vista.In terms of operation, McAfee puts a burden on the CPU, much the same way the Norton competitor does. McAfee is very intrusive with popups and warnings and, frankly, is irritating.The very worst feature, in my opinion, is the enforced automatic renewal plan. You are compelled to provide a credit card number in the installation process to sign up for this dubious benefit. Yes, you can cancel, but not through McAfee's web site. No, you have to use Chat, Email or Telephone which require 8, 7 and 5 steps respectively. None of these methods provide instant cancellation.If it were not for this "benefit", I might have given the product three stars. Because of it, I was tempted to give it one star. I find it offensive that a software publisher demands I obligate myself to a financial committment before I have even used the product - and makes me jump through hoops to cancel this forced purchase. McAfee also offers a 30 day refund policy on the entire product.Overall, ignoring the forced renewal subscription agreement, the product is about average. A bit more streamlined than Norton, it is also more intrusive. It costs a bit less for three computer coverage than Norton. On the whole, computer users are well advised to research and consider both free and other commercial offerings before choosing this product. And if you do purchase this product, be very wary of their forced automatic renewal.Jerry
It looks good, but that's about it ...While I'm not a noob when it comes to software and computers, I'm not Bill Gates either, so please take everything I say in this review as one user's opinion and not gospel. I give this disclaimer because everybody's computers will react different, even two machines that are of identical builds.First ...I tested this out on my Dell Inspiron Laptop 1721. I recently purchased this computer and had been solely using Lavasoft's Adaware on it to keep it clean, which was doing a very good job in sync with windows Firewall. Don't worry ... I hear you gasping out there ... yeah, I'm using Vista. The firewall in Vista is a bit more improved and more sensitive than the one in XP.  Still with me?1. The installation of the software was smooth. I encountered no problems with any of the typically problematic Dell stuff that's installed before you buy the machine which usually gets in the way and brings out the blue screens. It did uninstall Norton (thankfully), which I haven't used on this machine (and never will) and also uninstalled the Lavasoft Adaware. These two programs cause conflicts with OneCare ... so I let the machine uninstall them both. Adaware is free, so --  no loss there.2. After it was done, which didn't take long, surprisingly, I had to create a OneCare account with our nice friends at Microsoft. Then I had to make another account with Microsoft that basically did the same thing. This kind of thing is typical with Microsoft as they love to verify the bejesus out of you, your machine and your entire life. It's not always mandatory with other companies until you pay for a subscription or want premium services.3. The interface looked clean, neat and easy to use, (sounds like a girl I once dated, hmm ...) I had no problems running the virus / spyware palette that they recommended either. But here is the snag: I had manually placed 10 files on the C drive directly from the quarantine folder from my Lavasoft Adaware that I had on another computer. Guess what? OneCare didn't find a single one. Most of them were just simple tracking cookies that came up during a quick scan. But the 1 hour long "quick scan" from OneCare yielded no results. Sigh ...Here's the problem with this software in a nutshell ...If you have a new machine and you're  running Vista, OneCare will probably work for you as long as you DON'T do the following:a) Click on advertisements on the internetb) Get phished. Google it if you're unaware.c) Look at scantily clad women ... ahem. I think you know what I mean here.d) Open unnecessary .exe attachments from unknown people.If you're not that kind of person, then you should be fine. But if you aren't, and you're on an older machine, or you already have a machine that behaves strangely and turns off all by itself, then you might be better served with saving your money and plonking down $50 and gettingsomething more reliableor using several of the other free programs simultaneously. Microsoft rarely takes the latter kind of person very serious as a customer, as the problems are often too interwoven and too complex. That's why they love to have companies, like Dell and HP use those nifty "fix" disks - that just resets everything. It's simpler.Also, you need to know that this program should've been included free of charge within Vista, but that's just my five cents.It doesn't take long to see the benefits and the drawbacks from these types of programs. Benchmarking and personal testing goes a long way rather than just assuming that this stuff is going to do its job.If you're curious and you really want to learn ... then spend some time reading up on the two following commands listed below and your life will be simplified a thousand fold when it comes to your computer:1. msconfig2. services.mscYes, I did list them in matter of importance. Know them well. But don't get cocky or it may spell your doom, especially with number two.Be proactive and take care of your computer. Unfortunately, OneCare, barring a serious overhaul of their virus / spyware engine, is probably not the best solution for this.Post-script: and as for the fancy plastic case that it comes in ... I could've easily done without it in lieu of the old paper sleeve which seemed to me, just fine; and good luck getting it open.
I've been using OneCare for a few months now.  Overall, not a bad solution for the price (but overy "controlling" as some reviewers have mentioned, like rebooting with no notice.)  But I just recently ran into an issue with backups that is a deal killer for me.  I have about 700GB of files on my PC that need backing up, and USB 2.0 was just taking WAY too long, so I purchased a new Seagate FreeAgent 750GB external hard drive with eSATA connection.  (For those of you unfamiliar with eSATA, it has become the new standard for high speed PC backups to external drives ... most benchmarks show 3-5x faster than USB on actual transfer speeds.) Anyhow, Microsoft is VERY misleading when they say OneCare will backup to any "external drive", because it will NOT back up to an eSATA drive.  This is because eSATA connects directly to the SATA ports on the computer motherboard, which means OneCare can't tell the difference between your normal internal drive and the eSATA drive.  So, it ignores them all!
Take a good look at the system requirements for this software! Although it says Windows XP, you also need "The Latest Service Pack" for it to work.  Wanting to review this product, I instead went to my parent's to use their Mac to give it a go. On the package back, there's also a note about it working the best with a "Wacom tablet"--something else I didn't have. These are hugely expensive, btw, but I'm sure they'd make your experience better than mine. I do fancy myself somewhat of an artist (oils, watercolors) so I was excited to try this as something to bring me into the digital age. Unfortunately using just a regular mouse was clumsy and didn't produce the results pictured in the demo. I'm very disappointed in this software. I think people that have the Vista or Mac capabilities needed and the tablets will have the best results for this.
Pros1) ummm.......Looks niceCons : Pretty much what has been said before1) NO ENDNOTE SUPPORT (and in the absence of VBA, likely never to get endnote support in the near future)2) Very slow in start-up!3) Pricey, very pricey for what you getThe only solution for academic users I suggest is to install and use "Bookends" by Sonny software, which they have had to use a scripts workaround to work with office 2008, but AT LEAST IT WORKS! (I've found bookends to be superior to endnote anyways)In summary, $400US for a facelift is a bit pricey...I think it is time for both Apple and Microsoft to get back to basics and address flaws in their software: pre-Intel the situation was far superior.
Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac:I previously reviewed the Home & Student Edition on my old G4 Mac Mini. I recently bought a new Intel based Mac Mini (2.0 GHz) with 4 GB of RAM, from Amazon. I also got the "full" copy of MS Office Mac. I had thought it would be a more fully featured version. But, it is NOT. For about three times the money you get MS Exchange compatibility and two LESS licenses. I really didn't fully understand this at first. Now I do. Unless you absolutely need Exchange in Entourage, there is no need to buy this version. Save the money and get the Home version.  I also need to correct some of my earlier review, which I will quote and amend below.To start the installation process, even on the new Mini took forever. I am estimating an hour to no more updates needed. That was quite an ordeal! It really should have been one big update and reboot and done, it was not. It was over and over and over rebooting and updating. Phew!"Entourage is the answer to Outlook. It's pretty good as a mail client and contact and appointment organizer. It also successfully synced to my Mobile Me account. It's much slicker than the Mac Mail client but you'd hope it was for a for sale product.  It is nice to have mail contacts and calendar in one program as it belongs. This is the best reason for Entourage, consolidation of the obvious. Apple insists they be separate."  Well that was earlier. Now I can't get Mobile Me (which Office continues to call .Mac, really Microsoft?) to properly sync the calendar. This is a major pain! It worked earlier and now it doesn't. I was working earlier on Tiger now I'm on Leopard, is that why? I don't know. I really wanted to use Entourage but now it's useless to me."Excel and Power Point are the more business oriented, apps included in Office. They function well and as expected but on a G4 a little slowly.  Excel provides spreadsheet capabilities and Powerpoint, does presentations. "  No real changes here these two operate juts fine and as they should."A bonus app is Microsoft Messenger. Readily available on the web, but included in this app for easy installation."  Still there and still works, but I wonder how many true Mac people will actually use this client.Overall a very comprehensive package, but for around $300 it really is overpriced and not worth the extra cost unless you absolutely need Exchange and absolute Office compatibility.  It competes with the free open source office apps like "Open Office" and FREE is a compelling price!  It also is the standard by which other office apps are measured and keeps that lead in check. My only reservation is if you have an older Mac, PowerPC based, you will find it too slow.Day to day operations are quite quick on the new Mini and assume even better on more powerful Macs.  I have to wonder if this version is even needed with Apple building Exchange right into the next OS??
If you have used previous versions of this software suite on your Mac before, you will probably notice a lot of differences with this one. Some for the good, some for the bad.Excel is the component most of us take issue with. Yes, you can make and open larger spreadsheets now, but in dropping the Visual Basic, our previous macros are worthless. It's still slow to open large spreadsheets as well.It does look a bit spiffier, but I thought Microsoft had learned their lesson with Vista that making things bright and shiny with nothing really under the hood turns more people off than on.At least you can run it on Intel Macs, and Word, Powerpoint and Entourage will get you where you need to be. Just be sure to have Word save in the good old .doc format, or you won't be able to share with older versions of Word, on PC's or Macs.If you never have used Office for Mac before, then you probably won't miss the features they dropped, and if you just do basic stuff, not too advanced on any of the components, you'll be ok.
I was disappointed in this product, and found it did not work nearly as well as the Mac versions of the same programs.  If you need to use Office on your Mac though, it will provide that functionality.
I must admit, Norton is getting better. I agree with most of the other comments below - this version of Ghost is better than previous versions, with much more efficient backup & friendlier user interface. But while it might do a quick, decent backup, it is not reliable in restoring your system.I simply cannot recommend any Norton/Symantec products. And for the life of me, I cannot understand how they have held onto a reputation of being the PC security/backup/recovery company.There are many, many better products out there that are free. Just to name a few security/recovery programs (that every PC user should use): ZoneAlarm or Comodo, AVG, a2, spybot search & destroy, AdAware, and every PC user should download and install the HOSTS files from MVPS-org.For backup, use a combination of these programs, and look on life hacker, boing boing, zdnet, and other forums for a backup/recovery system that works best for you. Do NOT rely on the Vista backup system, either. Or, buy a 1-touch external hard drive. Or perhaps my best advice would be, move to a Mac, or get Linux (I am especially enjoying the new Ubuntu version on my Asus Eee). But I strongly suggest avoiding the temptation to get ANY McAffee or Norton products. None of them work well.
Ghost has followed the footsteps of the other Norton products and declined in quality over the years.  The feature set is not that great and the gui is awful.  It does the job its supposed to but many of the extra features aren't that useful.
I can still remember how much I liked Norton Utilities years ago.  Some of that still shows through here because when I boot my system from the CD I get access to some very nice tools (including an excellent partition editor, virus scan, internet access and all my drives are visible).  The disk-to-disk copy tool is also very handy if you are migrating an entire hard drive to another hard drive (AKA disk imaging).The backup application is badly lacking.  For starters it operates very slowly.  Every operation, no matter how trivial, takes a long time to complete.  Further, when I tried to create a Recovery Disk or LightsOut Restore I got an "Error EC950008" for which Symantec currently has no solution.Perhaps the most annoying thing of all is that you cannot easily select files within a folder.  You can either select a whole folder or a single file but you can't go into a folder and just use checkboxes to select files.  This is something EMC Retrospect has and I think it is absurd that a backup tool would lack that functionality.  For purely backup purposes I'd recommend Retrospect Express over Norton Ghost.
Despite the friendly face on the cover, this is far from user-friendly software. It seems simple enough, and, when you begin to use it, looks like it should be a breeze. Once you get going, however, be prepared with your telephone and some ibuprofen. When I tried to use it to backup my PC running Windows XP, I ran into so many problems that I spent over an hour on the phone with customer support. After jumping through a few dozen hurdles and reconfiguring a few dozen files, finally we had success. Overall, there are so many easier and more reliable programs out there that I simply cannot recommend Norton Ghost 14.0.
I wonder who really needs this product. It is way too complicated to install. Restoration is not flawless by any means, i.e. you cannot count on it working when you really need it working. So, for backup of user files I will just use a simple script with xcopy, and for system restoration go through the complete reinstall: it will guarantee that everything is fine the way it should be.
Having been a user for Peter Norton's programs for more than 10 years right from Norton disk doctor to Norton PC tools, the Norton Ghost was a major let down.Right now, I am using Second Copy backup to backup data on my laptop onto my tiny external drive - it is simple, does basic things and easy to configure.  Although I wish it had more features - the software works great and meets 80% of my needs.On upgrading to what seemed like a more professional better software - Norton Ghost 14, I very disappointed:- Very difficult to configure and use :  the menu/UI is hard and not intuitive - My expectation is that I should be able to use this kind of software without having to go through any books/manuals.  Even after looking at the help, it is not an intuitive peice of software- Buggy software : I get frustrated to see exception messages flying out from the UI when you are doing even the simplests of the tasks.Overall, stay away from this software - If you are a home user just wanting to backup your videos and photos, you should be able to get some freeware backup software or pay a small price of less than $30 to buy some decent software that really works.
I'm going to be generous and give Norton 360 two stars. The protection deserves five stars, but the slowing of my computer gets less than zero. It's a trade off, I guess. Norton does work well, but it markedly slows down all aspects of my computer.Installation was simple and took about 45 minutes (which included uninstalling an older version of Norton). Immediately after installation my computer, which uses Windows XP and is normally sufficiently fast, slowed to a standstill and I wasn't able to do anything at all. I almost uninstalled the whole mess but decided against it and let Norton do its thing for another day. After the second day, my computer began to speed back up but never has regained its former speed.
After downloading the Microsoft Upgrade Advisor, and removing all the possible problem software I had. I was unable to choose the upgrade option on the installation.  After selecting the radio button for upgrade only, it would allow only a full installation.  Because this is my main home PC used for telework as well, I did not want to loose all my existing applications and set up.The manual in the Windows Vista Home SP 1, did not indicate that their were limitations on what OS could be upgraded. My existing OS is just XP.I ended up having to restore all my settings to the previous set up.  I will wait to re-try this as a full installation once I plan to replace my motherboard in several weeks.  I could not be certain whether the OS would allow me to reinstall Vista if the motherboard changed.I am still disappointed that this install did not allow me to just do an upgrade as opposed to a full install which would wipe out my existing software.
I tried Windows Vista Home Premium SP1 to see if it was worth upgrading my home XP machine to Vista. I just can't find any compelling reason to upgrade to Vista. I have I gig of memory in my home machine and with XP it runs fine. With Vista I have to turn off the Aero graphics due to limited memory on my machine. Once the Aero graphics are turned off the system runs close to the speed of XP but you loose the major feature upgrade of Vista which is the improved graphics.I have a MCSE so I'm very familiar with Microsoft OS's but I just don't find Vista to be very intuitive. Seems to me that they put pretty front ends on the same interfaces that are running once you get through the new front ends on system preferences and configuration. I find it harder to move around Vista and find things, and I have given it a good chance to become familiar with but still find it non intuitive.I've had issues with the wireless on Vista. Easy to connect to my linksys but the connection keeps falling off and and then adds a new connection with a new name to the wireless list. I have had no issues with XP or my Mac 10.5 on my linksys router. Not sure why Vista is struggling but it has become a pain to deal with, especially when someone non technical is using the laptop and I'm not home and the connection drops.So, if you are an XP user I wouldn't waist the money on the upgrade. Stay with XP unless you are looking to purchase a new PC or laptop and then you will be stuck with Vista whether you like it or not.
The most important thing you have to remember to do, is thoroughly investigate the compatibility of your system.  Don't just do the online checklists, call your computer manufacturer before you buy ANY Vista OS.  Find out what you can handle or what you need to do to handle it.With that said, this software is not ready to be released. Yet, here it is.I also have Vista Ultimate on my Laptop, with better luck.  But with this, I installed on my slightly older desktop.  I had to upgrade the drive space and memory, and figured this would be a great way to pump up my computer.  But, it does not look like it's doing too well.  There is a  jumping effect with the mouse, and everything feels jittery.  Basically, feels unstable.  I don't do much but web surfing, word documents and printing on the desktop.  So, I was not expecting much.  There are many elements that I like, but I have updated and removed and edited so much, and it still feels like it's about to die on me.  I wish I could give it a better review with more information, but I can't do too much without it acting up.  I've had the desktop for about two years, and it basically feels too old.I'm giving it more time, and hope I will adjust.  But, I would think this is best to be pre-installed with a new computer and not to replace an OS on your current one.
Windows Vista doesn't seem to have achieved anywhere near the popularity of XP and for good reason.  There's no significant improvement to be gained. Plus you are faced with too many version choices with Vista.When I upgraded from Windows 98 to XP, I was thrilled.  XP was so much better than the buggy, unreliable 98. It ran software easier, had a lot more drivers, and basically managed the computer like an operating system should. I would say the adage "if it ain't broke don't fix it" would apply to the question of whether one should upgrade from XP to Vista.Vista still has the problem of not being compatible with older software and hardware.  And many manufacturers are not providing updated drivers for Vista. It uses a lot more disc space and memory than even the memory hogging XP. And it tries to be too fancy and helpful for its own good. In my opinion there is nothing that Vista does that is worth making the switch from XP.That said, if you are buying a new computer then you might as well get it with Vista.  A new computer hopefully comes with hardware and software that the manufacturer has determined runs properly under a Vista environment so you shouldn't have any problems, and the computer should have the necessary resources in terms of CPU and memory to adequately run Vista.  Plus, Vista is newer so it is going to be supported by Microsoft longer than XP will. And, all new hardware and software will be compatible with Vista.The new interface in Vista is pretty, and you may like the way it looks better than earlier versions of Windows.  But in terms of actually operating the system and controlling the computer, I really don't think there is any compelling reason to move from XP. And if you are using older versions of software, don't even think of changing to Vista because you won't be able to run most of them.
After having this installed on my ancient Compaq, I decided to dump it and go back to XP.  I have hardly any memory in my computer (only 256), and this definitely didn't work well.  I've got an old video card, too.  My computer simply couldn't keep up.  I never activated it (phew) so I will be able to hold onto the OS until I get a better computer to try it out on.
Having read horror stories about installation problems, I installed Vista Premium on a computer I seldom use. I found installation quick and easy with no problems I could find.However, it's not a good sign when the best you can say about a software program is that you were able to install it. And that's the only good thing I have to say about Vista Premium.Why the developers change old straightforward labels for confusing new labels and icons? Did they really mean to add hours to simple tasks just because I'm wandering around in the program trying to find the icon for what I want to do? Whatever happened to "user-friendly?"An ugly side of Vista is that it's a space hog. It's absconded with more than 40% of the space on my hard drive, and I want it back! Another irritation . . . a software program I love and use weekly no longer works. I'm not in favor of spending another $350 just to get the newer version of the same program that will work and play well with Vista.My computer, although used infrequently, is not my toy. When I use it, it's because I want to create something, not waste precious time looking at irrelevant eye candy. I can find sites that will help me disable much of the useless content, but why should I have to spend hours tweaking the computer instead of writing or doing graphic work. Doesn't make sense to me.Why Vista? I can't think of a reason. I'm going back to XP, thanks!
Vista Home Premium installs in a similar fashion to Vista Ultimate, with truly similar headaches.Home Premium looks similar to  ultimate, as one would expect, but follows some slightly different setup patterns, however some elements of the install steps are similar to XP and pre-XP Windows.After setup of Home Premium, it looks like the security settings are basically the same as Ultimate.I had saved the Drivers and apps from my Ultimate install, and they did come in handy.It seems like any non-Vista "ready" hardware is not installed automatically. So, I installedmy NIC( Linksys Gigabit)and Sound Card( Audigy 2 ZS).Home Premium has more "Family Friendly" games, or so it feels like. Within the system , problem solving is far more pro-active  than Ultimate, so I assume that Home Premium is presumed to be less  DIY, set for "self solving" soutions.Also,seems like the system is set to push "Windows Anytime Upgrade".Shutdown is strangely slow as well.During regular running, the pages in IE7 crash easily. Applications that work normally in XP and are supposed to work in Vista just die with no apparent reason given.Just in a basic sense the requirements of 1 Gig of Memory and Processor level are just too low.Vista Needs a lot of memory and even in Home Premium its a Hog for memory.Looking at the Welcome screen of Home Premium, the pivotal center of the OS,"GET STARTED" has 14 sections.Part of this is file and system backup , and this uses restore point which can revert to C drive restorepoints which people still think are unibersally okay.People need to have it reinforced that regular whole system backup of the hard-drive And the registry is important ; The argument  partially against this is people should trust the OS backup system ( in Vista) and leave it at that, well what I recommend is that a specialised programme be used ( Like Norton GHOST, but you can use whatever you think works best) simply because the The Three Rules of Computers I learned early is  BACKUP, BACKUP, BACKUP. Transfer of files has now become "Windows Easy Transfer", and looks  suspiciously problematic.All of these key points I have mentioned raise security flags, when used, with "User Account Control"(UAC), the central security watchdog in Vista ( and I mean that if UAC thinks something an issue, like a page or an application , the number of security  buttons gets silly).So, use of Vista Home Premium can cause raging fits by the UAC. Despite ALL the security, you still have to purchase an antivirus product.Despite all of the raging claims of OS completeness, after seeing so many people with problems with Vista, and finally seeing the SP1 versions that still cannot fix the problems, I cannot in honestly recommend this OS. It will work with a high degree of maintenance, but who wants a high maintenance PC? If you want the Looks of Vista, as well as the performance, then a MacBook Pro will do just great.Personally, If I can ever get a look at a G5 I may go for one of those, but sinceI work with PCs, I recommend only things I have used and know work well ( Like the VX Nano Mouse ).
I was pretty excited to try out Vista when it first came out, but after a week of using it, I uninstalled out of frustration and went back to XP.  The GUI is pretty cool and from a glance, Vista looks great.  But when you start actually using it is when the trouble begins.  The biggest problem I had with it are the new security features.  Whenever you install anything or make any changes to drivers, etc, a popup comes up asking you if you want to Allow/Continue?  Maybe this is a great feature if you're in an office environment and don't want a bunch of people installing solitaire all day, but as an advanced user, it annoyed me to death. And even worse, there was no easy way to get rid of it until I found a workaround online that involved changing the registry.  These popups came up ALL THE TIME.  I would see them literally every 15 seconds when navigating the File Manager.  Want to rename a file?  Need permission.  Want to move a file?  Need permission.  I was even specified as an Administrator under my user settings but Vista didn't care and still gave me the popups.The next problem I had was that you pretty much have to do a clean install to get it working smoothly.  If you try to upgrade, you are going to find it performs slugglishly.  By "clean install," I mean you need to format your hard drive and install it as a brand new application.  This alone took me about 4 hours of copying files to a backup drive and writing down all of the applications I would have to reinstall.Vista seems like Windows ME all over again.  I was hoping with the release of Service Pack 1 they would have fixed a lot of the issues users were complaining about, but no such luck.  I eventually uninstalled Vista, formatted my drive AGAIN, and reinstalled XP.  I will wait for Vista (or a new version) to become more user-friendly and for more of the bugs to be ironed out.
I thought that I might want to upgrade to Vista now that some of the ugly rumor smoke had cleared, and I was having fun with it for a time. It has a sleek exterior, a nice finish, and even reminded me of something I once owned and even liked. The problem was that it only took me a little while to remember that the thing I liked so much had broken on me for no really good reason and, like that thing, Vista started getting a little buggy with me.I have to admit that the SP1 has helped out and that the product is a better one. When I first looked to Vista itwas with a pail and shouts of fire, but now it was with a calmer voice and a willingness to try it out for a little while. It did take a long time to load - I did not like that part of the process - and I was not overjoyed with some of the cons that crept into the fabric of the mire. Still, it is hard to bet against Microsoft for an extended period - I just don't think I would have taken this above my XP.I guess it is one of those things that a person needs to look into before getting because, in some ways, this could be the thing that makes them love the Soft again. It could also make a person mad - but what upgrades haven't done that when you really look back and think "major overhaul?"O well - if you pick a product on one review then I guess you wanted it anyhow.
I didn't receive home premium,but I received "Ultimate".However as part of Amazon Vine this is where I am slated to post the review.The face of the program is attractive,and the organization of windows more efficient.I also like the ease of booting up and the time saved.I can only say that after upgrading from Vista home basic windows vista,reloading my programs became a fiasco in terms of getting my computer back to normal with all my programs.First I was modifying or upgrading,but by some mishap I didn't have an "Old windows" folder that I thought would be there after the modification from windows vista basic. On windows vista basic home edition all my programs worked,no crashes.If you run Nero (ahead) in my opinion the best burning program,stay away from this ultimate vista.I found out later that my main burning program ahead nero wouldn't even reload.I was forced to use a dumbed down roxio program that came with my computer. I then googled to find many others with this problem. After an evening wasted with compatibility problems,I have decided that this program is not yet user friendly. I don't recommend it.ULTIMATE is anything but in my book.If the compatibility with Nero was adressed I would like the program now that most of my problems with changing has eased up.
Windows Vista came out with such fanfare as a game changer for the PC market.  Perhaps it was ahead of its time with hardware unable to keep pace.  The OS had many features that were simply not quite there and never lived up to the hype.  Windows 7 is essentially what Windows Vista should have been.With this retail package, you're given the choice of installing the 32-bit or 64-bit flavor of Vista Ultimate.  It is true that Vista Ultimate does include many "features" that has since been stripped in Windows 7 but much of that is considered bloatware.In a basic speed comparison test, I reformatted and installed XP Pro, Vista Ultimate, and 7 Ultimate on three identical systems -- Core2Duo 2.4Ghz with 4GB ram each -- with no tweaks to the settings.  The performance was as expected -- 7 Ultimate was fastest followed by XP Pro and then Vista Ultimate.  I transferred files via USB and over the network -- the results remained consistent, Windows 7 was still quicker by far.You would think that a newer OS would be more resource hungry than an older OS -- but this doesn't seem to be the case.If speed is important to you, skip Vista and go to straight to Windows 7 Ultimate.  If you're in no hurry, Windows 8 is expected to be released later this year.
Have been running this on a fast machine since Feb 2007 and it is pure crap.  The UAC feature really makes the machine sluggish when trying to load new software.  On some occasions it takes UAC as long as 4 minutes to come up with a Window for you to allow an install.  The hard disk grinds constantly.  The boot up takes 4-5 times as long as Mac OS 10.5.8.  Just an absolute disgrace.
This review updated on June 4, 2008 (see the section after the asterisks):I attempted to install this operating system (OS) on my 1.8 Ghz eMachine PC. My PC is on the older side but within the minimum specs required to install the software as outlined on the box.Since I couldn't get the OS to install, I will talk about the installation experience for the reference of other potential buyers.The first thing I did was choose to install and run the Windows Vista Advisor software so it could analyze my PC and offer some information on whether or not it was compatible. This required downloading another bit of system software for the Advisor software to run. The Advisor listed software which I had installed under XP that would not run or may have compatibility issues under Vista and mentioned that there may be some Vista functionality that I could not have based on my PC's specs. Note that it did not say that the OS would not run on my particular PC.I chose a custom install which allowed for the installer software to make the best choices based on its analysis of my PC and it ran for around an hour giving periodic messages and at times restarting. This was all as should be expected. Unfortunately, after some time, my display went black and my external hard drive's access light stuck on red (which means it was no longer accessible). I waited a half hour to see if this was part of the installation process, but there was no change whatsoever. At that point, I had to force a restart.Upon restarting, I was told that the installation was unsuccessful and that the installation would be undone. When the PC booted back up, it was running in XP in the same state it was in before the installation began and a message encouraged me to have my system analyzed to make sure it was compatible. However, I had already taken this step.Though I wasn't able to install the software, I was impressed that it perfectly preserved my old system, applications and documents after the failure. In the near future, when I have significant amounts of time to tweak the installation, I hope to make another attempt to see if I can get the OS to install. I suspect that the black screen problem may have been the result of my upgraded video card conflicting with the built-in integrated graphics chip. I suspect Windows Vista may be attempting to tap into the integrated chip and this is causing a crash. I will have to work out how to disable the onboard chip during installation or physically remove the card to verify this. However, it may be prudent for others with a similar configuration (both an integrated graphics card and an upgraded card) to keep my experience in mind before installing Vista.I will update this review when and if I successfully install Vista and detail how I got it to work should I manage it (and particularly whether or not the graphics card was the issue). I'm giving Vista two stars at this time mainly because of the Advisor software's ability to "warn" the buyer about what might break with Vista and in what way software may fail to function and the way the installer kept everything intact despite the failure to install. While it is disappointing to have the OS fail to install, it's less troubling if you experience no data loss in the attempt.******************A few months after failing to install Vista on my PC, I successfully installed it on a MacBook Intel Dual Core 2.4 Ghz with 2 GB of RAM. Installation on the MacBook was smooth and performance very speedy. I had to install the set of drivers that came with BootCamp to make everything fully functional, but I was able to configure Vista to do web surfing independent of Apple's drivers and it ran pretty well even without the correct drivers (it just did not have sound and ran at a default screen resolution). I was also able to smoothly locate shared drives on my home network and make a wireless connection.Vista's main problem is that it smothers the user with caution and makes you dig around to turn all the warnings off. Every time an application launches or a piece of software is installed, Vista asks for your permission. It can be quite maddening after awhile but can be shut down using the control panel and accessing User Account settings. However, Microsoft really should have added the option to turn off all such warnings to the dialog boxes themselves rather than making the user tinker with the control panel settings.The only other issue I have had with Vista is its refusal to allow me to use disc images. On a laptop, it's far faster and more convenient to run games off of images rather than  having to carry around several discs when you have the whim to fire up a game. Eventually, I purchased a piece of shareware that seemed to do the job for now, but it is clear that Microsoft is doing all it can to circumvent anything with a hint of impropriety, even at the user's expense.All that being said, I'd recommend Vista Ultimate to anyone with an Intel Mac of the same or greater specs than my MacBook if games or Windows-only software is on your horizon. It runs well and is easy to install. In particular, better support for the low-end integrated graphics cards that Apple uses in its mobile and low-end machines is available for Vista. I couldn't run games available for both Mac and PC on the Mac side because the driver software was incompatible and the Mac has no ability to run older software in compatibility mode. In Vista, I updated the driver software and I ran some very old and well-loved games in Windows XP compatibility mode.I'd like to upgrade my star rating of Vista to 4 stars for a Mac running BootCamp but I'm afraid I can't edit the star rating after the fact.
The fifth time was a charm (!) when I tried to install this software on my Windows XP based system. I have a relatively new system and so I did not anticipate all the problems I had in installing this software. I've usedAdobe Premiere Elements 4before and evenNero 8 Ultra Editionfor some light movie editing and never had a problem with the install or in burning the final DVD. With Ulead VideoStudio I am stumped.The first 3 times I tried to install it the installation simply froze in the middle and I had to shut down my system to get it to work again. The 4th time I was able to load the software and then it asked me to insert the bonus CD which comes with WinDVD - the CD authoring software - and extra audio, video clips. The moment WinDVD started to install on my system it tried to delete some files which caused a fatal system error and I got blue screened. I began again the next day, I installed the software again and did not put in the bonus CD as suggested.The software is easy to work with, it can convert your DV tapes to digital media or you can edit your digital media. It's easy to drop in your video clips, drag in audio and use transitions. You may not able to use your computer for much else while editing unless you have a very powerful system. However, once you're done editing, it can be very frustrating to go through the authoring process.My system keeps freezing repeatedly and it becomes really difficult to create a DVD from this software most times. I am not sure if the hassle is worth my time, even though the software interface is intuitive and easy to use. If I get the system freeze one more time while trying to make a DVD, I am going to uninstall the software.
About the only video I'm interested in working with is the video that I get from my cell phone.  I have Motorola RAZR so it isn't some obscure model no one ever heard of.  I was surprised to see that there was no support for the 3g2 file format in Ulead.I contacted Corel to make sure that they did, in fact, not support this file format.  They don't--at least not yet.  They may support it in the future as patch update (no time line was given).
The possibility of watching DVD movies on my PC sounded wonderful, and the thought of being able to see same on my laptop was too good to be true.Unfortunately, for me, it is still too good to be true.  I've been unable to get it onto my computer.  Yes, I do have the system requirements.Granted, on a scale of 1 - 10 my computer ineptitude is a 10.  So, I have my computer guru coming soon for his annual visit, and I'll ask him to have a go at it.Must say that I've always had the best results from Corel, so I'm remaining optimistic.  Will certainly report back if it works!
For the past three weeks, to no avail, I am been working on-and-off with several computers to get WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray to work.  I thought for sure that my newest computer, a Dell XPS 420 could make WinDVD work because it exceeded the required specs:  Minimum CPU Intel Core 2 Quad Processor Q6600 2.40 Ghz (mine was a Intel Core 2 Quad Q9300 2/5 Ghz w/6 MB cache and 375W power supply); 256 MB system memory (mine was 3.0 GB); 128 MB VGA RAM (mine was 256 MB); ATI Radeon X1600 graphics card (mine was the Radeon HD 2600 XT).  My OS was Vista Ultimate.  My Blu-ray was a Blu-ray AND DVD+/-RW,X read/write (PLDS DH-4B1S 4X H/H SATA BD-RE).  No dice!I could get WinDVD 9 Plus Blu-ray to work on my XP Media Center PC, and I really liked what I saw including the playback features it had, but I was really hoping that I would find a program that could integrate better with my Blu-ray burner/player. Even after cutting-out most of the background programs, I couldn't get WinDVD9 Plus Blu-ray to even load.As a Vine reviewer, I was given a contact person, and the URL of a web site, to help me if I had any problems.  Initially, I thought about using that contact (I did visit the web site and found I had done all that they were were telling people to do if they had problems), but I realize that the average person would not have that sort of service at their finger tips, so I didn't pursue such assistance, but I tried to work through the problems using the help and other information provided with the product.  It was all to no avail.I hope that one day there will be a good program that can help me utilize the full capabilities of my Blu-ray burner, but for now, I am going to have to resign myself to using Power DVD DX that came with my computer.I game this program two stars because when it worked on my XP computer with a regular DVD, not a Blu-ray, it showed that it had some great features.
First my Setup. I am running Windows Vista Ultimate SP1 32 Bit. I have an Intel q6600 cpu installed on an Abit IP35 Pro Motherboard with 4GB of RAM. My Video Card is a HIS Radeon HD 3650 iSilenceIII with HDMI out. My Bluray/HDDVD drive is the LG Super Multi Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD-ROM Drive (GGC-H20L) I have a 42" Panasonic plasma hooked up to the PCFirst the postive, WinDVD 9 Plus Bluray does great on standard DVDs. (So did WinDVD 5) That is about the only positive. Well maybe the install was painless, however, the installer did want to install optional software Real Player and Quicktime. You have to uncheck them both to not install the software. I hate this common practice amongst software companies.With the standard DVD playing WinDVD uses 66MB of RAM. BluRay and HDDVD shot it up to 250MB of RAM usage. When I first tried to play my Ice Age Blu Ray WinDVD 9 gave me a region code error.  I removed the Blu Ray Disc from the drive and manually selected region A in the WinDVD Settings.  Finally my Blu Ray started to play however, WinDVD crashed with 1 minute of playing the Blu Ray disc. My Transformers HDDVD had even more issues playing, the player would just freeze.Well I was determined to get it work, so I downloaded the latest update from Corel's website and updated winDVD [...]I also updated my BluRay/HDDVD Drive's firmware from 1.02 to 1.03. The updates seemed to help with the stability somewhat. When you do get it playing, do not try to do much with it like skipping chapter or changing the diplay. Any little extra work on the WinDVD interface an it will crash. Word of advice when you do finally have the movie playing on your TV, leave it alone until the end of the movie, I repeat leave it alone and it should play the whole movie. Also turn off autoplay, once you have WinDVD displayed on your TV then play the movie at full screen. You can have WinDVD automatically start in full screen, so you do not have to mess with making it full screen.Other Annoyances- Dynamic Message at the bottom player. You have to manually disable it in the settings.- It changes the windows color scheme to basic automatically.My Rating.  I give it 2 1/2 stars because you can get it work, but the product is just to unstbleWould I recommend it to friends or family?No!! I would tell them to wait and see if Corel improves the stability. If they needed something right away, I would tell them to look into PowerDVD 7 or 8. I would not recommend anyone purchasing this product at this time. Makes me wonder about Corel's quality control. If you are looking for a Blu Ray software player only, look at PowerDVD 8. Nero also provides BluRay / HDDVD support with a plugin, If you already own Nero the cost is 30 dollars for the plugin.Key Points- Software Installs easy but wants to install Real Player and Quick Time- Regular DVDs play great (Main reason for buying this edition is Bluray/HDDVD playback)- Region code error after first attempt to play BluRay Disk, had to manually select Region A- Software update is required to gain some stability with BluRay and HDDVD- Once the BluRay or HDDVD are playing avoid doing anything until the movie is over.- Consider Cyberlink PowerDVD 8 for Bluray PlaybackFinal ThoughtsI believe Corel rushed this product to the market and in doing so has made the public beta testers.I wish Cyberlink did not remove HDDVD support from PowerDVD 8. Technically you can add it back in, Just search the web for PowerDVD 8 and HDDVD Support.
The Good:* Easy installation* All essential word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation functionality is included* Programs perform quicker than MS Office counterparts* Visual Intelligence (30 day trial of Professional features) provides advanced reporting capabilitiesThe Bad:* Poor support for all but the simplest PDF files* Extremely poor interoperability with MS Office documents* No support for MS Exchange e-mail access* WordPerfect MAIL only supports a subset of MS Outlook featuresBottom Line:WordPerfect Office X4 will satisfy basic office needs in a standalone or homogeneous environment, but despite its claims to the contrary it does not play well with MS Office files.  My detailed review based on my usage of the various components follows.BACKGROUND:I have used Microsoft Office in various flavors for over 10 years.  I have also briefly tried OpenOffice.  My machine is a Gateway CX-2610 laptop running XP Tablet PC Edition and Microsoft Office 2003 Professional.  I am not a fan of Microsoft, but it is the de facto standard by which others must be measured.INSTALLATION - Grade:  4.5 StarsNovice users may be intimidated by the bare minimum instructions for installing the base Office software.  CD1 tells you (in paraphrase) to insert the disk and follow the instruction prompts.  The license key was located on the sleeve for CD1, but there was no prompt to look for it there.  From there you land on a screen with three tabs.  The first two allow you to choose the components (WordPerfect, etc.) and specific features for each component.  By default all components and features are selection accept for the Non-English writing features.  Finally, there are options in a third tab that let you set features such as making WordPerfect MAIL your default e-mail client.  The Corel Visual Intelligence and the WordPerfect OfficeReady Browser installs a quick and easy.  Total install time was under 30 minutes while this configuration consumed just under 1 Gb of space.  As a final note, registering the product when prompted entitles you to a bonus set of clip art.BASIC USAGE - Grade:  4 StarsFor basic word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations, you should find this software to meet your needs.  I didn't come across any glaring missing features.  Each of the applications seemed to respond fairly quickly compared to their MS Office counterparts.  The one item in the base product that comes up short is WordPerfect MAIL.  I was able to configure my Gmail account using IMAP with no issues.  However I was unable to connect to by Google Calendar.  In addition, although minor, the week view of the calendar did not allow you to change the first day of the week.  I prefer to start with Monday so that the weekend days are together at the end.  Oddly this simple feature was omitted.  Finally, I was able to export my contacts from Gmail into a CSV file and import them.  It is also worth noting that the Journal, Task, and Note options of MS Outlook are completely missing.  It doesn't WordPerfect MAIL doesn't really complete.TUTORIALS - Grade:  3 StarsWhile the Guidebook tutorials are OK, most of the item choices will only be useful to the most novice of users (see How to Create Bulleted Lists).  There are also occasional steps missing that will confuse some users.  The [...] CD of tutorials is not bad, but it did not autorun on my computer leaving me to guess where to start.  You shouldn't have to guess on tutorials.EXTRAS - Grade:  3 StarsIn order to pry people away from MS Office, price will probably not be enough in most cases.  So it falls to the add-ons that don't have MS Office equivalents to differentiate WordPerfect Office.  Here's a look at working with PDF files, Visual Intelligence, and WordPerfect Lightening* PDF Files - Grade:  1 StarWhen reading about this version of WordPerfect, one of the items I saw that had great potential was the ability to import and export PDF documents.  Unfortunately, this had mixed results.  The import process takes about the same amount of time that importing a document from MS Word (for more details on MS Office Interoperability, see below).  I tried importing a PDF document, making some minor changes (text only) and then republishing the document to PDF.  The resulting document had significantly different formatting in terms of font size, formatting, and missing graphics.  I played around with the import options, but never got promising results.  This is a feature that is not ready for primetime yet.* Visual Intelligence - Grade: 5 StarsThis looks to be a powerful tool in a business environment.  This tool can import data from spreadsheets (either Excel or Quattro Pro format) or using an ODBC connection.  Spreadsheets have to be in a specific format with the first row being column headers followed by detailed data rows.  This may require some messaging of standard spreadsheets that you have.  I was also able to run a query against the Northwind MS Access database from the MS Office samples folder.  With the abundance of ODBC drivers, you should be able to hook up to any database in your environment.  One item of note is that you only get a 30 day trial of the Professional features, and you are required to shell out an additional $99 for a full license.  Otherwise the ODBC integration goes away, and you will be constrained in how large your spreadsheets can be that you import.  I did find one minor annoyance.  The "open file" option does not remember the location of the last file opened and defaults to "My Documents" whether this is the first or fiftieth document you've opened.  Granted this is a very minor issue for a 1.0 product.* WordPerfect Lightening - Grade: 3 StarsI'm not sure where this tool adds value.  It is a combination of Google Notebook, Adobe Acrobat Reader, and WordPerfect.  When I tried to create an online account, I repeatedly got an error that it was unable to perform online communication.  Otherwise the tools function adequately, but it isn't really special.MS OFFICE INTEROPERABILITY - Grade:  1 StarUnless you plan to use this product in isolation, it is going to have to place nice with file created by its MS Office counterparts.  Rather than use the samples that Corel included, I chose a sample set of files from work created in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (all from the 2003 versions).  Importing into WordPerfect Office only worked for the simplest of documents.  However if your file has graphics of any complexity, they get trashed in the conversion process.  While Microsoft is probably much more to blame for this, Corel chose to attempt solving this problem.  There are probably steps that you can take to make this work better, but these really fall to the classic axiom:  "If it's not easy, people won't do it."  As a final grain of salt in the wound WordPerfect MAIL has no support for connecting to an MS Exchange server so you won't be reading your corporate e-mail.  For most people interoperability will be a show stopper, and I weighed it heavily in my star rating.
I own a past version of Streets and Trips with GPS, so I was keen to see the improvements in this new version. Alas, after an installation which lasted about an ice age or two, the new memory stick style GPS failed to find any satellite signals repeatedly (yes, I know the drill, clear south facing sky to zenith). The older bigger GPS (about 2"x2") that was supplied with my earlier S&T; version works pretty well and comes with a suction cup on the back end for attachment to the windshield. It seems this newer and more compact GPS sensor is not better than the older one. Probably cheaper, and thus will help Microsoft's margins on this product. Come on Microsoft- at least get a better GPS sensor! After the failure of my GPS to initiate, I then got numerous messages saying I needed to re-install the program due to errors and bugs.The advent of affordable and graphically attractive GPS units from makers like Garmin seem to render this class of real time mapping and planning products a bit obsolete for most motorists. Sure, this program has more planning potential but the execution is a bit more clunky- how does one keep a lap top running for navigation in a car? On the lap of the spouse ("honey, please swivel it a bit more on your knee, I can't see the screen")? It is down right dangerous to take your eyes off the road to glance at a lap top screen on the passenger seat. Maybe we should have a Microsoft S&T; HUD (Head Up Display) version!Update: Well, the GPS initialized, after 30 min, but (a) it reads 2-5 mph when the laptop is perfectly stationary and (b) it looses signal intermittently even under clear skies.
With prices of GPS units dropping below $150, the utility of Microsoft Streets & Trips is becoming less and less. Using GPS on a laptop in car is very unnatural - you really need another passenger to help you navigate using it.The main advantage of this over dedicated GPS units is really cost. Another plus is lot more options in planning your route (e.g. cost of trip, points of interests, routing options etc.); and construction alerts if your laptop is online (connected to Internet by cellular modem!).But, as is true for most Microsoft products, it also makes it very complex to use and user unfriendly. Other people have reported installation issues.A little extra cost for basic dedicated GPS unit like Garmin is worth it and I will pass this over for one of those units.
I have had Kaspersky AV for four months.  I put it on a Windows XP laptop.  I generally use Mozilla Firefox as my web browser, but I couldn't get my work done because there were so many warnings from Kaspersky AV.  I tried Internet Explorer to browse, and it seemed to get even more warnings; I was at a standstill.  I went back to the laptop many times over several months with the same results.  I finally uninstalled Kapersky and went to my old stand-by, Norton AV.I am no TechGuy; I cannot analyze why this program interfered with my computer use in such an aggravating fashion, but it sure did.  Did it do everything else it claims to do?  Yes, as far as I know.  But the slowdown wasn't worth the protection.
First, (writing in Nov 2009) I believe the 2009 version I currently have is already outdated. I'm unaware of the history/reason my software, which was released just a few months ago, is already replaced -- too many errors? recall? Not sure.Anyway ... this is a decent piece of software, not great. I agree with a lot of the complaints on the Amazon reviews - no product support, virus protection lacks (lots of false positives), and reports are not terribly useful. There are also some problems registering the product - they *really* want you to buy a new box every time, for every computer, which always causes problems.My big problem with Kaspersky is a hint of greed behind the product line -- anybody who puts excessive protections on their software, at the expense of consumer convenience, has profit (not functionality or customer satisfaction) as their #1 goal. This hunch is reinforced by their lack of support - after you buy it, they seem not to care if it works for you.But my BIGGEST problem with this, is that anti-virus protection should be free. If Kaspersky really believes in investing energy into this product, they should make it free to consumers and charge for upgrades/advances applications (such as network and business accounts). The fact is, this is already the business model for the top rated antivirus softwares.So here's my recommendation: Get a free antivirus. The best one right now, according to reviews of the experts, is Avast. I've never had problems with Avast (except that it wants to update too often, but it only takes a few seconds). I used to run AVG, and loved it, but the new version is too clunky, lots of crashes.*Everybody* should be running a hosts file, which Kaspersky completely ignores. The best currently is "hostsman" (and yes, it's free too).And for firewall, the most recent IT studies say that the Windows XP or Vista firewall works as well as any other. It's free, and chances are you already have it. If you're running Me, 2000, or earlier, try ZoneEdit (also free).If you're running Vista, you may want to try some of their built-in safeguards. I tried Vista for a while, and went back to XP (too clunky). But if you're on Vista, it's got some pretty decent safeguards already, and may not work well with 3rd party software.My bottom line is, the computer is a tool which I want to *work* when I turn it on, not spend time or energy cleaning up viruses or other crap, and I should have to spend a fortune protecting it. I haven't had a problem in 4 years (and the last trojan was because my brother-in-law disabled the hosts protection on my laptop to download a game). So I wish you good luck and happy, trouble-free surfing!
I installed Kaspersky software on my laptop (Pentium 4m 2.0Ghz1gb RAM) at home which was within the specs for the the software. Install was clumsy but went without a hitch. It started to do an update that never completed itself. Another reviewer indicated he had a very similar issue with the update never proceeding past 1%. Worse, it slowed web browsing to an absolute crawl. Also, like another reviewer, I was never able to successfully scan my hard drive. I may attempt to uninstall and reinstall on my desktop to see if it performs better but I have decided that I can no longer use it on my laptop.
I'm a computer tech by trade, so I've had experience with a lot of antivirus packages. I've heard a lot of good things about Kaspersky, but my experience was not good.Here is my short review: I don't like Kaspersky because it's annoying, slow, and calls things vulnerabilities and viruses that aren't. The interface is horrible. For example: important features are hidden behind non-obvious right-clicks. This software is definitely not for the basic computer user. A computer literate person may be able to get used to the software--but why would you want to? Keep reading if you want specific details.I installed it on a 3Ghz P4 computer running XP Pro. Some of the issues I had were specific to that computer, so I uninstalled the software and tried it on a Dual Core Vista Business system. All the problems written here showed up on both of these computers.First of all, the interface for the software is just bad. Even during the install, the "next" button is confusing. The "back" and "cancel" buttons are at the bottom of the window, but the "next" button is hidden in the text. It's a dumb design choice.For another example, after you do a full scan you're given a list of vulnerabilities and viruses. There is a link in the list. You can't click on the link. It wasn't until 2 weeks in that I realized that you can right click on the problem and choose "go to description". It wasn't obvious at all. Important features shouldn't be hidden.With Kaspersky turned on, full virus scans slow my computers down worse than other antivirus software. I couldn't watch a video while scanning because it caused the video to skip (video works fine when not scanning).This software also found a number of false positives during scans. I haven't had any real viruses since I've installed the software, so I can't comment on it's virus removal.When scanning, the program finds vulnerabilities in your installed programs:1) It finds vulnerabilities that have already been fixed. If a program has upgraded but still keeps some of the old files, it says that the old files are vulnerabilities and that you need to upgrade that software.2) You can right-click on a vulnerability and "add to exclusion" but this isn't obvious. Otherwise, you'll be seeing the same non-problems over and over again!Kaspersky also slows my internet down just a bit. I get skips when trying to watch tv online that I don't normally get with it off.For comparison, here is how I rate some of the competition. These are only programs that I use often:Norton Corporate - 4 1/2 starsNorton antivirus 2009 - 4 starsPanda - 4 starsAVG free - 3 1/2 starsavast free - 3 1/2 starsNorton 2009 internet security or 360 - 3 stars
When my Norton 360 was coming up on renewal, given the cost of 69.00 I thought it would be wise if I shopped for something a little more affordable yet with great protection.  I was referred to Kaspersky as one of the best out there right now.First of all, when I installed the product on my Vista Ultimate PC, I received two error messages, yet it let me install it anyway.  I tried it two times and the same error messages came up.  I had installed AVG (Free edition) prior and with not problems whatsoever.  And I actually uninstalled and restarted my PC prior to installing this product.So, I'm a little leary about my protection.  But it seems to work fine.One of the thing I like with security software is I like to leave it and forget it knowing that it's protecting me.  As I looked into the system, I noticed some "vulnerabilities" were in relations to my audio settings, so that to me was questionable.  It flagged it as a trojan.The updates seem great.  Done frequently, unlike the AVG Free edition where you have to initiate the updates.The reports are very comprehensive.  More than what I think is needed.  A lot of the reports are shown in detail and some of them are not very understandable.  But, for an IT technician, or savvy user, it tells everything that is needed to see what threats and how it was dealt with.I recommend this product for the price it is over Norton, which tends to be way more than it should.  Although I liked Norton.  It was a heck of a chore to get it off my computer and when I tried it ended up messing my computer up!!!  But, I wanted to try Kaspersky 2009 for the name and also the protection.-UPDATE as of 8/6/2010I noticed that Kasperksy makes opening my email and the internet a lot slower than before.  When I click on Outlook, and or Firefox, etc.,  I notice a lag.  Especially with Outlook.  Then, when I click on a message, it hesitates before opening.  I don't remember Norton doing this.  I don't like it as much as Norton.  Sure, it is cheaper, but, it's the little things that count.  It seems to be CPU intensive.
In the past I was a Trend customer and I was content with their 2006 version of their internet security solution. Their 2007 version was a true lemon so I moved on, but I am always willing to given a company another try after a season. I gave Trend their second chance on this product, and it was a mostly negative experience.My target system is a dual-core Intel 2.1G laptop with 3GB RAM and a lot of hard drive space, running Windows Vista Home Premium.Installation was smooth, with the prerequisite reboot at the end due to the mandatory deinstallation of Spybot Search and Destroy. Some AV products force an uninstall of antispyware applications during the install process, so this was not a total shock.The new interface is smooth and sleek and has tremendous eye appeal. I like the way it is laid out - everything is set up through logical groupings and within the groupings the settings are very accessible. Changing most settings should be a fairly straightforward and easy.Now, that said, I ran into some major resistance when trying to modify some of the settings. At one point I decided to make some adjustments to parental controls (more on that specific feature in a moment). When I chose to Appy/Accept my changes, the interface hung up and would not allow the changes. It did accept a Cancel button click, but when I went back to try again I got a "Webpage not available" window pop up. Well, I think it was a window - there was no frame, no controls, nothing, just a standard IE message that you get when a web page is missing, and it popped up over most of the application as if it was supposed to be in a dialog box. Fortunately I was able to press Esc and it went away, but if I tried again it came right back.The GUI got itself so confused at one point that I was unable to get it to do anything at all, including shutting down. I finally had to reboot the computer and that finally made the application go away. There should never be an occasion when a security application simply dies like that.Now, back to parental controls - they simply did not work in my case. I selected a reasonable set of categories to block and I headed out to the web to a site that should have been blocked and it was not. I tried a couple more and got through every time. The was true with both Firefox and IE. One of the features I look for in a security suite is parental controls, and this suite's attempt was a waste of time.Ok, let's look at the antivirus and see how it goes... Trend's antivirus has always been a top-notch scanner so I was eager to have something - anything - go right. I initiated a full scan of the system and the scanner went to work. I was disappointed though in that it gave me a summary of what it was doing but gave me no option to look at specifics. That's a minor thing. Much more important was that the scanner's dialog box had buttons for Pause and Cancel, and BOTH of them were grayed out. Great... I clicked repeatedly on the grayed out Cancel button and it finally went black and allowed me to interrupt it. There is no reason this should ever happen and is the result of sloppy coding in the lab.A final insult - Windows recognized that Trend was the firewall that was in place, but it reported that there was no Antivirus installed at all. Every other security suite properly registered its components with Windows Security Center, but Trend's suite does not.At this point I abandoned Trend Internet Security and uninstalled it, which was fortunately very straightforward and easy. I never got around to testing the firewall, because I was so disgusted with everything else that the suite had (or hadn't) done.I cannot in good conscience recommend Trend Internet Security 2009, based on my own experiences with it. It has the feel of being pre-beta software that is still under active development and was rushed to market. It shows some promise on the surface and boasts a handsome interface and generous feature set, it just does not work very well at all. It is my hope that others have had more pleasant experiences with Trend's latest offering, but I will not be going back to their solution anytime soon.UPDATE 02-05-2009:I decided to give Trend another try and managed to get a working installation. It seemed to work a little better on my XP system vs. my Vista system, but I made some ugly discoveries.With the second installation, parental controls suddenly decided to work and they proved to be pretty good! I was able to block whole categories of sites and even set up a lockdown timer. It was nice to use a working implementation of parental controls, something that most suites seem to be unable to implement correctly.My family uses the computer for education, and Trend's firewall locked down the application they use to the point that the education software would crash on startup. This is a browser/JavaScript application, and in spite of the settings to allow this application to do whatever it wants and in spite of even turning off anything that would interfere with JavaScript (and Java too), Trend's firewall would not budge. With Trend uninstalled, suddenly out application worked again.Finally, with Trend installed on both computers, BOTH firewall installations left port 1032 wide open. I found no explanation for this, and there were no runtime issues with closing the port. I fail to understand why a firewall would leave a hole open like this, and that it did it on two separate systems is troubling. No other firewall I have ever installed (and I have installed a lot of them) leaves this port open, including older versions of Trend. In fact, even Windows Firewall hid the computer better.I stand my by review and my rating of this product. I cannot recommend Trend Internet Security 2009. It is intrusive, temperamental and it does not properly lock down the system. The biggest issue is security, and this security suite isn't secure.
Bitdefender has a nice assortment of features, but from my experience, this package just wasn't ready for the market. I hardly even had the opportunity to test out the software because it crashed my computer almost immediately after install.Back to McAfee for me...  I don't love McAfee, but it's better than this.
For years I was a Norton user. Then about 4 years ago I went full bore into the Mac World. As much as I like Mac I find I need a good Windows PC too. So, in spite of all the bad press I bought a Windows Vista machine. I think Vista's great. Anyway, It came with 30 days of McAfee. I did a little research and decided to buy Windows Live OneCare. I am very happy with it. It's made by Microsoft and is very user friendly, more so than McAfee or Norton and it seems to be protecting my two Windows PCs quite well. So, I did use this McAfee for 30 days but consider the MS product superior.
Installed this on my home server system (Dell Dimensions AMD X2-6000 with XP Media Center with 2GB RAM / 1TB HD).  I followed all the directions carefully by having previous antiviral software removed and rebooted.  Then proceeded with the install of this product.  The install went smoothly and almost finished.  Then I assume the program started and my system rebooted (I've disabled blue screens for reboots).  I thought okay, should be fine on the reboot.  Well the system rebooted and windows started loading but then it would reach a point where the system errored again and reboot.  Pattern was infinite, I powered down and powered back on with the same pattern.Omigod I thought, this is terrible.  Apparently this program is causing a catastrophic error to the point I can't even get windows to complete loading.  So I decide it's best to boot into safemode to remove the program.  Should be easy.  Got into safemode and loaded the uninstall control panel.  Clicked to uninstall.  Wouldn't let me.  It tells me this particular vendor's installer cannot be uninstalled under safe mode. Ridiculous!  What kind of idiot makes an installer do this?  I kept trying to no avail.  I was starting to panic thinking my system was hosed by this commercial virus (that's what a virus does).  Fortunately, I was able to roll back to the last known good configuration which prevented this program from loading.Horrible installer for this program.  Haven't seen anything like this in ages and to think this is commercial software?  Crazy.  My home server is very stable by the way, with minimal software and runs without fault for weeks, even months at a time.  I refuse to go through this pattern of insanity, plus wasting hours of my time, just to install it on another PC to see how it works.  Beware.
When I got this software I was anxious to install it. I used to use Norton and hated the fact that upgrades were so painful and sometimes failed completely. I have Trend Micro on my computer now and if there is one thing it does well is RUN seamlessly in the background....Luckily I paused to take a second look at the back of the box. At first it was deceptive because this product was Antivirus PLUS AntiSpyware and that product didn't appear to be listed in the comparison on the box. Then I got it...the Antivirus column was one and the same with this product and it only protected again two things.PROS: It protects against Viruses and Spyware and prevents unauthorized changes to applications. Cheap priceCONS: Here are the ones that concern me the most.It does not Block email and image spam.It does not stop malicious downloads from websites.It does not alert you to unsafe websites or halt their download.It does not stop webpages from hyjacking your settings so that the malicious site becomes your home page. This is perhaps the most annoying problem as it has happened to me with pop-ups.Since you are only as safe as your last update, the above can lead to problems with new and fast spreading virus infections. For $10 dollars more you can buy Trend Micro Internet Security and have these important protections. It doesn't make sense to buy this even at the cheap price.
I started to install this on my new laptop but it already has the new Norton 360 on it. Some programs will work together but this one wants to be the ONLY security program on the computer. My old Norton had expired on my old Dell desk top so I thought I'd try this on it.First I had to remove Norton and Norton's utilities and I didn't really like that. Then I had to remove the McAfee site advisor and SpyWareBlaster, all before the install would run.After I finally got it installed I don't know how well it will work since I cant get my computer to run at all. I've tried booting it up several times. It will give me my desktop and short cuts but everything is locked up. I haven't had time to try a safe start and see if I can do anything with it. I might have to take it to my computer guy to get it going again.The only other thing I got to say is that I'm glad that I didn't put it in my new laptop. I've got too much important data in this one to loose it. At least by trying it in my old desktop first it saved my laptop.Update; I finally got my desktop computer that I installed this in to boot up. I don't know where this program went but it isn't there and when I tried to install it again the install was stopped. It said that the one installation that was allowed from this disc had already been used. All that I can say about it now is that I'm sure glad that I didn't have to pay for this because I would be very upset about it if I had and I would be demanding my money back.
I actually picked this up without reading the box. My bad.I like to try different security software to spread my luck around on the different equipment, hoping if one has a hole the other might not, and thus skirting system wide failure. But seeing that this is not even the internet security suite, I am not that brave these days. Antivirus and antispyware used to make me feel safe, but I like a widere birth of protection these days on my personal and the families PCs either way. So if you are okay with the bare minimum, this isn't a bad price, but I'd rather pay a bit more and get wider protection.
Now let me preface this review by stating that we have, in the past, used & been quite content with Trend Micro updating annually to their latest version, that was until we tried out a few other ones! What can i say.......WOW, there is a HUGE difference!Now that I have tried about every AntiVirus software from Kaspersky to McAfee and Trend Micro has got to be about the worst software out there. For example, Trend Micro uses 284MB of RAM, now Vipre will only use 67MB at the most! Also, Trend Micro will sometime find a virus and will not let you delete, or quarantine it. Also, it is INCREDIBLY SLOW! While running a scan on my 4GB of RAM computer, it reduced it's speed by over half! So in short, it does the job, but slowly, it misses trogans, worms, and presently almost any other virus software is better. (But I do recomend Kaspersky for our needs)At one time Trend was number 1 in my book, but as with all tecnology, if you don't improve, someone else will.............& that is what has happened.
I had high hopes for this product.  However, my hopes were dashed immediately after installation.  I installed the program on a fairly new machine running a fresh installation of XP-SP3.  Despite a problem-free installation, I noticed that I lost my Internet connection afterwards.  I discovered this while attempting to activate the program.  The application stated there was a problem with my Internet connection, but didn't realize it was the culprit.  I adjusted the firewall settings until I was able to restore Internet connectivity, however, a non-savvy user might have a harder time figuring out the problem, and they're the ones who need this type of application the most.  The program also displayed a bunch of pop-ups for firewall rules and real-time protection notifications, sometimes several at once.  I quickly opted to operate the firewall in "silent mode", which is supposed to limit notifications and create rules automatically, however, I still received quite a few pop-up notifications before they, thankfully, eventually diminished.  I then tried the update feature.  The update process was simple but it required two successive reboots to complete.I finally got the program tamed, however, there were still some exisitng issues.  System resource impact wasn't too bad. Web browsing was fast and pages loaded quickly, although it takes quite a bit of time for web access to become available when starting Windows.  I also frequently lost web access and had to restart the browser several times to restore.  I also noticed a few extra seconds delay during startup and shutdown, but nothing alarming.  The scanning and malware engine seems pretty good and fast.  There is no right-click context menu scan, a major flaw.  In other words, no way to manually scan individual files, such as downloads, without scanning the entire system. The interface is otherwise clean with easily reachable menus/sub-menus.  The program can be completely or selectively disabled.I feel the installation process is too problematic for the average user.  The default firewall settings are too restrictive and all of the initial pop-ups can be pretty confusing and irritating.  I also feel the lack of context-menu scanning and the frequent loss of network connectivity are serious minuses. I would look elsewhere.
I wanted to like this program, but it's too buggy for me. I installed it on a desktop running XP Home edition. The installation was smooth, but that's where 'easy to use' ended.I've installed literally hundreds of programs on computers and always reboot after the installation of a new program to avoid problems. Unfortunately that reboot was the start of my problems with this program. The computer froze multiple times after running the update, and again after it did a 20 minute 'intellscan'.I knew the antivirus suite I run (BitDefender Internet Security Suite 2009)  might be partially to blame so I disabled it to try and see if it would help, but it didn't.  Spyware Doctor did find 3 threats on my machine. Prior to this I was using a free program and didn't run a scan prior to uninstalling it, rebooting and installing this software. When I finally got the computer into Safe Mode, I uninstalled PC Tools Spyware Doc and things went back to normal; no freezing up or other problems. Also no problems after BitDefender was reactivated.If this program ran smoothly on XP I'd still want it to be what all 2009 versions should be: compatible with all forms of Vista. This program doesn't support Vista 64-bit, and it should.When you buy this product you can put it on up to 3 PCs for one year. Why for just a year? In my opinion this shouldn't be like an anti-virus yearly update, unless the software offers a bit more bang for the buck.There are several adequate free spyware programs out there, and they all seem to do the job this software does without bogging down XP or battling with an antivirus/security suite.PC Tools Spyware Doctor 2009 Version 6.0isn't really necessary if you run something like Spybot or a similar product which can be downloaded for FREE from Cnet. Save your money and you'll reap the same rewards without the headaches.  You may even find one compatible with Vista 64-bit!On a positive note... you do get a nice scratch pad along with the software CD and install guide.
I saw this as a half-priced Amazon GoldBox special and, always being on the lookout for a no-brain, photo cataloging solution that I would try this.Mistake.Even at half-price, Corel Photo Album 7 Deluxe isn't as functional as free programs such as Picassa 3, IrfanView and others.The program demands the full screen of your monitor and appears not to be resizeable. Many may not care about this: I do. This makes using Photo Album concurrently with other programs, such as an instant messenger, cumbersome.The album function is passable, but certainly not superior to Picassa 3 or many7 other commercial programs. The user can add tags, captions and other information.The "Adjust Photo" option is silly. It contains four options. Rotate Right, Rotate Left, View Photo Info - and what amounts to an advertising or another Corel program. There doesn't appear to be an option to switch this to choose another image editing program that you might prefer. I don't like vendors who incorporate advertising for other products into the product I am using.The "Enhance" pallette offers six additional options, inluding Quick Fix, Photo Fix, Fix Red Eye, Crop, Straighten and Makeover. The last option is more a farce than a feature. It is intended to provide for blemish removal, teeth whitening and such - it doesn't work well. And, of course, there is as link to use another Corel program.There is a limited selection of added effects such as picture frames, fake magazine covers, greeting cards and the like that you can use. The stress is on the word "limited".Limited is a word that nicely sums up Corel Photo Album 7. It is like a sampler that you pay for, supposedly I think to whet your appetite for Corel's more expensive and allegedly more capable programs.As I said, I got this at half-price through Amazon's GoldBox promotion. Even at half-price, it isn't worth it. Picassa 3 is free, IrfanView is donationware - and there are numerous commercial programs that provide you with much more capability.You can safely pass Corel Photo Album 7 by without fear that you've missed anything. You haven't.Jerry
Maybe Corel believes they are doing consumers a favor by putting advertising in their product to purchase their own Paintshop Pro Photo. If you are paying for software you should not get advertising within the software.  If one signs up for a newsletter that is a different story.My review is based on being a user of Photoshop Elements and Google Picasa. I would group photo album with Picasa. (Google Picasa is Free) The program is not on the same level as photoshop elements. Sure Photoshop Elements is more expensive; however, it is worth the extra price tag. I put Photo Album on the same level as Picasa.Pro- Easy to discover your photos- Easy to make a Corel Photoshow- Numerous Photo framesCons- The enhancements tools are minimal- You cannot publish your photo show to your website (Photoshop Elements is great for this)- Price to feature ratiosI cannot recommend this program at this price, the most I would pay for this program is $15If you are looking for basic photo touch up go download Google Picasa for free.If you plan to create photo albums for your website and have many photo enhancements, buy yourself Photoshop Elements
This version has some serious flaws.  But never-mind that.  An updated version has been created.  However, I do not have that updated version.  Potential buyers should read reviews on the new version.  No one should purchase this old version.That says it all.
This is a decent video editor for the price you pay...I mean, you'll do more than you could with Windows Movie Maker at least.If you're a hobbyist this might be a nice value, and like another reviewer states, you've got to subscribe to the DVD themes, which is even more lame!If you're serious about video editing, I'd look into Sony's Vegas Pro, and if you're a little less serious there's even a trimmed down version, Vegas Movie Studio that would be more useful than this "lure" of a program.
Adobe Premiere Elements 7 is not for the novice video editor.  The program is extremely feature rich and requires an extensive learning curve.  I was willing to learn it, and bought several books to assist.  However the program proved to be highly unstable in my PC; attempting almost any action caused PE7 to freeze and then crash the computer.  Somewhere between the complexity and the instability I lost my enthusiasm and returned to the simplicity of Windows Movie Maker.I would say Premiere Elements 7 is probably a wonderful tool those who have enough computing power to run it, and the patience and dedication to learn it. I certainly would not recommend it for a beginner, or someone who just wants to clean up a few home videos.
I was very excited to get the latest version of Premiere Elements and had been looking forward to it for some time.  I wanted to do some editing of the 1920 x 1080i AVCHD video captured by my Canon HF10 camcorder.  I was let down tremendously by the instability of Premiere Elements 7 on my system.  In the end, I created a great looking DVD that everybody complemented, but it was very torturous due to the number of crashes I had to endure.Crashes aside, the product has most the features for the level of editing that I like to do (more than Windows Movie Maker, but not pro-level). The biggest thing it has going for it is the number of available video formats for both input and output (EDIT: Please see comments as one person didn't think that it had many output formats).I found it to be mostly intuitive to use, but it is quite a bit less intuitive than iMovie '08 on the Mac and not as sexy either. The file and project organization was kind of difficult to use and quite lacking.The help system is not as easy or as fast to use as a normal product help system since it simply launches a browser windows to the Adobe site, which does make it a bit slower.  However, the great thing about it is that this means you are always getting the latest help content, assuming you have an internet connection at the time that you need the help.Adobe has added a direct product connection with photoshop.com and this does add some value, but they also have used this as a way to upsell higher level services.  I signed up for the basic free account which simply gives you 2GB of online storage. It doesn't include access to additional content, even user generated content.  This is definitely a mark against the product since Cyberlink Power Director includes free access to their online community content where there is a lot of great free content. This would be less of an issue, except Adobe  continually pushes ads for the premium service in the product.  In fact, the main startup screen is little more than an ad which you have to click through each time you start up. The net result of this huge ad is that you get a really lousy startup screen that completely lacks a decent project organizer for existing projects.OVERALL, I found it to be sub-par to the user interface (usability) of iMovie on the Mac and sub-par to the power and quickness of Cyberlink Power Director (Vista). The feature set was simply about par for this level of video editing software. Nothing truly exciting that blew me away. My final rating of it was greatly degraded by the instability of the software, but that only seems fair given that I tried quite a bit to overcome the instability to no avail. I spent several FULL days working with it and it seemed to me that the more complex my project got the more often it crashed on me. Towards the end it was crashing at least once every 15 minutes.With regard to the crashes I experienced, I attempted many things to fix it, including uninstalling any other software related to video processing, fully reinstalling QuickTime (required by Premiere Elements, and fully uninstalling Premiere followed by a reinstall. I also went through the Adobe online support site and tried all the suggestions that I found. Nothing fixed the instability. I considered rebuilding my system or creating a boot partition of Windows XP just to see if it worked on XP, but decided it wasn't worth the effort. I am most definitely NOT a novice computer user and I have a system that more than meets the system requirements for this product (Windows Vista loaded on a Q6600 (Quad core) with 3 GB of RAM, a Nvidia 8xxx series GPU, and a 750 GB hard disk. An off the shelf product should work off the shelf.Since SOME other reviewers do not have instability problems, I must conclude that whether or not you'll experience instability issues is going to be dependent on your exact computer and the software on it.  Therefore, I would highly recommend downloading a trial version of the software from Adobe and doing some serious editing before paying for the software. In my opinion, it was probably released before it was fully baked so that it would be available for the 2008 Holiday season and could be packaged with Photoshop Elements 7. As for me, I'll probably be using different software for my video editing.
I am new to Photoshop and Premiere, and I have to say that I found neither program particularly newbie friendly.  I also don't like that I am asked to sign up for online features to use the full potential of the software.  Both programs run sluggish under Windows 7, and they frequently go inactive (not responding) during use.  Start up and shut down are extremely slow, and moving from one window to the next within the programs will often cause a crash.  I suspect this is a compatibility issue with this older version of the software and Windows 7, but I thought it worthwhile mentioning for anyone considering this version with Windows 7.
Where to begin?  I'll start with installation.  What a PAIN!  After the file installation, the program asked if I wanted to register.  Believing registration to be optional, I selected the option to remind me later.  After the registration box closed and installation officially concluded, I noticed the program did not work.  It was present in the browser; however, it just didn't work.  Nothing in the included documentation could explain why it didn't work, so I uninstalled and reinstalled; same result. After ruling out every other possible cause, I decided maybe the registration wasn't as optional as it appeared.  I initially didn't suspect the registration process as the culprit because the only warning I received after declining to register immediately was that I would not be able to update or have the latest protection.  It did not say the program would be rendered completely inoperable.  So I decided to register immediately.  Upon entering my email address, I was informed that a McAfee account was already associated with the email address (apparently from a trial version of their security suite that came pre-installed on a laptop I purchased a couple years ago).  I could not remember the password, so I used the "Forgot Password" link during registration.  I entered my email address and was advised that my password was sent to me via email.  I logged into my email and waited for over 20 minutes, however no password ever arrived.  I used the "Forgot Password" option again and again was advised that my password was sent to me.  I then went downstairs, ate dinner, and returned only to still find no password.  I finally gave up and created a new email address just so I could get the blasted program to work.  Once I finally got past the initial registration screen, I discovered the source of the problem.  The program requires activation to work.  It would be nice if they clearly told people this little fact up front.  The only thing that could be remotely attributed as a warning is the statement "Internet Access Required" printed on the product box. However, considering it's an Internet application, that's more of a big "Duh" than a warning;  Kinda like the "May cause drowsiness" statement on a box of sleeping pills. Anyway, after finally getting the product to work, I was less than impressed.  It's really not much different from the free version.  Unfortunately, both fall short of the competition, most of which is freely available.  First, results are pulled from a database, not real-time scans of the site.  This means if malicious software appears on the site after McAfee scans and adds it to its database, you could potentially get burned.  I don't know how frequently the database is updated, however nothing beats real-time results.  It does have a protected mode that could block the site before you visit, however you have to manually activate it and it requires you to create yet another password.  Also, like I said, it's far less effective on malware sites than the competition due to its reliance on a database instead of a real-time scan. However, (and earning it more than one star for effectiveness), the database approach is more effective at protecting against phishing sites.  The program scans links in search page results, instant messages, and email, yet doesn't scan live links in web pages like the competition.  Results are indicated via a small green, yellow, or red icon next to the link.  Hovering over the icon will reveal a balloon with slightly more safety information and clicking the icon will take you to a web page with detailed information about the site including any detected threats, page popularity, country of origin, and user reviews and comments.  I particularly dislike the user reviews because it doesn't appear that McAfee is doing a good job of monitoring the reviews.  Pretty much anyone can say anything.  It leaves the door wide open for abuse and could potentially explain why some established and popular sites are flagged for caution by Siteadvisor.  Performance is acceptable and there is no noticeable impact on browsing speed.  All in all, I don't think the extra expense of the plus version is justified.  I suggest sticking with the free version or, better yet, going with one of the better free alternatives.  Siteadvisor Plus does have protected mode and scans more items than the free Siteadvisor, however the free competition offers the same (or better) features and a protected mode is geared more to those who surf with reckless abandon.  If you use the slightest bit of caution, you really don't need protected mode.  Not only that, Windows Vista has its own version of protected mode built in and IE7 has native Phishing protection.  I doubt there's any software on the planet strong enough to adequately protect a totally irresponsible web surfer.  The best defense is good old fashioned caution and common sense.  Just my two-centsBy the way, it is 24 hours later and I still haven't received that password email...
I feel like a dunce writing this review, but frankly, I just can't figure this software out. I think I'm a reasonably intelligent and tech-savvy person, but I just don't find VideoStudio -at all- intuitive.In all fairness, I have zero experience with video-editing software, and I haven't sat down and thumbed through the manual at length. I was looking for something that would help me quickly edit videos of my kids -- nothing fancy -- and jumped at the chance to review this software, since so many people seem to love it. I must be missing something, because I eventually gave up in frustration!
I'm not editing video but two or three times a year and none of it is worth spending more then a few minutes learning a program for.  For simple quick uploading and editing of video I found that this was just too much program.  I'm sure to appreciate this feature rich program you would have to spend a bit of time learning the interface.  I found it frustrating and way too diffacult to make the simple things work.
McAfee Anti-Theft 2009 1 User needs Activation, to get the updates, and I would assume to register. It would be more ideal if written into the code of this activation was the Name of the person so that theft of any key files could be traced. This uses vaults to safeguard personal files , and for each password protected vault there is a set of three pre-defined questions if you forget your password ( no room is given for a user defined field).There are ten questions in these fields, and all seem to be standard social engineering style questions, and therefore accessible by someone skilled in that area; a definite risk factor.After the the solution questions, you then create the Vault Name, Size, and password. An advanced button allows for some more detailed manipulation.The anti-theft step 3 gives instructions on how to secure one and only copies of files ( a risky prospect, but one useful for security ). When needed the vault can be transferred.Apart from the lack of any useful instruction on Password quality ( you would think a password generator might be included or even suggested) there is little to help secure the vaults. Whilst a person familiar with standard and non -standard security will get a good run on this software, the average user should steer clear of this item since it is eminently hackable, and if you are seriously after a way to secure files, and/or Drive contents, there are better, and far more secure options.
Overall, this program worked well (e.g. fairly easy install, fairly fast performance).One of the primary stated benefits that I found compelling was the ability to protect files on an external USB drive that you might switch between multiple computers.  For example, I generally work on my desktop at home, and then put files onto an external USB hard drive to take on the road with my laptop.In order to actually achieve this benefit, however, you actually have to install McAfee on BOTH machines.  The one you may have used to create the vault (in my case desktop), as well as the one you want to eventually access the vault from (in my case laptop).  I didn't have time to read the user agreement in full detail, but I'm pretty sure this requires purchasing 2 copies of this software in order to be in compliance with the license.Also, this means that if you put a vault on an external USB drive and then want to access that vault from another computer that does not already have McAfee Anti-Theft installed, you cannot.  This is a major shortcoming in many travel scenarios, when I often take my USB drive with me, but don't take my laptop. Instead, using a public/Cafe computer or some other local/borrowed machine when I get where I am going.  This scenario is not supported, unless you plan on taking the installation CD with you everywhere, and even then, you are not likely to have admin rights on public machines to install the software.
Roxio easy VHS to DVD record software will transfer VHS to DVD, as well as LP or Cassette to CD, but doesn't live up to its full potential. The instruction booklet was easy to follow, making installation, registration, and setup user friendly. Although the LP or Cassette to CD capabilities seem to work ok, I found the quality of recording VHS to DVD disappointing, after converting footage from a camcorder to DVD on my computer, exactly as instructed. It recorded the data easily, but not well. The recording speed fluctuated: speeding up and slowing down. On playback the film progressed normally for awhile with a clear picture then suddenly images moved as if in fast forward or slow motion, distorting everything. This continued in a repetitive cycle for the entire recording. There were no issues with the original footage, so the problem was in transference. There may be downloadable updates for the software to eliminate this problem, but I haven't pursued it. Overall, the VHS conversion of tape footage to DVD is quick and easy but the quality isn't there. An updated version might be worth a try, simply for ease of use, but I recommend comparative shopping first.
I am not the most computer savvy person and found this product too hard not only to install, but also to use properly.  It is now sitting in a drawer until I have the time to go online and read all the forums to figure out why I can't get it to work properly.  I am not impressed.  The idea intrigued me, but it hasn't been worth my time to get it to run properly.
I was able to attach everything and get it basically functional, but then I would get these periodic "signal protected" errors that stopped the process, even though I was transferring video I took of my son some years ago.  That halted the whole process, and after the third attempt I was too discouraged to keep trying.  I am a basic vanilla computer-user with no particular technical skills, so maybe someone with more background or experience could figure out the problem?
In some ways this was just what I was looking for.  And then I tried to make it work.Bottom line, if all you want to do is copy a VHS tape to your computer, this is simple and effective.  It's turning it into a DVD to play on your television that could prove to be problematic.1. Basic setup is simple.  You connect the video output wires from the VCR to an adapter provided with with the product that plugs into a USB port on your computer.  An ideal situation would be if you already use the S video or HDMI connection to go from your player to the TV, in that way you can keep the 3-RCA cable handy for transfer and not have to disconnect from the TV (and have a cable long enough to run from player to computer without having to juggle things.  The adapter also will connect to the S-video jack.2. Bring up the Roxio software3. Start the VHS and then click the button to begin recording.  I hope you have at least a few seconds of dead air prior to the start of the grade school concert/gymnastics meet.  If so, this is a blessing as you can avoid copying all the content at that you don't want at the beginning of the tape.4. When the playback/recording is complete, just follow the directions to burn your DVD.Simple right?  This is the point at which the bad reviews diverge from the good ones.  Consider the following:- Some commercial video tapes will have copy protection that will prevent a clean copy (sorry, you really didn't expect to digitize your entire Disney collection did you?)- Does your computer meet the minimum system requirements?  I hope it exceeds them!  My three year old Sony Vaio proved to be inadequate to complete the DVD burning process as it locked things up at 97% completion every time.  Roxio Customer Support is basically non-existent, even with the product newly out of the box; and I've waited 2 weeks for a reply (any reply) to my posting on a "support" discussion group.- And last but not least, keep in mind that you're making a second generation recording.  That means that the VHS tape that looked so great ten years ago on your CRT TV is going to look a little grainy on the 46 inch flat screen.My recommendation would be to get the full benefit of this product, you should be working with a machine that has a minimum of 1 GB of RAM, a beefy graphics card and a minimum of 15 to 20 GB of free hard drive space.  Easy VHS to DVD only requires 2 GB for its install, however the caching and temp files usage during the video capture and DVD burning really needs a lot of space.  And heaven help you if you're trying to use this with a Vista operating system.My VHS recording was basically successful.  It plays just fine on my computer.  But in order to get a playable DVD, I had to use Windows Movie Maker (part of the Vista OS tool set).  That accomplished what I wanted, preserving my daughter's kindergarten performance.  :-)Is it worth it?  Maybe... kinda sorta.  Could it be better?  Yes, by a long shot.I was all prepared to rave about this product and then I tried to use it.  Because I received it through the Amazon Vines program, I didn't have to pay for it, so I don't feel particularly cheated.  It's cheaper than a combo VHS/DVD recorder, but using the word "Easy" in its name doesn't accurately portray the product.If you can get around the problems that I described (especially with regard to your computer's processing capacity) this might be a cost effective solution for you.  But beware, it ain't quite what it should be.After all was said and done, trying to make my first DVD, I didn't have the will to even try digitizing a vinyl record.
This product needs to go back to the drawing board at Roxio. I had a difficult time with installation, and I am not even sure I got it to load correctly as it keeps freezing up when I am trying to copy a video. The frustration and time spent on this product is not worth the trouble (since I have not been able to successfully copy one single tape!), and Roxio customer support has no tools/advice to solve its many problems. Believe these reviews and buy a different product or wait until Roxio fixes this one.
Roxio used to be a name I trusted whenever I needed to create a CD or DVD.  Not so anymore, thanks to this software.Not user-friendly. Learning curve is way too steep, especially for busy parents.  I'm looking for something that is "plug in and play."  This is NOT it.
After much agony of trying to use Roxio Easy VHS to DVD I have given up trying.  The software loaded just fine but the problem was trying to downloaded the needed drivers was a total nightmare.  It is a great concept, but wondering if there isn't other software & hardware that would be much easier to use.  I became totally frustrated with Roxio. It was a waste of several hours to try and get everything working.  I don't reccommend Roxio Easy VHS to DVD.  Sorry the review couldn't have been positive.
I put this in my new Dell Studio laptop and it has done nothing but cause problems. My laptop came with the new Windows Vista and this Norton 360 is NOT compatible with it. It also caused problems with several other programs like my Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo XI and Corel Snapfire programs, it also screwed up my iTunes and Rhapsody programs and caused problems with my Mozilla Firefox browser and has stopped the Windows updates from installing. There's more things it screwed up that I had to remove but can't recall right now. I did find several patches and fixes to download but most of them don't work and its hard to find ones that are real and not some virus, tape worm or Trojan or some other harmful download.Any who, this Norton 360 is NOT worth buying if you are running Windows Vista. I don't know if it will behave and work like its supposed to with Windows XP or any of the other windows system programs.After several days and hours of frustration trying find patches and updates I accidental found this one someplace.Norton Hotfix KB20090319114809ENIf you are having the same problems that I did this is the patch you need. I have no idea where I found it. But this is one of the patches that I found that actually fixed some of the problems.Overall this is the worst Norton program that I have tried to use. It may work in XP but it sure sucks in Vista.
I chose this from my Vine list mainly for the photo paint shop. I have the Corel Paint Shop Pro XI and liked it in my old Dell Optiplex desk top with Windows XP but it doesn't want to run right on my new Dell Studio 17 with the Windows Vista. I thought since this was a newer program it would work better than the old one does with Vista. Wrong.It took for ever to install it. There must be something with the Windows Vista that isn't compatible with this program. I've only got it to open, after several minutes, a couple of times. The first time I got it to open it started scanning my hard drive collecting or importing all photo files, all video files, and all music files on the hard drive. It did this without my permission and there was no way that I could stop it. It should have let me choose what photo files and video files that I want to import. I definitely do not like a program taking control of my computer. It also used up just over a Gig of my hard drive with over 20,000 files in over 2000 folders.The few times that I've got it to run the Photo Paint Shop I haven't been able to save much of what I've used it for. The program usually stalls out and wont respond right in the middle of working on a photo loosing what work had been done. Then the only way that I can get it to shut down is opening the Task Manager and forcing it to shut down. What little that I have been able to use this program has been way over simplified actually reducing the usefulness of it and what it can do. So even if I could get it to run right there isn't anything that it can do better, or even as good as my other photo programs that were a lot cheaper than the price on this one. My Microsoft Digital Image Pro 10 is still the one that I use the most out of all the ones that I have. I haven't tried to use any of the video part of this program yet so I can't say much about it. But if its like the photo part it probably wont work right for me either.So any who, I don't know if it's in this program or in the Vista on my lap top, it wont work for me. It probably will work with XP but I dont know and I don't have enough space on the hard drive of my old desk top to try it in that one. So if it works for you, great. But if you are running Vista on your computer I suggest that you try something else.
Unfortunately, Corel has not yet learned the lessons of consumer behavior these past couple of years.  If you want a program with a flashy installation screen, transparent splash screens, 2.3GB of hard drive space taken up and a whopping 32,443 items added to your registry then this is your program.  It's no wonder the system requirements are so steep.  As a CD and DVD burner, I see little difference between this and the many other programs out there (including freeware).  Its DVD player is fine, but frankly I already have one.  The video studio has no real outstanding features that are better than any other cut and paste video program except maybe the ability to add soundtracks and voiceovers.  It's almost embarrassing to have only four different animated titles available and the fourth can't possibly be used for anything other than baby photos.  Seriously, four only?Help is only located online and the instructions they give are very simplistic with a very small index.  I don't see a link to where you can ask questions either.  It's not really a studio, just four different programs.  This becomes evident when the icons appear on your desktop along with a gadget to open the programs just in case you weren't smart enough to double-click the icons.  Of course you were never asked permission during installation.  Corel also reassigns all the media files (movies, music, and photos) you used to play on Windows Media Player, your photo viewer or whatever you were using to Corel's programs without your permission too!  I call all this stuff vomitware.  Wake up Corel!Out of all of the programs I used, the only one I found useful was the photo-editing program. The blemish removal and the suntan tool are useful, although the fake suntan could get red and blotchy if not used properly.  The red eye tool is supposed to work on pets too but I didn't find this to be the case.  The straighten tool seemed to chop up the photo more than straighten it.  The fine tune tool (aka the quick fix) brightened up pictures and made some of the old black and white photos I was restoring look really nice.  Strangely it made color photos look too bright and a little over saturated.  In short, it's fun for beginners to play around with but it's certainly not professional quality.  You get a whopping six edges and seventeen frames for your photos in this program.  It's basic, but it is easy to learn and it may save you time over competing photo editors.Personally I would look around for a program with lesser system requirements and more features, especially since Corel needs to get more options in the features they already have.
I cannot recommend this product.  The performance is bad on my Quad Core, 8GB, 64 bit system and feature set is too lightCorel has done a nice job providing a clean interface that is shared across the prodcut set. The software will index your images and videos on your computer when it work.  I pointed the software to my images folder and it failed to add about half of the subfolders. You create slideshows and videos, the burn to a DVD that you can send to your family.  The photo editing options are pathetic. (Sepia / B&W; and little else)Corel had really butchered the Ulead product line.  Yes these are the express version of the main productss but there is just not enough features to justify paying more than $30 for this prouduct. You are better going with the Adobe Photoshop Elements / Adobe Premiere Elements or using free products.  Google has done a great job with Picasa by the way..
When I got this product I was excited, I thought I was going to get a great little program that would allow me to do a lot of cool things with my photos and videos.Instead I got a program that was only slightly better then what you already get with Windows and actually not as good as many free programs that you can download of the internet.Now the program is very easy to use and there are some nice tutorials/help topics to help you with projects and guide you through using the program.  But it is very basic bottom level stuff.If you are brand new to photo editing or video editing and you want an easy program then you can use this, but for anything else there are much better programs out there.  Also the program is quite the resource hog and it installs one of those little desktop apps that you have to close every time you startup your computer or disable, which is also annoying.
I decided to take extra time to review this product, because my immediate reaction to it was dislike.  I got this product from the Amazon Vine program a month ago, and played around with it, and I immediately disliked it.  I had a knee jerk reaction to write a 1-star review for it, and throw it in the trash.  But, because software can be multi-layered, and sometimes if you are patient with it, and give it a chance, you can gel with it, and suddenly "get" it -- so I decided to give it a chance.  Sadly, that did not happen in this case.For those of you who do not like to read in-depth reviews, here is your executive software summary:PROS:1.) Simple & easy to use2.) Relatively cheapCONS:1.) Annoying2.) Intrusive3.) Buggy (it crashed on me, several times)4.) Cost Vs. Benefit does not justify cost5.) Difficult to use for anyone who has any skill or training in any sort of more advanced software, at all (this includes: Microsoft Movie Maker, Microsoft Paint, Apple's iMovie, Apple's iPhoto, etc!)OK, for everyone else not looking for an executive summary, read on.***Feel free to skip this next section (encased in square brackets) if you do not care what my background is, or where my opinions or bias are coming from***[Full Disclosure: I have a certain bias against this TYPE of software.  I have no bias against Corel themselves or their products, but I generally do not like "dumbed down" software "for the masses."  If a customer is going to shell out the money for software to edit photos and videos, and play them back etc., then the software SHOULD be easy to use, but the more advanced features should be AVAILABLE (maybe hidden, but accessible) for when they are READY for them.  I *DO NOT* like it when software tries to do all of my thinking for me, and basically relegates me to the role of clicking the "yeah I like that" or "no I didn't like that" buttons.  I am aware that there is a market out there for this type of software, but I am not in it.Qualifications & Experience: I have a Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science with a Minor in Information Security and Computer Forensics.  I have extensive experience with: Nero Burning ROM Pro [v.8], Adobe Premiere 7 (and 3), Adobe Photoshop 7, Adobe Photoshop CS3 (full version), JASC Paint Shop Pro 8 (this was before Corel bought them out and started dumbing the software down), and Microsoft Movie Maker/Paint]There are 4 main components to Corel Digital Studio 2010, and I am going to give each component a different star rating inside this overall review, and also review them individually.  Overall, I stand by the 2-star review for the entire software package.  However, if all you want this for is one of the components, then your mileage may vary.Here is an additional "executive summary" of each component's individual stars I would give them, were I able to do so individually in this review process.Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010: 2 starsCorel VideoStudio Express 2010: 1 starsCorel DVD Factory 2010: 2.5 starsCorel WinDVD 2010: 4 starsI am going to review each component separately.  But first, I want to talk about the install process, and features/bugs that the entire package have in common.[Before I begin, the system this software was tested on has the following main components: Intel 945P LGA 775 Motherboard with an Intel Pentium 4 540J Prescott 800MHz FSB 1MB L2 Cache LGA 775 Processor with 4 GB of CORSAIR XMS 240-Pin DDR2 SDRAM with an eVGA Geforce 7800GT GDDR3 PCI Express x16 graphics card.  The system is running Windows XP Professional, 32-bit.]Why have I labeled this software package, "irritating, obnoxious, buggy, and pushy?"I have labeled it thus, mostly because of the decisions the PR and marketing and executive people made when they finalized this product for market (I guarantee you the software programmers did not dream these obnoxious features up on their own, they were forced to put them in, I am quite sure).  The executives and powers that be at Corel decided that they were going to try to sneak a bunch of stuff by you, right off the bat during the installation process, then they decided to bother you every single time you ran the software after that, and if your security tries to override or block their obnoxious behavior (such as dialing home to check for updates even though you expressly told them not to do that during the install process), then sometimes their software will just flat out crash.During the installation process, once you have entered the serial number, you will see an "install" screen, with an "install now" button (in bold) asking you to click it.  It will be many people's instinct to immediate click that button.  RESIST!  The screen will have pre-selected where it thinks you are in the world (presumably to determine what file types and export formats to load), and you can install from this screen.  However, if you do, you will be giving the program free rein to mess around with your system.  The main installation screen has some carefully obscured/hidden tabs at the top.  See those extra two tabs faded into the background?  They are important!  Unless you click on those faded tabs and change the default settings, be prepared for Corel's Digital Studio 2010 to hijack all of your video, image and audio file association settings, and to start annoying you with "update notices" (not that they stop anyway! -- more on that below) and installing software you didn't ask for. (I have included screen shots of this behavior in the "customer images" for this product, look for them above under the main product image.)I unchecked ALL of the options, and then let the install complete.  That was the irritating part.  I could have forgiven them that, had that been the end of it.  But it wasn't, and that is what led to the "obnoxious" label.Here is a list of the most obnoxious things the software does across all of the programs:1.) If you do not allow the software to associate itself with ALL of your video files, then the software WILL NOT allow you to associate JUST MTS/M2TS files with WinDVD using the standard Windows File Type associations wizard (at least, not in Windows XP Pro, 32-bit, maybe in other versions though?).  So, if you want to view a raw AVCHD video file by itself, just to organize your files, or play back a video, and WinDVD 2010 is the only software you have capable of playing it (and you didn't let it associate itself with all of your video files upon install), expect to have to open the program first, wait for it to finish its EXTREMELY LONG start up procedures, and then wait for it to allow you to browse to and open the file.  Instead of just being able to double click the file and then work on something else while it loads.2.) The installation process will install (without you getting any say in the matter, what they call the "Corel Quick Start Guide" on their product review page here on Amazon, but they call their "Corel Quick Start Gadget" in the actual program menu.  It is a little widget that loads on start up (slowing your start up down) which sits in the upper right corner of your screen, giving you hot links to the programs in the software package.  You can close it down, and prevent it from loading again by right clicking on it, but it is still obnoxious).3.) Even though I told it not to during installation, EVERY SINGLE TIME I load up one of the programs, my firewall immediately tells me the program is trying to get online and dial home (presumably to check for updates) -- I always forbid the programs access to the internet when the firewall asks me about them.  The programs still load up (they don't wait for an answer from the attempted internet connection), but they are trying to get online anyway, every single time they launch.  Speaking of program launches, all of their programs, without fail, take anywhere form 30-45 seconds to load up and actually respond to your mouse clicks and button presses.  More on this below.4.) When you close a program, an obnoxious little window will ALWAYS appear and tell you there are updates waiting to download and install (which is fascinating that it knows this, since it never got permission to go online and check) -- and sometimes when you close these little reminder windows, their software will hang (presumably because it is trying to do something online, which the firewall is preventing it form doing) and then crash.  Yes, crash.  I sent the little "report this crash to Microsoft" report and everything, TWICE!5.) To add insult to injury, the software package comes loaded with a registration wizard which CANNOT BE TURNED OFF.  You can either: register, or be reminded to register in 7 days.  You cannot tell it to "never register" or "I have already registered, this is a re-install on a new computer."  You can use complicated computer knowledge to override this behavior, but for normal users, you choice is: register, or be nagged forever.6.) Finally, in the obnoxious list, the program strews icons for EVERY SINGLE ONE of the individual programs in the package across your desktop (again, without asking you -- they want to make SURE you can find your way back to their software!).That list of obnoxious traits, right off the bat makes this a bad product in my eyes.  Dear software company executives, this kind of behavior was obnoxious in the early 1990's, can you IMAGINE how sick of it we are in the late 2000's?  KNOCK. IT. OFF!But wait, it gets worse!  Now let's talk about the programs themselves.Like I said in my disclosure above, I am a heavy user of competitor products, and quite experienced with all of them, so I have a clear bias.  Keep that in mind.Before I get into the programs in specific, you should know one final complaint I have about all of them (yes, ALL of them).  They. Are. SLOW!  The programs refuse to let you just open a file menu and then open a specific file.  No, instead, they are doing the iTunes, Picassa, Kodak Gallery, Zune method of file management -- wherein they will automatically (without your approval or ability to override!) dive right into your "My Documents" folder and begin indexing, grouping, and generating thumbnails and previews of all of your: music, movies, pictures, and anything else which catches its fancy.  You. CANNOT. Override this behavior.  Nor can you tell it to stop indexing the main directories of: My Pictures, My Videos, and My Documents.  You can ADD other directories, but you CANNOT un-add those main ones.  So ... if you have work photos you don't want indexed, or stupid photos of your pet in there, you will want to move them elsewhere, so you don't accidentally load them into a project you didn't want to load them into.  As a matter of fact, the user options in most of the programs are limited to: I want to tweak this, or brighten that, or change the sound level of whatever.Because of this constant indexing behavior, opening the programs themselves is SLOW.  For comparison, Paint Shop Pro 8 opens and responds to me in 8 seconds on the same system, and Adobe Premiere 8 opens and responds to me in 13 seconds.  BOTH Corel Video Studio Express and PaintShop Express 2010 take over 30 seconds EACH to start actually responding to you. First they have a splash screen which runs for about 10 seconds.  Then the main program window launches (but won't respond to you) and that takes about 10 seconds and then it starts displaying whatever videos, or pictures or content it thinks you might want to browse through and that takes about 10 seconds.  It will still be doing that after about 30 seconds total, but at that point it will finally start responding to your commands (albeit slowly).  From the time you launch the program, until the time it will respond to your inputs and actually let you open a file, it takes over 30 seconds for ALL of their programs on my machine.  I am sure if I a was running a Windows 7 machine on the latest quad core i7 Intel processor for a 64-bit CPU with a screaming fast new graphics card and at least 8GB or RAM, that the programs would probably boot in about 10 seconds.  But, my system isn't exactly ancient, and it can run modern games and applications (such as Adobe CS3) just fine.  So, my money is on the excessive (and non-interruptible or overridable) indexing and browsing behavior these Corel products are trying to do, which slows them down.  Even the DVD burning and DVD playback programs are slow like this (which makes no sense, because neither one of them are expressly the types of programs one would use or need to browse or index through content).OK, so, on to the specific programs themselves.**************************************************Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010: 2 stars**************************************************This is basic photo editing at the lowest level.  It even tries to hide the basic editor from the user.  To edit a photo, you have to drill down to it in the various folders the program auto displays, and then right click on it and choose "edit in express editor."  There are no handy dandy buttons for that one, you have to go hunting for that option.  The editor does not have (which I could find) any tools for self cropping, or image resizing (two of the most useful tools in most image editing programs).  The basic tools available to non-technical users are at the top of the screen and they include (and I kid you not) the options of "fast fix," "straighten," "fix red eye" and "zoom."  The "fast fix" from what I could tell, just makes the picture grainier, and brighter with a hue saturation on color.  "Straighten" tries to horizontally level a photo (leaving ugly blanks in the corners it was rotated out of) -- note, you cannot fine tune this control, either the program figures it out, or it doesn't.  And lord help you if the photo is at like a 99 degree angle or something, as that really confuses it.  "Fix red eye" is the standard red eye tool you get in most image editors these days. And the zoom slider does exactly what you would expect it to, it zooms in and out.If you want additional tools, you have to find the little hidden panel to the right which will pop out when you click it.  It has several tabs of various tools you can use, including (again, I kid you not) a "clean up" tool kit which consists of (again, I am being serious) a "toothbrush" and "blemish remover" and "suntan" tool.  The tools themselves do what you expect them to, they whiten teeth, mask/copy skin tone over pimples (or whatever else is on the skin you want to hide), and change skin-tone.  There are also some tools for controlling color hue, making the pictures black and white, adding frames, and digitally altering their edges.  That is about it for the editor.  As for things you can do with the projects in this program, you can do things like create greeting cards, calendar, collages, etc.  The system will literally, step by step, hold you hand through the whole process in a shopping cart type of behavior.  First you pick the project, then you title it, then you choose the photos you want to use, then you place them, then you can caption them, and trim them, etc.  And then you publish/save/print your project.  Granted, the calendar and greeting card functions will probably be a lot of fun for some people.  I have no objections to that.  I have objections to how dumbed down the options are, and how limited the choices are.  You get 5 total themes and layouts for all of the various projects and tools.  I am sure you can go to Corel's website and order/download more for a price though.I tested this function with the following image formats: JPG, JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIF, & BMP.  The system the software was installed on and tested is my main desktop system which stores the main digital files for all of my digital videos and photos.  There are over 20,000 images in the digital photo albums alone.  It choked on trying to index them all.  Even after running for hours, it still hadn't finished creating all of its little image previews and it still loaded everything up slowly (presumably because it was still trying to index it all).2 stars because it never crashed on me (unlike the video editor, below)**************************************************Corel VideoStudio Express 2010: 1 stars**************************************************This software basically allows you to do the following: open a video, string together video clips, cut clips, trim clips, add background music, and add caption cards to scenes.  That is about it.  The timeline is a joke, there is no stage, no ability to put in section breaks, no ability to mix sound, no ability to transition frames, no ability to set key frames, etc.  This is bare bones editing, at its lowest.  For more advanced options, you can open the options menu, and change some constants such a brightness, sound levels. Etc.  On top of that, the preview functions for the editing mode are SLOW.  So, expect to take forever doing all of this.  I tested this function with the following video files: old saved Quicktime MOV format movie file from an old 8MP camera.  Old saved AVCHD movie format from an older Canon HD (1080i) HD camera.  Newly imported AVI format movie file from new 14MP camera, and newly imported AVCHD movie format from new Canon HD (1080i) camera.  It was able to open all of them, and edit them, and play them back.  I will give it that.  But besides that and what was mentioned above, that was about it.  The software also crashed on me when I tried to load 10 AVCHD stored video clips at the same time.  It hung, stopped responding, and then crashed to the desktop.  When it did work, it did it all SLOWLY.  To add insult to injury, to burn your projects to disc, you have to load a different program (instead of it just being integrated like Adobe Premiere) -- more on that below.1 star (would have been 2, but it crashed on me)**************************************************Corel DVD Factory 2010: 2.5 stars**************************************************The DVD Factory is a DVD/AVCHD disc burning program.  You will find similar programs built right into competitor programs, like Adobe Premiere, or Apple iMovie.  But, for Corel, it is an entirely separate software package (so they can charge you more, I am guessing.)  This is basic DVD authoring, which everyone who has ever used a computer a burned data to a disc has used.  Nothing special.  I am lowering its star grade because of 2 things: 1.) you get 5 (count 'em, 5!) themes to use for your menus.  That is pathetic.  At least Adobe Premiere can use Adobe PhotoShop to make more, and they also provide free downloads of more.  For Mom or Grandpa wanting to use this software, only having 5 options is just pathetic.  2.) You don't get a lot of options with this software, you can burn to disc for most things, or the hard drive as a file (not AVCHD though).  You cannot save complicated projects with moving menu objects, video clips, etc.  and I saw no way to custom author break points in the scene line for movies.  I think you get just a basic "every 5 minutes" chapter break, or a break whenever a new clip is encountered in the time line.2.5 stars.**************************************************Corel WinDVD 2010: 4 stars**************************************************The WinDVD product is actually fairly decent.  I have owned the full retail versions of two of the predecessors of this product, and it works well.  It plays movies, either in disc form, or from the hard drive if in a supported format.  More importantly, it supports and plays back those HUGE MTS and M2TS AVCHD native files.  This is important for keeping track of and ordering your saved HD video clips.  I docked it a star because they, unfortunately, put in the slow start up and indexing functions here too.  You cannot just open a file menu and go get a file, you have to use their "open" main function, and then drill down in a tree view to your file, and get it that way, and it is SLOW (I am going to re-install it, and let it take over the video associations, just so I can start double clicking to open files)4 stars.So, that is the whole review.  Overall, the software is: irritating, obnoxious, buggy, simple, and pushy, and frankly, for the money you are spending on it, you should just drop a couple more $20's down, and get something like Adobe's combined Premiere and PhotoShop product [Amazon ASIN: B001DMBX7S] and get a LOT more bang for your buck.  Those programs are easy to use as well, and you can start off slow (and they come with video tutorials, and everything!) but you can eventually build up to using the software almost like a real pro.  The ONLY people I can see valuing this software, are people over the age of 60, who are afraid of computers, don't like computers, and want to spend as little time as possible working on projects like this ( and yes, I am aware that there are a large number of people out there like that, and to them I say, "good on you, and I hope you enjoy your programs." ^_- )If I made any factual errors in this review (and I might very well have, nobody is perfect), please let me know in the comments, and I will endeavor to correct them.
It seems like it wasn't all that long ago when Corel was one of the big guys in the software market.  Corel Draw was one of their featured products, and sure it cost a pretty penny -- but you got what you paid for.  Times were good, and Corel products just worked, and worked well.  Today, however, I have to ask, "Corel, What Happened to You?"To put in mildly, Corel Digital Studio 2010 has a lot of problems from both a usability and a functional point of view.  The program itself seems taunts "ease of use" but there comes a point when you try to dumb a product down enough that you actually make it more difficult to use.  That is the case here where the program is so "dumbed down" that even a beginner starts to get frustrated at the usability after awhile.Of course you'd think for a program that has so few ways of doing things it wouldn't take up much resources -- well, you'd be wrong.  This thing takes up incredible amounts of resources and the more you throw at it the more it will take.  I'm sure if you are converting a few photos it will be fine, but the minute you try to create videos or anything that takes up processing power watch out -- this thing will make sure it eats up every available resource it can find.I tried to like this program, I really did.  However it soon became clear that even Corel probably doesn't have a clear idea of what this program is supposed to do.  Features just don't make any sense -- or you can't find them.  Want to add a title to a movie?  Good luck!I just can't endorse this product because the functionality just isn't there, and I feel there are far better packages on the market that can handle the tasks this program tries to do.  I would even recommend that you use Windows Live Essentials from Microsoft which is free and does a far better job than this suite.  It's a classic case where Corel tried to do way too much at once and it shows.
I don't like this software at all.  I am running it on a 10 month old AMD Athlon Dual Core PC with Vista Home Premium and 3 GB of memory.  Took over 40 minutes to install, but once installed, did not run slow.The "look" of the software on the screen is sleek, black and sexy.  As sexy as software can look. :)  But considering this would be for grandma or grandpa, I think they would have a hard time seeing the menu items on the far right side in the photo editing section.  They are silver gray and don't stand out much at all against the black background.The desktop gadget is handy, but it always wants to dock itself over my other icons.  I move it, and it goes right back the next time I turn on my computer.I had a real problem right after I installed this.  I understand the need to automatically download the updates and glitch-fixes the first time the software is used, but every time I click on the gadget to launch the software, it goes right back and downloads more updates and fixes and then wants me to reboot.  I don't have time for this ---- and I am not sure if it is downloading the same updates and fixes over and over again.  The last time I just said "no" to it and went on with using the software.  This is such a pain that I will be uninstalling this software for good in the not-too-distant future.  It's just not worth the hassle to me.The other reviewers say this software is for a beginner.  I agree, especially the photo editing software.  The software I was using prior to this was Picasa 3 and my all-time favorite (also very basic) Canon Zoom Browser, which came with a Canon digital camera I used to own.And yes, you can create photo books, calendars, cards and more with this, but you can also do it online at Shutterfly and other web sites.As far as videos, I'm just getting started with my RCA Small Wonder mini camcorder, and I've had no problem importing my videos from the Small Wonder using the Corel.  That works fine.  It's also easy to create a movie from several smaller separately-taken videos.  You just drag and drop to the bottom of the page.  But it doesn't give you much of an option for the movie title screen; I think there are four what Corel calls "fun" titles(??) and some plain Jane generics.One thing I did like...uh, maybe the only thing I liked....is the way the software handles a transition when combining several short videos into one.  It was a very fast fade in/fade out, so quick that I could barely see the line of demarcation when I viewed the final movie.CD/DVD Player and Burner:  I see nothing any better with this than what came with my computer when I purchased it.My final thought:  I guess I just don't understand the benefit in using this software over what usually comes on a new computer as "standard", especially if you don't do any video editing. Windows Media Player, Windows Movie Maker, Picasa 3 (a free download) and the CD/DVD burning software that came on my PC when I bought it suit me just fine.
When I tried to install this it wanted me to uninstall my other spyware and addware, which I wasn't too happy about since those worked pretty good and were just out dated. After removing my other programs I tried to install this, and my laptop stalled out. I finally had to remove the battery to shut it down. I should have left it alone at that point but I thought I should try it one more time. Same thing, part way into the install m laptop stalled again. Again the only way to get it shut down was to pull the battery. This time I had all sorts of problems because the system files were damaged. I finally had to get the Dell tec support to take over control of my laptop to find the problems and fix it. At least it was still covered with the warranty. This was the second time that I've had a anti virus program screw up my computer when I tried to install it. I don't know if its because of a problem with the program or with the Windows Vista on my laptop. I'm more incliend to say its a problem with the Vista.
In my past experience, Trend Micro has always made middle-of-the-road products that were never quite as good as offerings from Symantec and McAfee, but were also a step above freebies like AVG. Something that you might pick up in the bargain bin at a big box store while you waited for your "real" software of choice to be updated, or for them to offer a discounted subscription.The latest Internet Security seems to continue their legacy of being destined for the bargain bin, and anymore, even that's too much to pay for what you get. It isn't particularly fast, it isn't particularly light, and it does the old "I know better than you do" tinkering with network connections. Rather than detail what's wrong with the software, I'd challenge anyone to point out what's right with it.Sure, you get a dopey USB key with virtually no additional storage. But you're going to be downloading you definition updates and software updates, so really, how is doing the initial installation from a USB key a huge benefit? If you've done it properly, the first thing you're going to do is update (and consequently replace) the software as soon as it's installed.For about 2/3 of the price, you can get a three-user license toMcAfee Total Protection 2010. It's faster, and constantly updated. Right off the bat, you have a "Does more, costs less" product in McAfee. If you have more than one computer and care about maintaining legitimate licenses (I do, personally), it's a tremendous value, comparatively speaking.
About the only good thing I can say about this is that it came on a usb stick that means you can install it on netbooks which don't have any other way to install things other than downloading or external drives.The security software comes setup with minimal/basic protection, reminds me of the way microsoft usually implements things, set it to minimum so it doesn't raise too many flags or cause too many popup windows to confuse users. it also avoids somt tech support calls/emails for them, but for the general consumer, it just  means you think your well protected, but you aren't.It installs easily enough, it will try and usually succeed in removing other security software, which is too bad... all security products these days don't play well with others. I pine for the good ole days when you could have a couple virus scanners on your system at the same time, because no one single product will catch everything. But with all the 'real time scanning' and what not, they just won't let us do that anymore.I would advise looking at ESET Security Suite, or Kaspersky. Not the popular ones being shoved in everyone's face, but more effective, uses less resources, and work well with everything I've tried them on.
I wanted to like Corel Home Office. It has a smaller footprint than Microsoft Word which should make it ideal for netbooks. I carry my netbook to work and I would love a smaller amount of space taken up on the HD by Corel Home Office but it was a headache converting my Word files. When it came down to crunch time, it just couldn't, leaving out symbols, spacing, etc. There isn't much to say about this product. I had to actually install Word on my netbook. It was worth it. I don't care that it took up more space on the HD. It saves the hassle.
Microsoft Office is the de-facto standard in basic business software in terms of word processing, spreadsheets, and presentation in our current society, which are three areas which Corel is aiming for when it comes to Corel Home Office.Several reviews have pointed out the good points in Corel Home Office. It has a very small install footprint. The menu system, presentation, and operation is modern and intuitive. The install comes on a USB Flash drive, which is the first time I have seen a manufacturer use this medium, but based on the small install size and the inexpensive price for under 1GB flash drives it is a nice 'cool/wow,' feature that is also probably cost effective.This software would be ok for a student, a netbook, or as legitimate software for a family's third or forth PC that is a backup, but not much else.The reasoning? If you can purchase actual Microsoft Office 2007 for the same price, why would you support Corel when their main plus point is compatibility with MS Office? Their menu system, features, support, or other differences doesn't justify the headache of incompatibility issues with complex or even medium complexity Office documents if you are trying to finish something for school or work.If you have ever run into issues using Microsoft products one 'perk,' is that probably several people before you have similar hardware environments, similar software installs, and were trying to perform the same sort of actions you were when you crashed, had a corruption issue, or some other error. These people were ahead of you in the curve, so seeking out troubleshooting, advice, or help is easier because in most cases someone already walked the route you walked in the same environment.The same can't be said with Corel. The installed user base is smaller. Their knowledge base will be limited. Their QA and Tech support staff will be limited. Without a significant dollar savings or at least one 'wow,' feature it is not worth the headache. The included PDF feature is nice, but doesn't justify the switch. If you are producing PDF documents you will have Acrobat, if not the entire Adobe suite.If a person hates MS so much they will be using Linux, Mac or other OS alternatives and running something such as Open Office, which is freeware.I would like to push this software and give it a positive rating, but the software is just too limited, given the possible issues, lack of price superiority, lack of scale in support/community, to give it a solid recommendation.
I don't own a netbook and perhaps the Corel Home Office would be an ideal fit if I did.  However, I have no plans to buy a notebook.  Already owning a desktop and laptop, I fail to see what purpose a netbook would accomplish.Short and sweet, the Corel Home Office is sorely lacking compared to Microsoft Office Home/Student which is the same cost.  MS offers more features and better compatibility.  Like other users, I got the immediate update and the required serial number.  It wasn't worth the trouble to update.I don't know anyone who owns a netbook, so my copy of Corel Home Office will be donated to the local library if they can use it.Sorry, Corel...better luck next time, but your accompanying letter was quite nice and made it difficult not to give the product a better rating.
I'll begin at the beginning.  Installation using the USB drive was very easy. My desktop PC is 7 or 8 years old. For reasons I'm not going into for this review, not all programs will install on it.  So, I was  excited when Corel Home Office installed on my PC without any problems.  The license agreement states that you can install it on more than one of your home PC's, but requires that the program is only used on one at a time.  I assume that means if I'm using Corel Home Office on my laptop at college, my husband can't be using the program, at the same time, on my desktop at home.I started by experimenting with Corel Write.  My Microsoft Word Office 2000 documents imported into Corel's Write program with no problems. I copy/pasted some of my emails to Corel...again, no problems. I created .pdf documents with no problems. Composing documents with Corel Write was easy, headers, footers, page numbers, etc. were all easy to use & their toolbar is nice.Everything was great until...I decided to use the tool function and did a grammar check.  That's when I found the program difficult to use.**It flagged several 'errors' that stated, >>>there seems to be a stray guillemet quote&lt;&lt;&lt;.  Well, I had to look that word up.  I think it's referring to quotation marks, if that's the case, the word used might or might not be correct.  Also, even if it is referring to quotation marks, showing this as an error on my document is incorrect.  My document didn't contain any quotation mark errors. It also confused my inch mark, ", as a quotation mark...which the program also called a guillemet error.**After encountering this error in their grammar checker, I decided to type a sentence w/o capitalizing the first letter. The grammar checker would either ignore this blatant error, or suggest an incorrect correction.  The suggested correction was a lower case 'd' which is the error I made on purpose. So the suggested correction was the same as the error I'd purposefully made.**Another 'error' it wanted to correct was a sentence that began.... "Each species plays..."  The program assumed the word species was plural and gave me a sample subject/verb comparison. *oops, it didn't use a verb in its suggestion*  It just so happens that the sample had a spelling error.  The sample was, >>these nice exemples&lt;&lt; So the grammar checker was not only wrong in flagging the error, it's correction had a spelling error as well.**Another problem I encountered with the grammar checker....when it flagged an error such as long sentence, it didn't provide any suggestions; yet, it wouldn't let me correct the error w/o closing the grammar checker.I decided not to test the grammar checker further because it was frustrating me.I don't trust their grammar checker & didn't test the spelling, thesaurus, etc. tools.***The following is a copy/paste of the 'error' that Corel's grammar checker found.  It refers to my sentence that began, "Each species plays an important role....":>>>Check the agreement in gender and in number between "plays" (noun) and that which precedes it.Rule 1: members of a noun clause generally agree in number.Counterexamples: two reliable friend / these nice exemple / an alumniCorrect examples: two reliable friends / these nice exemples / an alumnus&lt;&lt;&lt;I don't have much experience with spreadsheets, but experimented with Corel Calculate. From my limited knowledge on these programs, I think it performed just fine.I also tested Corel Show & found it user friendly.Before writing my review, I decided to update the program....just in case.  I thought the grammar tool might've had an update.  I found updating to be quite a hassle.  It seems the whole program was un-installed then re-installed.  Maybe I made a mistake somewhere along the line with this.  I'm not sure.  Also, there was no correction made to the grammar checker.If you decide to buy this program, don't throw away the 'Getting Started with Corel Home Office' brochure.  It has the serial number on the back.  You need this # to use the program.I was very excited to try this program.  My husband wishes his office would switch over to Corel's Word Perfect; he finds it much more user friendly than Microsoft Word.  My excitement slowly eeked away as I encountered difficulty with Corel Write's grammar checker.  I actually have  a bit of a headache now.Two stars for a poor grammar checker.
I was a little taken aback by the packaging of this product. It comes in a box like any other software package, but inside the box was a small instruction brochure, and another package which contained the program on a USB flash memory stick. No discs. At first, I didn't get it, and then I realized they mention netbooks a lot all over the (too large) package, and realized this was a marketing decision to get their product "in" with the netbook crowd; No need for an optical drive with the USB stick.And it works as advertised. Plug in the USB stick, and you get the typical Windows "what do you want me to do?" prompt. Use Autorun and it installs Corel Home Office in no time at all. While I'd prefer a disc, I can live with this media, too.Unfortunately, the "for netbooks" philosophy didn't stop there. One installed, running the program within Windows 7 on a regular 15" notebook computer was a disappointing experience. The program works well enough, and seems to handle MS Office files with no real problems; However, it has the annoying habit of opening in it's own non-Windows styled window, and anchoring itself to the upper left corner of the screen. This small window remains the same size, and will not allow resize, reshape, or any dimensional changes. Selecting "Full Screen" just makes everything in the window fill that window. It's as if they decided to completely disable the ability to run this well on anything with a screen resolution higher than 1024x768. I couldn't drag the window using standard Windows interface functions. It even lacks a proper window frame, and has no buttons for minimize, maximize, and close window in the upper right corner, like EVERY WINDOWS PROGRAM EVER.What were they thinking?I can't see using this on anything other than a netbook, unless you like your office documents to be anchored to the top left corner and want to get used to a completely new interface. It's a shame, too, because I like the actual program; It looks good and works well with documents. It's just a pain in the neck to use because of the lack of comprehensive view/layout controls for the windows themselves.  Any self-respecting office suite should at least allow me to put the window in the middle of my screen so I'm not looking up in the corner of my large monitor.I get that they're aiming for netbooks more than standard desktops/laptops, but why can't they do both? Why does the interface have to be so... Limited?If you have a netbook, I imagine this is awesome, and I'm hanging on to my copy to put on the netbook I will inevitably be getting somewhere down the line... But as an MS Office replacement, this falls woefully short on anything bigger than a netbook. Call me confused, but I don't see the logic in ONLY supporting 1024x768 screen resolution, and I'm a bit miffed that the box says "optimized for netbooks & compact PCs" but fails to say anything about how "optimized" really means "only meant for" and mentions nothing about how you're completely unable to resize or move windows, even if you DO have more screen real estate to use than on a netbook.Get it for your netbook and you'll probably love it. Do not bother trying to replace MS Office with this on a full-sized computer, though. It's not meant for that, and pretty much fails to be user-friendly.I do wonder if all this is just an issue with Windows 7, which I'm running. If so, consider the rating to be one star higher.  However, considering that Windows 7 is due to be the de facto OS on PCs two months from now, I don't think it's a good sign that this sort of thing could happen with a new product.
I have to say that I'm not particularly excited with this product.  It's fine if you use it as a tool for creating school work and other relatively low-level documents, but it just doesn't include enough features for me to consider it compatible with the Microsoft Office products.  I've used it to type letters, generate simple spreadsheets (the kinds that most people would make) and other basic tasks.  It worked fine in all of those operations.Unfortunately, though, with Office as the market leader, compatibility is essential.  Outside of simple Office documents, I've had very strange things happen when I opened them in Corel Home Office.  As I said, the bar isn't set high enough.  A comma-delimited table of numbers was imported into the spreadsheet as a long row, not as a table.  Pages with text and graphics and backgrounds also didn't import properly - they just looked different from the original.This may be a good program for netbooks and other lightweight computers, but for anything with any processing power you should seriously consider using the home/student version of Office...for the cost difference, you'll pick up a lot of additional features and eliminate the compatibility issues.
After using various MS Office suites, I realize that, while Microsoft keeps bloating their software with features I'll never use, I'm really in the market for something much simpler. By "simpler" I mean easy-to-use with an attractive and intuitive interface that gets the job done. However, I may not be the typical user. For serious layout work, I use Adobe InDesign, and MS Word has been mostly an intermediary between authors and the finished product.I've always like Corel products (especially PhotoPaint, which is no longer available as a stand-alone program, but comes with Corel Draw). And, like many, I used WordPerfect long before using MS Word, but in my opinion WordPerfect just didn't keep up. I've also tried the free OpenOffice suite, which unfortunately looks and feels much like WordPerfect. Having said this, after some "adventures" with Corel Write, I find this program comes up short.First, installation: It took some time to get my Windows7 system to recognize the USB drive on which the program is delivered. I opted instead to download a trial program and use the serial number to activate. This didn't work, and was advised by Corel support to uninstall the trial program and install the original (a bug in the trial program has not been worked out yet). After finally getting the USB to work, I installed the program, which required updating, for which I had to uninstall the original software before updating could take place. It strikes me that this program is really a beta version and not actually ready for public release.Even though I have kept up with the latest MS operating systems (now using Window 7), I have stuck with MS Office 2003, as the newer version add little of value in my opinion (with the possible exception of Outlook). Here's the deal: I found Corel Write to be very slow in both opening and working with long Word documents (i.e., more than 100 pages). This is unacceptable, since I make a living as an editor. Consequently, I cannot recommend this feature for Word users.Corel Show, in contrast to Corel Write, seems like a fine substitute for the Microsoft PowerPoint. However, I have not been a serious PowerPoint user and have not done much with that program, so I cannot comment much on Corel Show.MS Excel, on the other hand, is a product I've used extensively for years, and for me Corel Calculate is indistinguishable from Excel and accomplishes pretty much everything Excel does.The user interface in all three programs is similar to the newest Microsoft Office products, using a so-called ribbon menu. One can also change to a more traditional menu, very similar to that of MS Office 2003, which I find to be much faster and far more useful.I can recommend this suite for casual users who do not want to put out cash for an expensive MS Office suite. For more serious and professional users, bite the bullet and buy MS Office.
Don't get too excited about this software--the features look swell, and all that--until you discover that you need to dial a phone number to register the product.  That's right, you cannot use this cutting edge software without TALKING ON THE PHONE.  I suspect the company simply wants to "work" you while they have you on the line to sell you additional products.  No thank you!
I was curious to see how this program (PPX3) would compare toAdobe Photoshop Elements 7 [OLD VERSION] (PSE).  To cut to the chase, it didn't do well at all.PhotoPlus provides just about everything you get with with PSE plus some interesting extras (more on that later).  The nice thing about PPX3 is that it provides detailed guidance for lots of common activities and even links to help you with many of the steps.  For example, you click on "Photo Retouch" and get a list that includes "Whiten Teeth".  Clicking on that brings up the list of activities (create new layer, change opacity, get a brush, etc) and will do those things for you if you like.  This avoids having to learn these steps as you would with, for example, PSE.  Unfortunately, sometimes PPX3 gets confused in the middle of following the steps and getting back to a know point can be a bit confusing.The down side is PPX3 is LOTS slower.  Painfully slower.  If you are on a layer mask expect to stop every few seconds and watch an hour glass while PPX3 catches up.  As a test I retouched a head shot with PSE.  Simple stuff, skin smoothing, increasing contrast, crop, and sharpen.  It took about two minutes with PSE.  I tried the same thing with PPX3 (after I was familiar with performing the steps) and it took.... I never really found out, I gave up after about 10 minutes.The one feature I did like is the built in ability to handle HDR merges.  In that it does a credible job but probably not enough to justify the cost.Regarding the installation process... It is a bit unusuall to have to call somebody to exchange a license key for an installation code.  (You can also do it on line but that want obvious during the installation.)  If you are installing in the evening it means you have to wait for the next day when the support line (in Britan with US hours) is open.  On the plus side, the  person I spoke with was very helpful, willing to answer any questions I had, and eager to present my options for purchasing add-on products.  (This even before I had the main product installed.)  The whole installation process, from loading the CD to completing the phone call and entering the final installation code, wasn't that difficult.  It was just unusual.So, who should buy this?  Good question.  Maybe somebody who needs to do fairly sophisticated photo editing, has no desire to learn the steps, and has a lot of time on their hands?UPDATE (July 2012):  When I posted this review several years ago this was selling for not much less than PSE7, then the current version.  Now the price has dropped considerably.  Given the difficulty in getting this program to work correctly that does not make it any better a value.
Serif PhotoPlus X3I installed the software on my laptop thinking it would be an excellent entry-level photo tool. It loaded up lightening fast, downloaded an update, then asked me for an installation number. I called the registration hotline number but the office was closed. I dug around and found a registration site online but it wouldn't process my registration information. I had to manually write down the various keycodes in order to input them in the form. The registration screen was very vague and did not offer an easy and intuitive way of registering.I noticed Serif responded to a few Vine reviews and they stated that they were aware of this, and have a new unique product key that bypasses registration after 10/1/2009. I call their number and was greeted by a menu system voiced by a woman with a crisp and sharp British accent. After being transferred to technical support, I inquired about this new key and the agent had no clue what I was talking about. He demanded that I provide him the registration information so that he could process it. I haven't seen such an antiquated and draconian method of software registration in nearly a decade. The worst part is that you cannot use the program until you register.Luckily I tried a demo of PhotoPlus and felt that it was an acceptable tool for entry-level use, but it won't be replacing PhotoShop anytime soon. On top of that, Serif's technical support is useless and the registration process is rubbish.Overall, 2 out of 5 stars.
As a regular user of Photoshop, I was really looking forward to seeing how this low-cost package would compare with it.  Long story short...for most people, it'll work just fine.  Unfortunately, however, you have to put up with the world's most consumer unfriendly registration process...you have to actually talk to someone at the company before you can use the software.  Stopping software piracy is one thing, but their registration process seems solely designed to sell you additional products.As I said a minute ago, if you put up with the nonsense, it works as a decent photo editor.  But why bother?  Go buyAdobe Photoshop Elements 8instead.
*First impression**How the program works/ comparison to Adobe Flash & Illustrator***Additional on-line material recommendations****Pro's and Con's*****Final impression*There seems to be a never-ending supply of 2D vector-based animation softwares competing for ourartistic dollars. And, from a casual look at quite a few of them, they all are pretty similarin producing South Park-quality movies. The more recent seems to be geared towardemulating Manga graphics, however.Anime Studio "Debut" is the novice/ intermediate version of their professional version,Anime Studio "Pro." Although I've always loved animation and have wanted for quitesometime to take my illustrations and incorporate them into a movie form, I just didn'thave the time to investigate where and what would be a fitting investment for me. And,like Poser 8 that I just received, both programs and a slew of similar titles in both 2Danimation (Anime Studio) and 3D animation (Poser), were produced by SmithMicro.What I found with both titles and especially Anime Studio is that the interface is crowded.It seems as if it is a company wide decision to put all of the tabs and settings and dropdown configuration right on the opening/ default screen. This makes it, visually, a littleintimidating and reinforces the notion that these programs have a very high learning curveto use all of the functions that are available. Is there a way to have all of the functions butnot crowding out the workspace? Well, yes. Adobe's done a great job of redesigning aminimalist interface that allows one to go to the header and engage just the desirableoptions. If there are too many and space is a premium, with the Adobe suite, one caneasily collapse and move around without any hassles.  That would have been a good idea here.**I like Anime Studio "Debut 6," nevertheless. I searched around for people who've workedwith previous versions of Anime Studio to get a feel for what experienced users arebringing to the table. And, what I found was quite impressive. There are quite a few 5-minute cartoon clips on Youtube created by using Anime Studio.Anime Studio is a cross between Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Flash, but about 95% off.It's a steal, learning curve and all, at around $25. Anime Studio works in the same way asFlash. There's a canvas and various tools that you can create basic shapes. The tools,which are many, occupy the left, header and right of the canvas. Below the canvas is thetimeline. Creating an image, setting a keyframe, readjusting the original artwork are theessentials here just as in Flash.***The software comes with 3 brief (and, I mean very brief) introductory tutorials and apdf of what tools do what. What I did in addition to looking for a final project was todownload a tutorial series, run it through iMovie and compress it into one 90-minutemovie (I did the exact same thing for Poser.) It helped a lot.I'd also like to recommend, a great book w/ a cd-rom,How to Cheat in Adobe Flash CS4: The art of design and animationby ChrisGeorgenes. In this book, Georgenes lays out about 2 dozen basic to professional ways tocreate cartoons in Flash. Since, in my opinion, Anime Studio is an extremely inexpensiveversion of Flash, then this book may prove to be worth its weight in gold.****Pro's+Inexpensive+Takes up less than 500 MB of space+Attractive, but brief tutorials+Two (2) separate discs to install on Mac and Windows OS's.+Many on-line supplementary tutorials and many finished products shows the potential ofthis program has in creative hands.Con's-Interface is cluttered and visually intimidating-Program has a high learning curve (this is not necessarily a bad thing)-Company could have supplied multiple examples of real world users who succeeded withthe program.*****Overall, Anime Studio "Debut 6" is a great program to have and if one can get overthe learning curve and cluttered interface, it may prove to be a better investment thanAdobe Flash.
The Anime Studio packaging makes one think the product is geared toward children or beginners. As a beginner, I can testify that this is not the case. I'm a software engineer. When I write software and design GUIs (Graphical User Interfaces), every function must be immediately obvious to even the most casual observer or have context sensitive help or both. This software would NOT have made it to production where I work.I still have not figured much of this out. If I wanted to sit and go through long tutorials and read and study and try things for hours on end, then I could probably be productive with this. However, If you don't want to make a large time investment, this is not for you.
At first I was impressed with the program packaging, DVDs etc.  With all the packaging I thought surely that this program would be comprehensive and have a wide assortment of tools to do a lot of projects, particularly with photos.  Then I booted the program up after installation and noticed that there were a number of categories but the included templates were few and limited.  My Adobe Photoshop Elements that came with my PC runs circles around PrintMaster.  If you want additional templates you have to pay several dollars for each template that you select.  This is for the birds.
This was installed on an i7-920 machine with 6gb of DDR3 1600 ram, 285GTX video card with 1gb ram, running Vista Home Premium 64 bit OS.  All current updates to hardware drivers and software.There ARE a couple of things I can say that are better than many experienced with this software, but only a couple...My install only took 10 mins including rebooting the system when installed..  Keep in mind that this was for only disk "1" as I didn't need all the clip art, fonts and photos on the other disks.  My total install with this was kept to 3.83gbBooting the program to use each time takes about 10-12 seconds on my desktop PC.Keep in mind the more fonts(and other folder/files it has to look at) the longer it will take to boot up for you each time.  And do we really need so many fonts to pick from?  I seem to always end up using the same 6-8 all the time no matter what software I'm using.It has done what it does without any problems, it has not crashed or frozen on the screen for me.Don't even mind that it has a different user interface than old version since it's been a year since I've used Printmaster.  You can find your way around after a couple of projects and playing around some.I have had several versions of this software over the years and always found it useful, only reason I have not used it for the past year is that I have a Vista 64 bit system and needed this new version to run it.I always used PrintMaster for 1/4 fold greeting cards, label printing, single month calandars and 8.5 x 11 flyers etc.  I could still make the flyers with this new version, but forget about 1/4 fold cards and prepackaged labels.The old version had every label number you could need, just type in what you needed and it would print out the number you requested, all nice and neat.  Not now... there IS a "label" selection area, but it is empty of any standard forums to use.  You have to do it all by hand now, and copy and paste the first one to fit measurements of your label blanks.  Too much trouble.Yes, they have now added a very few 1/4 fold cards on their site to download, but they are not worth the trouble.Projects now seem to use 12 x 12 , 8x8 , 6x6 paper for the most part.Greeting cards are set up to use 4x6 ,5x7 or 8x6 paper.  I stock 8.5 x 11 paper and that is what I want to use, and don't want to have to use the paper cutter to get finished product.I would just copy over all the old label form files and card files but they will not work in this latest version.Always made single month calandar pages before and could fill in each day with notes etc. Now, it seems you can only make a full years worth on the same page.  They might be pretty, but not useful like the old version that let you do any way you wanted.There is a list of other things I don't like about this software here on the desk, but I don't think I'm going to type it all here, not much point when there are so many others here that have already thrashed through them.I really did want this software to work and have been waiting on it's release.
This is a SLOW program and takes up a lot of space on my system. I have a pretty fast computer with lots of space but still, SLOW SLOW SLOW. Installation took me a while too. The clip art is all very cartoonish and not sophisticated. It might be good for projects for younger kids but not extremely helpful for adults trying to create business products. And it's unfortunate that you can't import your own artwork to a document - you MUST use only theirs although there's an indication that you can use your own because it will search your pictures and allow you to select but then it will give you an error message. I'm a full-on user of Photoshop and I couldn't import images to Photoshop. I wanted to try to remove the white border around some of the clip art but it wouldn't allow that either. And in order for me to print something on two sides, I had to save the document as two separate documents, print one side, flip the paper over and print the other side. Sigh. Not what I expected. I hate to say it but the program is just okay at best. It's cumbersome, slow and limited. Limited is the key word here. A program like this should offer limitless places one can take their imagination. Sadly, not a good choice. Save your money. It's the kind of thing that would be helpful to maybe an elementary school teacher trying to create a flyer for the bake sale but not for any other businesses.
"PrintMaster Platinum 2.0" is the latest version of the popular print project software and, sadly, it is not a good release. We have used several versions of PrintMaster over the years to make brochures for our small business and cards for our kids to give to friends, so I was very interested in getting this updated version - but it is a total disappointment in almost every aspect. Here are my observations:Pros -+ Lots of Templates; there are a huge number of templates for creating cards, signs, brochures, etc+ Export Options; allows finished projects to be exported as jpg or png to allow opening in regular photo editing or printing programsCons -- Cumbersome Interface; hard to navigate and difficult to achieve some basic affects- Slow; just about every aspect of this program is slow - loading, searching, etc- Bloated; takes up a massive 7.7gb of hard drive space!- Limited Clipart; while there is a lot of clipart included, there really wasn't much that was of interest (this might be hit or miss, depending on what you are looking for)- Not Backwards Compatible; perhaps the biggest fault for those of us who used earlier versions, I can't import my existing brochuresSo, with all of the above in mind I will be uninstalling this from my main PC and continue to use my older version. This one will likely be loaded on one of my kid's PCs.CFH
I have done a decent amount of printing at home using various software over the years.  Everything from banners, cards, and even cd-covers and labels.  Every type of project required me to use a specific program so I thought that Print Master would solve the confusion of having all these different programs on my computer.  Unfortunately the Print Master software has too many of its own design flaws to be usable.  First of all the installation process was a mess.  I needed to print some invitation cards so I thought I would install the program and get started but to my horror the process was still ongoing at nearly 30 minutes!  Granted my computer is very old but a printing program should not take as long as Microsoft Office to install!Once installed, I found the program to be a bit hard to navigate and somewhat confusing.  It might be the learning curve that is involved but shouldn't software be designed so that even a new user can come in and start using the program without much fuss?Despite these issues, the program is very comprehensive and does provide a lot of options so it may be useful to those that need professional level results.  Personally I just need a simple and quick program and thus would prefer to use my older task specific programs to do my print jobs.
The only real use I can see for this product is for classroom use. It's great for printing bookmarks especially if the entire class is reading the same book. It has printable awards, and you can print classroom newsletters. It has plenty of project templates that would work great for classroom use, but unfortunately most schools do not have brand new computers so this program will run very sluggish. Even on my Windows 7 64-bit dual core system with 4 gb of RAM this installed and ran very slowly, like molasses.I can only imagine the other reviewers are quite accurate in their descriptions of the problems they've encountered. I haven't encountered any system crashes or freezes, but this is the slowest program I have on my computer, so I'm considering uninstalling it.Additionally, I chose "custom install" so I can opt-out of "free trials" and other unrequested installations. Unfortunately the custom install option had "Smilebox Free Trial" greyed out so it forced an installation on my system. I do not appreciate this and I hope they change that option in the future. It's a very 1998 practice.
Installation: It took an hour to install this program.  It's by far the longest installation I've seen in a while.After Opening:  This program is pretty sluggish.  If I had a low amount of memory, I'd blame it on my mac, but I don't.  I think it's just the program. It's a bit of a pain, the lag on this program.  You move a picture into the area you want it, but must wait a second (or two!) or, for mac users, endure that spinning cursor that stops you from continuing on with your project.Templates:  I actually like a lot of the template.  Some will take up a lot of ink if you choose to print them, however.  There are a variety of options for you-- greeting cards, business cards, crafts, etc.  Having not used this software before, I cannot compare it to other versions, but it does have a fair amount of decent templates to use.Fonts:  I stumbled upon some fonts that just won't work.Overall: This program is far too slow to for me recommend.  It's not designed for those who want to make a quick pamplet because of the time it takes to go from step to step.  It gets two starts for the templates and variety of items you can make.  In the long run, I expected more from this program.
The install of this software took over half an hour on a fast HP touchscreen PC under Windows 7 (longer than a typical Linux install).The application crashed about a third of the times I started it under Windows 7 and otherwise took several minutes to load.  After 35 years in computer applications I should be able to manipulate a greeting card program without referring to the generous documentation, but when attempting to create a Mother's Day card in this application while I did get an attractive result, managing the printing and folding operation would have required careful attention to documentation.The general feel of this program was a poor compromise between Microsoft Publisher and the sort of Freebie Printing Program you get with a Clip-Art collection.  If I had purchased this product at retail I would have been motivated to request a refund.  Its only saving grace is that you can produce attractive graphics, and with the instructions print them effectively.--Ira Laefsky
One week of use: I have used many versions of Printmaster over the past 15 years.  None of them stand out to me as wildly different, and I have enjoyed using them all.  There's always a change in the look of the program, but it is still pretty easy to make a card, a poster, etc. with interesting pictures and graphics.  This took a while to load on my Windows Vista laptop, but seems perfectly functional just like all the earlier versions.One month of use:  I am encountering the problems mentioned in other reviews.Most noticeably, the program will lock up for a couple of minutes at a time when I try to save or to move from one feature to another.  I am using the program on a Vostro 1720 which has plenty of power and RAM and other goodies; no other program I use is hanging up like Printmaster Platinum 2.0.The new layout is unwelcome.  It is difficult to find some of the commands to which I have become accustomed in earlier versions.  I still have not located the text stretch option!One of the worst problems for me is that this version cannot read projects from earlier versions.  All my pre-existing work is useless in this program.  Bah!In summary, I plan to uninstall this and return to an earlier version.
Note: This review is specific to the Mac version of PrintMaster Platinum 2.0 (both Mac and Windows versions are in the same box)It's been years since I've really done much with a product like PrintMaster. In fact, the last time I was really printing things often was when I was using PrintShop on Apple IIe and Commodore computers -- so it was actually kind of cool to see the Broderbund logo. I haven't really seen much from them since the early 90's.My very first impression was utter confusion. On a month-old Core i7 MacBook Pro, it took 45 minutes just to install the program disc (the first of three discs). After waiting for what seemed like an eternity, I was finally able to dig in and print off a couple of cards.Opening the application presents you with a typical project gallery, but I noticed that the available projects were a tad sparse. Perhaps more disheartening was that almost all of the projects I looked at (beyond cards) aren't formatted for regular 8.5 x 11" paper. On one hand, that's to be expected with a "real" publishing program... but I was really expecting PrintMaster to be much simpler.After choosing a template, you get to the heart of PrintMaster, which to me, seemed a lot like a 15 year-old version of Corel Draw. Adding elements to projects is klunky, to be kind. If you haven't touched a publishing program, Photoshop, Corel Draw, etc., the process is probably going to baffle you.At the same time, while PrintMaster expects that you have some degree of experience in dealing with the various template elements, doing simple things like rotating or resizing photos is an arduous task. Making changes to photos that you add to a template is limited, at best. PrintMaster is a mess, for lack of a better word.This isn't something you're going to be able to sit your grandma or first-grader in front of. And anyone who is even remotely serious about making printed projects is almost certainly going to be better off with... well... just about any other program. The only thing PrintMaster really has going for it, is being cheaper thanMicrosoft Publisher(if you're running Windows) and Pages iniWork '09(if you're using a Mac) -- either of which are easy enough for beginners, and flexible enough for advanced users.
I have loved PrintMaster for years, I think you get the most for your money with this software and it is so easy to do. You don't have to be a graphic designer to understand how to make a quick project. I have tried some of the high end programs that always end in frustration as they are not straightforward in how to use them.I can jump on PrintMaster and make a card or calander, invitation,edit my photo's, use ready made templates or create my own. The library of images is HUGE.(largest ever on this new version) Great for scrapbooking too. You can burn your work to CD or DVD's and publish to the web. All the things you want in a fun and easy way IF you are doing simple tasks. Get into personalization and it is a let down and full of frustrations.You get 3 DVD's in the box 2 with the art and one install/program. Also a ten dollar off coupon for special orders from [...]. It has quite a thick complete user manual but I have been able to just open the program and take off it is that easy. Easy for simple things, not personalized projects. With the last software I got I had to end up ordering the deluxe instuction book and I still stuggle everytime I use it and it took over My Pictures which I hate. Not so with older versions of PrintMaster.This new version takes over an hour to install. My first thoughts were it is fantastic as it has soooo many choices. When you make a pre made template it is fairly easy. When you go to adding photos and wanting to crop them and add backgrounds not so easy. I sat down today for a few hours working with it and my initial 5 star review fell to a 2. I like the older version I own of PrintMaster Gold.
Didn't care for it all, so it looks like I'll be going back to my old creata card program.The other reviewers seemed to have covered everything pretty well but I would like to add thatnot only does this program takes up a lot of space on your computer, the designs just aren't up to par.In fact they seem more suited for children than for an adults needs.
First of all it takes forever for it to load - for all 3 disks it took about 90 minutes on Windows XP even with nearly 4G of RAM.  It eats a lot of disk space (23,239.00MB). When you click on the icon to open the program be prepared to wait a while. It will take 5+ minutes for it to come up.  And I can't get any of my projects to print.  I can print using any of my other programs on my PC but when I try to print something using the "PrintMaster" software program I get an message saying, "Unable to send pdf file print - job failed printer is not accepting jobs".I have tried to fix this but so far haven't been able to do so.  I dread the idea of uninstalling and re-installing the program.  Maybe tomorrow if I have a couple of hours to kill I might try it but so far I'm not very pleased.  It does have loads of clipart and seems user friendly enough and it came with real user's manual booklet all in English.  I can create some cool looking projects but they have to stay inside my computer until I can get this print problem resolved.
As the title says, the name is about all that remains in this version of Printmaster. Gone are the easy intuitive methods of doing tasks, and even though they include all the graphics and templates in the package and say you  don't need to download anything, the included items are pretty sparse, and not very interesting.They of course give you the option to download more templates, graphics etc, but at an additional cost. Not very consumer friendly in my opinion.Installing the program is a chore in itself. Since they include so much stuff on the disks, it takes forever to install, even with a high powered quad core system like mine. I guess it bottlenecks speedwise on how fast your optical and hard disk drives are.Making a project from scratch is hard and time consuming. I found it easier to pick one of the uninteresting presets, and then start editing from there.All in all, not really an upgrade, just a different way to do things you were used to doing before....
I have had PrintMaster in the past, and even 12 or so years ago the product just worked so much better than it does now. It makes me wonder if the software development, bug fixing, and testing is now outsourced. Everything I really wanted to do did not work.I spent several hours making a page that had a photo as the main subject, then I put some border designs at the left side, and headline text at the top. That was straightforward, but then trying to save the file after a few hours of designing exactly what I wanted (some mirror images, cropping, etc.) failed. No way to save it! So I tried to just print it- and it could not print either- saying it could not find the printer (that I just selected and could use with any other application).The main thing I wanted to do with this product was to create business cards. I first tried doing it from a template. You used to get a screen with a large work surface, and LOTS of templates. The templates showed you pretty clearly what one card looked like. Then you picked which paper you were printing on, and it would print that card on all of the cards on the sheet (eg. 10). Well, now when you pick a template, you pick one that shows you 10 cards at once! So you get a very tiny view of your card, then there is no choice of paper when you want to print. I tried creating a business card from scratch, which I used to do all the time very easily, and finally got one I sort of liked, only to find that I had to copy and paste every feature on each of the little cards to try to get a full sheet of cards. This is just nuts!
I must admit before I tried the program I was frightened by the number of negative reviews and thought, certainly this program can't be *that* bad. Well, it is.My 90 year old grandmother loves to make printed cards to send to me, so I was half hoping that I could give this to her and make her happy. Instead, it should probably go in the trash.First of all, the program is slow. What it's doing that causes it to be so slow is beyond me, but browsing clip art to basic functionality. Adding photos to basic things like calendars was horribly slow. Even on a quad core desktop, it felt like I was watching grass grow.The clip art is horrible. Even with the gigs of space it took up, I couldn't find anything that didn't look horribly cartoonish.Also, if you have a previous version of Printmaster, you're out of luck when it comes to importing your old projects. That's just inexcusable.Bottom line it fails the "grandma test" - it's not particularly easy to use, it's not responsive enough that I'm worried that grandma will succumb to old age while waiting for basic operations of the software to finish, and the clipart is horrible.There are better solutions out there. Run from this software.
This is an entry level product. Can't compare it with $500 products. That would not be fair. Fine for a person who just wants to mess around. It's cheap, on many levels.
I have been using Print Master for close to 10 years and have loved it.  I used it for all sorts of things, greeting cards, flyers, business cards, posters, photographs, etc.  The first ones came with a lot of clip art but gradually later versions came with less and less art included unless you wanted to download it from their website.  I was a really good program for home or light business use.I was really disappointed it this version.  It was missing many of the things that I had grown to expect from Print Master.  I don't know if they are going for a different market (like scrap-bookers) or if their is a better version available that is more like the Print Master of old.  Either way, I am not pleased.
I was actually surprised to see that this program was still being made. It is hard for me to comment on whether or not this program is a disappointment, because I did not expect much from it to begin with.  Everything this piece of software can do, can be done better elsewhere. Making cards,calendars and other media items can be done with better quality through an online source like Kodak easyShare, Snapfish, or Shutterfly.  These companies make it a breeze, create products on professional grade stock and guarantee results.  Why put your printer through the stress.I would not use this product for any of my printing needs.  The only one's in the family that actually use the program are my 6 year old and 10 year old.  They think it is fun creating calendars and cards with PrintMaster.
Trend Micro Internet Security 2010 is one of the most obnoxious computer security programs I have ever had the misfortune of using.  I couldn't get it off my machine fast enough.[*Note: the help file refers to both 2009 and 2010 as the name of the this product being reviewed, so I am not sure which version actually came on the disk.  Most likely it is a hybrid of both.]Subscription-based paid-to-use "premium" security products are fighting a battle they may not be able to win.  Many of the services and features such software products used to solely offer, can now be found for free in the operating system itself, or for free as a downloaded program.  Case in point, Trend Micro Internet Security 2010 has a feature to control when Windows user accounts access the internet via a time schedule.  Versions of Microsoft Windows, after XP, offer that set of tools for free right in the OS, as "parental controls."  They don't work the exact same way, but they are close enough for most parents.  In the case of the OS provided controls, the computer itself cannot be used outside of the time limits.  In the case of the Trend Micro product, just the internet is disabled outside of the time limits.  But, for kids these days, 90% of the time if they want to be on the computer, they want to be online.  For the rest of that 10% of the time they need to be typing up school work, that is what parental control overrides are for, should the need arise.[Note, my comments in square brackets, like these, are optional.  You may skip them without missing any important information.]--------------------------------------------------------------------------EXECUTIVE REVIEW FOR THE IMPATIENT:Installation Process: ...........................2/5Malicious Code ("Virus") Protection: .......4/5Resource Use & Computer Slow Down: ...3/5Firewall Protection: ............................4/5Internet/Child Controls: ......................3/5Network Map/Management: .................2/5Irritation level/User Friendliness: ..........1/5Overall: ...........................................2/5--------------------------------------------------------------------------[Note: throughout this review I will be using the word "virus" in quotes.  That is because I consider that word to be a media invented label for malicious computer software/code which is used to scare people into behaving irrationally. (I have actually been called out to look at employee PCs to diagnose slowness/lag only to find an insane number of redundant security programs running by people who have been frightened into thinking "viruses" are just lurking around everywhere, trying to get into their computers -- security programs tend to be very resource hungry -- they slow computers down, see the screen shots I am posting with this review).  A virus, in biology, is a microorganism you can "catch" if you are exposed to it, no matter what safety precautions you might be taking.  A computer "virus" doesn't work the same way.  If you practice safe computing practices, your odds of your computer being compromised by malicious computer code (AKA a "virus") are very small.  Yes, the bad guys are working on new and improved ways of figuring out how to get their malicious code onto your computer, and they are most certainly getting more inventive.  But, the fact still remains that if you take the proper steps and follow the proper procedures, your risk of your computer being compromised is very small.  At the end of this review I will list some basic steps you can follow (for free) to secure your computer.][Note: the computer used to test this product is a 3.2GHz, dual core processor, with 2GB of RAM, running Windows XP SP3 running Spybot Search & Destroy, and PC Tools' Free Firewall and no other security software]--------------------------------------------------------------------------TREND MICRO INTERNET SECURITY 2010:--------------------------------------------------------------------------INSTALLATION PROCESS:Unlike Norton 360 andMcAfee Family Protection 2010 3-User, which I have also reviewed, this product INSISTS on you removing all other security programs it can detect.  The full list can be found here: [...]If you leave them installed and ignore their warnings, the installation program will automatically run their uninstall programs anyway, when it detects them. Among the programs that Trend Micro objects to you having installed: Spybot Search & Destroy, anything from Norton, anything from McAfee, most 3rd party firewall and security suites (although not PC Tools, which I am currently using -- go figure).  Norton and McAfee might complain about you having other security software installed, but that is it.  Trend Micro will just flat out refuse to install if you refuse to cooperate.  See uploaded screen shots from install process which I am adding with this review.[Interestingly enough, Spybot recognizes what Trend Micro's program is trying to do, and calls them on it.  The uninstall program has a list of options for when you are uninstalling, and one of them is, "forced to uninstall by Trend Micro product due to alleged incompatibilities."  It lets you know that they cannot reproduce these supposed incompatibilities, and that you can re-install Spybot once you are done installing the Trend Micro product.  Seems to me that Trend Micro (and the rest of the companies listed in Spybot's list) are up to some shady business practices.  I don't like this strong arm tactic of Trend Micro's at all.  It is one thing to advise me that there might be problems, it is another thing ENTIRELY to refuse to install unless all other competing products have been uninstalled.  It just so happens that Spybot has a nifty "Windows Start Up" editing tool which I find quite useful to purge the junk that software will try to put into my startup process.  I don't know if the Trend Micro product will contain this functionality or not, but I DO know I am going to re-install Spybot right after I am done installing this thing.  Minus 1 star right here, Trend Micro, and I haven't even finished installing the dang thing yet! (Note: I did re-add Spybot soon after I wrote this part of the review, and as I predicted, it conflicted with nothing, also note the Trend Micro product DOES NOT include the same functions Spybot most especially the "Windows Start Up" editing tools.)]--------------------------------------------------------------------------MALICIOUS CODE ("VIRUS") PROTECTION:I ran the standard battery of tests on their "virus" & spyware protection functions.  Arguably, this is the main function of the software, so one would expect it to perform the best, and it came through pretty well.Detecting old/known "viruses": Succeeded.  As a security and computer professional, I have quite a few old/quarantined "virus" files in the archives.  I peppered a few of them through the test system, including some non-Windows ones, and the product found all of them on the first scan it ran during installation.Detecting/Protecting against "zero day" (brand new) "viruses": Succeeded.  Visited a well known cyber criminal "hang out" and downloaded code for the "latest and greatest" "virus" being worked on.  (Modified the code so it wouldn't do any actual harm to the target PC), compiled it and ran it.  The program's threat detection noted the behavior of the program trying to run, and blocked it.  It may not be able to detect everything right away, but it knows about basic "threat behavior" -- specifically attempts to insert sneaky start-up code, attempts to modify the master boot record, and attempts to overwrite existing, legitimate program executables.Detecting/Protecting against website threats: Succeeded.  Visited known insecure websites, and all such visits in all major browsers (MIE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Chrome), was blocked.  However, you cannot simply check a box, or push a button that says, "I know the risks, override," like many other security products.  Instead, you have to physically go into the filters and white list something manually.  Making it a chore, instead of a quick and easy fix.Only complaint: unlike Norton 360, Trend Micro's Internet Security 2010 doesn't download updates nearly as often.  Norton's 360 downloads updates roughly every 15 minutes.  Trend Micro's product does so roughly once or twice a day.  This leaves a larger opening for "zero day" threats to land.  Perhaps Trend Micro is stealthily checking in the background and I am not aware that it is checking, but I only see notices of updates being checked for/downloaded about once/twice a day.  Whereas with Norton's 360, it was all the time.--------------------------------------------------------------------------RESOURCE USE & COMPUTER SLOW DOWN:All computer security software that does any sort of "scanning" is going to take up resources, both RAM and CPU.  There is just no avoiding that with the modern approach to scanning methods.  Trend Micro's product claims that it has a, "20% faster scan time."  They do not elaborate what, specifically, it is 20% faster than, but I am going to assume previous versions.  The scanning process is rather fast.  Even the "deep" scans didn't take that long.  However, they still do take up to 40-50% of the CPU resources.  RAM use is relatively low, CPU use is rather high while it is scanning.  It runs two levels of scans, one is a process called "tsc.exe" which is part of their spyware, etc. detection and removal tools.  The other is called "SfCtlCom.exe" and it is the standard "virus" scanning and removal tool.--------------------------------------------------------------------------FIREWALL PROTECTION:Detecting/Preventing network-based attacks (like denial of service): Succeeded.  I ran a network security administrator's testing tool to simulate several types of denial of service and similar types of network based attacks.  The Trend Micro firewall detected and blocked them.  (So does the free firewall I normally use).Detecting/Blocking ping and sniffing attack research: Succeeded.  I ran a network security administrator's testing tool to run various types of pings and sniffing attempts to ferret out information about the target machine running the Trend Micro security tools, they were all blocked.--------------------------------------------------------------------------PARENTAL CONTROLS & MISC:The Trend Micro product includes a half hearted attempt to include some parental controls for managing internet security for children.  If you wish to apply the controls to specific children, or even one child who isn't you, then you need to create them their own account in Windows (user or administrator, it doesn't matter -- you can also set the controls for the guest account, and the hidden Windows Administrator account).  The account settings are computer specific, and you CANNOT edit them remotely, and the settings are unknown across your network or on any other computer with the same security program installed.  In contrast, the McAfee Family Protection 2010 program creates accounts IN the McAfee program, and they are tied to your account you create for the software license.  So, as long as you use the same license to install the program on different machines, the accounts (and their settings) carry over, and are known on ALL of the machines the software is on.  I like that setup a LOT better than the Trend Micro setup.  With the McAfee program, you can edit EVERYTHING in all of the settings, for all of the accounts, across all of the machines the security software is installed on, remotely.  You cannot change any settings which matter remotely with the Trend Micro program.  Just some of the basic "virus" scanning settings.Unlike the McAfee Family Protection 2010 product I reviewed previously, the Trend Micro parental control tools are rather limited in scope (of course, the McAfee Family program ONLY does parental controls, but you can get a version that does everything, just like the Trend Micro product being reviewed here).  Instead of allowing the regulation of internet usage time and TIME DURATION of a child's account, you may only set time of day usage rules.  Additionally, like the McAfee product, you may also filter website access by various categories including: Adult, Gambling, Crime, Games, Chat, Peer-To-Peer, etc.  You may also black and white list specific sites.  Also similar to the McAfee product, you may enter typed data you want secured.  Unlike the McAfee program though, the Trend Micro program actually will BLOCK the submission of any form containing this protected data.  So, if you enter in your child's phone number, your home address, etc. if they try to submit that EXACT string of typed characters to any website or search engine, the Trend Micro program will stop the execution of the form and display a "blocked" messages instead.  If the exact string isn't entered, then it isn't blocked.Missing from the parental controls: reports, logs, ability to block specific programs, and ACTUAL remote management.  Additionally, the option of a key logger, and screen shots would have been nice.  They may not be needed, but for families that do need them, they are handy to have. Minus 1 star.--------------------------------------------------------------------------NETWORK MAP/MANAGEMENT:The network map, and remote management is disappointing at best, and pathetic at worst.  The map frequently fails to load if you are connected to the network via a wireless connection.  The map NEVER shows connected devices such as scanners/printers/stand-alone hard drives either.  Other devices on the network (and the router) pick them up and show them just fine, but not Trend Micro.The "remote" management is tedious.  First you have to setup passwords, then enable the management, then do the same for all of the other computers on the network, then hope it works.  When it doesn't, do it again, until it does (it eventually will).  Once all that is done, there isn't much you can do.  See the screen shots I uploaded.  You can view logs, run a scan, and change some minor settings (no updating parental controls or anything else in-depth, at all).  I was very disappointed by this aspect of the program, especially when it is compared to the fantastic job of remote management that McAfee introduced with their product. (I feel like docking them a star for this one, but I won't.  If you feel like I should have, mentally reduce their score by another star)--------------------------------------------------------------------------IRRITATION LEVEL/USER FRIENDLINESS:The program restarts itself even if you disable it/exit it.  It will ALWAYS re-load itself upon a re-boot. (This can be a good thing if a "virus" is doing it.  It is a bad thing if you are a computer professional, and want the program off until you turn it back on again.  If I give the admin password, and shut it off, that should be the end of it.  It should stay off until I tell it differently.  I am the boss, not it.  I loathe inanimate objects second guessing me.  That is about as helpful as my car refusing to turn right because it thinks it "knows better.")  The program will also ignore you telling it to allow a program, and stop bothering you about it.  See screen shot I uploaded.  Especially if you are a computer professional (most especially if you use network admin tools, and other security related tools) you will get irritated by this quickly.  The program will continuously pop-up messages warning you about the program: running, changing anything, or setting itself to run again, over and over and over again.  It gets old fast, and it refuses to obey the "stop warning me about this" check box. Minus 1 star.--------------------------------------------------------------------------OVERALL:The program does its core job fairly well.  If ALL you care about is "virus" protection, spyware protection, and firewall protection.  This product is just about as good as anything else on the market.  Give or take some update speeds.  However, if you want a comprehensive "internet security suite" ESPECIALLY if you want to remotely manage it, and MOST ESPECIALLY if you want IN-DEPTH parental controls, then look elsewhere.  Overall: 2/5 stars.--------------------------------------------------------------------------FREE COMPUTER SECURITY TIPS!1. Never ever install "mystery" programs.  If you didn't buy it on a disk, or pay for a download, or get a free download from a reputable site, odds are very good that you are about to compromise your computer.2. Avoid peer-to-peer stuff like the plague.  They are INFESTED with every malicious code variant ever dreamed of, and many of the peer-to-peer clients themselves are infected too.3. Get a firewall, and keep it on.  The basic Windows firewall will do in a pinch.  But I recommend you go ahead and go that extra mile and get a better one.  There are several good (free) ones on the market.  Pick your favorite.  Simply search for "top free firewalls" and you will have plenty to pick from.  I am partial to several brands myself, but I am not here to advertise for them, so you will just have to make your own decisions. ;-)4. If you are concerned about "viruses" you can go ahead and download a free "virus" scanner/preventer.  There are plenty available.  The most popular right now is AVG.  Although I don't bother with them.  For most clients who want extra protection, I generally install a "behavioral monitor" program.  These types of programs, like the Spybot Search & Destroy Tea Timer, or the PC Tools Threatfire are similar to "virus" scanners, but they are more light weight, and much less resource hogging.  They simply recognize the BEHAVIOR of "virus"-like programs, and ask you if you want to allow it.  Much simpler and easier to deal with than a full fledged scanner.5. Do your research. If you have a pop-up on your screen which LOOKS like a Windows message, and says you have 1,000+ problems in your registry you need to clean IMMEDIATELY.  Calm down.  First, hop on the internet and search for the exact phrases you are seeing, and any product names you are seeing.  Most likely you have some spy or ad-ware and they are trying to trick you.  Also, do searches for "product name" + "rip off" / "scam"/ "fraud"/ etc.You will be AMAZED at how effective those 5 simple tips are.  Follow them, and you will lower your risk of getting hit by a "virus" or other malicious code dramatically.  Make sure you educate your children about them as well.--------------------------------------------------------------------------[Curriculum Vitae (AKA "what bloody right do you have to be speaking about this subject?!"):I have a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science with a Minor in Security and Forensics.  I feel qualified to speak about most issues related to modern computing, especially computer security.  I do not work for any specific anti-"virus" company, nor do I work solely on computer security issues as my sole area of professional interest.  So I do not count myself an expert in the field.  But I most certainly have the educational background, and the professional practice to write this review with authority.  That doesn't mean I cannot be wrong or make a mistake, or that someone with more experience doesn't have a better angle on the product in question.  But it does mean that I stand by what I write here about this product as a professional in the field.  Don't just take my word as the final word, though.  Feel free to download a free trial of any computer software you may be interested in, and make the ultimate decision yourself.  You will always be the most qualified person to decide what is worth your money.]
Do you need an antivirus (AV) program if you have a networked computer?  ABSOLUTELY!  Do you need an antispyware (ASW) program if you web surf?  You probably should.  Do you need Trend Micro's AV and ASW 2010?  Uhm, no.TM's AV is BASIC.  If you have to pay for this, you can get the same basic AV capabilities using free online software (do a google search on free antivirus).  You'll note that when you look at the back of the box--not shown on Amazon, you can see that our of all the nifty gadgets and gizmos that TM AV premium has, and wonder why the heck you bought the basic version--there's not much there.Sure, TM's AV/ASW 2010 quotes itself for being optimized for WINXP, WINVISTA, and WIN7, but to tell the truth, so do all the other AV's out there.  And guess what?  There's no proof in the pudding.  It's no faster or slower than anything else out there, but there's not much to the program, so yeah, it's probably much quicker than its premium cousins.  Big surprise.TM's AV/ASW 2010 has a feature that is kind of odd is its behavioral engine--I have no idea what it does, and you'll never find out in the manual either.  Also, it does the basic quick scans, full scans, and scheduled scans, but the timing for the scheduler leaves A LOT to be desired.Bottom line: should you purchase this?  If you don't do the research on any other AV program, and you really want to have basic AV protection, then yes.  However, I'd say just get a little web search savvy and pick up some freeware OR go to the well-established AV products from the "other" companies.
I've tried to figure out how ratings of antivirus software show where Trend Micro stacks up against the competition.  The ratings are all over the map.  Sometimes Trend Micro is listed in the top ten antivirus software programs and more often not.  It seems to depend on the methodology used to rate these programs, and of course on which set of rating one can trust.  But they all seem to agree that Trend Micro is great in threat detection.I've found that both the email and phone support for Trend Micro are great, and a good tutorial would also be useful.  What I like about the program is its ease of use and the fact that it doesn't do anything that I find annoying such as trying to insist on presence of a toolbar for example.  It's easy to forget about the program and just feel confident that it's working.  The automatic updates and scans are excellent.A big concern is whether one's antivirus program slows down the system.  Trend Micro doesn't slow me down more than anything else I've tried but I have never used one of the truly expensive antivirus programs that are touted as better in this regard.  My judgment is that Trend Micro is fast in its price category in which I am familiar.This software does not offer everything.  It does not offer full Web protection or adequate protection against spam, a constant thorn in anyone's side.  It's not Virus Bulletin Certified 100% for Windows XP or Vista.  But the antivirus protection gets the job done well and that's why one would probably want to buy it.  I've noticed a growing awareness of this software as it continues to win the hearts and minds of desktop users such as myself.
It's a Good Product but should be Integrated into a Utility Suite.  It should be part of an antivirus protection package.  Other than that criticism, it has been quite effective in keeping our computers safe.
Save your money.  There are many products out there that do this plus a whole lot more.  And I don't think they cost much more.
It works as a basic antivirus software, but it did fail on a few occasions of extreme testing.  Luckily, I tested it on my test PC where I usually try out software first before installing on my main PCs.  It failed on some vicious trojans, viruses, and worms including Vundo, Artemis!, and Puper!a.  Granted, I was a bit extreme with testing this antivirus/internet security software.  Everything else was lackluster.  The McAfee Security Suite that came with my DSL is much better.  Maybe some bugs still needs to be worked out.  As reviewed, I would not recommend this to family or friends, so I cannot recommend it to those reading this review.  I will test it further in the future.  Results pending.
I seriously cannot remember the last time I depended on McAfee products to keep my PC secure.  I have used Norton Internet Security exclusively the last three years, but I needed more licenses than I already had. I ordered a 3-user license of McAfee Internet Security 2010 and now remember why I stopped using McAfee several years ago.PROS:- Low impact on system performance- Well organized interface- Lots of features- Inexpensive compared to competitorsCONS:- Poor threat database- False positives- Disabling e-mail scanning causes nagging prompts- Historically does not catch insidious files as effectively as competition- Only 30 days of free supportThe install was quick, but not as quick as Norton Internet Security 2010 or Kaspersky Internet Security 2010.  After the install, I was not required to reboot.  It did not prompt me to perform a full system scan, as I feel it should.  I manually ran the scan and it finished in under an hour.  I did not expect to see anything unusual, but in fact, I did.VIRUS/MALWARE DETECTIONHistorically speaking, MIS has performed below average at detecting viruses and malware, compared to the competitors.  Their database of threats is usually significantly smaller than those of Norton and Kaspersky.  I wasn't exactly sure how I was going to test this feature without giving myself a virus, but after my first full system scan, McAfee apparently caught a virus!  I was shocked.  I hadNIS2010andKIS2010on my system just before installing MIS2010 and so you can imagine my amazement.  The file it caught as a virus was WinDVD 2010, windvd.exe.  Uh, no.  The reason my previous 2 security programs didn't catch it was because it is NOT a virus.  Just to be sure, I checked the file with the online virus scanners of Kaspersky and ESET (Nod32) and they both cleared it as well.PERFORMANCEI was actually quite surprised that the impact to my system from MIS2010 was fairly minimal.  It was about the same as Kaspersky, as far as I could tell, but still impacted my web browsing more than Norton.USER INTERFACEThe interface has two versions, Basic and Advanced.  The Basic interface is generally good and allows quick access to updates and scanning.MISCLike most security suites, McAfee also includes parental controls and spam filtering.  I've read that they are pretty decent, but I do not use them and prefer to turn them off or not have them at all.  I also don't have an e-mail client on my computer so I choose to turn off e-mail scanning but McAfee continued to nag me that my system was not secure because I'd turned it off.  I should be able to choose to not use a feature without being warned by nagging messages.  I reluctantly turned it back on so I could tell if the big red X on my system tray icon meant it was a real threat and not that I'd turned off e-mail scanning.MIS2010 also includes a file shredder, network map, web site safety ratings, and identity protection.SUPPORTThe quality of software support is often hit or miss, but with McAfee, you'll only have 30 days to hit, or miss.SUMMARYMcAfee Internet Security 2010 is underwhelming in nearly all tasks that matter.  I expect at the basic level, that my security suite will keep my PC secure, accurately.  Then I hope for good performance, ease of use, and good bonus features, all supported by decent technical support.  It does not stack up well against Norton or Kaspersky in any area.  I would personally rather use Microsoft's free Security Essentials, which has been rated very good, before I trust MIS2010 on my system.  I strongly discourage any user from using it, even if it's offered at no charge.
Don't be fooled by the PLUS in McAfee's Antivirus PLUS edition.  This is McAfee's most basic level of computer protection.  When comparing this Antivirus software with McAfee's other software options - Internet Security and Total Protection - we see that the Antivirus is sorely lacking features and protection abilities.  McAfee's Antivirus PLUS software is the lowest on the totem pole of virus protection from McAfee - a totem pole that should not even exist.As a very basic antivirus software McAfee Antivirus does protect a computer that is used only for simple internet tasks, such as email checking, website surfing, etc., and allows for a basic system scan.  However this is where this protection stops.  No protection for internet shopping, no protection for secure data transfers.  We all know that 99% of viruses come from the internet and email.  Nowadays about the only files being shared outside of the internet are store-purchased software programs on DVD or CD (which are guaranteed virus-free), store-purchased or rented DVD movies or music CDs, and the occassional personal photo CD or video DVD from a friend (personal image and video files from a camera are always virus-free).  So the only effective virus protection needed is against internet transactions, website downloads, and email downloads.In comparison to other antivirus programs by other companies, McAfee's Antivirus PLUS edition falls well below the standards of nearly every pay-for-protection software program and the majority of up-to-date free antivirus protection.So then, who is this product designed for?  The innocent uninformed shopper and perhaps the minimalist internet user?  With this strategy, McAfee's software should then use the lowest amount of system resources to keep the computer running as fast as possible.  Unfortunately McAfee doesn't do this.  Other more feature-rich anti-virus programs run on less system resources with more protection.The 3 user feature of this software does allow 3 computers to run this software.  This is a great plus for the price, however shopping around we find many more comprehensive antivirus programs allowing for unlimited computer installation for the same price or less.All in all, this software falls below my expectations.  McAfee is one of the two giants of antivirus protection.  McAfee should be making software that far surpasses the competition.  However in this case, the opposite it true.  The McAfee Antivrus PLUS 2010 addition is like a brand new car that is sold without a stereo, seatbelts and airbags.  Yes it drives from A to B, however nearly every other car is a better choice for obvious reasons.My advice is to check out AVG Antivirus - the internet's most downloaded free antivirus software.  AVG has a great reputation.  Or Vipre Antivirus, a comprehensive antivirus program that uses minimal system resources. If you strongly feel that McAfee is the brand for you, then skip this lowest level software option and spend $10 more and purchase McAfee Total Protection.  With total Total Protection, you'll get the features that this PLUS antivirus software should have.
I actually received two anti-virus software programs in the span of the last two months and have to admit that I have been incredibly let down by both Trend Micro's internet security pro AND McAfee's Antivirus Plus 2010.Antivirus Plus is the kind of software you can get for free online. It offers NO bonus features worth the purchase and only offers 3 of 8 features listed on the back of the box. This is a HUGE dissapointment. I got this with the inclination that I was receiving TOTAL virus protection. I figured this program would offer the full spectrum of coverage. From online security during web shopping sessions to site advisor protection that would keep me and my family members only clicking on verified, SAFE links. But, alas, this software offers none of that! Compared to Trend Micro's Internet Security Pro 3.0 this is a total waste of computer space. Trend Micro's security is only four dollars more expensive but it covers EVERYTHING and also features bonus componants like a PC Tune up feature that cleans up your hardrive space and even gives you 2 gb of free online space to keep files safe if need be.McAfee has also let me down in the scanning department of the software. It picked up 2 viruses (trojans) on my system but failed to fix them in any way. It wasn't even able to quarentine the files and I wound up with some program message telling me to contact McAfee for further support. This is a BIG problem to me. When I purchase antivirus software, I expect it to be up to date and ready to clean, quarentine, repair and wipe the suspected infections clear off of my PC. For McAfee, which is supposedly such a HUGE name in antivirus protection, to fail me on this level, is unforgiveable.This is getting uninstalled right after I finish this review!!! Also, I may have promoted Trend Micro a bit, but I am also not a huge fan of there software. I like the fact that it offers the wide variety of protection and help but I am a little peeved that it didn't suspect the previous files I mentioned that McAfee picked up. I am not sure why that was, but it leads me to believe that TM security pro 3.0 is behind in it's virus database or is not performing the constant background scanning that it implies it does. I am now currently looking into finding something that is going to keep my computers running smoothly and that will not only FIND the viruses, but clean them out as well. I might wind up back with Norton, despite the incredible lag it gives to my computers. Oh well!
* Product Description/ A few thoughts about Roxio/ Sonic Solutions** Testing of products*** Free Alternatives**** Conclusion* Roxio Creator 2010 is the latest audio/video and photo editing and presentation suite from Sonic Solutions for the Windows OS.  It is the Windows alternative to their Mac-compatible suite, "Toast."Creator 2010 is a suite of 13 different softwares:--Back On Track--CinePlayer--Creator Classic--Label Creator--Media Manager--Music Disc Creator--My DVD--Photo Show Express--Photo Suite--Roxio Burn Options--Sound Editor--Video Copy and Convert--Video WaveCreator 2010 is about 2.5GB of space on the hard drive, but if the installation disc does not see at least "5 GB" of free hard drive space it will not allow you to install.  I had 50GB to spare.  No problem, I've been using Roxio's Toast for about 10 years now, and up until they made some administrative (economic) decisions about the quality of products they were going to issue, I wouldn't have suspected that any product with the Roxio name was be lacking.  That was until 6 months ago, a trip to the Apple Store and $320 later when I found out that Toast had to be removed because it was incompatible with OSX 5.8 and Quicktime Pro.I got around Creator's inability to see the extra storage by buying an 8 GB thumb drive,SanDisk Cruzer Micro 8 GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive SDCZ6-8192-A11.  I now have Creator '10 installed and ran 6.5 hours of testing on WinXP.  These are my findings:** CinePlayer-- There are several programs that do not recognize the system's profile, such as the displays resolution.  As a result, I've had to exit the software and re-engage it.  CinePlayer states that it has support for 18 different file formats.  I tried 4 of them: it only opened an .wmv movie file of American Gangsters and a music video in the mp4 format.  It refused to open a .mov file, despite what the program states.  Three hours and only 2 file formats.Video Copy and Convert--This software proposes to transfer/ copy from one source to another, from a dvd drive to another dvd drive or to a folder on the hard drive.  Or, from a folder on the hard drive to the dvd drive.  This time, this particular software recognized American Gangster, but was unable to recognize an mp4 file right next to it.Photoshow Express-- If there was one program that would well without a glitch it was Photoshow Express.  I was pleasantly surprised with this software.  If you're familiar with the Mac program iLife, this program is a cross between iPhoto and iMovie with a few cutsie special effects like the speech-balloon effect found in comic books.  It has 8 standard slide show varieties.Creator Classic--DVD burning software.  An mp4 file of my roommate's eviction doesn't show up in its directory.  That's okay, it just post it on YouTube!After more than six (6) hours of stressful testing.  I was going to consider giving the program 3 stars because some of the other software in this suite I hadn't tested, because quite frankly I probably won't use them.  But, the few that did interested me, only one out of the four worked without a glitch.In 2007, I bought the Mac equivalent, Toast 8 Titanium.  I had been accustomed to a stellar program that just worked, day in day out--year after year.  The program worked well, updates and all until sometime around the Spring of 2009 when the entire program stopped working.  I called Roxio and I was surprised to learn that they told me that they couldn't offer any other support and that I'd have to call Apple to find out why their product stopped working!  As strange as this sounds, I called Apple, only to hear that they have no control over someone else's software.  On my return call to Roxio, I was told that Toast 8 is a "Legacy" product and that they weren't providing any more support for it.  Wow!  Now I had a product that no longer worked barely 2 years after I bought it.*** From other customers, this is not an isolated incident with Roxio.  What this means is this:  IF you buy a Roxio/ Sonic Solution product you have only 2 years until the product is no longer serviceable.There are free alternatives that you may want to consider that work just as well as the suite and the only requirement on your part is perhaps a donation to the creators for the freeware--that they update quite frequently, I must say.Handbrake--Copies DVD and creates an mp4 copy of it.Audacity--(along with the add-on "Lame encoder")--allows you to edit audio files and turn them from a wave file into an mp3.Burn--burns photo, folders and music files like mp3/mp4, .mov and .avi on to a cd or dvd.**** I'm disappointed that so much went into creating this suite and it's brought to the market unstable with glitches galore.  This is not the kind of product that you'd expect from Roxio and especially from someone who gave the last product he bought from them 5-stars.Roxio Creator 2010--2 stars.
"Roxio Creator 2010" suffers from trying to be everything to everyone. The list of features on this software package are truly impressive, but that makes it even more frustrating when the majority of the special function applications just don't work correctly of cause your system to hang.My system is fairly powerful Compaq Laptop, Dual Core 2GHz with Vista (64-bit) and 4GB memory, which more than meets the basic requirements. I am normally able to get software to work, even when others have given up on it and given it poor reviews, but sadly that wasn't the case with Creator 2010. To be fair, the core functionality editing video and burning DVDs worked perfectly and had very easy and intuitive interfaces. Where the software failed was mostly in the video capture of on-line streams and with AVCHD from my HD camcorder. It also hung my computer while working with photos and music files.This package tries to cover too many areas and it falls seriously short in terms of usability and stability.Not Recommended.CFH
Well, the title pretty much sums up my opinion of this software. I first tried to install it on one of my test PCs (an older PC that I use to test out new software). It's a few years old, but not ancient - a dual core system running XP SP3 with 2GB RAM. It failed to install - just aborted midway with a error message that it was missing a module.Even though the test PC runs a lot of fairly advanced applications, I wanted to give Roxio the benefit of the doubt and blamed the aborted install on the PC rather than the software. So, tried it out on another PC (also an XP machine, but faster and 4GB RAM).This time it did install, albeit it was not what I would call speedy (about 20 min). But actually using the software to edit a pretty simple video proved almost impossible. Roxio kept crashing whenever I tried to do pretty simple tasks, such as opening the file or saving it. Very frustrating!I did update the software, but it had no improvement on operations. I also really didn't like the fact that I could not pick and choose which modules I wanted to load - this is an all or nothing type of installation.I'm giving it 2 stars mainly due to the overall screen design. Very nicely done. But, considering all the problems, I can't recommend this at all. I did not test it out on a Win 7 machine, so perhaps the problems I had were XP related.
After a couple weeks of use, I uninstalled this app. It kept freezing on me while burning DVDs. Never did figure out what was wrong. Maybe it'll work for you.
First, let me say that I had just built a new system with Win 7 Pro 64-bit. It's a mid-stream system, but it has 4 gig of RAM and should be fine for a product like this. I've used it on and off for several weeks and in all cases my Windows install is completely up-to-date.It installed with no problem and does *basic* stuff just fine, such as creating audio CD's and 'data' CD's and DVD's. However, it is dog slow, and when trying to do anything very involved, it crashes.How well does it do creating movies? I can't tell you, as I can't get to completion. Windows task manager doesn't indicate that it's pegging the CPU, nor does RAM seem to be a problem. I'd settle for it being slow, but failing makes it worthless.Have I tried tech support? No - I'm not willing to put myself through that.I should add that I've not had any problems with running Nero on an *identical* system, and given the price of Roxio, I'll stick with Nero.
Roxio Creator is in competition with Nero Burning ROM. I don't understand why both these suites have become so bloated with useless utilites that it takes half an hour for the program to install. Just like Nero, the core of this program is the disc burning utility. Though of course the program is trying to be a jack of all trades, by including video, sound, and photo editing utilities. I guess a HUGE advantage over Nero is the fact that this program doesn't require you to activate online. The Easy CD Creator program (renamed to Roxio Creator Classic) is included, but doesn't seem to have been updated much. It works fine, but it's still inferior to Nero (you can't overburn, for example).First impressions with the suite as a whole weren't good. The installation took 20-30 minutes. Meanwhile I downloaded Service Pack 1 from Roxio's website. After the program was installed, I tried to run it without installing the service pack. That made me experience something I don't experience very often: the computer froze (not just the program; the whole system). I have Windows 7 with 4Gbs of RAM, Radeon 4850 video card, and Phenom X2 CPU. I had to perform a force-reboot. After restarting Windows, I installed Service Pack 1. This time the program loaded without issues. Still, that initial crash left a bitter taste in my mouth. At least the patch proves that there is at least someone at Roxio trying to fix the program.The programs itself are mediocre. There is nothing here that you can't already get for free over the internet (same with Nero). I guess support is an advantage of buying this package (didn't try to contact them, so I don't know how good it is), though at over 80 dollars I consider it to be overpriced. Certain programs can be useful (like the the internet radio capture utility), but again you can find countless similar utilities over the web.Easy CD Creator is a nice utility and the only truly useful program in this suite, but I prefer Nero over it. I burned a bunch of DVDs and CDs, and they all came out fine. But I would like to see some more advanced options. If you are a Roxio person, there isn't much here that your current version can't handle. I guess upgrading to version 2010 will probably give you better BluRay capabilities.Here are a couple more issues:- When trying to capture audio from the internet (using the Internet Audio Capture utility) I could not get the left and right audio channels to be equal, even though the little sliders were on the same level. I played with them a little, but could never find the right position. I then tried to capture the same audio using Adobe Audition, and it worked perfectly without any tweaking. Which means both the audio source and my system sound settings were fine, and the problem resides within Roxio.- When I tried to install the update, it restarted the system without asking me. That's just bad.- When uninstalling the whole suite, the windows "explorer" process crashed. Causing me to restart the system manually. This was after installing Service Pack 2.
I am an avid casual photographer/videographer. I especially love editing my videos and sharing them with my family. I've used other Roxio products in the past and not been disappointed, though I've always felt there was a bit of a learning curve associated with using them. It's not something you can just jump into without doing a bit of reading, which is probably not the fault of the developer but more the fault of my impatience. ;) So, to start, installation was fairly straight-forward. I was able to install it, but it may have something to do with me being anti-Vista and still using Windows XP. Regardless, it did install and I was very pleased with that after all the horror stories I've read here. Though I was lucky enough to miss the installation issues, I was not fortunate enough to escape the fact that this program is a huge memory hog. As others have stated, it takes several minutes just to start and I'm not buying the "time for an upgrade" comment made on a review above. The system specs are clearly stated in the description and my system is far above these minimum requirements. I can run the newest video games on the market with max settings without a hitch, so forgive me for not accepting that my PC just can't handle it. That said, it has more features than any video editing fan could ever dream of. If only it were more user-friendly and didn't move at a snail's pace. I really wanted to like this newest Roxio addition, but until they fix some issues it's more frustration than anything else.
I installed Roxio Creator 2010 on a desktop running Windows 7 and an i7-920 Intel processor and 9 GB RAM. The video conversion application, called Video Convert 12, has frozen up on me several times, forcing me to close it through the Task Manager. Whenever I put a CD or DVD in the DVD/CD drive, part of the Roxio program starts up even though I don't want it to, and while I assume there's a way to prevent that, it's neither intuitive nor obvious, at least to me.When Video Convert 12 works, which is most of the time, it works well and is convenient for converting, say, MPEG 4 video shot on a Flip HD camcorder, to MPEG 2 or WMV. So I like that part of the program, except for the fact that it occasionally freezes.The video editor that comes with Roxio Creator 2010 is quite basic and does not compare to Premiere Elements 7 & 8 (the only versions I've used), or my favorite video editing program, Sony Vegas Movie Studio 9.Similarly, the photo editing program included with Creator 2010 is simplistic and does not compare with Elements 7 & 8. It's more comparable to the photo editing software that came with my Panasonic Lumix digital camera. It has more features than that editor, but many of the features in question strike me as being more glitter and fluff than genuinely useful.The DVD copying component of Creator 2010 works great for me, and I've had no problems with it at all, and no complaints about the time it takes to make copies. I only have one DVD drive on my computer, but this is not an issue when using Creator 2010's DVD copier, because it makes a temporary copy on the computer so you can remove the DVD to be copied and replace it with the blank DVD the copy will go onto.The sound recorder component doesn't work for me. When I record using a Blue Snowball microphone and the Creator 2010 audio recorder, there is always a clicking sound on the soundtrack that I cannot account for. This sound does not show up when I record using the free Audible recording software, or Sony's Sound Forge Audio Studio.I've also had a problem when using Roxio Creator 2010 to play MP3 recordings on my computer. I can start to play something, but I can't stop it without forcing the program to stop.I used the aforementioned components of Roxio Creator 2010 multiple times over a period of several months before writing this review and deciding that I could not in good faith rank it higher than 2 stars. I was aware that it had received many negative reviews when I installed it on my computer, and I tried to not let them influence my opinion of the software. While I think the program has some good features, which I intend to continue to utilize, primarily the DVD copier and the video converter, the problematic aspects that I've experienced on the computer in question outweigh the positives, and I cannot recommend this software bundle.
Installed on a Win 7 computer and after many hours of troubleshooting finally got working.  The software needs to be updated with a patch from Roxio.  This software just doesn't seem as user friendly or refined as Nero 9.  It must of took at least 30 minutes to install because it is apparently bloatware.  Not recommended at all unless you enjoy troubleshooting software.  From past experience I am always leery of putting a Roxio product on a Windows installation.  It seems to have a tendency to break other programs or Windows functions.  It is not unusual for a Windows update to break the program.
Roxio Creator Suite worked OK on my rig for what I needed to do. That is until I loaded some other program and they crashed. After removing Roxio, my machine had no problems.I am running Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit, and my machine is pretty high powered. I did not think that I would need to remove the program, but it interferes with other processes and causes conflicts. I don't think I would recommend this software.
I have never purchased a Roxio product before - my only experience with them is with free bundles that have some with cameras. Those "light"/free versions (by Roxio & others) performed better than this.Nonetheless, I was anxious to review this product because of the HUGE laundry list of functions available. That said, I have two primary comments on this software:First, if you're going to get it, go ahead and spring for the Roxio Creator 2011. I have not tried the 2011, and don't have any reason to believe it would perform better than the 2010. However, they are about the same price (new versions available for around $40).Second, however, I would warn you that for me, my biggest investment concern is usually TIME, not money. $40 is not a huge investment in my book, but I really don't have several hours to pour into installation & initial learning curve to use a program.That was my hangup here. I had some install problems, and then some initial issues doing the functions I wanted. After wasting about a half hour digging through the 200+ page manual, I consulted Amazon and some other discussion boards, to discover two things: these issues are common, and tech support costs $1.89 a minute to call, minimum 15 minutes. I should add that I'm a complete novice when it comes to video/multimedia editing.I'm not a guy who usually calls tech support - I usually tinker, or call an IT staff person, to help. However in this case the reward didn't seem worth the time investment, and charging for tech support is personally insulting to me, so I gave up on it.
I have just about had it.  I have had version of Creator for many years.  Each version having a major issue, that might be corrected with updates or patches, but by the time you get the thing working in any form, there is a new version.  And upgrading and uninstalling is just a nightmare.  I had to format a hard drive a couple years ago installing this.  I blamed it on the computer, but there is never an easy installation with this series.  Your registry is pretty much riddled with errors galore as "uninstall" never uninstalls everything.  There are plenty of features that sound appealing, but I am not dealing with the freezing, lagging and system resources being weigh down with a bloated mess.  I had it running, but this is not for me. It's time for Corel to buy out this company and call it a day.  RIP.
The last few versions of both Roxio and Nero have continued to give me less than satisfying results.  Roxio Creator 2010 is no different.  In attempt to make their software more appealing they continue to load it up with extra features like creating slideshows, calendars, etc.  While all of the "extras" that these companies include sound appealing for many users, the majority of folks just want a simple process to burn CDs and DVDs.  Once you get around the tons of extra modules they load on, you would at least expect a decent working burning program.  I've used this with internal and external drives that burn perfectly 99% of the time, yet with Roxio Creator they fail.
I almost has an aneurysm trying to compress a video so that it would play on my DroidX.  Just when it looked like it was going to work it would fail for some unknown reason.  Sure it can read and write to DVD-Rs and do some lite video editing but so can Win7.  I was hoping for something a little bit extra over and above what already comes with Windows.
Roxio use to be the top dog when it came to burning software.  They have followed the path of many other companies in this area by creating a suite of products.  Unfortunately this is where I believe Roxio has failed their loyal supporters.  I understand the need to stand out because of all the free options available now.  I believe Roxio had rushed the product to the market and maybe they will have future updates to correct the slow performance and lock ups.I have a i3 core laptop with 4gb RAM and Windows 7 64bit, which has more than enough power.  The interface was designed to make the product easy to use.  I believe Roxio to a good job in this aspect.  If you are just burning data from your computer, Roxio creator will do the job but of course one would be buying the creator suite slideshow and dvd movies of your home movies. This is where patience is need because if the program does not freeze you will be able to create a video.  However, I would expect good performance most of the time but that not happening.I would not recommend this to friends and family
If you are looking for a good software to burn discs with as backup, do not look at this product. I got this with the hope that it would be like previous Roxios where it was very simple to burn multiple copies of a disc.The setup itself was very easy but this software, once opened, lags tremendously as you try to choose the function that you want to use. I tried to copy a few of my DVDs that I own and it will not write it since it was copy protected. Fine, but that leaves very few discs that you are able to copy so do not look to this for making a backup of your copy-protected discs.Secondly, I tried to use some of the options to convert video and that just does not work. I have had multiple times as I am trying to convert a video and then the software will actually freeze and I have to "end task" it. To me, that's just counterproductive. I wasted my time with it and now, it just mainly sits on my desktop.The only real reedeming factor for me is that it is very easy to create a photo slideshow with this program. I used it multiple times to create photo slideshows with music and then burn it to DVD. That worked great for me and you can even write text on the pictures as it is playing and easy to put it onto a DVD.Overall, this is a product best suited for use of editing and creating videos but do not expect it to do any more than that. Most of the features outside of that do not seem to work properly, such as converting a video from one format to another or copying DVDs as backup. It would have been a great product if all of the features that come up actually work as it should or work in general.
When reviewing software, it can take a long time to get to the nitty gritty and figure out if the software works as advertised, runs smoothly or has some other issues that need to be addressed. My biggest issue with Roxio Creator 2010 is in an effort to be "easy" the product has become a rather invasive performance hog that is anything but. Let me explain.The first thing I noticed, and maybe for the average user this is not an issue, is that this suite pretty much has no installation options. You pick your drive and just go for it. There is no ability to choose which components you are interested in and which you are not. This is very unfortunate if you are using suite for say a few of the utilities and not all of them. There is certainly no excuse for it. After installation I had to restart my system.  A note to Roxio, if you want the average user to install your program, click a couple of buttons and be done, fine that is what the "complete" installation is for. For the rest of us, it is ridiculous that you don't even try to accommodate users who are particular with what is installed and when these programs startup. End of my rant, on to the product review.Video EditingI hated this portion of the suite. It's clunky and slow, had trouble converting some of my programs for reasons unknown. I was trying to pull them off an external drive which shouldn't be an issue in this case. Pinnacle(14) does such a better job. I am no expert mind you with Pinnacle; I just found the process to be a much better experience with Pinnacle than this error prone suite.  The performance was just terrible, and before I get a lot of people trying to tell me it's my build; no it's not my build. This is a custom built machine, as in I built it myself primarily with gaming in mind. It runs Windows 7 64-bit and is well beyond the recommended specs listed by Roxio. If the question is can this video editing software get the job done, the answer is... maybe, if it can convert your original video properly ( a hit or miss process for me) and even when it did I found the experience so unpleasant I wound up abandoning the project.Photo EditingThere was nothing that stood out here. The editing was simplistic and not at all robust. The user interface is at least friendly enough, but just didn't offer enough over say Windows' built in features to make me excited. The projects were even worse. There are fewer than 15 birthday card projects, for example, with 90% of them appropriate for children and no one else. The artwork of these is simplistic and unattractive. It's hard to believe that these projects are part of a paid suite. You can find similar templates in other suites like office suites that have more life to them than these do. It might require a little more dinking around in say Word to get them to work, but I was really blown away with how bad these projects are. Yes, there are some that look like quality design and if your requirements are basic enough... some could work for you.Burning SoftwareThis is the one piece of the software I really don't need. The software I already have for blank discs, including Windows built in utility, is plenty although I like playing around with new utilities to give it a go.  The label creator is as basic as the photo editing projects, too simple and too few to be part of a paid package really. Fortunately, there is a way to create your own but I found the interface for this to be clunky and counter intuitive. It kind of reminded me of using Paint with a CD background that at least showed you parts of your images, for example, that were outside of the label but didn't really offer any assistance in getting it where you actually wanted it real well. You could do free style mouse dragging for this or click on a static box for an image.Now as far as utilities go, the burning software was probably the most competent of the suite but least necessary.  The native utility in later Windows versions does a pretty good job and there are a lot of alternatives that are not part of a more expensive suite. Still, this worked well for me even if I found the Roxio Burn portion unnecessary for my build. Roxio burn lets you drag and drop files from your desktop, but I am a user who rarely puts anything on my desktop outside of icons so this was not handy at all and also one of the components I wish I could just remove.OverallThe problem with this suite is that the utilities are, for the most part, okay as in better than nothing but nothing in the suite aside from the burning software, actually stands out and does anything exceptionally well. To add insult to injury, this version likes to advertise for other Roxio products like the BackOnTrack suite which offers actual backup utility as opposed to this suite which only backs up things like pictures, music and photos on a regular basis for you (not the entire system). Is this the worst suite you could buy, probably not? It might even suffice for someone with very basic needs. The problem is, I found the video editing portion so poor in comparison to something from Pinnacle that I can't recommend it for use and the video editing is one of the primary reasons to select this suite over others (well supposed to be).I should mention I've had this suite for just over a month now, so I took a fair amount of time toying around with it, trying to break it sort of thing which, sadly, was easy to do even when I was not trying to break it.
I have used many different brands of malware detection in the past, but BitDefender was new to me, so it was with great interest that I undertook a review of BitDefender Antivirus 2010.  After spending a lot of time trying different scenarios, I'm left to conclude that this is, in the immortal words of Monty Python, a product "good for laying down and avoiding."My first install was on a Windows 7 x64 system that was behind a corporate firewall such that a proxy server is needed to access the Internet.  I inserted the CD and the first thing that greeted me was a warning from Windows that the autorun.exe was not digitally signed, so its origin could not be trusted. Oops.  How much effort would it have been to sign the autorun so that the first impression a user receives is a good one?The installer detected that I was on an English system and asked me to confirm that. Then it notified me that a newer version was available and would I like to download it?  I said yes, and it downloaded the new installer without issue. Next it asked me to enter the serial number, or select a trial period.  I entered the serial number and it was accepted. Gripe - the serial number is a very long hexadecimal string shown without spaces or dashes, so it's easy to make a mistake entering it.  Next is a registration screen, and here is where I ran into trouble.  Registration is required within 15 days so this was not a step I could skip.  I did not already have a BitDefender account, so I entered my email address and a password and clicked the Register button.  After about 30 seconds it gave me an error saying that I wasn't connected to the Internet.  Didn't it just, moments before, connect to the Internet to download the update?  I told it I would register later.The install then proceeded without issue, and the usual reboot was required.  After reboot, I noticed that Windows Security Center complained that I did not have an antivirus or antimalware program installed.  BitDefender then asked if I wanted to check for signature updates.  I said yes, and it sat there with the progress bar at zero for more than 20 minutes.  I figured that perhaps I needed to configure the proxy server, but I could not get to the settings screen until the update succeeded!  After a couple of tries of uninstall and reinstall I decided to leave it on the update screen and go to lunch.  When I got back, it was in the middle of downloading some 56MB of updates - very slowly.  It eventually finished this and then ran a "quick scan" which did not seem all that quick to me (15 minutes on this system.)  When I completed this, then Windows decided that I did have an antivirus program installed after all, but for antimalware Bitdefender was reporting it was out of date.  There is no separate update for antimalware, but I told Windows to "Fix now" and a minute or two later it was happy.Now I could get into the settings screen where the proxy server could be configured, but it was already set properly, having derived the information from MSIE.  When I tried updating again, it took over 20 minutes for it to decide I was already up to date.Now that the software was (mostly) installed, I tried to resolve the registration issue. I could not register through the user interface on the PC, still getting the "not connected" error.  I decided to see if I could create an account on the BitDefender web site and then say I was using an existing account.  After running in circles through the support web site, I did manage to find a page that claimed to let me create an account, but when I tried to do so, I got a cryptic "db Error" message.I then explored the user interface. I applaud BitDefender for adding context-sensitive help for everything, so that when you roll the mouse over an item, a brief explanation shows up in a pane, but they took this a bit too far.  It took me a while to understand that when the explanation said "click here", it didn't mean that literally - it meant click the thing I had rolled over.  For example, roll over the Close button and text, on the other side of the UI, says "click here to close the window".One of the big claims of this version of BitDefender is fast reboot times.  Many antimalware programs slow down boots by quite a bit as they set themselves up.  Here, I can verify the claim.  On this particular system, a boot with Avira Personal Free took 54 seconds until the login window appeared.  With no antivirus installed, the boot time was 20 seconds, and with BitDefender, 29 seconds.  On the downside, after you do log in, Windows Security Center again claims that there is no antivirus installed for perhaps a couple of minutes while everything else initializes.  I'm not sure this is really an improvement.I then tested on a second system, one running Windows Vista 32-bit.  This one was not behind a proxy server and I did not have issues with registration, but I had exactly the same excruciatingly slow download of the signature update (which seems perhaps larger than the product itself?)  I also had the same issues as before with Windows Security Center not recognizing BitDefender's presence. On this system, the installer complained that I had other antimalware installed and would I like to remove it?  The window displayed five "Remove" buttons with blank spaces to their left where the names of the supposedly-installed products should have been. Thankfully, an "ignore this" option was available and I took it.Another claim of this version is "lightning-fast" scans, so I tested that.  Again, comparing against Avira Personal Free, scan of the system disk took 42 minutes in Avira and 89 minutes in BitDefender.  Oops.  (Avira was uninstalled before installing BitDefender.)One somewhat unusual feature of BitDefender 2010 is that it looks to see if you have "vulnerability" issues on the PC and offers pointers to resolving them.  It correctly noted that I had an old version of Firefox and of Adobe Reader - but when I clicked through to resolve those issues, installing the latest versions, it still told me they were out of date.  It wasn't until I clicked a "More info" button that it decided I was OK after all. Well, mostly.  It insisted that the latest version of Adobe reader was 9.1.13, but the latest on Adobe's site is 9.1.10.  This feature also told me that there were some important Windows Updates pending, which is fine.  But it also complained that there were optional updates, such as the Hungarian language pack, not installed. It also griped that I did not have "Microsoft Update" enabled for additional MS products, even though I had no such products installed. After some digging, I found the option to selectively disable some of these checks.Do I have anything good to say about BitDefender Antivirus 2010?  Well, the packaging claims that it is ideal for netbooks, and it comes in a version on a USB flash key, since most netbooks lack an optical drive, but that wasn't the version I had.  However, the CD installer has an option to copy the install onto a USB key, so that's handy.I was not able to test how effective BitDefender Antivirus was at actually catching malware.  Despite the name, the product also includes antimalware detection for spyware and the like, and adds antiphishing support to popular web browsers.Lastly, I suppose I should mention that I tried contacting the company through an email address provided to Amazon Vine reviewers.  I outlined the issues I had encountered and asked for comments and help.  It is now two weeks later and I have had no reply.  I did not try the regular support channel.In summary, I would say that BitDefender 2010 Antivirus is difficult to use, slow and poorly integrated into Windows. It is probably an adequate antivirus solution, if you compare it to free products for personal use such as Avira, Avast and AVG (though AVG has had too many issues with false positives for me to recommend it.)  For "pay" products, I highly recommendNorton Antivirus 2010 1-User/3PCif you want a product without a firewall, orNorton Internet Security 2010 1-User/3PCfor a product with a firewall.  Norton Internet Security is what I run on my "critical" PCs and the 2010 version, in particular, is fast, lightweight, easy to install and a pleasure to use. If you're going to pay for an antimalware product, at least get a good one for your money.  In my opinion, BitDefender Antivirus 2010 doesn't qualify.
I installed this on two computers used by multiple users with no clue about what AV even does.  I needed them both to be "safe" from viris attacks, yet not requiring much input from users.  This works perfectly--no questions to confuse or misinterpret.  It doesn't appear to slow down either machine as well, which one uses Vista Home Premium, while the others is XP Media Edition.I've used it for about a month, so far no complaints at all.  I've not received any frantic "what-I-do-now" calls either.On the second month, my entire opinion changed.  The program frequently shuts itself off, crashes, or otherwise is not functioning.  It requires daily checking by someone just to make sure its ON at all, let alone functioning. Since neither primary users of these computers is really computer savvy, when the programs crash, they have no idea that they are now wandering the entire world vulnerable to anything.  Its irritating, and no matter how many times I have tried to figure out what on earth is going on, it remains a mystery.  It crashes on both Vista and XP.  I now regard it as one of the more annoying AV programs I have ever used.  Even so, either these users are amazingly lucky or its apparently working--there have been no virus infections.Would I recommend it to a friend?  No, I'm not liking the program myself
I switched from McAfee Internet Security to this product. For the price, and covering 3 PCs for 2 years, one would think that would be a great deal. On the surface it is.The initial instalation was easy, as is the case with most software now-a-days, put the disc in, click install and bam. All done. The actual interface looks nice as well. It's not cluttered, simple options not too much to mess up there.However, since I have put this on my computer I have had many problems. Mostly with Internet Explorer and Microsoft Office email. While using IE I have ecperienced many page hangs, some to the point of needing to completely close IE and having to restart it several times before it goes to a page. Actual page loading seems to be taking a considerably longer time as well. To the point where it feels like I am back on a dial-up connection.In regards to Microsoft Office email, when I click the send/receive button there are times when I get the little error message icon at the bottom saying unable to connect. This also necesatates the need to close the program and restart it in order to get it to work.The easy explanation is to blame the router/modem but another computer I have on the exact same set up (without BitDefender) doesn't have these issues, and I have no problems playing games on Xbox Live. I did not have these problems before istalling this program so I am left to conclude it has something to do with the program.I have tried emailing custorer service and have received no response. So, while they do say that it's free 24/7 customer service, it doesn't really matter if they don't respond.So, while this may be a decent price and have good coverage options and a nice look to it. I am left more often than not being completely frustrated by this program and it's ability to kill my computer on a moments notice.
In some respects, I really wish that what Bitdefender claimed for itself was true.The mishmash that you see (providing that you make it through installation and activation as well as registration... Wait, isn't registrationand activation something you can bring together ??), is basically something you might get if you combined a set offocus groups.The instal looks so very generic and almost like most internet install sites. The Management screen isgood, its easy use to use with Anti-virus, Rescue CD and USB, Encryption vaults for files that you want to preventbeing deleted. However the interface looked good when Norton used it, and McAfeee are currently using a personalvault for file security. Hard to tell what comes from where.BITDEFENDER claims that the Antivirus control is new and  scanning is improved;The intrusion detection is sorudimentary that it is not clear that the aim is to stop the children from hacking or from stopping the identitythieves from keylogging themselves to riches. With the profiles, it is clear that this is aimed at the kids, bothfrom protecting them from accessing the wrong things on the net, and from making sure that they don't have theirinternet time compromised by lurkers.From the rumours I have heard, BIT-DEFENDER is supposed to be up for use on corporate PCs; Well, they better spendthe next 8 months brushing up their product so it gets some edge to it. About the only thing I can see that mightstay is the encrypted IM .Overall, Bit-defender is delusional if they think they are a serious contender in the PC security market ( such abroad world now a days), but several other pay for people have it covered and some freebie companies are doing verywell in their niche.
After trying out this program with its update I would hate to have tried it before the so called update. The install went nice and smooth, no stalls, and didn't take all that long considering the amount of memory used up on the hard drive. It took a while but I finally got the latest update to download and install without many problems. But after that,,,.It used close to 4.5 GB of the hard drive to install and the task manager shows close to .5 GB of memory and 30% to 50% of the processor just to open it.  I have a Dell Studio 1735 that's only one year old and has been a very nice laptop. It may not be a hotrod or the fastest one around but its close to the top. Any who, its now "slower than a seven year itch", as my mom would've said. And I mean everything has slowed way down. It now takes about 3 times as long just to boot up. The Internet Explorer and the Widows Live Mail keep stalling along with almost everything else.As for the program itself, I'm very disappointed in it. The Premiere Elements has been slow to load and uses a ton of RAM. Just to look at a couple of short video clips of a lightning storm, less than a minute, took over a GB of RAM. It might have a lot of different functions and tricks but its so slow it takes all day to do anything with it.The Photo Elements isn't much better. It too is slow and takes a lot of resources to run. Even just doing basic photo adjustments are difficult. The Auto fix doesn't seem to do much to the pictures that I tried it on either. It may be able to do a lot if you have the time to learn its tricks, and the time to wait for it to do them. There are other photo programs that work a lot better, easier to use, and takes up less memory and resources. And ones that don't cost near as much as this one does.Or to put it another way. If I was only able to have 1 photo and video program on my computer, it would not be this one. This one doesn't do anything that would make it stand out or to make it worth recommending.
8-16-10 update.  The more I use this program, the less I like it.  I just ripped an entire HDV tape (60 minutes) and the auto-analyze step ran for over FOUR HOURS and still wasn't anywhere near complete.  I finally threw in the towel and canceled it after my computer got hot enough to fry an egg on it.  So, if I rip 1080p video, I have to wait an hour for real time rip, then wait another 4-5 hrs for it to auto-analyze, then add in my editing time, then wait another couple hours to render and burn??? Um, no thank you.  I'm not willing to invest a minimum of twelve hours on every hour-long HD video I wish to create.  You can disable auto-analyzer, but that eliminates the smart tagging feature.  If I need to disable features to make the program acceptable, what good are they?  I also noticed that if HDV clips are very large, I encounter a lot of the same issues that I encountered with ACVHD captured video: stuttering, delays, messed up sync...  As for the Photoshop portion, I ran into several glitches trying to piece together a quick collage last night.  I finally gave up and used another program to create my collage.  I'd have to honestly say, at this point, I don't really like Elements 8 much...5-4-10 update.  Well, I made the switch to a better pc and can say that the claims from disgruntled Nvidia users are totally justified. How do you go from a ho-hum system to a powerhouse system with ridiculously better specs yet lose performance???  You're telling me a six-year-old ATI card can handle HD clips better than the latest pro card from Nvidia?  I followed Adobe's instructions to the letter.  Upgraded my video drivers, upgraded the program, even killed resident virus protection and other background processes.  Premier was rendered barely usable on the new system.  Photoshop didn't diminish in performance but it didn't improve either.  If you have an Nvidia card, I would suggest staying away for now.I was a initially a little reluctant about using this program after reading about all the issues experienced by other users.  To be on the safe side, I decided to install it on a seldom used spare laptop instead of my primary PC. The system has a 2.2Ghz Intel dual-core CPU, 2GB of RAM, and an ATI X1600 graphics card with 512MB of dedicated memory.  Operating system is Windows 7 Pro 64-bit.  Before installing, I verified that I had the latest video drivers installed.  I also downloaded and installed all patches/updates prior to using the program.  I have an ATI graphics card, so none of the issues with Nvidia cards were applicable to me.  Installation took 13 minutes.  Each program is on a separate disk and installs individually.Both programs launch without too much delay.  Although I'm not a huge fan of the welcome screen, I see where it can be helpful at times. Adobe uses it to deliver important program notices and alerts in addition to other content.  In Premier, capture works fine and I have no problems capturing footage from DV, HDV, or AVCHD. I don't know if it's a glitch or by design, but my DV and HDV cameras continue to play even after I click the stop capture button.  The actual capture is real-time, but the video analysis process after capture is pretty time consuming, taking in excess of 20 minutes on average, even if you only capture a few minutes of video.  Navigating between the different menus is easy and intuitive.  I find Premier Elements simpler and more straight-forward than the competition.  The interface is very minimal, in a good way.  All of your most important tools are right there and easy to find. Even features like adjusting the size of the time line were simple to find without guidance.  The default installation installs teaser media content that requires an upgrade to Adobe Plus, at additional cost.  There are a decent number of effects and transitions included in the app but you have to first install the additional content separately from disk. Premier contains many creative features and templates that give you the ability to create instant movies and customize your footage easily with special effects like animations and superimposing.  If you prefer straight editing without all the fluff, there are a good amount of transitions, titles, and effects available to give your production a more professionally polished look and feel.  Editing with DV and HDV is usually pretty smooth.  I can manipulate video, effects, and preview in my current work without too many issues, even with my limited RAM.  AVCHD content is a struggle.  There is an overall sluggishness and commands are a lot less responsive.  I experience crashes more frequently than with DV format and on one occasion, I lost all of my work in progress. Although editing performance differs between DV and AVCHD, encoding times are consistently good for all formats.  Output quality is excellent.  There are several cross-platform media formats that you can export to: PC, MAC, DVD, Blu-ray, Youtube, even 3gp for cell phones .  So far, I'm very satisfied with the end results.  I realize that although my amount of RAM meets Adobe's minimum specs, even for AVCHD, realistically, you should really work with at least 4GB of RAM when video editing, especially with AVCHD.  Despite my few problems, I actually think Premier performed pretty well given the limited RAM and processor on the PC used.As far as Photoshop, I use Photoshop CS4 but this version is much more user-friendly, especially for those new to Photoshop.  The biggest differences between the two programs, besides the absence of some of the more pro-oriented tools and panels of CS, are the interface, the inclusion of automated tasks, and the help system.  The interface is more colorful and less daunting than CS.  The usual Photoshop tools are present but there is also a toolbar for quick access to editing, creative projects, organizing, and sharing.  The create tab link to templates for collages, slide shows, photo books, greeting cards, and other projects.  The collage feature was easy to use and allows me to quickly create nice collages with custom individual frames for each picture and custom backgrounds.  The slide show feature gave me some issues the few times that I tried to use it.  Creating a slide show was even slower and more difficult than editing AVCHD in Premier.  There were so many cool effects I wanted to add, but the program moved like it was mired in molasses.  It kept freezing, locking up, and just moved very slowly.  When I finally exported the finished slide show, there was a lot of choppiness in the video segments.  The picture segments were perfectly fine.  I'm not sure if this can also be attributed to my RAM. In any event, it's a bummer because the slide show is one of my favorite features in PSE8.  Despite my disappointment with the slide show, the rest of Photoshop Elements is simply excellent.  You can also still use the default Photoshop editing tools, which include some of the same features found in its big brother, CS4.  If you take the time to learn the basics of Photoshop and working with layers, you'll have a lot of the same creative flexibility of the much more expensive CS4.Both programs have several very helpful tutorials within the program and additional online tutorials/resources available from the Help link.  Adobe's web site has even more tutorials, tips, and helpful forums.  Assistance and guided steps are available for most projects. Even those who have never touched Photoshop or Premier before will find it relatively easy create nice projects within minutes of opening either program.Photoshop/Premier Elements 8 is actually a decent bundle.  I expected the worst but didn't encounter anything not observed in other video editors.  Although both applications had a few hiccups on this particular system, they still performed well, despite the limited resources.  It performed well enough to give me the confidence to switch it to my much better primary system which has quad core i7, 6GB of RAM, and a high-end 1GB NVIDIA Pro card (uh-oh, fingers crossed).  After I switch the application to the better PC, I'll update my review to let everyone know how I make out, good or bad.  But for now, the experience has been pretty good so far.
So far, I've only used Photoshop Elements, not Premier Elements.  I have this installed on a quad processor PC running Vista x32.  I love the feature set of this program.  It has as very powerful set of photo editing features, including some important and obvious ones that many other programs just leave out (like being able to crop a photo to 16:9 ratio for display on my flatscreen tv).  The photo organization tools are fantastic as well, primarily the ability to tag and categorize tags, including people, places, events, etc.  But, honestly, the slowness of this software makes is almost unusable for managing your full photo collection.  I would definitely suggest downloading the free trial first, importing your photos, and seeing if you can handle the performance.  Another key problem I found ... there does not seem to be any way to export projects from one installation of this program to another.  For example, I have it installed on my laptop, and also on a desktop.  While it is possible to copy the entire installation from one machine to the other (if you wanted to change machines permanently), I could not find any way to move a photo project from one machine to the other.  So, beware, if you are planning on doing big projects like slide shows, etc.  (which I do a lot), there is no way to ever get your work out of the program.  (For the slideshows in particular, you can export the slideshow as a movie, etc ... you just can't export the Photoshop Elements project itself, so there is no way to ever edit the slide show again outside the original computer it was created on.)
I had a simple task-take a 40mb mpg file (40 minutes long), and break it up into 4 pieces to put on YouTube.  Nothing else...no fades, no titles, no effects...just divide up the damn file into 4 pieces.  Adobe Premier failed at this task; apparently a 2.6ghz machine is too slow for the software.
It just doesn't work. I tried this out on my older desktop running Windows XP, 32 bit system with 3 gigs of RAM. It would crash whenever I would even begin working on editing videos. Next I loaded Elements 8 onto my new laptop. On my laptop running Vista, 64 bit system and 6 Gigs of RAM, I could get as far as saving a project before it would lock-up and eventually crash. I am using a NVIDIA card in my laptop and have done all recommended driver updates that Adobe has mentioned.While there was another reviewer who mentions having immensity tricked out home built computer and that they have no problem running this software on it, it would seem that Adobe should make this so at least MOST new computers would be compatible with it. If my brand new $2K gaming laptop doesn't have the components to run this without crashing all the time, it would seem they may be expecting a bit much for the home user.
The first time I started it, it crashed.The next try was successful. How to start? Looked for my video files. Then waited a while for them to show up in the media window. OK, well, maybe that's par for the courses for video editors, right? Dragged a couple of clips into the project, that went OK. But initial playback was jerky and low-res, although I have a capable Dell Precision M4400.I've used other video editors, and this one looks nice. But it's not intuitive. For example, to set edit points, you click on the playback timeline, and move the start/end sliders around. But once you've moved the starting point, how do you unmove it or move it back? Sometimes it seems to happen by chance, mostly it doesn't, stuck against the edge of the timeline. I'm stumped. Right-click on the slider and select Delete, and the clip disappears instead.Playback gets often gets jerky after you try to insert something, such as a transition. You right-click on the transition icon between clips, select an effect, and ... and what? I don't see anything happen. I don't see anywhere in the timelines that shows me where they are.No, wait, I tried it between the next clips, and the transition block icon changes. Yes, it works! There's a tiny, shimmering line during playback to show where it is, but ... how to edit it otherwise? But now when I go back to the first transition, I can now insert a transition. Huh. Still doesn't show up in the icon, but it's there on playback. And I can't change it to something else, either - changes roll off like water on a duck's back. The first transition icon remains an inscrutable blank.I've never been able to open a recent project from the starting dialog. You select a project, and it mumbles along for more than two minutes. Finally, Premiere opens ... blank. You have to open the project yourself. Come on, guys.It seems to be a powerful program with lots of features. If only it worked consistently and intuitively. I've used other editing software - without having to read the manuals - and this is the most puzzling and frustrating experience of all. Hasn't crashed since the first few times, though - maybe it's learning? I give it two stars, because once you've figured out its apparently arcane workings, you could probably do neat stuff with it, such as greenscreen effects. But I suspect most will simply give up, as I'm doing.
I saw the other bad reviews and thought, well, I am only needing Adobe Premiere Elements 8 for home use, not pro use.  I use a Flip camera more than anything, so it was just a chance to make a more fancy edit. The material loaded well, the editing controls were fairly simple, but the playback in edit often froze when cuts were really close together. I often had to drag the playback bar over quick edits again and again to see if they worked.  Well, that's just the thumbnail. Once I render it, that issue should be resolved - right?OMG - what a mess. The "final" image was so pixelated and choppy it made me fume with anger.  How could the playback in edit mode actually be higher quality than the finalized version.  What a let down. It really burns your britches when you spend all that time to make a decent edit only to have the final product be total crapola!Fact is, the cheap editing system inside the flip phone made a better final product that the $90 adobe premiere elements 8 did. Sad, sad, sad.
Agree with the lower reviews here.Pros -Supports FULL HD BurningAllows AVCHD editing processingSomewhat intuitive UICons-Resource Hog - eats up way too much processor and memory - Better have a top of the line machine to run this smoothlyCannot burn to AVCHDPoor DVD burning Quality1.5 out of 5 starsCould easily be 3.5 stars if you have powerful hardware
I really wanted to like this software, but I must say that I was let down... While this is the newest version of Adobe Premiere Elements 8 it has some MAJOR design FLAWS with it's software development... This program will continually freeze and crash on my new 2009 2.66 Quad-core computer system. I would Highly suggest anyone serious about Window based video editing to look into Sony's Vegas 9.0 Pro software. It has never crashed on me with my new computer setup and has proved reliable in past editing sessions... OR before buying it at least go to the Adobe web site & give the trial download a go first. From what I see on the Adobe forums  for this software there are some easy fixes DEPENDING on what is causing your issue, OR it's a complex maze of directions that MAY or MAY NOT work for YOUR computer...........Caveat emptor ......"Let the buyer beware".
Adobe, what happened?  That is what I'd like to ask them directly.  Adobe Premiere Elements 8 hold such promise, yet the technical frustrations of getting it to actually work take away whatever promise the product holds.  My one week experiment with using the product led me down a road filled with driver issues, product weirdness and generally system instability.I installed the product onto a copy of windows 7 Home Premium -- in a sandbox environment.  In other words, I did not install it on my main machine.  It was a very clean install with only one other program -- Microsoft's anti-virus -- installed.  The problems cropped up as soon as the install was finished.  I started having video issues, the program would hang and when it did run it was slower than a 300baud modem trying to download a 2.1GB ISO file.  Frustrating would be a nice word to use.A quick search online led me to numerous others complaining of the same problems.  The culprit appeared to be a video driver that was included with the program that doesn't play nice on modern systems.  Going over pages and pages of detailed I followed numerous instructions to try and resolve the problem.  In the end I did get it to behave in a near-normal state, but not without investing a lot of time and energy in doing so.  I had to ask myself why someone who bought this program off the shelf should have to go through this amount of trial and error to get it to work right?  Didn't anyone at Adobe bother to test this before release?The bottom line is this -- if you have an earlier version of Adobe Premiere Elements stick with it.  If you are looking at making a new purchase look elsewhere - or be prepared to go through a lot of work to get it to work right, especially if you are running on Windows 7.  It's got a lot of nice features, but it's an adventure through a long, dark forest to find and use them!
I installed Adobe Premiere Elements 8 on my computer running Windows 7 OS and after installing it I wasn't able to get it to run.  I tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it to no avail!  I have spent the last 5 days working with HP and Microsoft to get it uninstalled off my computer.  I had 2 technical engineers from Microsoft taking over my computer remotely to try and uninstall it. Both Techincal engineers noticed that when putting the DVD back into the disc drive that it installs as Premiere Elements 7 and not 8.  Finally, the one technician had to type in "old" and go through a back door to uninstall it.  All my other software programs work just fine with Windows 7.  I won't be installing it back on my computer so I can't give a good review on the product.  Be aware that if you try to install it on Windows 7 it may or may not work.
I got this software for my wife so she could do a little video editing on her computer.  It isn't rock solid by any stretch of the definition, but I haven't had all the issues that many of the other reviewers have had.  I do find it annoying that you have to install a bunch of updates in order to get it to work, though.As I'm writing this review, I see that there is a newer version out (Adobe Premiere Elements 9 (Win/Mac)).  That being the case, I don't see any reason to get version 8.  I don't know if 9 is more stable or not, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was.Even if this was the latest version, I preferPinnacle Studio Ultimate Collection V14.  It's only a little bit more money and I really like its feature set as well as its interface, not to mention that it appears to be more stable.Bottom line: I'd recommend looking elsewhere...
This is a slick program with a basic set of automated features (red eye correction, teeth whitening), global conversions (b/w, sepia), and puppies (see below) that can send your pictures to a few popular social sites.If you are interested in making only simple, yet for the most part essential changes to your pictures and are working with only a few images then please skip to the last paragraph of this review.  For me, the emphasis on a "slick" interface was not worth the loss of functionality, control, or speed.  For example, there is no way to resize or sharpen an image.  (Please read through the comments to this review for a more detailed discussion on these functions.)  You can forget about changing white balance/color cast, color space or printer profiles.When comparing equivalent featuresACDSee Photo Manager 2009everything I tried took much longer in PaintShop.  Also, in comparison to the ACDSee product, you have far fewer options for organizing and viewing and the editing capabilities are no where near as complete.  However, one thing PaintShop Photo did offer was a stamp that dropped little pictures of puppies all over your image.  While that was interesting I think it would get real old, real quick.The picture management capabilities are also lacking.  You can assign tags and ratings but the search/sort/group features are all but non-existent.  For example, you can assign a tag to a bunch of pictures and display just those.  However, there is no way to then assign an additional tag to the group of imaged displayed.  Also, the only way to display images in as a bunch of thumbnails.  This is good for more than a few hundred pibtures.Even knowing these limitations I wanted this program to work well; it did not.  It just took too long to do the little that it does... do.  Also, it requires a minimum screen resolution of 1024x768 so running it on some netbook-sized screens will create additional issues.Who should buy this product?  Someone who needs to make essential changes to a few pictures, uploads those pictures seamlessly to YouTube, facebook, or flickr, and wants the technical details to an absolute minimum and the cost under $43. If you can stay within these boundaries then this is a great program.  The two stars are due to the speed of the program and the 'unlikelyhood" that you will be satisfied with these limits.* The "bloat" refers to what can only be using very inefficient techniques to implement the limited (albeit essential) features provided.BTW, I feel that honest, effective reviews can take the place of first-hand experiences that are lacking in online shopping. I've always appreciated the help I've received from other reviewers and work hard to return the favor as best as I can.  I hope you found this review helpful and if there was anything you thought was lacking or unclear leave a comment and I'll do what I can to fix it.
All in all, this program really isn't much different than Picasa...except that Picasa is FREE.This program ran extremely slow on my Inspiron 6000 with 2GB of ram.  The program itself asks for 4GB of free hard disk space...really?  4GB??  I'm not sure of too many programs that require that much space beyond the OS.I think I will stick with Picasa as it does pretty much everything this does for a lot less hassle.
As a longtime user of Photoshop, I recommend that these high-end features are not for everybody, and I have been searching over the past few years for a good alternative for the beginning or lite user, who just needs a basic photo editing tool for red-eye removal, the addition of some basic but cool effects, and file management.Core PaintShop Photo Express looked like it might be that tool, so I was excited when I was given the opportunity to try it out. Let me start with what I like:1. Good integration with online services. It is very easy to go from PaintShop to post the photos on photo sharing sites or to even get them printed. However, this is not a feature unique to PaintShop and even some free programs (Picasa) do it almost as well.2. Media organizer: For people like my grandparents who for some reason have a very difficult time organizing files and folders within Windows, I do think that the Media Organizer could be helpful. It is not quite as powerful as Adobe Bridge, but is very user friendly. Power users will be annoyed at its lack of features.3. Simple edits: To do basic edits, Corel is very simple. Cropping, red eye removal, and pre-made enhancements are easy to add.HOWEVER,as one reviewer has already commented, the fact that it overwrites original files is extremely dangerous, especially for the entry-level user at which this app is targeted. Yes it's cool to change the colors, crop, and add effects to photos. But these need to be saved as separate files so that the original untouched photo is still available. As far as I can tell, this isn't even an option. People like my grandparents won't even know what they're doing until they've changed all the pictures they've taken while playing around.Also, all of the features that I like in Corel (see above) are done better in both Adobe Elements. As I said, the features of free programs like Google's Picasa really aren't that far off from what this app can do. So I do not recommend it.Rather, for the entry level person, I recommendAdobe Photoshop Elements 8or Picasa, which is free.For the advanced user (or one who wants to be) I'd recommend you getAdobe Photoshop CS4.
I like the idea of a simplified multimedia content editor that allows you to manage and edit your digital photos, videos and music, but Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 is just too basic for its own good.I'm someone who uses Corel PaintShop Photo X2 along with Adobe Photoshop CS4 because there are a few things that Corel PaintShop Pro Photo X2 does better than Photoshop and/or does quicker than Photoshop. I was excited about the chance to use Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010, because I thought it would be a fast and easy way to make quick edits to my images when I didn't need to do much editing, but this software turned out to be a waste of time.The interface in PaintShop Photo Express 2010 is cool, but it's so overly simplified that it actually becomes more difficult to use. For example, there's no "File, Edit, etc." toolbar at the top of the screen so locating files and manipulating files takes longer because you have to figure out how to get to them. Next, The image and video editing tools are so basic that you don't have much control over what you do to the image or video. Along those same lines, it's hard to do some of the creative things that you can do quite easily in Corel PaintShop Pro Photo X2 because the interface is too basic.If you are an enthusiast or professional photographer who shoots "RAW" image files with your digital camera then don't waste your time with this software. Even though I shoot both RAW and JPEG image files, Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 gets confused when it detects RAW files and JPEG files and then "hangs" or "freezes" while it's trying to import the images. If you only shoot JPEG then this isn't a problem.After spending a week trying to work with Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 and live with its limitations I just couldn't get over the neutered control interface and the fact that the software freezes whenever it detects a RAW image file in the same folder as your JPEG images. Bottom line: I uninstalled this software and went back to using Corel PaintShop Pro Photo X2 and Adobe Photoshop CS4.
The software, Corel Paintshop Photo, has some interesting features for creating albums, framed pictures, and minor picture editing. I was successful in doing some of the things that the comparable Adobe product can do. However, it was awkward to to find pictures on the disk since thre is no obvios access to a file manager type structure. Everything is hidden (read dumbed down). In order to be a successful product it needs to be better than similar photography freeware. In the case of Paintshop Photo this is not the case. Until this product is improved with direct access to the file structure on the hard disk, and with more capable photo editing features (compared to Adobe Essentials and album programs or to the Fastone products)I cannot recommend Corel Paintshop Photo.
I've been struggling with this program for some time.  Where it does have its pros, it has more cons, which to me, is very uncharacteristic of Corel's programs.Firstly, I like the idea of keeping it simple.  The program opens and wham, all of your folders and pictures are displayed nicely.  It's also easy to use; click the picture and it brings you the editing feature.  Again, it's all very clean and intuitive.  Keep in mind; this isn't Paintshop Pro or Adope Photoshop.  The options here are limited to fixing red-eye, cropping, adding frames, some effects, adjusting the flash, etc.  The problem comes with photos in the wrong album, and pictures not being uploaded without having to close and reopen the program, or refreshing several times.  The other problem is it crashes, a lot!  I'm running 64-bit Window's Vista and there isn't a lot on my computer.  It's also slow to make adjustments, and *really* slow to "undo" anything.  And yes, it saves your pictures with the adjustments, even though you said "undo."  You have to select "Revert" for it to go back - what is that about?!  It's so FRUSTRATING for something so simple.  When I do use it I feel like I'm on a military mission: get in and get out and just pray your mission goes smoothly... all this for just making a Red Eye adjustment.  So, for this, I have to sadly give Corel a low rating.  They really failed this time.
Corel Paintshop Photo Express is marketed as another alternative that lets you edit your personal photos on your computer without having to go to a professional editing place to do so. It's a little easier to use than Photoshop and the average computer user shouldn't have much of a problem navigating the software. It does some of the basics that Photoshop can do and gets done what's needed in most photo edits like red eye reduction, adjusting lighting, and eliminating defects in non digital photos etc. However, the software has some flaws that cannot be overlooked. When saving, the software does not make it clear that the picture you are editing will overwrite the original file. If you don't have a backup the changes the user made will be permanent. It's also slow at times and has a few stability issues in Windows 7 which will most likely be dealt with by patches and updates. Hopefully Corel will listen and fix a few of these problems the users face in order to make the software a little less annoying. It's decent but the software needs to work out a few bugs before it's more suitable for use otherwise stick to a more polished software like Photoshop Elements or CS4. The time it takes for the beginner to learn the features of Adobe's Photoshop software might be more worth your time and money.
The only good thing about this product is that it is really easy to use. Yes, it has all the features it claims. For someone who's never touched image editing software, it might work, but for everyone else it's not worth the asking price, especially considering there are other free products out there that do the same thing.
There are pros and cons to this software - most of them unfortunately falling into the latter category. I don't have the fanciest system.  I have a Dell Vostro 400, running Windows XP, and all my memory capacity and such met the basic requirements for the program. It took a million years to load, well okay - an exaggeration, but you get the idea.  Everything about the program seems slow to me, making changes and edits to photos, saving things, etc.It's been pointed out before me, but I will emphasize the numero uno complaint that can be made about this software.  Once you've made changes to your photos, they are changed.  Your original file is overwritten.  Be very careful about what you do and whether you are making a final change or not.  Be very cautious.  It didn't have to be this way of course, but there it is.Most of the basic functions do what they are supposed to.  You can make all your standard photoshop type alterations, get rid of red eye, crop photos, and on and on.  You can organize your photos into different folders by category.  It really isn't especially intuitive, which is odd considering this is a streamlined program. This isn't intended for professional photographers, it's a cost effective way to have a little creative input in your digital photos.
Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 has a slick looking but unconventional interface and very little functionality. In fact, common free photo editing software features much more functionality. I believe it is intended for people with very little experience with computers and no experience with other photo editing software. However, for the rest of us using it is mostly an annoying experience.If you launch it by selecting a new photo and then right clicking you still cannot edit that photo as you can with basically all other photo editing software. You have to use the import functionality and import folders with photos. You edit photos by selecting them and clicking "Edit in Express Edit". Here you can straighten, crop, fix red eye problems, and use auto fix. However, there is no batch editing functionality, no resizing, you cannot import bit maps, no pen tool, no library of filters, no magic wand, no marquee tool, etc.  I should add that by adding photos to the tray you have some limited resizing options (small/medium/large).Windows Live Photo Gallery is a free tool photo editing tool with all those editing features and much more. I am not referring to Windows Photo Gallery which comes pre-installed with Vista and is also pretty useless. I am talking about Windows Live Photo Gallery which is free and you easily can download.After using an editing tool in Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 you click the Apply button to apply it and see the effect. When you leave the editor or go to the next photo your work is automatically saved to disk without prompting you. You can restore the old photo by opening up the editor again and pressing "Revert to original". Basically, Corel Photo Express 2010 automatically saves your stuff (whether you want that or not) but you can always revert back. This is good for users who don't understand the concept of file and save. However, it makes it virtually impossible to use other photo editing software in conjunction with Corel Photo Express 2010 and you are running the risk of destroying photos. Corel Photo Express 2010 will over write your work without your explicit permission one way or another.Other things that annoyed me were; it is slow, it sets itself as the default photo editor upon install without asking for your permission, the install took a long time, there are new updates very often, and you cannot use save as to save file/photo wherever you want on disk. You can only save to folders you have imported.You can use Corel Photo Express 2010 to create little projects like a Photo Book, cards, collages, calendars, and slide shows. To get nice results you need to create these projects and then order them on-line (rather then trying to print them yourself). I thought that the functionality for automatically uploading pictures to face book or send photo emails was nifty but not essential functionality. When you upload to face book it asks you for your user name and password and creates an album called "Corel Uploader Photos". If you find the face book up loader annoying that functionality has some value to you but I would not pay for it.In summary, I can maybe recommend Corel Photo Express 2010 to the computer illiterate but with reservations. For all others it is definitely a DON'T BUY.
I have had quite a bit of experience with photo editing programs, from low-end consumer programs to the very expensive ones like the top-of-the-line PhotoShop software.  When I tried this one I thought that I might be able to recommend it to those looking for basic software for organizing and improving home photos.  Not so much.  I have had better luck with the free software that comes with many point and shoot digital cameras.  Much of what I experienced has already been said by others but here is my feedback:*  Installation - It took me over an hour for this program to install.  Really, I checked the clock and it was well over an hour.  I'm running Windows XP and I don't have problems with loading other, more powerful photo editing software*  Appearance - I give it some positive points here.  It's a nice looking design and a little snazzier than most.  The screens are easy to navigate however it runs pretty slow.*  Features - Again, not much for the money.  I have Canon, Samsung, Nikon and Fuji digital cameras and the software that came with even the least expensive models were just as good if not better than this PaintShop program.I uninstalled the PaintShop Photo Express after a couple of weeks of use.  It really doesn't offer me anything that I didn't already have and I would not recommend it to anyone else.  Sorry, but in my opinion this one is a loser.
I have been using Pinnacle Studio to create home videos on DVD with menus, transitions and soundtracks. The software does it job fine but it has its fair share of problems, so I'm glad to be able to try a different software for a start.Boy! I'm not sure if it's my computer or this new VideoStudio, it is crash happy. The installation went well along with online updates. The interface looks intuitive enough for a simple project. So I started to import some video clips and make a DVD. I added some transition effects and reviewed it. It crashed! I wasn't prompted to save my work since I started the project and my work was lost to the abyss. Had I been able to save my project, I might try it again and see if I could eventually build a DVD or upload it to youtube or facebook.A quick search online reveals similar experiences from other users. I think I'll stick to my old software for the time being until Corel gets its act together. VideoStudio Pro X3 seems to have potentials but it's so bug ridden to the point that I wouldn't want to risk losing work and time on it for a more serious project. I'd give it 2 stars for the interface and the features it packs with.
Having reviewed a few of these video editor's I'm amazed with the fact that many are released unprepared for primetime... This is no exception. Mind you my PC is 2 years old (but I digress.Pros*User-friendly interface*when it doesn't crash - the output is relatively fast*Menus can be greatCons*Crashes more than any program should*Program hangs mid processing - rendering the time spent wastedUnless you are patient, have tons of spare time and enjoy multiple restarts - don't bother.2/5 stars for interface and speed when it did work
I've been doing desktop videos from my days of linear editing with two VCR's and Amiga 2000 and it's first gen Video Toaster, to going to the PC with Pinnacle Studio and now Adobe Premiere Elements. What I look for most these days is ease of use and stability. Corel VideoStudio Express 2010 is sort of easy to use but it isn't what I would call stable.Installation was pretty easy and quick but that's when the quickness stopped. The program is very sluggish when going between menu's and performing tasks. Looking at the features (when it wasn't so slow), it looks like it didn't have much to offer over Adobe Premiere Elements or even the free Windows Live Movie Maker. I never could get a full project to complete because of it being so sluggish.Corel VideoStudio Express is a mediocre entry into the world of desktop video on a Windows System. For those on a budget, the new improved Windows Live Movie Maker is the way to go. If you want to spend some money, go for the Adobe Premiere Elements series.
I may be biased, as I've used other Video Editing programs and loved them, but I really am not impressed with Corel's VideoStudio Express.  It makes my PC run painfully slow; so slow to the point where it seems that I can't get much done.  Its difficult to upload to YouTube, MySpace, etc when the program is that slow.  I am so frustrated with this program, and I didn't bother trying many of the tools on it.  Not recommended.
I have been doing a lot of video editing of home movies taken in HD using a Canon camcorder.  I recently upgraded to Windows 7 and downloaded the free Windows Live Essentials which comes with movie maker.  I began using that program to edit my movies, save on my computer for streaming (in HD) and uploading to Youtube for others to see.  I found this program to be easy to use, however somewhat limiting in choices given to you especially with file formats.I was given the opportunity to try Corel Videostudio Express and I was very excited about trying new software that was easy to use but gave additional options over Microsoft.  Install took some time on my machine so I was beginning to believe that this program was going to be a beast.  I run a dual core Athalon 2.6ghz with 4gb of ram and 1gb of dedicated video ram so I assume my specs are well above the minimum for most "express" programs.After the install, I opened the program and realized my assumptions were correct.  This program is a bear on my system.  I tried opening one of the raw files I had previously uploaded to my computer using Movie Maker, however, Corel would not recognize the format (Microsoft recorded TV Show....don't ask as I have no idea why Microsoft imports them into this file format).  So I hooked up my camera and re-loaded a video.  The video loaded fine and I began editing it, however, the video was so choppy during the playback in editing mode that it was very difficult to know what I was doing.I decided to stop editing and just finish the movie.  Corel added some cool credits and things to the video and then I exported to my computer in an HD format.  Now, here is one advantage over Microsoft...I was able to choose the format I wanted to save.  Rather than default to WMV, I could select from various file formats including MPG.  So I decided to run this step several times to see the differences.  After the files were saved, I began watching them first on my PC where they looked great but then watched them on my HD TV so I could really see how the output looked.  Unfortunately, the output was subpar compared to the files created by Movie Maker.  No matter what format I chose, I could get a picture that "looked" like HD.I tried several more videos over the next few weeks to give a fair shot but the constant freezes, slow response time, choppy editing playback and subpar video output continued.  It's too bad that this program runs the way it does because it has some nice features that Movie Maker does not have that makes this a step up in functionality.  Since I am only editing home movies, I think I will stick with Windows Live Movie Maker.  It's free and it works very well with Windows 7.  I suggest those of you that that are looking for something easy to use and does not require a supercomputer, Movie maker is the better choice.  If you are getting into professional video editing, stay away from both and go buy something different.___________________________________________
I couldn't even get this to run on my computer. I guess it's a compatibility issue. I tried, but it just wouldn't run on my computer.
I've seen the other reviews here, and I can agree that this program is a memory hog.  If it would function right, I think this piece of software has possibilities.I have tried Adobe Premier elements (too memory intensive to run with any stability), microsoft "movie maker" (no good way to make DVD's on earlier versions), Roxio (pretty good but pretty expensive), and others.  They all have their issues.I would have liked to review more about this software, but it hung on my computer the moment I tried to import files from my C: drive.
I have been messing around with this for a couple of weeks.  Generally I am not impressed.  It hogs system resources, crashes often and just does not offer the choices I want to see.  I have Corel Video Pro and it is much better, allowing you to change compression easily and giving you a LOT of control as to the sort of output you want.I think this version is aimed at the less sophisticated user.  In which case, it should run more smoothly and be more intuitive.  However, it is not.  I do not understand why it takes FOREVER to combine two clips,  one wonders what the heck it is doing!  I installed this on a brand new HP with dual Intel Pentium 2.1 GHZ/ 4 GB DDR2 and it still dragged.  Kinda reminds me of telling my 13 year old son to put his clothes away, what should take a few minutes goes on and on....Since it neither works well for the novice, nor offers the choices someone with a little more experience would like to see I would pass on this.
One good point about the software is its easy installation. And once you start up the program, the functionality offered is huge. While the user interface is quite nicely designed.However I also had similar problems with performance experienced by others. It is unclear (or more to the point, it may actually be clear!) how efficiently coded this program is. Running it to do what should be basic tasks like finding and showing existing video files on my local disk is very slow; and this on a computer less than 3 years old, with several gigs of RAM.Even worse, for several other tasks, it crashed several times. This is disturbing, because these days a Microsoft machine is meant to have its system functions and system memory space well protected from bugs in user programs running in user memory space. Perhaps, as some of you might suggest, it is partly Microsoft's fault that the machine crashes. That's fair enough. Microsoft needs to tighten up their OS runtime protections. But this also means that there are several bugs in VideoStudio Express. Not a reassuring thing if you are going to depend on it. But video professionals probably are using better software than this.
I have purchased Corel PaintShop Pro products in the past and was satisfied with them; portrait photography is fun when using PaintShop.  I figured I now needed an upgrade.  What a disappointment.  I slid the disc into the slot but the disc would do nothing.  It refuses to install on my computer.  I wonder if there are others who had this problem?I am a little disappointed with my disc but know that my two-star ranking is perhaps not truly indicative of what this product can do.Edit 11 June 2010:  I bought a new computer after my older one crashed.  I was able to install this program, however, I was not able to register this disc.  Since Corel only allows the user one installation of this disc on one computer, I can not reinstall this program.  What a shame as I never was even able to open this program.  Most software manufacturers allow up to three installments of their product.  Something to consider when buying Corel!
I know there are fans of this software, and it's a good buy, but I prefer Photoshop Elements (Adobe) and can't get into the PS Pro interface. It's ok but I find it slower and clunkier than Photoshop Elements. I suppose it's what you are used to, that is, a matter of taste. However, it will do the job of editing photos. Meh.
I had a lot of trouble installing this on my computer with windows xp, 2gb memory.  I tried twice after rebooting my pc and finally gave up.  This may be moot as there is a new version of this software.  Stay away from this version.
Corel used to be a reliable software company producing great software. I think it has matured and is perhaps on the decline because it seems more and more that new innovation is lacking and quality control is not sufficient. You can read the rest of the reviews and see a similar story. Not what it used to be.... I won't be using this software.
So far I've had to uninstall this software from 2 computers because it slowed them down too much.  If you're looking for something lightweight that has a great detection engine I'd recommend Kaspersky.
AVG isn't a bad product, but it's not competitive with the latest from Norton. I've used AVG in the past and installed this to see, and it's OK. I haven't had a problem on computers on which I've used it, but I'm also very careful about what I do on the web.I would urge you to consider Norton Internet Security 2010. Norton used to be a wretched product: It didn't matter if it worked, as it took over the machine. But with IS 2009 it completely changed. It's very effective and 2010 is even better. What's so nice is that you'll rarely notice it's even active, as they've redone the product to do most of its work when the machine is idle.Further, there's not even much of a price differential. You can find the 3-PC version of Norton IS 2010for $30. Granted that's only 1 year, but many people have more than 1 PC.If I've never had a problem, then why am I pushing Norton rather than AVG? Because those sites that go to a good deal of effort to determine how effective a product is rate Norton very well and AVG not so much so.At least do a bit of research.
As a avid user of the older paperport 8 product I was hoping that I would love the improvements in paperport 12. Alas, not so much. I didn't have the disabling issues described by so many other reviewers causing big problems immediately. I found it was much slower than the older version and didn't offer any features that were compelling for the upgrade price.It just seems more difficult to use and less dependable. If I'm doing a sequence of operations where I save something it never remembers the last folder. My scanner internmittently driver hangs with this version, apparently during transfer of the scanned item to paperport. Closing paperport and reopening it seems to resolve this issue until the next time.For me this wasn't really an upgrade. Since I'm still running XP I probably should have stuck with version 8.
It's been several years since I used QuickBooks, and had found it easy to use in the past. With that in mind, I was certain a newer version would be a superior product. I was wrong. I didn't find it as user friendly as some have suggested, at least not while getting familiar with the system and recording simple entries and I've used a variety of accounting software. I spent more time registering or being redirected by Intuit pop ups and add-ons than anything. I finally gave up and haven't gone back to it since. This software looks easy to use but turns simple accounting into a time-eating nightmare. Maybe the newer version will be better, but I'm not interested, not from what I've seen, and especially if it forces the user to store sensitive data offsite (a lack of financial controls as far as I'm concerned). If you're NOT experienced using QuickBooks, now might not be the time to learn. If I had to use this product I'd consider converting my accounting system to something else (especially for a small business). Based on this version, I don't think it's time or cost effective to use, not with other reliable, less intrusive, products on the market.  It was buggy running on Windows 7, but ran stable on Windows XP. I would suggest to Intuit, however, that they set the defaults of this program to run stand-alone, with web interaction as an option; and also that they cut out the ad-ware that this program is now laced with.  These are reasons enough to keep looking for a better, more dependable product.
I have been a Poser user since the first version and it was a long term love affair. While I've graduated to more powerful programs, I still like to compose scenes in Poser. I haven't had time to put this program through all of its bells and whistles, but so far I don't see a great need to upgrade to this if you have Poser 7. Most of the Pros I list are for people who have never used Poser as they are included in Poser 7 as well as 8.If you are a first time buyer get Poser 7 and don't accept any service packs from Smith Micro if you can help it.Pros:Good basic program for posing figures and setting up scenes, especially if you just want to have fun fairly quickly. It is great for creating realistic comic book scenes.Has some sketch features that will turn your picture into a drawing, however none is as good as what you can do with Photoshop plug-ins.  It can be used for doing simple cartoon animations with voice.Great for artists who would like to have a free model at their disposal.Most of the features work well and so do the most popular third party figures that owners usually purchase, like Daz3D's Victoria and Michael.It comes with more models than Poser 7, but it's an odd assortment, mostly freebie stuff from a variety of vendors.  Poser has never been stand alone in this respect. Expect to purchase lots of models to create you scenes.This program offers the ability to put your own face or that of friends on a character, quickly and easily.Lots of complexity if you want to create characters and hairstyles yourself. However, you don't have to engage its more complex features to have a good time.Cons:The new interface has a very small slide bar on the content area. It is difficult both to see and use. As someone else noted, if you have a lot of models it can be hard to navigate.So far I've found that the morphs on the new Poser 8 characters can create unexpected deformities. This isn't a big problem because you will probably prefer the Poser 6 ones anyway.While minor changes to the program have been made, the artistry of the stock characters has gone downhill since Poser 6, which predate Smith Micro's ownership.Smith Micro owned Content Paradise is the least useful place to buy models, try Daz3d, RuntimeDNA and Renderosity. You may also run into licensing issue with Content Paradise. Make sure you read all licenses carefully. If you are going to public work done with this program, have a lawyer examine them.While Victoria and Michael work well, Daz's David is invisible to the "Conform to figure" command in this version so again the original Poser 7 was better. This means you have to manually align hair and other items to the figure. I have not tested out other third party characters and animals to see if this is a major problem.The Company:Perhaps the worst thing about this program is Smith Micro itself. It has included a new license with Poser 8 that suggests it owns all the content you create unless you upgrade to Poser Pro. I say suggests because like everything about Smith Micro, including its "support page" you are confronted with rules and definitions...the absolute opposite of what a creative artists wants to deal with when deciding on a product. Normally models that you purchase or build in 3d programs can be used in 2d renderings and animations with few limitations. The only thing that is forbidden is displaying someone's figures and the textures applied to them in such a way as to allow them to be copied and used by others in 3D form.Right now, full time students can buy a limited copy of AUTODESK'S ENTERTAINMENT CREATION SUITE, (which is the industry standard) for $349. Mastering this program can land you a job. Why spend time learning a program that only upgrades to another program that is still not a major player in the animation market?Smith Micro also has its own system of communication that users are forced to abide by. It requires an incident report (they define exactly what an incident is and you only get one per contact). They also tell you their system is better than email. I disagree. Their online system never accepted my registered serial number for Poser 7. Apparently it is either not in their data base or was imported with an error when they bought the program from EFrontier. Since my serial number won't work, I can't file an incident report. Since they won't accept an email...I can't tell them about my problem unless I pay $20 to call them. It is sad that this fun little program has landed in arms of such a cold, distant company.UPDATE: I want to reinterate what I said about this company needing to change its ways. I never did manage to register Poser 7 and I'm glad I didn't. Recently 9/2010, I had yet another issue... A little over a year ago I ordered a copy of GROBOTO from Smith Micro and was forced to pay $9 to preserve the right to download it again if I needed to!!! I have NEVER had to pay to preserve the right to download software I bought. Today I went back to download my copy and my password wouldn't work. I wrote to tech support and told them I needed my password. They gave me a really smart a@@ resjponse!!!"I'm sure you do. Now if you'll tell me what password you're looking for, maybe I can help with that.Cheers,Now I have a very good sense of humor but what password did he think I was talking about??? I explained that I wanted to download my copy of Groboto. The response was shocking. They told me there was NO RECORD of my EVER having bought anything from their site!! Not only had I registered Groboto but I had an account on the site as little as a few months ago. He suggested I give him my order number. Luckily I still had it with the SMITH MICRO name in big letters at the top!! He responded with a form letter telling me to go to a storage site to retrieve my program.10/2010  -UPDATE UPDATE: After spending hours loading my models into Poser on my new computer I made the MISTAKE OF DOWNLOADING update SR3 for POSER 8. Now OPEN GL doesn't work and the animation palate is greyed out. What does Smith Micro say about this...."You need to upgrade your video card driver to handle OPEN GL. I have a high end graphics card with the latest drivers that worked just fine before the upgrade...aparently he ignored the fact that I gave him a full description of my brand new openGL graphics card!! BTW all ATI cards have supported it since 2007 according to them. Another worthless answer from Smith Micro Tech support! When I wrote back to remind him that nothing was wrong with my card and it had worked fine before...no answer. The update was supposed to better support Windows 7 64 bit....It does not...Windows 7 doesn't show the update in "system restore" so you have to uninstall Poser to rid yourself of the upgrade. DON"T DO IT in the first place. I almost suspect that they are trying to cripple Poser 8 in order to convince people to upgrade to Poser Pro. As stated above its not worth it.
I was not very impressed with the final quality of renderings.  I felt it was too slow compared to other programs I had used, and the controls were just not as fine tuned as I would have liked them.
I am not very familiar with video composing or animation, however, I have used many other 3D graphics simulation tools and I have also created (using Open Inventor / Open GL) 3D graphics simulation tools myself. What I have worked with is robots, conveyor belts and machines. Creating mechanical 3D simulations is different from creating figures and people in 3D. However, I have an idea of how 3D graphics tools work and how an interface should look like. My verdict is that Poser 8.0 has an interface that is harder to use than necessary. I found several bugs, and the tutorial is horrible. If you offer a tool like this to the public the tutorial must be proofread and it must be perfect. The typical home user does not expect to have to take classes to learn how to use this tool.Overall I think this is a really neat tool. You use this tool to create 3D images of humans, animals, and other characters. Poser includes a lot of pre existing characters (created by artists), textures, a Wardrobe Wizard, designer tools, a face room, and special effects features, and you can down load more. You can create your own faces using photographs that you have. There is a lot there to help you create 3D characters and to turn them into animations/movies. I should say that to make neat 3D animations you should really use Poser in conjunction with tools that are better for creating scenery and backgrounds like Vue and Lightwave. I should also point out that Poser is in general not good enough for the movie industry (contrary to what is claimed). Lightwave is more commonly used by the movie industry.The first thing I noticed was the unusual way you control the scene. I mean what is wrong with the standard thumb wheels from Open Inventor/Open GL or panning/moving the figure with the mouse. The next thing I did was to go through the tutorial. So I launched the tutorial but nothing came up. In fact three of the Help Menu items were missing including the tutorial. Eventually I found the tutorial on my disk.Unfortunately it was a struggle for me to go through the tutorial because:1. There were several actions which could not be completed because the tutorial referred to non-existing or redesigned items. For example, it tells you to click "Tracking Mode icons", however, there are no such icons. There is a small menu with no popup box that controls the tracking mode. At another point in the tutorial it tells you to save features by following steps that cannot be followed, because the interface you use for this is different from the interface in the tutorial.2. A decent tutorial needs to provide a number of screen shots in which the different palettes, menus and tools are pointed out to you so that you know where they are located. This is not the case with this tutorial. They repeatedly ask you to use tools they have not explained or told you where they are located, so you have to guess.3. At one point in the tutorial you had to set everything back to the settings at the end of the previous chapter before you could continue, but they did not tell you that.OK I am going on about the tutorial because; unless you take a class, or have used previous versions, the tutorial is basically all you have if you want to learn how to use it.Other complaints I have is,I also found it exceedingly difficult to find and select the invisible circle that turns white/red when you find it and to select the correct body parts. I clicked and dragged, clicked and dragged, and nothing happened or the wrong part moved. OK I am not particularly good at this but the other 3D tools I've used were easy to use in this regard. I also could not find anywhere, where the current parent of an object is indicated. That is pretty important to know. When I created new libraries I always got this error message about a runtime folder.I guess I am a little frustrated, but the tools I've used (or created) for creating 3D simulations of conveyor belts, robots, and shop floors were a lot more intuitive and easy to use, and I don't even have a good tutorial to help me.
People here have commented enough on the good and the bad about plenty of hardware and software issues regarding Office 2008.  There hasn't been a lot said of Excel 2008 for Mac (in this business edition).  I feel, for many reasons including, but not limited to: accounting, statistics, projections, etc, Excel is the keystone of the MS Office business oriented programs.  It's numbers, it's business, period.Hence, a bit of a comparison.  Those of you who "grew up" with Excel 2000/XP (Yes, I was a PC user) probably loved it. XP/2000 had a plethora of options, coding capabilities, and easy access to what you needed.So, how much has changed with Excel 2008 for Mac? A lot.  Or, should I say, too much.  This is a ridiculous and useless program as far as I'm concerned.  I have absolutely no idea what Microsoft was thinking with this version.  I'm left almost speechless.  The programs (all, not just Excel) have been dumbed down to a bunch of pretty pictures that have left "old" users like me wondering where the heck anything is placed (I like to say that it's "just hidden").  If you can get past the ridiculously simplified menu options and actually find (yes, you need to search for things now, I wonder what menu options were for before???) what you need you'll note how deep inside, Excel 2008 is a useless software.  While basic computational abilities are still there, macros are gone (VBA support is gone, that is).  Really?  So, why not just take out my TI-89, it does just as much, if not more, and it's cheaper!I would NOT recommend this version to anyone (or Excel 2007 for PC'ers out there).  Save your money, don't buy, force Microsoft to actually start coming out with more quality products in spirit of pre-2007 levels (Vista and Office 2007/2008 have been complete failures).
This review is going to be much like my review of the 2009 edition of Norton 360 because, except for the removal of the backup features, the two programs are quite alike.  For the same reason, I am not going to be so nice to Symantec, the makers of Norton 360 and Norton Internet Security this time around.  I want to be clear that I am only referring to the Windows XP version in this review.  I may post another one for Windows 7 users once my new system arrives.The main problem is this:  You absolutely cannot trust the firewall to work correctly on your system as configured as it is too permissive.  This means you run the risk of losing valuable personal information and/or damaging your computer.  In the default "set it and forget it" mode, it has continued to fail in almost every firewall test I have thrown at it as it does a horrible job of detecting and blocking potential threats on its own.  Even a free firewall program provided by Comodo performs better than Norton Internet Security.The only way to make the firewall safe is to do the following steps:1) Open the Norton Internet Security homepage by doubleclicking on the icon in the system tray2) In the box named Network, click on "Settings"3) Scroll down to Smart Firewall, click "Configure[+]" next to Advanced Settings4) Turn "Automatic Program Control" off and "Advanced Events Monitoring" on5) You'll get a warning that it's for advanced users, congratulations that's what you will become soon6) Hit Apply to accept.  If your settings are correct, it should match the image I uploaded to Amazon.From this point forward, it will start to ask you before you start a program or access the Internet; much like the previously referenced Comodo firewall.  It will seem annoying at first, however the interruptions will become less frequent as it "learns" the programs that you have designated as safe.  You may not recognize each individual file but you can make educated guesses.  For instance, if the file is located in the directory of the program you just started up, it's a high probability the file is legitimate.  Because Norton has started including file directories in its popup alerts, it becomes much easier to locate files you're unsure of.  From there you can check the properties of the file to make sure they match the program's vendor, Microsoft, or otherwise.  It just depends on how accepting you want to be.  After a while, the interruptions will become infrequent unless you install something new or, more importantly, something uninvited is trying to access the Internet without your permission.  It's not a foolproof method by any means, but it is much safer than the Norton 360 and IS 2010 default which seems to be to allow anything you run to access the Internet and/or your computer.  As long as you perform these steps, the firewall performs quite well.Fortunately I can say that the antivirus works much better.  It even identified and quarantined a few of my firewall leaktests before I was able to run them.  No virus protector is 100% safe, however, so the best way to protect your computer is still to practice safe surfing.  When I deliberately tried to run some questionable files, one of them managed to make my computer unbootable and Norton never stopped it.  The same thing happened to Norton 360.  This brings me to another issue.  I sent that file to Symantec months ago with specific details about what it does yet even now Norton doesn't catch it.  I'm starting to wonder how much they're paying attention to the files we send them.  Maybe they're being overrun by the number of people submitting iexplore.exe as a potential virus.The database is still a mess of unnecessary messages that are service related rather than virus related.  There does seem to be some realization of this so this years version is a little less confusing with links to the database regarding particular issues you may click on.  Cosmetically, Norton has changed to yellow over black instead of black over yellow.  There's a nice (buried) feature called optimize.  To get there you need to flip the main menu to the performance history and click a tiny link of the same name.  Not sure why it's tucked away, but for this aging system I did notice some improvement in startup times.  Symantec will honor the remaining days of a subscription to a former product and add them to this year's product but you will have to contact them.  It will also transfer your settings and identity cards and passwords, however it will not use your identity card information on new websites.  Per support you need to delete them, in spite of the import, and start over.  I also find it takes much longer to login than it did using Norton 360; almost a 10-15 second wait.  Not sure if that was due to the import or a problem with the program.Norton Internet Security 2010 says on the box that it supports POP3 and SMTP now for its email scanner.  That would cover almost every email scanner on the market.  In Symantec's world, however, that only means Outlook and Outlook Express according to a support guy named Kumar.  He says that, in spite of the many popular email programs on the market, Norton continues to support only Outlook and Outlook Express but he couldn't really explain why Symantec appears to be flat out lying.  Maybe he was stoned.  I'll ask Harold next time.One new feature that doesn't impress me are the constant popups saying I am the first person to run this program or that.  Quite odd considering I get these warnings even after downloading a file from the Symantec website.  You can remove this annoyance by clicking Web Settings then turning off Download Insight.  You have to turn it off completely,otherwise it'll simply delete any file it considers a risk.  One of these days Symantec will realize we don't like it when they do that.In short, this version of Norton is not much of an improvement over last year's version and there were a ton of areas where they could have made improvements.
Old version.  Not a terribly relevant product now with the popularity of smart phone and expanding internet cell coverage with free access to really good maps from other companies.
I'm a long time user of Microsoft Streets and Trips and found it a good, on/offline alternative to the popular online mapping services. When I received a copy of the new MapPoint 2010 for review, I had high expectation of it given its much higher price tag.Installation is straight forward. However, it also tries to install Bing search engine and MSN Live toolbar, and you want to go through the installation steps carefully.The quality of the maps is somewhat visually poor in comparison to Bing and Google online maps. I don't understand why since Microsoft is charging a lot of money for it.GPS support is limited to most Garmin devices. You're out of luck if you have other brands or a low-end Garmin model, unless you subscribe to the paid MSN Direct.Importing data into MapPoint 2010 is rather restricted. I thought it would do a lot of fancy spatial, demographic data display but it looks more like the typical Office charts.Unless you own a business having employees travelling frequently on the roads and needing the scheduling, planning and record keeping, or needing the ability to import data into the maps, I don't see a real need for MapPoint. For general and personal use, I would recommend Streets and Trips instead.
I have used several versions of streets and trips in the past and have always felt it was a decent product and worked well enough, but had room for lots of improvements.  This was back in the day when only a select few had internet on their phones and Google didn't even have maps (mainstream at least, definitely not satellite views).  I had high hopes for Mappoint where it is supposed to be for "business" and I suppose it does have some nice features like being able to create sales territories or zones and such, but aside from that and a few other features, it is almost identical to streets and trips.  Granted, I have not used most of the "collaborative" or "analysis" functions, but I still can not see justifying the cost.  I'm not going to go into detail here (because several other reviewers already illustrated my same thoughts) but my main complaints are still the following:- Poor search bar integration and results (i get much better results using google maps and typing in the search term while viewing the area I want to search, in MP and S&T; I get results all over the US and Canada).  There were some instances where it simply could not find addresses.- Poor quality maps (google and bing offers better rendered maps and SATELLITE (they could at least offer that option to view when you have an internet connection, but instead, they have a toolbar button that links to Bing)- Inability to create list in MP and export out- Could not figure out how to multi level sort and filter imported databaseWhile I'm sure MP has its uses, I do not see it being that useful a tool in my business (I am not in Sales and Marketing).  So like another reviewer said, download the trial first to see if it does what you want before you commit yourself to the $250+ to own it.My last thought is that if S&T; is similar (which I can' t see why it wouldn't be), even at it's lower price, I think it needs serious updates especially in this age where wireless modems, tethered phones, and standalone GPS devices are getting cheaper and more capable.
I will give it to Microsoft when it comes to MapPoint. It has always been a breeze to setup, relatively simple to use, and very effective at what it does. That being said, there's not enough new content in MapPoint 2010 to justify an upgrade if you have any earlier version of the software, unless you absolutely need the new features. The improvements on MapPoint 2010 as opposed to 2009 are relatively minor. Pushpin management has been overhauled, and you also have about 300 new pushpins to choose from. Map Settings has been cleaned up slightly allowing for a sleeker presentation. Also, you are now able to import / export .gpx files, making for easier data sharing. If you need new features like these then by all means, I would recommend purchasing MapPoint 2010.If this is your first purchase of MapPoint, take advantage of the free trial download online, and also compare MapPoint's features to those of the cheaper Microsoft Streets & Trips 2010. Personally, that is what I use most often and it is perfectly suited for my individual needs.
First, if you plan to sync and use this software in conjunction with a GPS device, you'd better have the Garmin brand, preferably the latest one. Moreover, if you business extends into Canada, this software will not be of much use. For someone who wishes to put together, say, a national sales presentation, or wishes to analyze data by geographic localities, MapPoint might be just the ticket. Given the number of options available for businesses today, however, this software seems overpriced, a bit outdated (even irrelevant), and limited for most purposes. Other reviewers have rightly pointed out some of its other shortcomings and limitations. On the other hand, if your business needs the specific capabilities that this particular program offers, you will not find a better alternative. What it does do, it does relatively well, if not easily.
Given the ever-dropping prices in navigation units its become increasingly difficult to justify the existence of this product. This program is definitely useful fro planing long trips, but then again why couldn't one just use Google or Yahoo Maps (for free). Sure there is interoperability with navigation units here, but honestly you could get by just fine using the unit sans this software. Testing out the program itself I noticed there were some map errors (it seems there are some locales that haven't been updated). In California this is certainly true of Napa and Sonoma countyPros:Plan Trips with multiple destinationsInteroperability with stand-alone gps units (Garmin has been verified)Fuel consumption and fuel costs (estimated)Cons:Unnecessary - can get very similar functionality for free (Google or Yahoo is your friend)Map errors - If I'm paying for accuracy I would expect the latest edition to have relatively new roads (something that changed 2 years ago +)Cost - Sure this is certainly affordable - but why not use that money on a gps unit itself2 out of 5 - don't think this version is useful. If you must have this I recommend the one with gps receiver to attach to a laptop.
My wife has a GPS system in her car (it is not compatible with this software) and I have a Garmin 255W which I rarely use but that is compatible with this software (supposedly). I have a good sense of direction and I like to look up my own route and memorize it or print maps. I typically use Google maps or Yahoo maps for that. This has worked most of the time for me. I am not in great need for this software but I found one feature quite valuable (Find Nearby Places).The goodOne of the primary features of Microsoft Streets and Trips is getting directions and creating routes. At this Microsoft Streets and Trips 2010 is better than Google maps and Yahoo maps. For example, Google maps and Yahoo maps will often include toll roads in the route despite the fact that the trip would be shorter and quicker and cheaper without the inclusion of the toll road. Microsoft Streets and Trips 2010 do not have that quirk. I have also found that Yahoo maps are often wrong. "Microsoft Streets and Trips" is configurable to your driving habits and calculates fuel cost and other things. You can also save and reload your routes (open it as a file). On the other hand Microsoft Streets and Trips maps are fuzzier than Google maps and not as good.My favorite feature is "Find nearby places". By selecting stops along a route or by simply typing in an address and then click "Find nearby places" you can get extensive lists of restaurants, hotels, bed and breakfast places, ATM machines, attractions, parks, public transportation and more. I have found that this feature is fairly complete and helpful. You also get coupons.Not goodAs mentioned I am not GPS kind of guy, however, I decided to at least try using Microsoft Streets and Trips with my new Garmin 255W. Unfortunately the GPS device could not be detected by Microsoft Streets and Trips via the USB port because of a missing device driver. I downloaded the device driver and installed it successfully according to the wizard and I restarted the computer. However, the device driver still did not show up as it should in the device manager work and Microsoft Streets and Trips could still not detect the GPS device. So I tried to figure out why and that is when I got disgusted.There was no information about this anywhere in the help but I found information about it on-line. I tried the remedies suggested on-line but it did not help. So I tried contacting support. Contact support was strangely enough listed in "About" but not in "Help". It turns out they really don't want you to contact support. They wanted me to pay $35 for customer support which is as much as the product itself. Almost everyone else offers customer support for free.I should also add that I think it was "stingy" that this software only came with only one license for one PC. It should have been at least one user three PC's. Seriously do you really want to pay $36 for one license?SummaryPeople who have GPS systems probably do not need or want this software. People who just want directions probably do not need this software either. However, this software is somewhat useful to people (like me) who plan their own routes but want more then just directions (finding nearby points of interest). But is it worth the money for one PC license? No.
The primary function that I look for in a program like this is its ability to sync with my GPS unit (a Magellan Maestro). However, all of the Microsoft products I've encountered so far sync only with Garmin products, preferably the newest models. What are the other uses? Not much that cannot be handled online for free by Mapquest or Google maps and directions. If you own a Garmin GPS, you'll probably find this software quite useful.
My experience with Acronis True Image Home 2010 wasn't positive.  Based on other reviews I was cautious about installing it on my main computer (I'm lucky enough to have more than one...), and chose to install it on a Windows XP Home system used by my kids to give it a go.  I'm glad I did, as after installing the software and restarting the computer, I couldn't get past the opening 'Windows' screen.  I did manage to eventually get the computer on in 'safe mode' and was able to uninstall the software.  The reboot was slow, but it did fix the hang-up on the Windows screen.  After that I ran Glary Utilities (free utility software) and got things smoothed out.I can't really rate this software as it wasn't useable for me.  I feel like I lucked out getting it off my machine and will continue to use an external hard drive for back-ups, as well as the Windows based disk recovery.
I selected this for one of my items to test and review for Vine. Last spring I had a major crash and program malfunction with Windows Vista. No surprise there, just a mater of when. I received my copy of Acronis True Image about a week after my Vista crashed and I was tempted to try it but I was at a point that to try it I could loose everything. I picked up a external hard drive and Windows 7. I managed to run a backup copy of my hard drive before installing Windows 7 over the Windows Vista. I lucked out and the back up program that came with the Verbatim Clon external hard drive that I got at Office Depot worked great and with the install of Windows 7 I didn't loose anything. So after the poor reviews that I've read on the Acronis True Image Home 2010 I have decided that it isn't worth the risk to use it to make another updated backup of my hard drive. So if you are needing to make a backup of your hard drive I would suggest that you use something other than the Acronis True Image.I used the Verbatim external hard drive with the software that came on it and with Windows Vista being almost totally pooched I got a clean backup and a clean install of Windows 7 over the messed up Windows Vista on my one yr old Dell Studio 17 thirty something. If your system is in good working condition and you just want a backup for safety sake, this might be what you want. If your trying to recover from a major crash without loosing any more data than you have to, try something else.
Acronis True Image Home 2010 PC Backup & Recovery seemd like a great concept and promised terrific utility: it did not work for me.  I am very satisfied with the Windows utility "System Restore" and have used it many times.  In addition, I have a Maxtor External Manager that backs up all of my important files.  I generally prefer not to read the manual before using computer programs and like them to work intuitively.  Acronis installed easily enough but required a 64 character registration serial number for the disc version.  Furthermore, after it was installed when I attempted to access my backed up files I received error messages.  I also found that it slowed down my Dell Dimension 8400 running with Windows XP and interfered with my Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 2000 which refused to work properly. I also set my Word program to back up my documents as I am writing so they are always recoverable up to a certain point.  If you wish to add online backup of your files in addition the creation of an exact backup of your hard drive there is an option available for an annual fee based subscription. I have uninstalled this program and my computer is back to working at its normal speed and my mouse is no longer "possessed."
Trying to make a long story short, my netbook just didn't like this.  It installed well enough, but proved to be such a memory hog that I uninstalled after a month.I wanted it to work, but it didn't.
I've been using the fully-functional downloaded free trial, and I can't seem to accomplish anything with it. I'm running Windows 7 Pro and it installed perfectly and hasn't caused any problems or conflicts.First, I tried to see how it would go to clone my C drive. I've never done it before, but after having changed operating systems and going through such a time-consuming hassle reinstalling programs, hardware, drivers, files, etc., I decided that cloning (making a disk image) of my primary drive was something I was strongly motivated to do. Web research pointed me towards this program over many other options for its reliability and ease of use. (I didn't want to use Norton Ghost because Norton programs have a tendency to try to "own" my computer and use too much operating power).So why can't I get it to do its thing? My C drive is 1.5 TB, but it's only about 1/6 full right now, and that is mostly windows, programs, & drivers. I went through the wizard to try to clone to an external usb drive which I selected from the list. It didn't want to clone to that drive (though there was plenty of room and the drive was new and empty) it wanted to reformat another drive and clone to that one (thus wiping out all the data on that drive.) I cancelled that operation and no harm done.Then I thought I'd create emergency boot disks. That wizards starts and asks me to provide a "command line parameter." Maybe you know what a "command line parameter" is, but I have no clue, so I click on help. I am provided with a choice of available parameters such as "pci=biosirq" (which does something to the "interrupt routing table") and "nnopcmcia" (which disables pcmcia hardware detection), among many others (all equally confusing to me).This seems to be a very professional product, multi-functional and just full of helpful utilities. The manufacturer is very nice to let me try it free for 30 days. But I'm apparently incapable of using it correctly to do the two simplest tasks it performs, so I shudder to think how confused I'd get if I actually tried to run the  "Acronis Boot Sequence Manager" or "Manage the Acronis Secure Zone."I thought I was getting an easy to use product and, undoubtedly, there are many people out there who must think I'm a certifiable idiot. But I'm finding this whole process a little intimidating and I don't think I'm going to clone anything anytime soon.
I had a simple task-take a 40mb mpg file (40 minutes long), and break it up into 4 pieces to put on YouTube.  Nothing else...no fades, no titles, no effects...just divide up the damn file into 4 pieces.  Studio failed at this task; apparently a 2.6ghz machine is too slow for the software.
I really wanted this software to work more smoothly than it does.  Once again, I think with this software we run into a problem that so much video, audio, and other software displays.  The quest for more and better features are undermined by stability issues.  Of course, something like this is going to be complicated and takes time to learn. But when you keep running into barriers that shouldn't be there, and cost more time and more frustration above and beyond the learning curve, there's something wrong. That's the brilliance of software like Adobe's Photoshop.  It is professional quality and can do amazing things, but it also can do very simple things very well for beginning users.The Pinnacle Studio, on the other hand, just doesn't quite get there, leaving me turning to simpler programs for simpler tasks, just to avoid the irritation.  And the problem with this is that so much of advanced learning is through exploration, trial and error, and just hanging out with the software.  But if the software is frustrating, it just doesn't encourage the kind of lingering that would help someone move on to more advanced tasks.At the end of the day, I want to use software that allows me to do the job at hand in the best and quickest way possible. This just adds too much frustration along the way in getting it to play nicely with the computer or the user.I've not given up entirely, because like I said, I really want this to work better than it does, because when things do run smoothly I really see a tremendous potential for what I can create.
Pros+ Came with a green screenCons- Horrible customer service- Manual is useless- Glitches- Software won't recognize filesThis software seems very wonderful at first, but trying to use it is a gigantic headache. The user's manual, although very large, is utterly useless. Many of my questions could not be found in any way in this extensively long book, and the software itself was amazingly unhelpful.The customer service line was terrible too, as I waited for an hour and then their automated system hung up on me. The software could not find any files on my computer. When I plugged the video camera in, it refused to acknowledge its existence. After half an hour, the software froze.The one good thing about this package is the fact that I got a green screen. Sadly, that is why I have given it 2 stars. Had there been no glitches, I'm sure that this would be very easy to use.
I really wanted to love this software.  Installation and registration was a breeze (although installation took over 15 minutes, there were tons of files and plug-ins to install).  My first problem after installation - and I'm not sure 100% if this had anything to do with installing the Pinnacle Studio 14, my optical mouse became disabled and I had to re-enable it in Device Manager.  Just a coincidence?  Who knows - but I'd never had a bit of trouble with my mouse previously.  I'm running Vista 32 bit with the latest service pack update, and 3 GB memory.It was all downhill from there.  I tried to make a short movie and my computer locked up on me  on 3 separate occasions.  At least Pinnacle saved the movie each time so my efforts didn't go to waste.If I wouldn't have seen all the 1 and 2 star reviews already written for this product, I would have thought it was "just me" and my limited experience in movie editing.  Obviously, that is not the case.I went to Pinnacle's web site searching for updates and help at the Forums, and couldn't find any answers.  I hope the glitches will be ironed out soon, and there will be a download to fix it.  I'm anxious to start making some videos to upload on YouTube; there are some awesome features with this software and a lot to learn to use it to its full advantage.  In the meantime, I'll stick with the Windows Movie Maker.NOTE:  And here's a good deal if you want to gamble & take a chance with this -- included inside the box is an Upgrade or Switch to Pinnacle $30 rebate offer good until June 30, 2011.  If you own one of the following (any version) you can take advantage of this offer:  any previous version of Pinnacle Studio, Sony Vegas Movie Studio, Adobe Premiere Elements, Magix Movie Edit, Ulead Video Studio, Roxio Creator, or Roxio Easy VHS to DVD.
This is yet another disappointing product from Norton. Their antivirus software, although one of the most famous antivirus software in the world, falls flat of the promise to catch all viruses and to protect your computer to the fullest extent (Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2012 - 3 PCs [Old Version] is a much better product); sadly, this online backup product follows a smiliar fate of being inferior to the what's available in the marketplace.I would recommend using Amazon's Cloud Drive, Microsoft's SkyDrive, DropBox, SugarsSync, or any other service before you attempt to use Norton.As previously noted by other reviewers, this package offered 5 GB, instead of the promised 25GB. I'm not sure if this is because this was a sample product or if the Amazon listing is incorrect. Buyer beware - you might not be receiving the promised 25GB.Not that it should matter. The software, although not too difficult to install, is way harder to install than its competitors (compare it to the simple two-step process with Dropbox). Also, this is only an annual subscription. You buy this now, and will have to buy a subsequent key/renew to continue storing the data on Norton's servers. With so many options offering you free storage (read: 5GB from Amazon), why bother uploading your data for only a year? I'd recommend securing a more permanent solution (possibly even buying an external harddrive and backing it up the old fashioned way!).
I use Norton for Internet security happily.  So I just jumped for this without factoring in that 25gb is nothing.  I was unable to use this product property with 25gb so I didn't add more.
* The 25 Gig storage space turns out to be much smaller PER BACKUP* Instructions not clear* Initial storage not enough* Extra storage costs too high* This product does not meet the normal standards of excellence associated with Norton products
This product arrived a few days ago - I was excited to try it out.  I'm always looking for additional storage and backup options.I logged in to my Norton account, registered my serial number, was sent to a download link for my (Mac) software.  The link didn't work.  I tried it again several times with no success.i tried to contact Norton Support for assistance, but gave up after waiting nearly an hour with no response to my chat request (although the support site promises short waits.)Until two days ago, I'd only ever used one browser, Safari, on my MacBook.  Frustrated by the unresponsive download link, I installed Google Chrome and was finally able to download the software.  Installation was easy, but when I launched the application, it started to scan my hard drive for the suggested files for backup, and six hours later it was still scanning.So it is now four days since I received the product in the mail, and  I have encountered a non-existent support site, a bad download link, a software application that can't even seem to successfully scan my hard drive to set itself up.  I think I can safely say for the purpose of this review that I do not like the product.  I'll stick with Dropbox, thanks.Coda:Today, after much tinkering, I was able to launch the software and start a backup. It was a slow process, but after an hour the backup was complete. If Norton can eliminate the bugs in their setup, this might become a functional product.
I have been using online backup services for years and have become accustomed to how easy to use most have become.  The real benefit of online services is that they allow me to chose which folders and which devices I want to backup and then automatically take care of the rest.  The Norton Online Backup seemed like a similar proposition but unfortunately it was not.  It only allowed me to backup from my computer.  Once this was set I could not access my files from other devices (such as a tablet or phone) as easily as some of the other backup systems (such as Dropbox) let me do.  For the price of this product I can buy a Pogoplug device and use a USB storage device to do my own network storage without the headaches (and fears) that this Norton Online Backup creates
The purchased product is a product key-code and instructions.The instructions send you to a web site and there you download the software, and activate the backup license using the key-code that came on the product-card that you bought.  Once activated, it started scanning my PC to calculate the files and space and to be backed up.This is where it got messy for me, as the license for this said on the package that it was for one year, 2 Gigs of storage, but the label on the package on top of the 2 GB product name said it was for 1 User / 25 GB!  That sounds like a lot, but I have nearly 12 TB connected to the PC that I activated this on (I just wanted to look at the backup program, I didn't want to backup my whole PC to the cloud).  I assumed there would be an option to allow me to select the files that I wanted backed up).  The scan stopped once it found too much, and said:  Not enough space; You do not have enough available online storage space to backup all the files selected by your settings. Please Buy More Storage or change your settings.  At this point, I found the options to select the types of files that I actually want to back up from this PC, and the schedule for when to back up the files, and it was for the most part, intuitive.  There were a number of options that allowed me to determine what types of files, or rules to use, to determine what to backup.However, the interface here said I had 5 GB of storage, so I guess I'm confused a bit on what I actually own.  5 or 25?  Sure I can buy more from them, but what did I already get?As for how this works -- in the background it's using my internet connection to back my files up to the Norton "cloud" - but what I don't really know is, is the backup encrypted in flight, at rest, how secure, etc is it all.  I want to assume that since it's from a security company, that's it's safe and good, but that's not really a good way to evaluate products like this.Since I limited what it will backup to a handful of file types, spreadsheets mostly, email, and contacts, I'm not stressing this product.  I can see from other reviewed that this product can become unstable when stressed, so if you are going to be very selective, and not backup a lot, this could be OK for you, but this won't be used on my PC for much more than this evaluation.
A lot of people who have computers or mobile devices don't think about backing them up - - until something happens and they lose everything.  There are a lot of options out there from buying software (like this) or an online subscription service (I happen to use Carbonite).  I personally prefer the online version though it was a little while before I really got used to having my backups stored by another party.So what's the deal with Norton?  Well, if you're someone who uses their computer on a very light basis, has little to no music files, photos and maybe just some documents to back up AND are a relative computer-novice, you might be OK with this.  The amount of space you're actually getting with this program is minimal for most of us who have thousands of photos, music files, videos and other data they want to keep secured and backed up.  I've tried Norton products in the past (antivirus) and wasn't pleased enough to keep it but I thought I'd give this a try since it's been a few years and I figured they might have improved somewhat.  With all of the excellent and MUCH cheaper options (when you consider the space and Norton requiring you to purchase more after only 5GB), this one wouldn't be high on my list.  I'll go ahead and install it on my 10 year old daughter's computer (which is as old as she is) to back up her stuff, since I already own it, but I won't purchase more space or upgrade it after the year is up unless it changes A LOT by then.
This installed well but eventually just took it off.If I'm going to get online back up I'm going to likely go with Amazon where I can get 2x as much storage for the same amount.With all online storage however I find it is not enough to truly meet my needs...I also like that with the Amazon cloud I can back up data (pictures mainly) from my phone.
norton programs are terrible for capping your backup data, but this is really bad. It says 25GB, but it didn't quite work that way. After a paltry 2.5 GB, I started having issues and contacted the run-around CS, which really annoyed me. So I gave up. Would not use this.
I thought this program was going to be easy to work with.  I use Microstation (CAD drafting) which takes a lot of time to learn and requires constant use to retain the shortcuts.  Outline 4D is similar in structure, in that it was not very easy (for me) to simply jump in and learn it. This will take some time.  In the past, I found using post-its and index cards on a large wall helpful in organizing my ideas or stories, as it was all there at once.  I imagine with lots of time, I'll be able to be quick on the draw with Outline 4D.Outline 4D contains fourteen screenplay examples" such as `Gone With The Wind", "Hamlet", "Star Wars (Saga)", "Thelma and Louise", etc.  These provide an insight on screenplay setup and organization.  That is, if you are interested in writing a screenplay.  There are also fourteen Templates to get you started on a story.  There is a section called "Brainstorming" which seems to easily allow you insert text for the `Story point Event', the `Character Study Event' and the `Story Event'.  There is endless room.  Again, there is a separate template section for you to work with your own existing  commercial, novel or screenplay.As I stated earlier, the learning curve for this program takes time.  It's unusual to see the text flowing vertically and the time line flowing horizontally.  Stating from scratch is a major task, as you probably need a reference away from your computer to begin.  If you are adept at writing, you probably have your own style and I certainly would not suggest this program as the only alternative.  Considering the price, I'd have to say that this would make sense to buy if it were cheaper.  But right now, it's a lot of learning just to get started.  Unless you plan on using this everyday, I'm not sure it's the perfect solution.  If you are good with computer skills and comfortable in your writing style, you might find this useful.  However, for the occasional use, you probably already have a fine format going.
first off - you may wanna look elsewhere.i havent tried the other versions of this, but i wasnt happy with the options - layout of the toolbars - and crash rate.it is very slow, when compared to other products on the market and the price is pretty high for the performance and options you get.theres better choices out there.i would look further.
In my title, I noted that it is "probably" not worth the upgrade.  The probably depends upon what you are upgrading from.  If you are using Office 2007, stick with 2007.  This has a slightly longer load time and not much in the way of usable new features.  If you are upgrading from an even earlier version of Office, then this is probably the way to go.The good: The ribbon bar.  I like it and it is still there, with a couple of minor improvements such as adding a file option and incorporating your most commonly used actions into one place (kind of like Office 2003 did).  The look is slightly updated to be more in line with Windows 7.  There are some nice video editing features for PowerPoint that you may find useful.  Also, the true claim to fame of this program is that it nearly catches up to Google Docs with online options.  Finally, this is a three computer license, which is nice since so many people buy one and put it on all the computers in the house anyway.The bad:  Slower load time (with a fancier splash screen to make you think you are getting something better).  Second, try the online options at Office Live before you buy.  I have found that the load times can be unbearable there and the firewall where I work effectively blocks the Office Live features anyway.The INEXCUSABLE:  I didn't want to give this a one star rating for draconian DRM like so many gamers have done lately, but this product does one inexcusable thing on install.  I was "upgrading" from Office 2007 Pro to 2010 Home and Student.  I was well aware that this version didnt come with Access or Outlook, but I WAS COMPLETELY UNAWARE THAT 2010 WOULD REMOVE MY EXISTING ACCESS 2007 AND OUTLOOK 2007 FROM MY COMPUTER WITHOUT MY PERMISSION!  There is no excuse for this type of behavior and it is making me consider re-installing 2007 instead of this junk!  (When I have time, I will attempt to re-install Outlook and Access 2007 from that disk and see what happens, but even if that works, this is inexcusable.)
Office 2010 Home and student edition ( Family Pack) with WORD, EXCEL, POWERPOINT and ONENOTE installs at a variable rate depending on your PC hardware.The visual install, looks like it has delivered you the whole suite, but thats just a fool-ya, or a Got-cha. Click on anything you did not buy in the option you chose, oops, another sales pitch. This version has so many similarities with its web page cousins that it is just beyond a joke, except that it has the big brand at the top "Not for Commercial use", an alternative that all other Office Versions, Open Office,  X5, and more do NOT display. The file page is quite literally massive in WORD with all its options for save , send open, Sharepoint, etc, and the Templates , the permisions , sharing and Versions components look nightmarish. EXCEL has the same set of web-like displays,same as Powerpoint. One Note does I admit look kind of intriguing, but why does a "Not for commercial use" edition have its front page with the Graphic of Notebooks "Work", "Personal", and "Classes"; shouldn't "work" be "taken" out since it is ipso facto for commercial use ? Although , it must be noted that One Note does have the general structure of the Web like WORD, EXCEL and POWERPOINT. Overall, the reduced function,  limited range, and the continuation of the annoying ribbon make this Office cutdown, not worth it ( Office without Outlook is like Smart Suite without Lotus Notes); Even Word Perfect Office X5 is a better deal with more to offer and less to restrict, the full version even has a free sharepoint server, where-as Office 2010 is simply Sharepoint compatible.After initial installation, before opening any Office component, you are offered access to the Microsoft version of the "cloud" ( at least that is what it looks like), and I have more concerns about the security issues with the "Cloud" as MS offers it than any other form of the cloud I have seen( plus if the MS Cloud Outages continue, then this could be rather precedent setting). And, if you happen to run TREND MICRO anti-virus applications on your PC, then the Office 2010 setup will be a most disagreeable meal for TREND and you must divest yourself of Trend Micro , at least for the moment.All in all another dis-tasteful new generation Office Experience.
As we have more gadgets that contain our data, there is definitely a need for synchronization software product like Syncables 360 Premium (from now on referred as Syncables), so that we can have data updated on all of the devices running Windows, Mac OS, Linux, and smartphone operating systems.I tried running this software on both Ubuntu Linux 10.04 and Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard.Installation on Ubuntu Linux 10.04 was difficult, because Syncables doesn't provide any instructions, other than telling you to insert the CD and double-click the icon Syncables360.deb. On my first try, the installation stopped in the midddle, and the computer opened a terminal window filled with tiny texts that indicated there was an error. It said that I need to install Java first. So I searched for and installed Java, although I wasn't sure if it was the correct one. Afterward, the installation was able to complete without error. I needed to enter a product activation key and my email address to finish the installation. But where is the program? I could not find it on the desktop or under the programs pull-down menu. After a lot of manual searching, I finally found an icon named Syncables360 under /opt/syncables/usr. When I clicked on that icon, it then started to install the Adobe AIR program, which is a pre-requisite. After that was done, I was then able to get the Syncables 360 program running.Installation on the Mac OS X was a little easier; it is also required to have Adobe AIR installed before Syncables can proceed to install. Again, I also had to enter the same product activation key and my email address for the Mac version.Limitations:1. File synchronization can take place only through USB drives/cables and Ethernet LAN, not over the Internet.2. Synchronization directories are limited to four (/pictures, /music, /movies, and /documents). I can change to other directories, but the program can only handle four in a sync session. This severely limits the usefulness and flexibility of the program.The software screen layout is identical on all three operating system platforms, but its functionality is restricted to only pictures, music, video, documents, email, and bookmarks that are located in their default directories.Unless your synchronization needs are very basic, I would not recommend this program.
I was not really impressed with this software and ended up uninstalling it. It installed OK, but even though I had a desktop and a laptop I really did not find much use for it.I rarely have the need for syncing my two computers and prefer to manually upload photos & videos to Facebook and Youtube etc.It is pretty limited in what it does thus will only appeal to a narrow audience and I am not one of them!Sorry, I do not recommend it!
For a product that doesn't allow sync over the Internet and wants to charge extra for syncing among multiple systems it would seem this would be a basic edition and not labeled as a premium edition.I did not risk my entire data set with this product. My backup process is primary system, server backup, then off-site storage. The idea of syncing files is always risky, since you are trusting the application to make decisions on what to update, what data should overwrite other data, and if you are trying to sync a smartphone, laptop, desktop, tablet or any combination of 3+ devices.If you have a simple setup, such as auto syncing from one system to a backup hard drive, this product should work fine. Otherwise, with more complicated setups or with critical data files I would take a different route.
I tried to check this software out by installing it on my work computer but it was not able to get pass the firewall. The program flagged a message saying that I needed to disable the firewall and anti-virus programs in order to continue. I disabled the firewall function on the computer but it still did not install properly. The worst part was that the program appeared to hang up afterward. I would not recommend this product.
When I got Syncables 360 Premium I was hoping to be able to enter that otherworldly place of syncing Utopia.  You know the one, the place where you simply install, set up and everything works seamlessly and all of your files and photos sync up perfectly?  Well, I was sadly disappointed. The syncing did not work all that well for me.  Mac syncing was a problem.
I have Win 7 and a semi-smart phone (not a true smart phone.) I found this difficult to set up, maybe I'm just not technically savvy enough but it really didn't help me sync my PC with my phone (probably wrong OS or wrong phone.) So I didn't find it helpful for me. Your Mileage May Vary.
Ever have a product that you really looked forward to working with, to making computing tasks easier and more automated, only to find that it didn't?Syncables 360 Premiumseems to fall into that category.Putting it simply, this software turned out to be a waste of time, and I'll try to explain simply. I have a number of computers that I regularly work with, but wanted to get a reasonable software or hardware solution to be able to backup, sync and migrate between them. Had mentioned this product to a friend who had more experience than me doing just this, and he advised me to look elsewhere; I didn't listen, for the simple reason that he's anti-Mac and vocal about it. The computers that I wanted to be able to access and collaborate between are:* Older HP tower running Windows XP (SP3)* New notebook PC running Windows 7* MacBook Pro running OS XInstallation:This part was simple and fast. All that's required is to make an ID on the Syncables Website to register the product and the computers to be associated with it.Setup:This where the first problems started. The installation for the second computer has to be installed from the first one... but no note had been made that the Windows firewall had to be disabled, along with any antivirus software. The download bar hadn't budged after half an hour.Interface:This seems to be very attractive and slick.Syncing:Installed it on both of the PCs, went through the process of sharing media folders, etc. Yet the computers couldn't "see" each other. Very strange.Support:Their Website support section is a joke. Go there to their "Help Center" and read their "Welcome! How can we help you?" section. You may enjoy exploring all of the topics listed there; I did not, as it seemed to be leading to what would be a waste of time. It was, completely.Phone Support:What? Where? At this point I stopped, as there are much easier ways of working between computers, and when I saw the goofy response there regarding Mac OS Lion, I just felt that the hours that I had spent were a complete waste of time.Summary:Don't waste your time unless you've a lot of it to waste. Just google DropBox, which will allow you to sync files between PCs and Macs with ease over the 'Net.
I wish it would have worked as described. With great hopes I installed it on my 2 computers and thought that wireless data transfer and syncing will be awesome. However, it didn't worked at all. Here is my detailed review:Machines: 2 computers, Windows 7 OS. One is a mobile workstation and other is a Dell laptop setup as a desktop (connected to a 24" monitor, external hard drives, & keyboard).Wireless Network: Blazing fast Wi-Fi throughCisco-Linksys E3000 High-Performance Wireless-N RouterMyself: Techie who likes to stay on the cutting edge.Syncables Experience:Installation - Very easy and quick. You have to make an id on Syncables website to register your product and all the computers associated with it.Set-up on multiple computers - Painful. You have to download the installation package for second computer from the first installation. It took 15-20 mins and the download bar didn't moved at all. Software had to be forced closed. Little bit of online research revealed blocking by Windows Firewall. Why didn't the installation itself give me any warning to disable firewalls and anti-virus at first place?Interface: Very smooth, slick, and intuitive.Syncing - This never happened.I was able to install it on both computers, share the media folders, and check off the box for sharing the library on home network. Even after that none of the computer could see each other on their slick interface.Support - Website support is awful. I couldn't log in to post my questions using the same log-in credentials which I used to register my software. The questions from other users who faced similar problems were answered in a very rudimentary and traditional way like "make sure the software is running on both computers", "check off the box to share your library", etc.Phone Support - None available or at least, I couldn't find it on their website. After all this fiasco, I really didn't bothered to create a new user id on their support center and submit a ticket to get a standard checklist response. Thanks, but No Thanks!Overall Recommendation - Stay away from this software!
I was so excited to try this out.  What a great idea, syncing everything up on two computers.Ok Im bummed. I could not get it to work at all.  I was trying to load it onto a 2006 Dell Inspiron desktop using XP.  I didnt think it was a dinosaur yet..I put the disc in, and could hear the thing firing up and then it would stop. I would take it out and try again.  Finally I could tell it was loading but the computer was making a lot of noise, as if it was having some kind of troubleI took it out and the disc was hot!  I may have just gotten a lemon, I am not sure because other discs still play..I see others have had this same problemThanks for readingLinda
Guest Reviewer ! MRS. KNOW IT ALL ;-bThis is a nice product, as it allows you to keeps your files up to date or as we would say - "Synced".  If you use multiple computers (PCs, MACS, Linux), Blackberry or other Windows smartphones, you will not have to worry about where you saved the file last.  But, it is time consuming in setting up the files you want to sync and you have to always have the program running.  This software allows files to be assessable from any source you have synced via a network or USB cable.  Which I feel is a BIG FLAW, as it does not allow synchronization over the Internet.  In today's world this should be an automatic programmed feature, which is where I think they missed the mark on this version of the software.  There are other FREE sync services that do run over the Internet, so I would expect more from a service I would pay for.  Another issue is that is only allows the sync to work with up to three computers, if you want to link more, you have to upgrade the package.  But, what does Syncables offer that the FREE services do not---they offer media previewing, synchronizing contacts (that is a very nice feature), data migration, and being able to easily share photos on social networking sites such as Flickr and Facebook.  So, in the end, it is not a bad product, but I just wish it worked over the Internet.  I hear there is one in the works, so maybe you should pass on this one until they get that feature up and working.
I am running Windows 7 on all my computers. I tried installing this twice, and never got it to work. I did everything it suggessted to no avail. I finally gave up on it.
When I first got Syncables 360, I installed it on two Windows 7 systems and simply could not get it to work.  Neither system could "see" the other.  I put it aside for a month or more and then came back to it.  I don't know what I did different this time, but I succeeded in activating both installations and they could see each other on my local network. So far, so good.I'll take a moment to comment about the complexity of installing on additional devices.  You install on the first computer, entering a serial number and then creating an account with email and password.  To install on additional Windows computers, you have the program write an installer with license to a USB key. (I did not try the Mac version.)  The instructions tell you to remember the email address, but don't mention that you also need the serial number and password.My frustrations were not over.  Syncables claims to "sync" multiple computers, but this version, at least, doesn't do what I'd call sync.  What it does is copy content from a source computer to a destination computer.  If the content already exists on the target, you may be presented with a series of dialog boxes asking you to confirm overwrites. And what if you dare to NOT want to sync contacts, email or bookmarks?  You get a dialog box for those too.  It claims to be able to sync on a schedule, or automatically when the other computer is seen on your local network, but I never got that to work.And therein lies another rub with Syncables 360 - you can only sync when the source and target are on the same local network.  The main reason for this is the way Syncables works.  Unlike some other synchronization solutions that use the company's servers as intermediate storage, Syncables is strictly a "peer to peer" solution, copying from one powered-on device to another.  So both devices need to be running in order to sync anything.I did not like the user interface either.  It is based on Adobe Air, which is sort of a standalone Flash environment.  It doesn't feel like a regular application and the responsiveness of the application often lags. You need to run the application in order to do a manual sync - assuming that, like me, you can't get the automatic syncing to work.  There is a background process that runs so the automatic or scheduled syncing is supposed to be there, I guess.When you set up a collection of folders to sync, you can optionally set a password (not the same as your account password) which other devices must specify in order to be able to sync with this one.  That's fine.  But you had better be sure to write down the password, as there seems to be no way to recover it or recreate the collection without a password if you forgot it.  The best you can do is see how many characters it is.  I tried finding help for this issue on the Syncables web site, but the "FAQ" there was sparse, littered with typos, and had no discussion of collection passwords at all. Luckily I did finally remember what I had used or else this review would be much shorter.Syncables 360 does claim to support Linux and Mac OS systems, as well as Blackberry and Windows Mobile (6.0 or greater) smartphones.  No iPhone support, I see.  This multiplatform compatibility is a plus, if it works.  I did not test it, I see other reviewers did with mixed success.  You are allowed to activate three devices with the normal Syncables 360 Premium license - you can buy support for an additional two devices for a total of five.Shortly after I received this version (6) of Syncables 360 to review, the vendor announced version 7 which claims to add two-way synchronization.  Looking at the Syncables web site, I don't see any discounted upgrade path available for owners of the previous version.I think there are better solutions on the market than Syncables 360.  I use SugarSync which supports Windows and Mac, plus iPhone, Android, Windows Mobile, Blackberry and Symbian phones plus the iPad.  SugarSync is a "cloud" solution which stores a copy of your files on a server and lets you sync anywhere you have network access.  On the downside, there is a storage limit for SugarSync which Syncables doesn't have, as well as a monthly fee. Compare the various solutions to see which one best fits your needs - in some cases, Syncables might be right for you.  It isn't for me.
Software is always a mixed bag. It works on some computers but not others. It might work on your operating system or not, normally you don't know until you try it and then it is too late to return it.This software was provided free of charge for me to test it and review it. I think I still paid too much. After 2 hours of being frustrated, I gave up. Nothing was transferred or sync'ed because the program just failed to work--no matter how much I played with it. Yes, like others I tried their website help which only made things worse. I have uninstalled it on both machines and never plan to waste another minute on it. Perhaps your experience will be better but this is what happened to me.
Current Office 2007 users won't find any surprises in the 2010 version: the interface is the same tabbed interface that remains a mixed blessing --at best-- for those who were experienced users of Office 2003 and earlier versions, and are still a little awkward with the tabbed/ribbon interface. Even with minor tweaks, Office 2010 offers essentially the same user experience as Office 2007.Installation of Office 2010 on a desktop computer(4 GB RAM, 3GHZ Intel dual core processor) running Windows 7 Professional (and with an existing Office 2003 Professional version already installed) took about 20 minutes. Installation was trouble-free. Although the document history entries in the Windows start menu were erased after the install, the recent documents history were available within each of the Office applications. I don't use Outlook for email at home, but do use it for calendaring. All of my existing calendar entries and display/printing preferences were preserved and displayed immediately in Outlook; it also recognized my preference to start Outlook in the calendar view).While the interface is familiar, application launch time is slightly faster, and there is improved feedback to users on recent files accessed in a navigation pane that appears under the File tab.So, with a familiar interface, a problem-free install and apparent improvements in navigation and responsiveness...why 2 stars? Because the Office Professional suite is very expensive. The only reason I'm doing this review is because I had access to a deeply discounted purchase price via an educational licensing agreement.  But if you are currently running an earlier version of Office, I can't offer a single compelling reason to sink anywhere from 220 dollars (for a product key to activate the trial versions on new PCs) to more than 400 dollars (for a version delivered on DVD) for the consumer retail pricing. This suite is overpriced no matter how you slice it, and the lack of an upgrade price and package --which Microsoft touts as "simplified"-- makes it more so.If you have very basic productivity suite needs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) you can consider the stripped down"student version"instead for much less...if your needs don't include Outlook, Access or Publisher. Alternatively, if you have an affiliation with an educational institution that has an academic licensing arrangement, you should have a access to a very reasonably priced Professional version. Many businesses also have arrangements for "use at home" versions at deep discounts. Consider this also.Otherwise, unless you're just a "current version junkie" who enjoys having the latest and greatest version of every application, I can't offer a good case for spending this much on a set of tools that looks, feels and performs almost exactly like its predecessor.
I was very excited to have a copy of CorelDRAW Graphics Suite. I have photoshop, and find that actually drawing with it or other adobe products is very non-intuitive. I used Corel web designing software many years ago, and loved how easy to use it was, and what great results it produced. I installed this software on my notebook computer however, and have never been able to get the simplist thing accomplished with it. The beautiful book that accompanied it was totally blank, but it makes a nice sketch book. I tried to design a simple business card for example, and got nothing but error messages every way I turned. I finally gave up, designed cards online, and ordered them that way. A very big disappointment!
I used to be a Paint Shop Pro fanatic, so I really wanted to like this.  Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations.  The program is unstable.  It is constantly crashing and taking my work with it.  The tools are not well designed, either.  They don't feel intuitive, and even with the on screen tutorial I sometimes feel like I am working against them.  I have used Adobe Illustrator without any problems.  In general, I just don't think this is worth the money.
Was very unimpressed with this product. The templates were not very original and looked a lot like old school Front Page and Microsoft style circa 1995.  Not worth it.
To register this software you must call a number and be subjected to an extreme sales pitch to upgrade. After that you find that this is a page publisher like MS Publisher to create newsletters etc. There are some useful features but it will feel clunky to those used to the Microsoft interface or even Photoshop Elements etc.Overall, this is a good entry level software if you can avoid the registration hassle. I'd evaluate the free trial version before going in for the purchase.
I have been using a computer for a long time, but this software just baffled me.  I had a terrible time getting it to load, and when it finally seemed to appear to load I would get a lot of pop-ups that wee interfering with the whole process.  Im using xp, and maybe that is causing the problem.After several attempts, I got it to load.at least the icon is there. Clicking didnt work so I right clicked it to open and it needed me to register which I did  Unfortunately when  I clicked the icon, the whole process began again.  It cant seem to get past this phase
Twenty years ago I would have considered this a decent learning tool.  But users have many far better options for learning Office 2010 than this product.Office 2010 does require training.  I used it for a month before I figured out where they moved some of the Excel print functions. I went through 8 hours of online training with Word before I switched to it and I have taught Office at a graduate level.This software had problems from the start.  Autostart failed, so I opened it manually.  You have to install any application you want to your hard drive so I installed Word (333 MB after update).  I skipped registration.When I tried to run it (no desktop shortcut), the install disk ran furiously in player but the application failed to open.  Rebooted, tried again, and was prompted to update.I found the training to be slow, clunky, and not very useful.  There is no animation, only verbal and written instructions and prompts that occasionally appear.  It wasn't always clear if you were supposed to do something or just click next.I was unable to uninstall the software either through Windows or the application itself.  I finally used JV16 PowerTools to remove all traces.Instead, I recommend that you subscribe to Lynda dot com.  For $25 you have access to all their video training for one month (might be able to get the first month free).  You don't have to download anything to your computer, the training is broken down into small segments so you can target exactly what you need, the training is as fast clipped as you want it to be and you can see exactly what you need to do.I do IT training and I can't recommend this software.
I gave WebPlus a shot and I came out more confused than anything else.I don't like having to call them to get the product code to finish setting up the programme. Nor do I care for a sales presentation to upgrade. Already, I've lost interest in the programme.Templates are lack lustre and It seem to take a long time to get a web page set up like I want.All-in-all, I just dumped the software and never looked back.
I'm a web developer by trade, so I was interested in the sites this product would produce. I built a test site, which actually took me a bit longer than if I would have coded it by hand. However, I understand that not everybody is going to go out and learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (though it's a good idea if you're doing your own web development).This product is designed for the small business owner or individual who wants to put up a web presence, but can't afford to hire someone and doesn't know how to code. In that respect it's just an OK solution. The product allows you to create template-based, very pretty web sites. You can even edit images without leaving the interface.To be clear, though, this is a product you have to learn. I found using it to be relatively complicated. Sure I could build and edit pages quickly, but I had to go to help to figure out how to rename pages, and do a lot of things that should have been intuitive. For someone who doesn't understand the importance of things like search-engine friendly page names, this is going to be a real drawback. The product does offer extensive help and tutorial videos, just expect that it will take a lot of time to build all but the most basic of sites.As far as the layout engine is concerned, it produces some rather strange results if, for example, your content extends beyond the edge of the page. It will actually get cut off unless you understand overflow and kind find a way to change that setting. While this sort-of makes sense if this was a printed page layout program, this is pretty broken as far as a web paradigm goes.If you want a brochure-like site with a few pages, this tool may be a good investment. For anything else, most hosting companies will provide better page-builders as part of hosting packages.
First, let me say that I really, really hate forced marketing.  With this product, it seemed that was what happened.  To use the product, you must first go through a sales pitch.  I hate sales pitches.  Particularly if I've already got the product.Additionally, the product is supposed to be "easy" and for beginners, but that was just not the case.  I am not a beginner, I design websites using code and other advanced design software, however when using the software I found several areas that would be very frustrating if the user was truly a beginner.I cannot recommend this software.
First, Serif is a bit of a pain with registration.  They tell you to call them to register the product, but you can also register online through their support site.  You will need the information on the registration screen within the program, but it is very easy to do if you know to do it.  I have gotten Serif software before and had forgotten that you can do it online.  I made the call to their registration line and since I live in the pacific time zone by the time I called at around 6pm, the line was closed (they close at 8pm eastern/5pm pacific).  I have a day job and rushing home to register software isn't a priority.After finishing the registration process, I went about trying to put together a web site.  I write lots of book reviews and have a blog that I use through a pre-done blogging site, but figured I would try to create my own and even register my own domain name since Serif includes 12 months of web hosting with the software.  I used the "Book Club" template to begin the process.  If only it were a bit more simple to use.  They have plenty of tutorials online to explain how to do it, but even the design templates seemed complicated to modify.  Plus, all the templates are in Latin, so they don't give any good ideas on what you should put in certain places.  I had trouble replacing the hyperlinks already created and going through and changing everything was quite a pain (there was a list of "book reviews" that was long and a pain to delete or replace).  I finally gave up on using the program because it was just taking too much time and didn't quite seem to make enough sense.  I decided to just stick with the online blogging setup.  It does enough for me and I can always register a domain name on my own.I can see how this might be helpful to set up a site that is exactly like one of the templates (like the family picture gallery, baby site, or a club site), but if you want to deviate from it a little, it is not a simple click or two and all ready to go.Overall, I was just not to happy with how the software works.  It is more complicated than necessary and honestly, the Latin on all the pages just bugs me.  I used FrontPage many years ago and even though it was not perfect, I prefer it to this.
Being responsible for a website with several pages, I was hoping that Serif's WebPlus Essentials would prove useful in creating an even better web product. Installation out of the box went off without a hitch. Upon starting the program the user is confronted with the registration reminder that requires two clicks to dismiss. And no, there is no check box option to dismiss the reminder for good. Other reviewers have gone through the registration process that turned into Serif's up-sell opportunity and their comments were enough to convince me that I would not register, no matter how good the benefits are.I found the interface counter-intuitive and not well laid-out. Having already put in a significant amount of effort on my website, I was hoping that I could use Serif's software to edit the html pages I already created. To my disappointment, Serif refuses to display those webpages.In using Serif to try and create a website, I found that the integrated WYSIWYG website builder tool offered by my webhost was actually superior to this product. Each have the same sets of features (i.e. pictures, search engine optimization, html page titles), but the integrated website builder made those features more accessible, while Serif buried some of those features deep inside the program.
I got this product through amazon vine for the purposes of reviewing it. And was surprised that you have to call a human on the phone in order to 'register' it, who then will not take NO for an answer that you don't want to 'upgrade' it! That experience was bad enough, I hate wasting time on the phone. And according to the sales person, the product I have is already out of date. I have built many websites over the years, using Shopfactory and EZGenerator, and found those to be very flexible, with a large number of templates, and easy to use (EZGen v 4 is much more difficult than in the past). Bottom line on WebPlus, it is not nearly as user friendly or flexible to use, and for the price (if you get the upgrade), I certainly won't be replacing EZGenerator.
If you are looking for a simple and easy to use web designer, look elsewhere. I have built websites before and know a little bit of HTML. I used Microsoft Frontpage before I started using this. Even with some knowledge in HTML, I had some difficulty at first trying to figure the software out. The click and drag feature is nice but it takes a while to figure uot the different layers. That part of the feature reminds me of Photoshop. If you are trying to change how a template looks, you actually have to go to the master page in order to change it. That is the page that all of the other pages are built off of.For a product you have to pay, the templates are slightly lacking as well. I did not find many that would be very useful. This is definitely a product more suited for personal use than business use. Also, I found that some of the features do not work properly. For example, the form when I tried to preview it did not work as intended. Also, the form is set up in HTML format so it tries to open up your mail program when it tries to send out the information instead of directly sending it to the recipient. Furthermore, if you want to set up a form that would e-mail the information straight to you, it still does require web language knowledge, such as PHP.The registration process is also tedious. It asks you to call a number and doesn't even tell you that this is possible via online. Also, the online process took a lot longer than other product registrations.Now, again, I did enjoy the ease of just dragging texts onto the page. I also enjoyed that it was very easy to create a navigation bar and then as you went and added your pages, it automatically added the link into the navigation. Another good feature of this is that you can insert a slideshow in there, whether it be flash or javascript. This was very easy to do and all you have to do is just insert the pictures that you want to show up in the photo gallery.My biggest issue with this software that brought down the ratings is that when I was almost finished with the website, I went to try and fix some thing on it, and I pretty much lost all of it. The pictures all became big x's and a lot of content become not readable. It also could not save properly. I tried to fix it but ended up having to re-do it all over again. That costed me a lot of time. So I suggest that if you do get this, make sure to enable the backup feature. This can be done under Tools -> Options -> General and then check create .backup file on save.There are some nifty features to this software, where it is very easy to drag and drop text and pictures. However, if you want a more advanced site, it definitely requires some web language knowledge.
I do not understand why it is nesessary to buy this software when there are hundreds of companies online that do not require so much work from customers. I received it for free thinking it would be better and have more options, but it is just another company trying to get you to spend a lot more once you let them in a door.
I thought I was getting a DVD of AutoCAD instead of it being on a USB Flash Drive.  No instructions came with it, guess they were on the flash drive.  I put the program in my USB port and all it did was give me a blue screen.  I waited longer than I needed to for it to load but the screen stayed blue.  My husband put it on his computer and got the same thing.  Without it not loading onto one of our computers we are not able to give a review on it.  We don't want to try it again for the reason it could mess up drivers.  We both experienced problems with our computers after trying to install it and after some work we got our computers working again.
Why buy WinZip Standard if zip support is already built into Windows? If you don't use zip archives frequently, then there's no reason to buy WinZip; Windows does simple jobs perfectly well. But if you want better compression ratios, better integration with Windows 7, and extras such as making it easier to zip and mail archives, it's worth paying for.WinZip 14 Standard will work with previous versions of Windows, not just Windows 7, and adds a new feature for all Windows users--improved security for encrypted files. It will automatically destroy temporary, created-for-viewing, copies of encrypted files. It also will work with Intel-based hardware that uses built-in AES encryption.If Windows 7 didn't have this built in, it would be a good buy.
Installed this onto a relatively new Windows 7 64-bit machine. The installer crashed while installing. The system became unstable after that and wouldn't connect to the internet. Restored the system to the state it was in before installing Webroot and everything went back to being fine.May have just been an issue with the installer randomly crashing. I didn't try it again. Installed Norton instead and that went smoothly.Update 4/25/11Installed onto a different PC without any installation issues. However it crashes Firefox occasionally, slows web browsing down, and doesn't have a boot disc, so if the machine gets incapacitated by a virus you have to go buy a virus solution with a boot disc. So... still two stars.
I don't know how good of an anti-virus program this is (does anybody really know), but I find its user interface to be confusing and the program to be a resource hog. It grinds my system to a dead halt at times and I don't see anyway to customize the program to my liking. There was one instance where I accidently told the firewall to block something when it popped up that I did not want blocked and could not find anywhere to go back and change the setting. This program is all about storing your stuff online to protect it - it gives you 10 gigs of space, which is actually a pretty fair amount for free, most usually only offer 2 GB. You can also sync uploaded files between multiple computers. I think this program tries to do too much and offers too little. It has an "award winning" system cleanup, which is less than spectacular. For some reason I don't feel like my computer is "safe" running Webroot Complete. Something about seems kind of shady, and I just can't put my finger on it. I'll stick withKaspersky Internet Security 2011 3-User.Oh and by the way, I thought Webroot's Spy Sweeper was a great product. What happened?
OK, this the the last non-free AV package that I'll try. They all appear to be inferior compared to freely available products.Webroot has fewer options than Avira AntiVir (free). Just like Trend Micro, here we have an option-less setup utility. During setup, you aren't allowed to choose only the components you want, and you can't change the installation directory. Firewall, antivirus, browser toolbars, etc are all automatically installed.Additionally, you can't disable popup messages (and there are plenty of them), which can become problematic when running a full screen application. There is a gamer mode, but it's not automatic. You need to manually enable it each time you play. There is no option to specify an executable and associate gamer mode with it, so that gamer mode is enabled automatically when that executable is running. It's all manual. Does Webroot really expect me to right-click the tray icon and select "Enable gamer mode" EVERY time I launch Counter Strike Source?Again, unlike Avira, there is not "Ask user" option for what to do when a virus is detected. Detected items are immediately deleted without you ever being asked anything. If you want to work with a known false positive, you need to disable Webroot completely.Another thing to keep in mind, the software cannot be installed as trial (i.e. without having to type the license key).Back to Avira I guess.
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bI have tried many different companies PC security software and I have only found Kaspersky to be the best.  Webroot has the ability to block bad internet sites, password management, effective antivirus protection, nice feature for backup and file sharing.  But all of this comes at the cost of your computer running a little slower.  I also found that antispam is only limited to Outlook and Outlook Express and the firewall has WAY to many popup displays to validate programs and site visits--at times not warranted.  So overall, I will stick with Kaspersky software.
A friend of mine has been using Acronis True Image for a while and is pleased with it so I decided to try it as well. My experience with it has been unfavorable and as such my review shall reflect as much.I have a standard hardware configuration - a Sony Vaio laptop with no changes from the factory-delivered configuration. The software on my laptop is a different story and I use a lot of non-Microsoft 3rd party solutions, particularly my office suite (and of interest, my email client). I expected there to be few issues based on my hardware layout but I ran into some other issues that I regard as show-stoppers.My OS is Windows Vista 32-bit.I popped the CD in the drive and told the software to install, and it went to a "Copying files" message box. There is sat for a long time, with no hard drive or CD drive activity. At about the time I was ready to bring up the task manager and kill the process, the install actually started and ran smoothly from there. I am not sure what it was doing when it was just sitting there, but it is puzzling regardless. Keep this in mind when you try to install.After the install finished, the application said it required a reboot. It meant it and would not start until the system was rebooted, after which it came up without incident. This is not a complaint, but it should be noted that ignoring the request for reboot will not work if you want to start the software.I told True Image to back up my document files and it immediately complained that the source drive was NTFS and the target was FAT32 and were thus incompatible. While this makes some sense it is not clear in the limited documentation and people that have limited knowledge of file systems and drives may find themselves very frustrated. I reformatted a thumb drive and did my backup to that.After successfully completing a backup, I ran into a big issue - the application locked up the whole system when I tried to open up the drive for exploring. It locked up so hard that I had to force a power down before I could get my system back. As soon as I connected the thumb drive again, True Image immediately launched "Nonstop backup" and made accessing the thumb drive very difficult. The computer slowed to a crawl. I was able to kill the process and then explore the thumb drive without interruption.I do not use a standard email client, so when I tried to back up my email I had no way to do it. It would have been nice to have the option to specify a mail directory rather than assuming that MS Outlook and Windows Mail are the only options.With the thumb drive removed from the system True Image continued to offer a FAT32 drive for backing up my NTFS drive - and telling me that I couldn't use that drive for backup of an NTFS drive.My experience with Acronis True Image Home 2011 was a frustrating one and I cannot recommend it on that basis. It has some nice features, and the interface is polished, but the features about which I care have proven to be sketchy at best on my system - and my configuration is not so highly unusual to cause reason for issues. Other users have had good success with it, and I recommend reading additional reviews from both happy and unhappy customers before investing in this software.
I have been a fan of Acronis since 2007. It was the best cloning software period. While this suite still has its cloning, it has all the bells and whistles that aren't good period. Even worse yet they are pushing a "cloud based" back up solution which you would have to pay extra for (well for any backup greater than 2GB). Finally the "non-stop" back-up freezes making sure it really is non-stop.If it weren't for these "upgrades" I'd still love Acronis. Had they stuck to being the best backup and recovery  program for cloning drives, I would be.Acronis - please go back to the basics.
I have used Acronis for years.  True Image and Disk Director have really come along over the years.  However, this version just never seemed to work itself out.  Although I never had hardware issues with, it did not seem to run well in Windows 7.  I was able to use the boot media without issue though.I recommend upgrading to or buying the 2012 version.  I've given Acronis a second chance with it and it has not disappointed, even with Windows 8.  I'll post a review about that one under the 2012 version.
I am going to have to start this review by saying that the installation process is rather ridiculous and unpleasant experience. You would think that the initial experience with new software would be important enough for the company to put some thought into the process, but it's terrible. I am not surprised at all that some reviewers gave up at the install process. The first thing you will encounter is a 64 character serial code that appears to be case sensitive. This is about twice the size of typical serial codes.  This might be some low tech piracy defense which I can certainly tell you will not work. All it does is annoy the customer. But don't worry, if you got to this point, you're lucky. Upon tell True Image to go ahead and install... nothing seems to happen at all. I waited for the UAC to pop up and ask if I will allow the program to continue. A seven minutes later, I was certain the thing crashed as there was no indication whatsoever that anything was happening. At this point, I tried again and got the same results. It seemed that nothing was happening. I am using Win 7 64-bit, but this is the newer version that supposedly has very good compatibility. I walked away at this point, took care of some work around the house and when I passed the computer noticed to requests from UAC to allow True Image to continue. I had to kill one and allow the other through. At this point, the install was happening but the progress bar didn't move at all. It just sort of stagnated at the start and gave me no indication of roughly how long install should take.  Then at some point it gave me approximate remaining minutes but that just jumped up and down so real indication there either. Fortunately, this time I didn't walk away and after fairly long period of time the progress bar just sort of lurched forward towards the end.Anyway, that's enough of the install process, again many people would have lost any confidence in this product long before now, but I decided I might as well give it a go. Letting True Image back up my personal data was fairly painless and not especially large, about 54 GB. Trying to get True Image to back up my system files, however, has been a nightmare.  Like the time remaining, the space needed seems to be completely out-of-whack. It tells me the estimated space need is about 264 GB. My backup drive has 320 so no problem right... no, 2 hours 40 minutes later the drive is out of space. Okay, so I free up more space to 360 GB free. Again, it tells me it needs only 245 GB this time around... which is odd. I have no idea why the space needed would go down when the HDD has remained relatively the same. No matter, I have over 100 GB more than the program claims it needs. Nope, still not good enough, 10 minutes before the end it tells me there is not enough space and the backup cancels and removes itself again. Now I have 3 listings for "my system" to back up and no back up.I plan on getting a larger drive relatively soon. I'll try it again on a fresh drive with a heck of a lot more space on it than 300+ GBs. So far, I am not very impressed and the process has not installed confidence. I understand things like time remaining , progress bars and space needed are not exact but these estimates, the install process... what a mess.When my third drive arrives I'll try to update the review and see if I can get the system backup to actually finish the backup.
I don't "hate" this product like some reviewers here. I think the software is decent, the price is not too bad, and it has a neat control panel. In other words, if you've been using Trend Micro for years, and it works for you - I'm not trying to talk you out of it.The problem for me is, I don't know why I would ever be compelled to buy it. It's inferior to the free options out there. So if you're looking for the best protection, there is no single option that will cover all your bases. But fortunately, the best rated programs are all free.Here's what our IT staff recommends:* For Anti-Virus: Either AVAST or AVIRA. Both free, both fairly equivalent in protection, in speed, in program size, etc. They will give you some annoying popups asking if you want to upgrade, but the basic home version is both adequate & free.* For Firewall: If using Windows XP, 7, or Vista, just enable the Windows Firewall. In tests, the Windows Firewall does as well as others. Never run two firewall programs, as this can cause problems. If using an older version of Windows, use Zone Alarm (also free). Also, your router acts as a secondary firewall (even if you only have one computer hooked up).* For hijacks, redirects, popups, & malicious web sites: Use HostsMan. This tiny little program (also free) amazingly keeps a list of malicious sites and prevents them from loading on your browser.* For emergencies: Install these programs just in case - Spybot Search & Destroy, C-Cleaner, & Malwarebytes Anti-Malware. Run C-Cleaner once a week - to keep your system running optimally, to clean up unwanted files, and clean your registry. The other two programs are to run just in case you have a problem, and it's super handy to already have them on your computer in case a virus or hijack is preventing internet access.So I can't really recommend the Trend Micro, but I'll go ahead and share my experience with it:-Install was a nightmare process, slows down boot time, bulky program.-I really don't like the free online backup, because you are forced to renew every 12 months. In my opinion it's a marketing gimmick to get you to renew, when there are many options out there which are better (and free). For important files, I back up manually on Google Docs. For bookmarks, backup on Google Bookmarks. For backup of everyday programs and files, there are about a dozen reliable (and light) programs out there.-Does not block some of the malicious sites, hijacks, and redirects out there. Instead, make sure you use HostsMan.I hope this saves you both money & time. Good luck!
The Good:* Installs in a few, quick steps* Security scans do the job* Has some features catered to laptop usersThe Bad:* Link to program conflicts goes to the wrong web site* Parental controls have fewer features than Windows Vista* Many feature controls are too coarse grained* Default scan features are too infrequent* Free tools are really just trials/demos of varying lengths* System Tuner run resulted in blue screenOverall:I got Trend Micro's Titanium Maximum Security 2011 because I wanted something that would be easy to use and provide good security and tools.  Here's how it performed:INSTALLATION:  I popped the CD into my desktop, and I was presented with options to install, explore the CD, view incompatible programs, or watch installation guides.  I hadn't considered incompatible programs so I decided to start here.  Clicking this option launched a browser with a page on Trend's web site that was unrelated to what I had selected.  This doesn't seem like a very well thought out option if they change the link that the CD uses.I browsed around their web site and found what I was looking for in their FAQ.  There wasn't much of interest other than other anti-virus and security software from Trend and competitors.  I had already uninstalled my previous software (AVG Free); thus, there wasn't anything else I needed to do.Going back to the auto-run menu, I selected install.  The process is straightforward although a little slow.  While I don't have metrics to back this up, I would say that in perceived install time it is 2-3 times slower than AVG.SETUP:  I am using Windows Vista, and I had to tell Windows not to monitor Trend Micro for Anti-virus software because it would crash the Trend Console app.  This seems like an odd conflict, but I'm not sure which software is at fault.By default the anti-virus and spyware scans are all that are set up, and these are set for weekly scans.  This is not obvious to the user as you have to go into "Settings" to see this.  You also have to go in here to turn on the firewall booster.The System Tuner is off by default, and it can only be scheduled to run monthly on the 1st, 15th, or 28th of the month.  This lack of flexibility seems unusual, and I consider it a negative.  I would like to be able to run it weekly during the early morning hours, but no such luck.Parental Controls are pretty basic, and there's really less available here than Windows gives by default.  There is no ability to filter specific web sites or set program limits.  I consider this feature to be especially weak.The Data Theft Prevention controls allow blocking credit card data and other personal or sensitive info from being entered in web pages or e-mails.  Like the Parental Controls this is very coarse grained, and it seems like you get to choose between preventing all (including legit commerce) and nothing.The Trend Micro Vault seems like it is geared toward laptop users.  It allows you to create a vault folder that you seal with a password.  I don't really have a need for this on my desktop; thus, this feature is of little interest to me.Secure Erase is an intriguing feature as it attempts to act like a digital shredder.  In addition to removing the location to the file, it overwrites the data seven times.  It seems like this is also geared toward laptop users who have a risk of data theft.  It is limited to files; however, and it would be more useful if it could easily "shred" data from browsers.  There may be a way to make this happen by point to your cache files, but that goes against the "easy to use" requirement I have.The Free Tool Center is a bit of a misnomer.  Nothing is really free - even the 10 Gb of data sync.  It is only good for one year, and it requires a subscription afterward.  None of the trials seem worth the hassle of having to cancel to later on.SCAN PERFORMANCE:  A quick scan completed in a couple of minutes and found nothing.  The full scan ran for almost an hour, but it found a couple of files that were spyware threats.  I used the Secure Erase feature to delete these files.SYSTEM TUNER:  Shortly after progressing past setting the restore point, my computer blue screened.  I have disabled this feature.OVERALL:  Trend Micro Titanium Maximum Security seems good on paper, but based on performance I have to recommend against this product.  The more basic products might be a better choice.
OK, I am a Vine reviewer and I wish I could actually put in a good, decent review based on the actual program itself but I couldn't get this installed on my system. I ran the installation disk 3 times with no success. The system requirements listed do not match my system, which I unfortunately didn't look into before buying. If you are running a computer that uses Visa with 800 MHZ and at LEAST 500 GB of disk space...or any form of Windows 7, then you should be fine. My system is just a LITTLE too dated for this and doesn't meet the 500 gb expected standard. Also, It won't let me continue with the installing of the programs because it is requiring me to remove all other Antivirus programs. It is listing Norton on my computer as a conflicting program but I have 100% completely removed my Norton 360 prior and even used Windows Clean Up to get every last trace of it off the drive but this STILL is detecting it and not allowing continuation of the process. Very strange. Oh well. I'm sure it is a great antivirus/protection/security suite program despite my not being able to get it installed. Trend Micro always delivers good, reliable protection. I just wish I could get this installed!!!! Frustrated!!!
Updated:  Well, after using this product for a couple of weeks now, I have noticed a significant slowdown in startup times, and opening a browser window.  I have also been infected with my first malware.  All that has changed with my system is this product.  I am no longer pleased with the level of protection or performance offered by this product.I've been using Trend Micro products for a good 5-6 years.  When I began using it the price was lower than McAfee and Norton, that no longer seems to be a selling point as they are all priced about the same.  I have never experienced the performance problems common with the two aforementioned competitors.  My pc's do not get progressively slower.  Installation of this new version took about 30 minutes on both my dual core desktop and laptop.  One reboot was required after the old version is uninstalled.  I was surprised that after the installation it did not want to do a full scan.  It could be because I replaced another Trend Micro product, but I'm not sure.  I've never gotten a virus while using Trend Micro.  It rarely blocks sites that it shouldn't, so I think they keep their harmful sites list updated.  The software updates seem to be happening faster than with the previous version.  I do notice a longer delay when starting Firefox for the first time, but no lags after that.  I do wish they would cut down on the number of versions, maybe down to two, one with parental controls, one without.
I've used Trend Micro on all my systems for several years now. I got some malware on one of my computers and reloaded the system on my latop. Since its an older system with only two gig of ram I was especially concerned about having protection that did not weigh down my system. I loaded this before adding any other programs and the drag was very pronounced. I won't be using it.
Trend Micro reminds me of that annoying know-it-all everyone had in their class.  Talks way too much without much to say and constantly tries to correct everything you do.  Trend Micro is incredibly invasive and annoying as a security suite.  For example, for compatibility reasons, I had to avoid an update on Windows and each and every day the software reminds me to do that update and interrupts my workflow with its annoying dialog box.  According to tech support, there is no way to control these warnings.Upon installation, the program claims it is incompatible with almost any other passive or active malware scanner.  Considering the passive scanners such as Malwarebytes AntiMalware software, not only is Trend Micro incorrect that their program conflicts, but forcing an uninstall of such an important program is downright anti-competitive.  Trend Micro isn't perfect and should allow the user to install whatever program they wish.I tried Trend Micro both with and without Malwarebytes AntiMalware and no difference.  Frequently Trend Micro would lock up  and force me to restart my computer.  I had no problems with antivirus software locking up my computer before this when I was running either a Norton product or Microsoft's security essentials.Finally, after continual usage,  numerous programs had trouble with the built-in firewall and even turning off the firewall functions in the suite did not fix the problems.  My only solution was uninstalling.  I uninstalled and haven't put it back!  My system has returned to reliable stable operation.  I regret ever putting Trend Micro on my computer, even though it was for a relatively short period of time
I had installed this on one of my laptops that I let my friends use when they come over as I know they have a tendency to infect their own computers all the time and I don't want to have to deal with them on my much more important machines that house a lot of my paid graphics work.After starting the install it wanted me to uninstall a lot of the other tools that I like to use, like spybot S&D;, I thought whatever lets go for it, then it wanted me to uninstall some other programs that I use. Then I started thinking something was up... It just seems like they don't want competition so they make you get rid of all kinds of other things. After installing I simply reinstalled the other programs and am still using them on that laptop but I ultimately ended up uninstalling Trend Micro as it just sucks up too many resources. It states that it is a "light" program on resources but that might be true for computers with tons of ram and processing power but it still eats up power and ram like a beast on my laptop. NOT PLEASED AT ALL.Also it honestly stinks at making sure you don't get infected before it does anything. Thanks to my above mentioned friends I had to wipe the whole computer 2 times and reinstall everything while still using trend micro products as it wasn't able to stop the infection in time. Another reason I stopped using it....Bottom line is that it stinks as virus protection and it sucks up resources like a champ!
The headset was ultra-cheap, probably a $5-$10 thing. It arrived with wires sticking out of it--basically unusable until I get around to having a friend thats into electronics tinker with it. I had to order another mic and I will definitely make modifications to this review when that mic arrives. I also tried using myDragon NaturallySpeaking Home, Version 11and it said it wasn't loud enough (also tried recording full blast). I will contact customer service about the latter prob and see if that can be rectified.This really is a lovely idea but I am disappointed by all the glitches and cheap quality(maybe they put as much $$ into the program as they did into the headphones??)One reviewer said that their customer service is $9.95, that is true after 90 days, but is free for the first 3 months. I know with electronics, that short warranties can be extremely irritating, my PDA bit the dust like a week or 2 after the warranty ran out. A different reviewer  described this as fururistic I think I'd prefer to describe this as retrograde---it's been around since at least the 90s and is far from popular, it also took 15-20 minutes to install. I haven't experienced a that since the early 90s
It took me a very long time to configure this program and even now I have problems. As with any speech recognition software, you need to 'teach' it to recognize your own speech patterns. I'm still fighting with it even after a month of constant use. I constantly have to check if it interpreted my commands correctly and end up doing about 50% of the work via mouse and keyboard. The rest of the configuration is little better.
this type of software is not for me.. all in all i think its too intrusive and slows down my computer. the install took a long time compared to other software and i really feel slowed down my computer.item was uninstalled.
I don't even know why I keep coming back to McAfee, it takes too much space and slows down my computer significantly. This is a fairly powerful and fast gaming computer and it still slows down. I have tried it with Kasperski and I can really notice the difference.I like McAfee because the level and modes of protection can be customized in several ways (more than Kasperski). But the problem that I have is that it MAKES MY COMPUTER SLOW!
The overall features of this software are pretty good. It takes care of your firewall settings, internet settings, etc. all from one application. But something about this software really made my PC painfully slow. I disabled the Real Time Scanning and that helped. But even then, my PC would take longer to boot up and shut down. For me that's important. Eventually, I decided to un-install the software and my PC performance was back to normal (quick boot up and quick shut down). My PC is not that old, about 4 years old with a dual core 2GHz Intel CPU. And I'm running Windows XP. I don't think I should have seen this much of a performance hit with this software. I wouldn't recommend buying this software :-(
I decided to try McAfee after not using it for a few years.  I have been using it for a little over a month and apparently have not had any malicious software attack my computer.  So I guess it is doing its job.  However, right off the bat I ran into a headache trying to register the software after installation. I had to create an account at Mcafee's website to register it but, after doing so, the software kept telling me it wasn't registered.  This was confusing, annoying and unnecessary.  I decided to leave it alone and a few hours later I received an email confirming that it was registered.  This is in contrast to Kaspersky where I only have to type in the key code and it tells me right then that it is good to go for a year.The other gripe I have about McAfee is the advertising they insist you receive.  I have never received any advertising, pop ups or other kind from Kaspersky (it reminds you the software will expire about a month before it is scheduled to do so - OK in my book).  McAfee gets intrusive and annoying with the pop ups and emails. I feel this is unacceptable for paid software.I haven't tried customer support and, quite frankly, after reading some of the bad experiences others have had, I am hoping I don't have to try.  I am giving this 2 stars because it seems to protect my computer but can't give it any more due to the annoying advertising.
i dislike this program. its junk.. you just cant rid of the thing so in fact, its almost like a virus itself! it says it will speed up your computer but i found that it really slowed it down after the install..for what it is it uses alot of memory to do these side menial tasks.not a fan.
1)Installation: 3.5/5AVG AntiVirus 2011 installation clocked in at 2 minutes and 19 seconds on my system. The installation process required no system reboots.2)Features & Ease of Use: 8.5/10The AVG AntiVirus 2011 Dashboard boasts one of the better interfaces I've seen. Its design manages to incorporate all of AVG's configurable and executable virus scanning options onto a single compact screen. Shortcut commands on the left-hand menu let you quickly launch a full virus scan of your computer, or check AVG for virus definition updates.3)Performance Testing: 4/10A good Antivirus program should not only protect your computer from Viruses but also not slow down the Performance of your computer overly by using too much of your computer's resources. I wasn't impressed with the performance speed with AVG.  I was expecting better.  I could tell AVG was scanning my PC because it took a small performance hit while AVG was running in the background.AVG is one of the most widely used free antivirus programs, but its commercial version doesn't compare well against its competitors. While AVG 2011 is slightly better than last year, it still has several issues holding it back from being one of the best antivirus programs. Until AVG can improve its Effectiveness against malware, its Performance, and its Help & Support, there are several other better alternatives available.
In a few words: after trying out this product I was not persuaded that I actually needed it and I removed it from the computer on which it was installed. And here it is why.- As a Windows 7 user I am perfectly happy with Microsoft Security Essentials, a free product that does not expire and therefore does not spam me with renewal reminders that I need to renew my subscription soon. To my knowledge, MSE works on Vista as well but I'm not sure about the XP.- There is very little if anything that  AVG offers that is not available 'for free' from other sources. For example, Windows 7 and Vista already come with their own firewall. All Web browsers come with some built-in Phishing protection and most public email providers have near-perfect Spam filters. Another worthy feature that AVG provides - the ability to flag 'dangerous' sites is either supported by browsers natively or can be enabled with free extensions.- Some of the claims on the box (marketing) can be quite funny. For example, the writing on the back of the box states that AVG provides "Hassle-free security that won't slow you down**" But, when you go to the ** fine print it reads "All security software uses memory and processor power and can therefore result in slower system performance." Another claim is that AVG 'keeps your information safe' while shopping and banking. I expect that the banks would dispute that banking is less safe absent AVG as for the overall safety of 'my information', the leaks usually originate from hackers or other agents attacking/accessing or demanding 'my information' from the banks and AVG can't protect me from that.Considering the above, I see no reason why I should pay for features and services already provided for free by my computer's operating system, browsers or email providers AND go through the hassle of annual renewals and slow down my computer in the process. If AVG offers anything 'extra' when compared to whatever I get from MSE/Chrome/Gmail, it must be very little because I didn't notice it while AVG was installed. The 2 stars rating (means "I don't like it" and in this case "I don't need it") is justified because, in my view, paying for an AVG one-year license can't be justified.___________________________________________SPECSSystem requirements - minimum requirements with 'recommended' requirements within ()- Pentium 1.5 (1.8) GHz- RAM: 512 MB- HDD space: 390 (510) MBCompatible with:- MS Windows XP- MS Vista (32/64 bit)- MS Windows 7 (32/64 bit)
It may do a good job at detecting viruses, but let's face it, if running an antivirus program throws so much junk on your system and slows it to a halt, how is that much different from just installing a virus?OK, it isn't quite that bad, and I put it on a 3 year old Vista PC rather than messing with my nice Win 7 PC, but the slowdown over Vipre was very noticeable.  When a scan starts, the computer just stops.  I almost thought it was crashed when this happened.  It didn't catch any security threats, but that's because Vipre had already kept that PC clean in the first place.  I do like the website warnings before you click on the site, but if you have a good AV program running, it will catch the problem in time anyway.In summary, this program looks nice, but it is way to system heavy!  The addition of add-ons, toolbars, etc. is inexcusable for a security program!
GUEST REVIEWER  ! MRS KNOW IT ALL ;bThis software package gives you a lot more for your money.  AVG internet security 2011 software will protect your PC from malware, malicious sites, spam filtering and not tax your computers speed.  The best part is that this software includes free identity theft recovery service and a PC tune-up utility (free one-time usage, then you have to pay).  I like the ability to at least be able to see what the tune-up utility will find----then I can run it once and then look FREE software to do the same trick.  The things I don't like about this software is that this software is not that good at removing detected malware, antiphishing is not that accurate, and the sets can be complicated to set up.  I don't think I could trust this product to give the full protection I need, so I am going to pass.
My disclaimer: I received this through Amazon Vine for free. I review EVERY product I review as though I purchased it with my own money.Last year Amazon sent meAnti-Virus & Anti-Spyware - 2 Year Subscriptionto review, which I did. Most everything I said about needing security when browsing the Internet has not changed. In essence, if you are using a Windows based PC, from Windows XP through Windows 7 and beyond, if you AREN'T running some form of antivirus/antispyware application, you're asking for trouble if it hasn't already found you.I also stand by my original review of the 2010 product stating that you can get a decent product from the free version of AVG (just do a Google search for it). It's not the best product out there, but it's free and adequately protects MOST machines. If you have the money however, purchasing a product with real support is preferred and obviously more secure with added Internet security benefits.For those wondering what the differences are between the free AVG product and Internet Security 2011, here they are:Support (despite reports on using only FAQs for support in another review, they also offer the option of emailing support for the Internet Security product; no support other than on-line FAQs for the free version of AVG)Safe Chatting/downloading through AVG shieldAntispamFirewall protection (more robust than built in Windows firewalls for the most part)Social network protection (not sure how this one works)AVG Link Scanner (checks links via Internet searches and determines if they are safe; if you have a green check mark on a link, it's supposed to be safe)Identity protection (not sure how this is supposed to work; they only reference that antivirus/antispyware protects your machine from malicious programs; that's a tenuous connection at best)Based on last year's product, getting 2011 product that offered more robust security had me intrigued.First, the install. As another reviewer states, watch what you click on. If you don't want some worthless toolbar, you have to uncheck the option during install.The install process involves clicking through the end user license agreements and all that fun, but also includes the land mines of the mostly useless AVG toolbar and that worthless download manager. Most browsers include this type of functionality and scan any downloads with whatever antivirus product you have installed, which means it really isn't necessary to install.When it comes to PC performance after installing AVG IS 2011, I have to say I'm kind of disappointed. I've used ESET for years and have never had a problem with system performance. ANY antivirus/antimalware/antispyware product will hinder your PCs performance. It's the nature of the security beast. The difference is in how perceptible the speed difference is. With AVG, you'd best not be doing anything else when it is performing a full system scan. Granted, you can set it up to scan when idle, but if you need to use it during a scan, you better stop the scan first, otherwise you will get frustrated. With regards to performance, I am completely disappointed. This is on a fairly "mainstream" performance machine. Win 7 32 bit Pro, 2 GB RAM, Core i5 processor.Another annoyance is that stupid widget thing. In order to alert you to the fact that your system isn't properly protected, AVG has this worthless and annoying widget that you'll want to turn off right away. Rather than giving you the standard taskbar pop up to alert you, they install a widget that sits on your desktop. I've never been a fan of widgets and this one doesn't change my mind.Compared to last year's product, I agree with the other reviewer that stated that this is a step down. If you have the old product and can avoid upgrading, I recommend you stay where you are or evaluate other solutions if it is time to renew.Disappointing and not worth the money. As a testament to how much I dislike this product, I am uninstalling it and paying to renew my subscription toEset Smart Security V.4.0again. They are about the same price but performance from ESET is light years above AVG's IS product. No question.And for those wondering why I'm not using the AVG 2 yr product I received last year and linked to above, I gave it to my Dad to use as otherwise his machine would have been unprotected and it was a decent program. Not so much anymore and I wouldn't subject him to this even if his license for last year's product had expired.
I think if you currently have AVG's free version and get this, you will be satisfied.  It is what you are used to with added protection and features, especially for those who do a lot of social networking.  If you are coming from another source of internet protection, your satisfaction level will vary depending on what you are switching from. While it is not the best protection that I've felt I've used...it does slow down the computer (and warns it will do that on the box) and there is no live tech help unless you pay for it (email support is available for free), it is adequate.  It isn't as confusing as many I've used and is simple and easy to navigate.*Before you install* make sure you uninstall any current virus protection you have on there, even if it is the current free AVG.  You will save yourself a lot of hassle with the installation process.  Make sure the existing is gone from your computer before starting the install.*Update* I had this installed on my parents computer and with it on there, System Tool 2011 virus got through.  AVG customer service was absolutely useless and only wanted more money to help fix it.  We figured out how to get it off and while doing so found 4 more viruses on the computer.
If you've spent much time on PCs this past decade, no doubt you recognize the familiar 4-color AVG logo from their wildly popular AVG Anti-Virus Free Edition. The free edition has been downloaded at C-Net's download.com an incredible 356 million times.This is their full-featured suite, theAVG Internet Security 3-User 2011. It's a breeze to set up, and just as easy to use.  Most all the features are configured for you right out of the box, and the features operate in the background, even the updates.  But there is a serious Achilles' heel for AVG. I'm always sensitive to resource usage of programs, especially multi-tasking programs like this one, and that's is where the AVG Suite falls behind.  Ten separate AVG processes are running in Task Manager, and the system speed slowed considerably.  I've tested Bit Defender Total Security 2011 and I use Norton 360 at work, but not even a noted resource-hog like Norton drags down performance like this. There were noticeable lags in bootup and operation, even on an advanced system such as mine, 2.66 ghz Quad-Core with 4 gb memory.  If you're system is equal or less powerful, I'd recommend against this product.Two stars for ease of setup and use.
I have not used any virus protection in years and believe it or not, my PC has been absolutely fine. I've been told by a friend - who writes computer programs for a living - that many virus protection programs have gotten too cumbersome and these companies are just out to make money by coming out with new versions every year. He told me not to click on any suspicious links or download things from strange sources - I follow his advice, and my PC is A-OK.Now, I did alright with the free AVG edition back in the day, so I was willing to give the paid version a try. I think it's on the pricey side, but my expectations were that the paid version would be superior to the free software. I was wrong.The installation was easy, but my biggest problem with this software is the inconsistency. Sometimes it stays in the background (like it's supposed to) and my computer runs fine. Other times all I get are POP UPS GALORE asking me to update this and update that and so on. Apparently there are some new virus updates find every 5 minutes, or that's what it feels like. I've also had to re-start my computer one too many times when it got stuck in the middle of an update. I don't want virus protection that's a hassle itself, so I will not be keeping this one installed.
I am used to Kaspersky products, so after installing on my own system i sent to a friend since it was licensed for three users. When the friend tried to activate the programme he was told the license was not for that region. He contacted Kaspersky and tried to see if anything could be done. He was told he has to return the item to the place of purchase and get a refund. While there is nothing wrong with activating licenses based on locations/regions, it ought to be clearly stated on the product package which region it was designed for. No where on the product package is a potential buyer informed that activation will be regionally based. Neither is it stated anywhere on the product package which region the programme is meant for. So, unless you are ready to take a chance or to install immediately, you may end up with a product you cannot use.The cost of returning the product to the seller makes it totally in expedient. So i give the programme 2 stars for packaging that does not pass vital information to a prospective buyer to help make an informed choice.Though the programme itself does its job well when you are able to activate it
I ordered this so that I could convert docs to editable PDF's, but this product does not do the job.I'm so disappointed...but learned later that the product that actually makes editable PDF's is the "convert" program, not the "create" program.Do not buy this is you are needing to convert docs to editable pdf's.
I think I got my first version of PDF create 2.0 with my first Xerox scanner about 10 years ago. It was very useful and handy, it helped create PDF file from anything that can be printed. Since then, I have accumulated almost every version of PDF create, most of them came with one or the other multifunction machine or Paperport. But PDF Creator version 7.0 is the slowest and the most buggy.PDF Create produces PDF files in 3 ways.1). PDF create 7.0 installs itself as a printer on your computer. Let us say you want to create a PDF file from a webpage, you will print the webpage on PDF Create printer, give the file a name, and it will create the PDF file. This is the way I use it most of the time.2). It also installs a program called PDF Create Assistant on your computer and you can add the files that you want to make PDF from, say a Microsoft Word document, click create the icon Start PDF Creation and it will turn the document into a PDF file. It works but I rarely use this way.3). The third way to create PDF files with this program is from that PDF create toolbar in Microsoft office.  I found that to be very buggy, and it crashes the Microsoft Word. I had to uninstall that toolbar.Instead of making the program better with the newer version, Nuance has made it even slower and buggier. Here are the problems I encountered with this program.1). It installs with Visual C++ 2005, even though my computer as all newer versions of Visual C++ including 2008 and 2010. I think all of those were installed by one of the other Nuance program. These guys at Nuance cannot get their act together, each of their programs installs a different version of Visual C++, without even checking if the newer version is already on the computer.2). Unless you choose custom install, it will install the PDF create toolbar in Microsoft office, which crashes the Microsoft office. I would also not install any add-ons to PDF Create 7.3). At the end of installation, it asks you to register the program, and then the registration screen freezes. I had to press Ctrl-Alt-Delete to get out of that.4). It also installs registration reminder and update program on Windows Startup, which really slows down your computer. Run msconfig and uninstall those startup programs.5). The program is still named ScanSoft PDF Create! The name of the company now is Nuance. It tells you how much attention to detail Nuance pays.6). Nuance has Draconian activation policies. They allow only one activation for each program. Tough luck if you need to reinstall the program because you changed hard drive or got a new computer.Since there is no law to force Nuance to eat its own dogfood before feeding it to the customers, the market should punish the sloppy companies. I would not buy this program, I think there are cheaper and faster alternatives available out there. On one of my computers, I use PDF Xchange 4 to create PDF documents, it is much more versatile, cheaper, and faster. I use it in combination with scan to PDF, which converts scanned documents into PDF files. And you can download a free version of PDF Xchange to try.
This product can easily confuse you if you're not careful.  The inference given is that if you can 'create' a PDF document, you should be able to 'edit' the darn thing.  Not true.  This PDF creating software is essentially a glorified converter... similar to Nitro PDF Express, and others.  It does allow some tweaking during the converting process such as setting the initial view, quality selection, etc. However, in lieu of paying, you can easily install free PDF software such as Free PDF Creator, and others, without paying the higher price.Although the software does 'create' a PDF, I find the feature set and price are just so so.
Corel makes it look like you are getting a good deal because one is getting four products (Paint it, Photo Album, Scrapbook Artist, and PanoramaPlus X4) At first glance one may believe he or she is getting a great deal. Sure the price is more than fair for what you get. The problem I have is the software is not that powerful.  You would be better using Google Picasa for organizing and editing your photos. That takes care of Paint and Photo Album.  Yes the Paint It products does have more filters you can apply to your photos to make them more artistic.  The reality is while it is fun to play with, I only need to enhance my photos. You could also spend a little more and get Photoshop Elements. Even Serif offer free photo editing software if you go to their website.You can get a good free photo stitcher from Microsoft. Search for Microsoft Image Composite Editor.I am not a digital scrapbooker but your cost can rise quickly as you buy add ons for the software, which makes the software more expensivesWhile the product is not expensive I would recommend it to my friends and family because Picasa gives them more than enough feature for free
I've been a computer user for many years - starting with command lines and dos prompts way back in the dark ages. When Windows first came out, one of the programs I used at work was Corel Wordperfect. My home computer was loaded with Microsoft Word and I slowly eased the office towards the Microsoft program, not because there was anything really wrong with Wordperfect, but because there just wasn't enough right about it.Over the years I've tried other Corel offerings, every time I'm excited by the possibilities and neat options listed on the box, then frustrated and disappointed by the end results. It's not that the program is bad necessarily, just that it seems it's not very intuitive, it's slow loading, laggy, or simply the end result is not very impressive.Create It had all those problems in spades. For one thing, this is not one program, or a suite of programs, it is a bunch of individual programs that you have to open separately and work with separately. Even remembering what each does (and some overlap) is difficult. I found myself opening a picture in one program, only to remember it wasn't the one I was thinking and have to open a different program to make things happen. Working with files that included more than 20 photos made everything lag so badly it was ridiculous.The thing is, I use Photoshop. It is not "fun", but if I spend the time to create something, the end result is impressive. I thought Create It! might add some fun to my photo editing, but it's just too cumbersome to be fun, and it's not robust enough to put up with the problems.
This software is a compilation of four (4) programs, each disk requires its own separate install and product key entry.  I believe these programs have each been sold separately in the past, so if you have a need for all of them, this can save you a little money by buying this.  This software seems to be more for the casual user, not for someone that uses Photoshop or similar.  You don't need your thinking cap on to use these, which I prefer when I'm relaxing at home.PHOTO ALBUM 7 DELUXE:  This software comes with a printed, bound 115 User Guide, much better than reading an online manual.  So far, the learning curve has been so easy I haven't looked at the book.  I had been using Picasa for the past couple years, Picasa has become so bloated with features such as facial recognition/naming, etc., that I uninstalled it after trying this Corel software.  One of my favorite effects with this Corel program is being able to add different kind of frames and picture tubes around the pictures - these were found by adding the separate clip art images.  However, my all-time favorite basic photo editing software is ZoomBrowser, which comes with Canon cameras.  UPDATE 11/22/10-- this software is excruciatingly slow and my computer has more than enough memory for this program.  I uninstalled it and put the Canon ZoomBrowser back on.PAINT IT!:  I like this more than I thought I would!  Easy to learn, it really takes just 3 or so clicks to turn a photo into a painting.  The icons on the screen are super-sized and easy to figure out.  You can choose brush size, intensity of color, and different styles such as watercolor, impressionist, oil painting & others.  I plan on making some poster-sized prints of some pictures I've taken, turn them into what appears to be a painting, pick up some cheap poster frames locally, and turn them into wall art.  If you're familiar with some of the shows on HGTV, such as Designed to Sell, many times the designer does this same type of thing when staging the homes for a quick sale.  Why purchase art that has no meaning to it, when you can create your own for a lower cost?PANORAMA PLUS X4:  I installed it, then almost as quickly, uninstalled it.  My cameras all have the panoramic feature built-in, and it's just easier for me to do panoramic shots with my camera.  I rarely use this feature anyway, I don't like the looks of them, being not very high and very wide, kind of squished-looking.  I can't think of too many reasons why anyone would want to do this type of shot, unless you are a real estate agent, it would come in handy for interior shots of homes.DIGITAL SCRAPBOOK ARTIST 2:  As far as the Digital Scrapbook Artist 2, I didn't install this disk, I have never been interested in scrapbooking, but the description inside says this is "advanced".  It may very well be advanced, as it comes with a nice paperback-style User Guide, 262 pages long and quite detailed.So, for me it was a "wash".  I liked the Paint It, liked the Photo Album at first but ended up taking it off, and I didn't have the need for the other two.NOTE:  One thing I did not care for at all, there are certain features in the toolbars where you think you can do something such as "create a movie" with the Photo Album 7, and it is nothing more than a free trial offer.  Another pop-up was a scare tactic to purchase online storage for pictures - since my hard drive might just crash at anytime.  I already know this and that's why I do my own back-ups, thank you very much (I'd insert a rolling eyes icon here if I could).  Granted, I did not pay for this software since it was offered through Amazon Vine, but if I would have purchased this, I would get frustrated with the constant sales pitches.
I have used this program since Version 4.  Much cheaper than Adobe, but it remains very buggy and unpredictable.  Activation can be a pain.  My install has randomly lost its activation at least twice.  The program boasts  lot of great features, but forms are sporadic, OCR is unreliable, and many times text does not print correctly or doesn't move to Adobe or other PDF programs properly (resulting in, for example, 32 point blocks of text that should be 10 pt). The frustrating part is that all looks fine on the screen. The Form Filler is a great idea, but fields that you fill  go blank sometimes and then will no longer hold an entry.  Finally, the program locks and freezes at random intervals.Every version I buy I hope for the best and pray for improvement in performance.  Version 7 is just another lateral step in a buggy, unreliable program.  It's really too bad since this program has great potential.
As avid Microsoft Office for Mac user for our household I was shocked that this "upgrade" removed such important functionality as a stable Excel and Outlook for email, calender, etc. You are offered the option to "activate" outlook for a low $279.99 price. Wait did I say low...my mistake, for the crazy charge of $280!I am not sure if this Microsoft turning into Quicken (QuickBooks by Quicken has a ton of hidden fees when you actually try to use their expensive software) or what, but it is very disappointing as email is very important for the average Office Home & Student user.That being said, after trying to get over losing such functionality, I am finding that the programs actually included are not stable enough for prime time, with Excel being the worst. I don't know how they didn't discover these bugs during testing or perhaps they just didn't care about Mac users.
This is the first time Premiere Elements is Mac compatible.  This bundle program ships with four disks (two per OS).  It no longer ships with stand-alone Premiere and Photoshop disks. Both apps are now installed from the same disk.  I decided to go with the PC version because because I already have Final Cut Express, iMovie, and Photoshop CS5 installed on my Mac.  After installing both apps on my PC, I fired up Premiere Elements 9 first and was greeted with an error message for my Nvidia display driver.  In other words, I basically picked up right where Elements 8 left off.  The error read:  "We have detected an incompatible display adapter.  To get a better and faster playback performance, please update your display driver".  Nice... especially considering I'm already running the latest available driver, so I guess I'm stuck with this message and the resulting errors, (and it didn't take long for the errors to appear).  I figured I'd try out capture first.  I already had a pretty good idea of capture capability with HDV and ACVHD from PE8, so I decided to try the "Flip" capture option in v9.  I connected and powered on my Flip camera.  I also had a USB drive plugged into a different port on the PC.  I planned to pull photos from the USB drive and videos from the Flip.  Bad idea.  After I connected and selected the Flip import option, I was prompted to install several additional Windows components.  It seemed odd, but I did it anyway.  Afterwards, PE9  read video from the thumb drive instead of the Flip.  That's what the additional components were for.  I had to disconnect the thumb drive to get the program to recognize the Flip.  I finally downloaded a few Flip clips and luckily didn't have to endure the dreaded "analyzing" phase that I hated so much in version 8 of PE.  I then tried to edit, but had nothing but glitches and problems.  None of the preview windows worked during capture or editing.  I could only hear sound.  To add insult to injury, even the sound dropped roughly 1/4 of the way into previewing a clip.  By that point, I'd already had enough and realized that I'm pretty much done with Premier Elements until they resolve the many annoying issues.Photoshop Elements 9 seems pretty identical as version 8, although performance has improved slightly.  Creating a slide show no longer brings my PC to its knees.  There are a few new creative options, like enhancement of the spot healing brush, and more automated special effects tasks, all with accompanying lessons.  There are also new online sharing options, particularly for social sites.  Unless you really want or need the new creative options, I would say hold off on upgrading if you have version 8.  The new effects and slight performance increase, while welcome, don't merit an upgrade just yet.  The navigation for both apps is also still a bit goofy in places.Once upon a time (like 5 years ago), Adobe Premiere Elements was the best choice for home video editing.  While I feel Photoshop Elements is still a top contender compared to the competition, Premiere Elements has taken a nosedive over the years.  The continued issues with Nvidia cards (I encountered Nvidia compatibility issues in both version 8 and version 9) is completely unacceptable.  Premiere Elements 8 worked much better on my prior PC with an ATI GPU, but the fact is, there are a lot of PCs with Nvidia GPUs out there.  This needs to be fixed, quickly and for good.  In the meantime, if you have an Nvidia card, approach Premiere Elements (8 or 9) with extreme caution or just steer clear.  After this release, I'm moving into the latter group because I'm not in the mood to go hunting for updated drivers or patches every time Adobe releases a new version of Premiere Elements, nor should we have to.  Although I'm not interested in installing either app on my Mac (due to better options already installed), it may be of interest to Mac owners that Premier is now Mac compatible.  It does offer an alternative to iMovie or Final Cut Express.  If you currently only have iLife for photo/video editing, Photoshop Elements is definitely a better option than iPhoto on Mac. However, I would strongly suggest holding off on trying Premiere on Mac until reading some feedback from Mac users first.  Although I didn't risk installing it on my Mac, The Windows version of Premiere has me so skittish at this point, I don't know that I even trust it in OSX.I was really hoping the Elements 9 bundle would correct the bad taste left by the Elements 8 bundle.  Unfortunately, it's back to the drawing board for Adobe.  In all fairness, if I could rate Photoshop Elements alone, I'd give it four stars. But this is a bundle, so I have to rate it based on total value, and unfortunately, Premiere is dragging that value down like a lead weight.  Skip the bundle, go for Photoshop Elements alone.  For a while, I was hoping Adobe could make Premiere Elements the "premier" affordable video editing program.  At this point, I'd settle for anything resembling its original quality.
The first thing I noticed was information on the box of Bit Defender Antivirus Pro 2011 was the PC MAG Logo and their statement. I quote it  here: "Bit Defender . . . offers better antispam, parental control, and privacy protection than most suites."  They gave it 4-STARS.  Note that they say "...than most suites."  Okay, but then when I looked at the graph of offerings on the lower left part of the box I noticed that this particular program suite does not have Antispam, Firewall, or Parental Controls.  Fake-out, yes?The program did install easily and setup as the instructions promised.  However, because they gave me only a 30 day license to test it I cannot give any assurance of performance.  That's just not enough time to evaluate the program and/or evaluate technical support. I am not going to rush to applause.  Furthermore, this is just not the kind of program I would buy - even if it has no bugs and performs exactly as they say.  I can only settle for a 5-STAR, fully featured, security suite.If you only want half a security suite without parental controls, and you can't afford better than this one, go ahead and give it a try.  It might be alright and it might be all you need.  I just can't recommend it.
I was excited to try this antivirus platform, because the Norton versions that I use (360 and 2010) are (as is widely known) memory hogs, and I, like everyone else, likes to free up any memory possible to make available to programs that I am using.First, on that issue, I didn't notice much difference in the performance of my system with this antivirus.  I do run a lot of memory (12gB ddr3 on my desktop, 8gB ddr3 on my laptop) so perhaps if you are running on less or different memory, you might find a bit of speed re-released to other programs.Installation was easy, and had lots of features to customize to your liking.  It takes awhile to do "right", but it's worth it if you want to make the most of your program.I ran it for awhile, and then ran an online scan of another antivirus system to see how it was working (Trend Micro PC Cillin Free Online scan).  Lo and behold, it found missed items from BitDefender.  I was really disappointed, and started to do some research into the different agencies that monitor antivirus programs.Both West Coast Labs and ICSA Labs certify BitDefender for virus detection and removal. West Coast offers additional checkmark certification for detection of Trojans and Spyware.BUT BitDefender did not attain the new Checkmark Platinum certification. BitDefender hasn't fared as well with Virus Bulletin--it failed four of the last ten Windows-based VB100 tests.Since this last test, BitDefender rated ADVANCED+ in the most recent test of on-demand malware cleanup by [...].  It also rated ADVANCED+ with few false positives in their latest proactive non-signature test. BitDefender rated ADVANCED in a special dynamic protection test, only topped by Norton and Kaspersky, who earned the ADVANCED+ rating.[...] also ran a special real-world test last year, checking a dozen products over 60 days. BitDefender came in second-lowest both for malware detection and actual blocking in this test. The top three slots in both detection and blocking were shared among Norton, Kaspersky, and PC Tools Internet Security 2010.(Testing information from PC Magazine.)These results were seen repeatedly with different testers online, and frankly, made me remove the antivirus system from my computers and reinstall my Norton antivirus systems.  I saw that over and over again, BitDefender rated average or less-than-average on many issues, such as malware, scareware, and keyloggers.One test did rate BitDefender at 100 percent on malware-rootkit based threats.  Unfortunately for BitDefender, most antivirus programs rated that same 100 percent.It did rate highly for phishing sites, and other antivirus suite did not all rate as highly.My bottom line:  This is a good start for BitDefender, and hopefully they will continue to improve their product.  Their system configuration is great.  It has many custom settings for you, with gaming settings and chat encryption.  Unfortunately, with its unreliable malware protection and subpar testing ratings, I think your systems will be better off with the more mainstream Norton or Kaspersky.
I changed from Norton Antivirus to this program. It kept interfering with other programs I had already installed, sometimes identifying them as viruses and not allowing them to open or shutting them down after being opened. I think it may work better on a netbook but I have Windows 7 on a standard laptop.
I have used BitDefender since 2005, and have generally liked it, despite a few quirks. I have also tried other AV programs, and found them wanting. One screwed up my system so bad that I had to do a system restore from my Acronis image to be able to use the computer. (Are you listening, Norton?) So when I got a chance to try BitDefender Internet Security 2011, I jumped at the chance.At first, I thought this one was a bust, and although I persevered, I have to conclude my first inclination was right.Before starting the first install, I uninstalled BDIS 2010, deleted all the folders in Windows, and cleaned out the registry of all BD references, to ensure a clean install on my XP SP2 system.When you start the installation you are faced with a pretty blue install screen. Before it installs anything it does a quick scan of your system. This took 2 min, 31 sec on my machine. Next you are given the option to turn off Windows firewall and Windows Defender.It accepted the registration key and took me to the Account page, where you are given the choice to sign in to an existing account, create an account, or create one later. If you don't create an account within 30 days you can't update the program after that. Since I had a BD account, I entered my e-mail address and pass word. I tried three times to log on, but it kept coming back, "Couldn't find active internet connection." Even tho my connection was indeed active. I checked "Create later," to continue the installation.Next choice was "Easy" or "Custom" installation buttons. There is also a small "Skip Setup" in the lower left hand corner, which uses BD's default setup. I chose "Custom." After several screens of options you get a "Confirm" button. You can change any of the options after the program is installed through the BD control panel.After setting all the options, the actual installation goes quickly...until it gets to the part where it updates itself. This part took 17 min and 45 sec with a cable internet connection. It found the internet connection just fine here.The installation from the DVD took just over 25 minutes to complete.When it finally finished, I tried the registration again, and it still said, "Couldn't find active internet connection." So I rebooted. After the restart, I tried again, with the same results. I then went to BD's web site, logged on to my account and registered my copy. I the went into BD, registered again, and it took.So now the installation ordeal is over...My system with BDIS 2011 installed ran noticeably slower, particularly on the internet. I also got several "false positives" of possibly malicious programs...programs I have used for years. System scans now take twice as long as before. I am unhappy.I uninstalled BD 2011 and manually cleaned out folders and the registry and tried again. The second install was equally lengthy, with the same results during and after.Next I did a clean install of BDIS 2010, which took three minutes to install to the reboot, three minutes to complete the install, and five minutes to update the program.For the third try of BDIS 2011 I decided to do an upgrade, installing from the DVD. When I did this, I got the install screen first. When I clicked on "install" and the install started, a couple of dialog boxes flashed on the screen, and the install stalled. I tried this three times, all with the same results.Then my brain stormed. I went to BitDefenders Web site and downloaded the program from there. It uninstalled BDIS 2010 and installed itself with no problem. It accepted the Registration Key from the DVD and allowed me to register the program during the installation. The update took far less time and the program runs as I expected it to. I have not received any "false positives." Therefore I have to conclude I received a bum DVD.I did notice the "Search Advisor" only kicks in when you search from the browser's search box, not from the Google search box.But all is not well. Ultimately, it has still slowed internet surfing to a point where it is virtually unusable. So I have again uninstalled BDIS 2011 and returned to the 2010 version.
Been doing this computer thing WAY too long I guess. I long for my old Commodore & Amiga. Turn it on & go. Ran a BBS with no problems. Then Came Norton & gradually, all these anti virus programs became so intrusive they rival the viruses themselves as an aggravation! Using mostly McAfee, WebRoot, AVG, and Symantec Norton Anti-Virus, I had settled into using McAfee for my current 3 programs without ANY hassles for the past 3 years. NO problems and life was fairly good. But I see this BitDefender Internet Security 2011 Value Edition - 3 PC/2 year for trial in the Vine Program and figure "why not, what could go wrong"? Well I won't ask THAT again.....It took about 30 minutes to install with NO problems encountered on 2 of my computers (after having removed McAfee. But took over 2 hours to scan both of their hard drives. Found 1 "problem/infection" on each computer & cleaned it. NO idea what it was still. I personally find the so called DASHBOARD a bit confusing but never was a big virus program junkie. I like a program that installs without a hitch, runs quietly in the background without freaking my old self out. With this program, my computer has slowed down for whatever reason, and I just find the hassle of using it not worth the trouble. I am going to uninstall this on both my computers using it & go back to McAfee. This program continues with bugs like "failed to communicate with BitDefender Security Service" after 2 DAYS of my frustration just setting us the firewall. Have never heard back from tech support so this is just insane to me. I want to use my computer not wrestle with the thing! I only give it 3 stars as it was free for me to try. If I had paid for it, it would rate just 1 or 2 stars at best. If I was a computer geek, I could tell you better how it fails and WHY. But I am not, just a retired home user & this is where it fail for me.....UPDATE:OK, enough is enough. My web browsing became so slow it was like I wan using a 28K modem so I uninstalled this & went back to McAfee. The speed returned to browsing and even stranger, my entire computer is simply vastly quicker running ALL applications etc. It's like a got a brand new super fast CPU installed so I am dropping my rating to 2 stars and THAT is even a reach. Wish I was smart enough to tell you what in particular shackles my computers with this software, but all I know is I have about a 60% slowdown in applications using this software, and my Internet browsing is simply unbearable using it! Oh well....
I have had this software installed on my pc for a week now and have noticed that it slows down to a crawl at seemingly random times.I start up my computer,fine,i check my email,fine,i convert a video or play a pc game,massive slow down!I have a quad core cpu @ 3.0Ghz,4GB of ram @ 1000Mhz and a GTX470 Video card,my pc runs anything i throw at it and is a multitasking beast,yet while using this software my machine runs like my old Acer laptop at times.The program itself is easy to setup and you will be protected within minutes of taking the cd out of the box,simple enough but it seems no matter what settings i tweak the problems still remain.I have had similar problems with other security software in the past but tech support would give me advice on how to fix it and for the most part the issues would go away but not this time.My advice is to only install this on a machine that you are going to use at the office.When running word programs,checking emails or web browsing this product works well,no real hit in performance.If you're a gamer or video editor then avoid at all cost.
From testing anti-virus and internet security programs from Sunbelt Software, TrendMicro and McAfee, this time I am testing out BitDefender Total Security 2011.  Tests were done on a laptop and not on a desktop.I.  INSTALLATIONInstallation was quite easy but the first thing you want to do is make sure you have at least 450MB of space set for this software.  You have a choice of custom installation as well as the program's automatic.  The good thing is that you don't have to install any other third party programs but the software itself.  How much security is subjective to the user but in this case, I turned on everything except the parental control.Typically with most internet security software, installation takes about 20 or so minutes.  "BitDefender Total Security 2011" was pretty quick for installation but if there is one thing where it does take a while, it's the initial deep scan.  This always takes a while and depending on how much you have in your computer, it can take hours.  My first deep scan took more than five hours and that is more than one will want to do, thus it's best to forgo the deep scan and do it before you go to bed.The first deep scan, I canceled and automatically did the upgrade.  Interesting, after updating, I got a message "Our Apologies: An Error occurred during the update.  If the problem persists, please consult Customer Care Online at (url of bit defender)" and on the main screen I did have a status of update being solved.  So, maybe there wasn't a problem?It is important that you delete all previous anti-virus programs and security related programs before installing this or you will have problems.  This is very important!II.  WHAT DOES THIS SOFTWARE DO?The software offers hourly security updates, free 24/7 technical support and total security provides:- Online Backup (2GB)- Performance Optimizer- Tune-Up- File Encryption- Parental Control- Firewall- Antispam- Home Network Mgmt.- Chat Encryption- QuickScan- Anti-phishing- Search Advisor- Antivirus & antispyware* iPhone friendly controls.  Monitor youre kids online escapades from the websites they visit right from your iPhone, smart phone or PC.* Surf Alert - Search advisor shows people the risky websites from the search results.* Automatic Online Backup - Backing up images, movies music* Speed Booster - Performance Optimizer fixes problems if your PC is dragging.But perhaps the main feature that I enjoyed the most is that you get a TWO-YEAR license and can install to up to 3 computers.With each setting, such as antivirus, antispam and so on, you can keep the protection level at aggressive, default or permissive.  Each setting is easy to understand as well as the overall interface.  Especially the tune-up, as beginners don't have to figure out where defragmentation is located, it's all there with a press of the button.  Delete temp files, cookies, easy to do by a click of a button.So, I have to say that the interface was easy to use and felt that it was on-par if not better than other interfaces I used from software made by other major antivirus/security companies.  For the interface, you can set it at basic, intermediate and expert, for those who prefer the big buttons.III.  ISSUESSlowdown.  I've noticed that with other reviews, this has been a major problem and this is not just BitDefender, any total security software can slow down your system.  From playing video games to watching a DVD.  The simple thing to do is right click and exit the program if you are going to do anything that requires a lot of memory.  So, yes...there is slow down but I can tell you, this is no different from the slowdown you get from the major software of other companies.  It's also important to note that this is not just a simple anti-virus program, this is a total internet security software that provides extra levels of support, so if you want faster speed, disable the software or turn things off, which you can do.  If all you want is anti-virus protection, switch everything else off or to the "permissive setting".  And this is what I like because the interface shows a switch (on and off), so you can disable certain parts of the software.  Easy to do.I did notice that the software did take awhile to come back when my screensaver went on.  I have seen this happen with other software but fortunately, I was able to get back and it didn't crash my computer completely.If there is one caveat which I did not like about this software, right clicking on the bottom corner of your dashboard on the software will not show an exit (you get the options of: Show, Help, About, Fix All Issues, Turn Game Mode On, Update Now and Basic Settings).  For any anti-virus or Internet Security Software, to me this is a no-no.  An exit should be there in order to quickly disable the program if people run into major slowdown.JUDGMENT CALL:So, far this software has worked as expected.  Performed as expected and even as mentioned, like other total Internet security programs, slowdown did happen as expected.  But it's because I had everything switched on.  Slowdown is something one can expect from total internet security and even often at times with anti-virus software.But if there is one thing I didn't like, it was the lack of an exit for the software.  For me, any internet security or anti-virus should give the user an option to easily close the program down with a right click.But you can disable the software by starting up the dashboard.Overall, "BitDefender Total Security 2011" does everything one expects from the software. It gives total security (more than some people would want) and you can easily disable things you don't want to use or select the kind of security to relieve some of the sluggish performance or to cut down on the time (Especially for those who are use full many hundred GB or TB drives).  And once again, it's important to set the schedule time early in the morning and let your computer handle it.  I know some people shut down their computers every night but once in awhile, your going to have to let that deep system scan happen at time when you don't think you will be using that computer.As for the software, it's easy to install, interface is easy and you get a 2-year license as opposed to one and the ability to install on three separate computers.Because you can install this on three computers, I will test this software on a desktop, especially my parents desktop since they tend to open every attachment they receive and will give me an idea how this performances on various computers.  I will definitely update this review as the year progresses.But this is a solid software that does its job quite well.  I just wish it had an easy exit via right click but if you want total security, this software gives you total security and the ability to modify it to your own custom preference.But if you have a computer which had multiple installations of total security software or anti-virus programs in the past on the same machine, this can cause conflicts with this software.  This is very important because BitDefender is sensitive to that and can cause conflicts and really make your computer come to halt.  It's another reason why I dock another star because unsuspecting people are going to find out that if they have other things running, their computer will not function the same way anymore with BitDefender on."BitDefender Total Security 2011 Value Edition" is definitely recommended but it's one of those total security software that is great if you have a new machine but those who have had previous installations of anti-virus and security software may need to practice caution.========================================UPDATE: 11/8/2010Not good.  This is the first security program that I have installed.  It worked yesterday but as of today, I can't even run the computer to get anything started.  It is now crashing and I can't even perform an uninstall because the computer hangs.  CTRL-ALT-DEL will not work in deleting the software.  According to other forums, those who had this problem had to uninstall, make sure all previous programs of security/anti-virus were removed and do a registry clean.  I'm shocked...I really thought this software was great but now.. I don't know. I've never had a problem like this ever before.  Will update to see if it is a registry conflict or what.  I would assume on a clean machine, this software would work perfectly, so I'm not going to fault the software because I did install it on a computer which I have tested anti-virus/security programs before.End result, I had massive problems that I was unable to resolve and I had to reinstall Windows. I can't blame the software completely because the system I tested this on had been used for testing for anti-virus and security software before. Although, I have deleted and uninstalled those programs, they can cause problems to the registry. But I've never had this many problems where it would render my computer quite useless. I'm sure the software works with a perfectly clean machine but in my situation, while the first day was great...by the next day I was unable to use my laptop. That was my experience, unfortunately.
BitDefender has too many shortcomings to be ranked among the best anti-virus software available.  Over the years I've tested a handful of brands and feel BitDefender to be at the bottom of the list.  It slows down your PC more than most, causes more "false positives" than others, and has been know to cause the occasional blue screen.  In a market as large as this, you are better off choosing a different company to go with.  I recommend Kaspersky, AVG or Avira.  They are my top dogs.
Right off the bat, I had trouble with installing BitDefender Total Security. Partway through the installation, it reported that it encountered an error and needed to abort the installation. After a reboot, I managed to complete the installation, but it was all downhill from there.> BitDefender really bogged down my computer -- program startups, file searches, and other tasks took much longer than before.> Internet page loads were slowed down to a crawl!> BitDefender examines each Google search results and places a green check mark next to the results that it deems safe. That's all well and good, but more often than not, the process takes an inordinately long time! (It displays a spinning arrow next to a search result to indicate that it's examining the link.)> BitDefender would sporadically block my access to the Internet. I would sometimes be greeted with the following message regardless of the URL I visited (including Google):This web page has been blocked by BitDefender Antivirus Real-time Protection!The web page blocked by BitDefender included objects that were either infected or likely to be infected with a virus. Your system has NOT been infected.> BitDefender left me high and dry when a full system scan was halted partway and I was notified that the scan had to be aborted due to some unspecified error.I decided that enough was enough. After I uninstalled BitDefender, my system performance immediately returned to normal -- my Internet connection was back to broadband speeds and running programs were much snappier.---There are much better alternatives to BitDefender. I recommend McAfee (It has respectable virus detection rates and I've never had a problem with it). You can also try AVG, Avira, Avast, PC Tool antivirus, and a whole host other free antivirus programs. I personally use AVG because it seems to be the least intrusive.
BitDefender is a bit of a system power-drainer. At least to a geezer running Windows Vista. This might have improved functionality on a newer, high tech computer system, but on my two year old Vista computer it has bogged it down and seemingly drained my computer of what little life it already had left in it. This seems to be one of the most draining anti-virus/security suites that I have tried on my system. I instantly had to uninstall and put emsisoft's Anti-Malware program back on my computer for safe-guarding.My quest to find a decent total-security package continues. I may just have to buy a faster computer.
Had hoped to be able to post my first video review here, but this won't be the case.Putting it simply,Adobe Premiere Elements 9turned out to be a disappointment, and on many levels. Mainly, the software seems to be unstable, and that includes on both the Window 7 and Mac OS X 10.6 platforms, as I tried it on both systems. It's a very buggy editor, to put it mildly, and it crashes frequently.Thought it might be me and my implementation, so I took my MacBook Pro over to a friend who produces and edits videos for commercial publication, a friend who is a true Adobe fan. His results with this software were the same as mine, and after a few times we both gave up in frustration. My friend, by the way, usesAdobe Premiere Pro CS5.5 [Mac] on a daily basis as the primary software app for work. I tried is, and the difference is night and day... but so it the price.Cannot recommend Adobe Premiere Elements, and I don't have any suggestions, as video is not a primary need, though it would be nice. Have another friend who recently installedAdobe Premiere Elements 10, and it's running quite smoothly, as I witnessed. Check the reviews on it and see if that's a good solution for you. But for this user, Adobe Premiere Elements just isn't ready for prime time.
There is a lot of functionality here, which makes it an acceptable program for photo editiing.  The menu is easy to access, and there are not very many mystery icons that force you to guess.  I can do all the basics like fix red eye, cut out portions of photos, airbrush, and easily sync and manage my pictures in one location.It is far from perfect though.  The loading time is over 40 seconds, which is way too long for a mid-range photo editior program.  There are at some key functions missing.  I cannot resize images pieces that I've cut out, which my free Windows Paint program can do.  The image review carousel is also too small.  I have a 20 inch screen, and most of my images have to be viewed as a small thumbnails instead of midsized photos.Fix these problems, and take out the spyware, and we will have a 5 star program.
I have the limited edition with exclusive bonus pack which provides "over $250 in extra value" of a 2FB USB flash drive, KPT collection plug in, Corel Painter Essentials 4, and Corel WinZip 14.5 Pro. Mine came with a short quick start guide (which was too bare bones to be helpful) and a small page size 137 page paper guidebook. The fact that Corel issues different packs, some with a user manual and some without is something that some customers are upset about.I own and older edition of Photoshop Elements (a less expensive pared down version of the professional Photoshop) and am used to PS Elements. I will note that PaintShop Photo Pro X3 is the same pricing as PS Elements and from what I have been able to figure out, the two programs are very similar in content as well.Before I tell why I am dissatisfied I'll share my opinion that if you already have a photo editing program, you probably should stick with that product and buy updates as you feel are necessary. There is a large and painful learning curve when moving from one software to another. I just learned this the hard way. The terms are different, the process is different, and it's just too painful to put oneself through unnecessarily. I am asking myself why I bothered to want to try PaintShop Photo Pro X3 when I was happy with (my no longer latest version of) Photoshop Elements. I guess I was thinking maybe this was better and why not get this and stop using PSE? I'm sorry I wasted my time. Before I say why I don't like this program I'll give more info.I am looking for very basic photo editing tools. I take photos with a DSLR but am more into the actual taking of well composed and well lit photographs than I am into spending hours of my time editing shots.  What I want photo editing for are some simple things such as: cropping photos, resizing photo files to make them smaller when necessary (i.e. submitting photos to newspapers and websites), to remove red eye, to make a soft edge on a photo and perhaps to adjust an overexposed or underexposed photo.Regarding projects, which this software does, I'm honestly not sure how I would use this. When making a photo book I would make it right on the site that professionally prints the book. When I make a photo Christmas card I make the soft edge on the photo right on the warehouse store website.  When I make a photo calendar I used the warehouse store's website to create it from home on the internet, and they print it and I pick it up at the store.I have a six month old computer PC: Windows 7 Premium and an i3 processor. It is not yet clogged up with too many files and had plenty of room on it for new programs. Installation was easy and took me about 90 minutes only because I would walk away and realize there were many steps and it was waiting for me to keep clicking more boxes.  I was confused though, over having to install multiple programs all from the same CDROM, and was unclear what the differences were between: Paintshop Photo Pro X3, Project Creator, Painter Essentials 4 and KPT collection (that one I did not even bother installing). I did the registration online; there were no phone numbers for me to call. Some reviewers mentioned ads on the screen, I saw no ads. I have over 30,000 photo files on my hard drive at the time this was installed. I don't understand why other reviewers are saying it took hours to load this software given the number of images on their hard drive.The instruction manual was promising offering 4 ways for new users to learn to use the system: the Corel guide, the Learning Center palette, the help system and web-based resources. Despite this seemingly wonderful array of options when it came down to figuring out how to do something as simple such as resize a photo to scale it down to 72 dpi I could not find the answer. I still can't figure out how to see if it saved the file as jpg or if it is saving it with some other format (i.e. raw, gif). I was annoyed that searches with common keywords such as `resize' turned up no results. I could not find any of this information in the user manual either.When working to edit a photo I was annoyed that multiple images I was not using were lined up at the bottom which it randomly pulled off my hard drive, it was distracting. I am used to working with a program where the only thing on your work surface is what you have chosen to work on right now. I found that I could adjust the viewing box to get larger that pushed those off the screen.The absolute worst thing about this program which is why I am uninstalling it and giving up is ---- the program over-wrote my existing program to view photo files that were already on my hard drive. When I try to open a photo by clicking on the file on my hard drive, it opens in the Corel Instant Viewer which is a piece of garbage that first pauses for 2 seconds doing nothing while it loads, then it shows an image for 2 seconds in a pixelated blurry mess before sharpening up to view it. Moving to the next photo using the arrow, such as to view photos you took on a certain day, takes 4 seconds to load each photo and my eyes go crazy with the sharp to blurry to sharp to blurry images. I cannot stand this Corel Instant Viewer.  It is impossible to quickly click through the photos. My old software from the Canon camera would instantly load with no pause and it would immediately be in perfect focus. This thing that Corel has is ridiculous.After spending 4+ hours installing and trying to edit one photograph to just crop it to zoom in, reading the user manual and the online help, just trying to get one photo to convert to 72 dpi and jpg format, and not being able to figure it out, I give up on the program and am going back to Photoshop Elements. The simplest editing task should not be that difficult to figure out.At at the very least a photo program on a brand new, high speed computer should not take 4 seconds to load one photo image and make us look at it for 2 seconds blurry first - there is no need for such madness.
This version of Corel Photo/Paint shop is so different from previous ones that it is hard to get through. So that turned me off immediately.The photo import window is all but useless. I can look at photos I've imported, and rotate them if needed, but that's about it. I can't save it. I can't crop it, or even delete it if I don't like it. If I want to fix photos or change them, I have to click the "edit" button, which opens a whole other program (and subsequently have to wait for it to start up.)While there are a few more features with this version (teeth whitening, add a tan and other make-over tools) I HATE having to relearn a program all over again. Yes, the editor has similarities to the old ones, but this whole new "photo viewer" and photo project-maker are just a waste of time, and annoying to try and deal with.I liked it better when you could do everything in one window without having to switch to another window, program, etc. I would also like to see a photo and video editor software package in one.
Full disclosure: I've been a Nero user for years and am very comfortable with it. However, my version won't run in Win 7, and when (as a Vine reviewer) I got the chance to try Roxio 11 for free, I decided to go for it. (I should point out, also, that my first burning software was the predecessor to Roxio before Adaptec split it off, though that's been years and years.)On the upside, it works for the basic stuff: I can burn data and audio discs just fine and the music file editor works OK too. And I haven't tried the more advanced features. Why? I just hate the interface so much. At first I thought it was just because I was used to Nero (and had been using the same version for a few years). But I don't think it's just that: This product feels as though it was kludged together.Can I use this? Sure, and I probably will and will use more features and see if my feelings change. But there's also a good chance that I'll just wind up grabbing some Nero upgrade offer, even if Roxio is stable for me, as I don't like using it.
I've used Roxio Creator for many years, but mainly the stripped down versions that came with Dell or other pre-made systems. Wanted to try out this new version with all the new goodies.After spending many years beta testing, performing technical support and QA testing I realized that companies will push out unfinished products and just expect to patch them after a few weeks/months and this is the feel I receive from installing and trying to use this product.My computer is a core i7, 6gb RAM, with a 1GB nvidia card, but you wouldn't think you would need system specs even close to this for some basic editing and DVD creation. My first CD-Burner cost over $500 by itself and ran on a Cyrix PII clone processor with 256megs of ram if I remember correctly and it used Roxio burning software without any problems.This version of Roxio feels clunky, runs slow, and seems to have driver issues. I've reverted back to freeware based ISO creator and DVD burning software and it works better.
I have used various Roxio creator products over the past few years and I have never been overly impressed.  They take a long time to install, seem bloated and run slow, get clunky very fast and then can be a pain to uninstall.  This version is more of the same old thing.  I do not know why, but this seemed to run into problems more quickly than I expected even though it was installed on a new, Windows 7-64 PC.  The only fix is to uninstall it, clean the registry then reinstall but how many times can you do this and still be committed to the program?So I have uninstalled it for the last time, thrown it into my bone pile and I use a host of other separate programs to do the same thing.  It is too bad, it would be nice to have a single suite to manage all of your digital media but Roxio does not seem worth it to me.
I got this software in hopes to bring tivo movies to my desktop. But I haven't even gotten that far and let me tell you why.I am running a fairly new windows laptop running Windows 7 professional. I am able to do just about anything I need on this system with no lag and it works well. But the problem here was it took me over an hour to install Disc 1 of the Roxio software... Yes I started installing it and thought it would be quick. After a few minutes of waiting for it to complete I decided to go cook dinner, and eat it. And then watch some tv. And I came back and the software was STILL installing. It finally finished just after an hour. Also note during the install I clicked the "check for updates" hoping it would ensure I had the latest and greatest.Well the software finally finished installing from Disc 1 however when I started Roxio up it told me there was an update available and I head to install that! So I clicked the install button and waited, about another 20 minutes then my laptop told me to reboot so I did. It finally came back up and roxio started to start automatically but it took forever! About 2 hours later I was done INSTALLING the software...Why is it I can install win7 in less time then it takes to install Roxio? And I use Roxio on my MacBook and it installed in about 10 minutes. So why 2 hours for a windows machine? I have no idea.After it was installed I struggled finding how to get tivo to work with it. On my Mac when I use Roxio there is a Tivo app with a convert in Roxio option and they are seamless. Here I'm still working on figuring this out.Overall so far I am not impressed. It's a system resource hog and wasted a ton of time installing. Plus during the install they launch a video showing you what you can do in the software. But the funny thing is Roxio is hosting this video on Youtube! Why don't they host the video on the CD they are using to install it from? It's a small detail but it's just poor quality.I'm going to keep playing with this, or trying to. But overall it's just a huge program and system hog. If I can get this to work better I'll update this review.
I like the fact that that the software has a lot of tools. I've burned dvd video disks, ripped video from a camcorder using firewire, and edited images. I cropped a song to use as a ringtone. I've used the video editor and sound editor to mess around with files. Overall, I really want to like the product. It's nice to have a product around that does a lot of things that you do once in a while. I don't like spending hours on the internet to find a program to do one stupid thing.The problem is that about every fifth time using the program, it crashes. It just isn't stable. And all the times it's crashed, I've lost what I've done so far. I'm not a save every 3 minutes type of guy and I don't want to work with software that makes me be like that! I've tried to duplicate the things I've done to make it crash, and I only once was able to duplicate the problem--but then I did it a third time and it wouldn't crash a third time. So not only does it crash randomly, you can't just avoid something to avoid the crashes.I installed the software and did all the updates before testing. Then tonight I went to see if I was up to date before reviewing and got this error: "the software manager does not recognize this product. Please contact your software vendor for updates to this product. Error 13001: Product Not Registered with the FLEXnet Connect." So now I can't even check for updates to fix bugs because there is a bug in the updater! And yes, I did register and the updater worked fine before.I'm a computer tech. I run a very stable windows 7 64 bit i7 machine with 6gb of ram and tons of free disk space. I don't have other software that crashes. I don't run registry cleaners or anything else that would have messed up the program.It seems to me that they redid the software with this 2011 version. Rather than betatesting the software till the bugs were worked out, they're selling the betatest as the 2011 version!So maybe the 2012 version will be better. I definitely suggest skipping the 2011 version! Read some of the reviews!Oh, and it worked great the first couple times I used it, but now I've used it for over a month. So please be careful of reviews that haven't used the program much!
Sometimes it's a 5 star item. Sometimes a one star. When it works, it works. But it needs much improvement. It takes too much in the way of resources. And it can be randomly buggy.I was going to give it 3 stars since that is right in the middle between 5 and 1 stars, but the buggyness gets too frustrating.
Wow, where do I even begin to start with the review on this product.I can not even imagine me ever purchasing another product like this ever again after the experiences I had just trying to get this product installed let alone actually trying to use it, which I didn't get to do because it caused so many problems just trying to install it that I never even attempted to try using it before deleting this entire bit of software from my computer. Judging from some of the other reviewers out there, I am not alone with this issue. The product definitely has potential if the company would first work out all the bugs and give the customers a trouble free product in which to use.Shawn KovacichCreator of numerous books and DVD's.
Briefly, if your burning needs are simple, this is fine. However, for such a basic program, there are cheaper options available. When I looked at the "options" in this program, I saw there are few. For example, "overburning" (i.e., fitting a few extra minutes onto an audio CD) is an option on many burning programs, but the Roxio people don't seem to think it's something we need. Look elsewhere for burning software. This one is too expensive for what it offers.
I hadn't used a Norton product in a while since the last version I'd had (around 2003) caused massive crashes on my computer.So I decided to give this one a whirl assuming that after almost 10 years they might have ironed some of these problems out.  Now I can't speak to the virus protection because I didn't attempt to intentionally infect my computer to test this skill.  What I can tell you is that once this product was on my computer the processing speed decreased dramatically.  Then programs started acting screwy.  Things wouldn't open, or would open and not connect to the internet.  Some functionality seemed to not work on some of my programs.  Then it was constantly updating itself and slowing the computer even farther.After about a week of being installed this was removed from my computer (not an easy task let me tell you) and I went back to using my free AVG.  I don't have much high value stuff on my computer and I don't frequent places that would make me prone to viruses in the first place.  Perhaps if I was running a company and needed a heightened level of security the hassles might be worth it.  For me, the decrease in processing speed and the on again off again functionality issues made this a "no go" in my book
Well, I'd tried all I could to get this to work on W8 or W7, it simply wont install. Couldnt install on W8 beta, nor Win7 but DID get it on a fresh install of XP with SP3. Scan time of 2TB drive, all files 700MB-2GB each, terrible 45 minutes scan time.Uninstallation? FORGET IT. Took me an hour deleting everything I could find left over in the registry after uninstall.Same old Norton. I hate it.
The only good thing I can say about this is that it comes with an ancestory.com trial. The previous versions were better. The menus and options have changed, and not in a good way. Things that used to be easy are now convoluted. I would not recommend it.
I have been a Family Tree Maker (FTM) user since the 1990s, and have stuck with Family Tree Maker v.11 since it came out about ten years ago because none of the programs subsequent releases could do what it did, as simply as FTM v.11 could do.  At some point I knew I was going to have to upgrade.  So when I had the chance to try Family Tree Maker 2011, I jumped at it.  I should note here that my personal PC is new, running Windows 7, 64bit, with six gig of ram.Since Ancestry.com's parent company has owned Family Tree Maker since the mid 2000's, the program has changed from a genealogical database tool into a genealogy database that is an adjunct of Ancestry.com.  Instead of improving the functionality of the database tool, FTM 2008 through the 2011 has become a showcase for Ancestry.com's subscription based databases, which I should disclose that I subscribe to because they are a great tool for those of us with this hobby.The program loaded easily, and opened easily as well.  And that's where the easy stuff ended and the difficulties began.So why didn't I love FTM 2011?Because FTM 2011 is unnecessarily complicated, and it's screen's try to do too many things at once resulting in too many steps to add marriages, etc.  Instead of a simple to use interface, that has flexibility, they have given us an over-loaded interface designed like a command center with too many features and boxes.  For example, in FTM v11, the main screen was one giant family sheet, with room enough for Father, Mother, their information and at least four children with their birthdates, and then you thumbed through tabes to the right for the detail on the children.  But since 2008's version (which was a colossal failure because it didn't work) FTM requires that each "tree" have one person who is the "home person".  Evidently they felt that people had to know who the common descendent or ancestor was for a tree.  Then they enforce a pedigree chart on the user, over this are screens and boxes for the family group you are working on, and the person you are working on.  Before you know it, you are buried in tabs and boxes.  Not this type of layout might work well for an employee who works with a database all day long, but for the hobbyist, its a nightmare.What this amounts to is data overload, and it makes the program to be the opposite of what I think its developers thought they were building.  Instead of putting information at a person's finger tips, this version of Ancestry makes it cumbersome to get the information out of the system in a quick fashion like you can in versions 11 and earlier that were developed by Broderbund.My other unpleasant surprise is that within ten minutes of opening the program up I found a significant bug, which I was able to recreate through different several approaches.  Quickly explained, both of my parents were married to other people before they were married to one and other.  Both first marriages ended in divorce sometime before my parents married.  However FTM 2011 places a phantom relationship in the mix by making my mother's first husband my stepfather, and my father's first wife my stepmother. Even stranger than the program assigning these incorrect relationships, it assigned the phantom step mother to me even though she died two years before I was born - how's that for creative geneology!  What's more, there is no way to correct this error, a situation that was confirmed by Ancestry's FTM support department.One SERIOUS deficency is the inability to save a family file to a version of FTM released before the 2006 version, except as a GedCom file.  And we all know that means - good bye to all nonstandard information stored in that file. Had I known this when I rated the product, I would have only given this product one star simply because there is no reason to cut those earlier versions out.  So if you are upgrading, I STRONGLY urge you to put off transferring your files over to this new version until you are certain that you feel comfortible with it.  Instead create some test trees and work with them until you are comfortible because with 2011 there is no going back to the good old days.On the plus side, integration with Ancestry.com is seamless - I have to give the program that.  Pulling in information from Ancestry's databases was easy, as is the merging of records.  No problem there.For previous and longtime users of FTM v11 and below, becoming familiar with this program is going to be a frustrating affair.For newbie's to the hobby, you may have an easier time of getting started.For me, its back to version 11 as this program is too much of a craps shot to ruin my data on.My bottom line is that FTM development team needs to get back to basics because FTM 2011 is too loaded down with unnecessary complexities and pitfalls to be user friendly or accurate.
I thought having a good comprehensive package to help me gather and store ancestry information would be very useful.I tried to install it twice, investing three hours of my time and then gave up.Problem #1. I tried to install it on my laptop running Vista Business, but the installation script repeated halted with an error message stating it could not find a needed file.Problem #2 I gave up on the laptop and tried my desktop PC running Windows XP.The installation seemed to be successful, but when I tried to run the program, it kept insisting that I log onto Ancestry.com.Okay, I tried to set up a new user profile, but it stated that my email is already registered. Okay, I probably logged onto ancestry.com 4 years ago and forgot all about it. So I tried several combinations of user IDs and passwords but was told all those User-IDs password combinations were invalid.It did offer me the option to create a new user ID, but told me my first 5 choices were already in use. So, I tried my emsil address that I know is unique. That didn't work, it doesn't like the @ sign.So, I gave up! Maybe I will try aga9n next year when I have some more patience.
As I've gotten older, I've gotten more interested in genealogy. This software helps you collate stacks of papers into info you can more easily wrap your hands around, but there are still frustrations - from the installation on. I'm a Mac user, so I had to install this software onto my husband's PC. Fortunately, he does Windows support for a living, because the install failed in Windows 7 and he had to fiddle with it for over an hour to get everything to 'take' and for the error messages to stop popping up. I had used ancestry.com for several months about a year or so ago - but it is so expensive, I finally terminated my membership. My hopes were that I could pick up where I left off, as I had downloaded the GEDCOM file from ancestry.com before terminating my membership. The file imported just fine, but Family Tree Maker really really really wants you to connect to ancestry.com. I really didn't want to do that. After 3 generations back, my ancestors are mostly Russian. Before 1850, Russians did not have last names, so there are major limits to what ancestry.com can possibly find for me, anyway - plus, I installed this FTM software because I was trying to avoid using an online resource that hooks you in and costs $20/mo. The software is not intuitive and takes some time to learn to use. For long-time genealogy buffs, some of the menus and terminology may be old hat - but for neophytes, it can be a bit of a struggle to learn. The software is a bit of a memory hog - if you have just about any other app open, FTM is going to crash. While the software does make some parts of genealogy research organization easier, the learning curve is a bit steep for me to get much benefit out of it. It would be nice if they'd take the user-friendly aspect of ancestry.com and put it into an app where you don't have to keep paying $20 per month.
My biggest complaint was that the  installation failed on Windows 7.  I tried jumping through hoops and it wasn't happening. I was able to install the program on an older laptop with Vista and it loaded fine.  As for the program itself, I have to admit, I'm not all that impressed. Maybe I expected too much?  You have to still save your own files separately as the program will not do it for you. To me, it was as if someone handed me a blank scrapbook and said, "Here, now fill it".  I am glad to read that others enjoyed the program.  Unfortunately, I wasn't one of them.
I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to install this software (I use Vista) and get it up and running. This is my first experience with the Family Tree Maker, so I cannot compare it to previous versions.It's fairly simple to make a simple family tree right away, but there are a lot of extra features (adding notes, photos, etc.) that require digging into the manual. Getting around the software is not very intuitive either - some things are very easy to figure out, and others had me scratching my head.The Family Tree Maker is fun to use and would be especially useful for kids' projects, but to me it feels like an unnecessary add-on to the Ancestry.com website. The website has a lot of the same capabilities as the software, so I don't see the point of using both...The Family Tree Maker does come with a free trial of Ancestry.com, but you have to enter your credit card information to take advantage of it. You will then be automatically charged every month if you forget to cancel.In addition, while Ancestry.com may be great for finding information on some families, I found ZERO information on mine (my family emigrated from the former USSR). I feel that this software will be very hit or miss with users - some may find a lot of value in it, and others will just say "what's the point?"
I've been working with this program for  a few months and still find it frustrating.  The simplest concepts, like layering, seem hard to execute. Functions like "Red Eye Removal", which sound very basic to me, alters entire images instead of just the eyes. Smuge removal (the main thing I wanted to do with the program) makes hideous blotches on scanned pictures, far worse than the dust and smudges actually on the old prints.  The key functions are whatever the opposite of organic is - metalic?  Everything clunks along, never clearly explained, and you find yourself wondering what just happened with such frequency that you pretty much want to quit. The book that came with it is a wonderful excerise is redundancy without much actual explanation of use. I think it is primarily designed to make you buy an expensive book that actually explains how this program can be optimized.  But I'm hot going to spend the money on it. I am lucky, I didn't pay for this program, was just asked to check it out. Bottom line: Unimpressed.
As in any program, item and such there are pluses and minuses to it. The pluses that I have found with Photo Pro x3 are that, as a photographer who has a graphic design degree, I absolutely LOVED the fact that when I opened it up, I was able to see all the files on the left hand side of the program and could scroll through each folder and pick the photos or graphics that i want to look at and work on. Instead of having to open them each through the "file-> open-> browse" menu's. Its all just right there ready for you when you open it! When you pick a file to work on, as I usually download my work onto the computer into files, it opens each file at the bottom of the screen and has a scroller through which I can view the entire folder and pick the photos I would like from there.Then I can go onto and use the express lab or full editor. Depending on what type of needs you have, for instance, if you have a bunch of photos that are more professional you'd want the full editor. But if they are just snapshots that need just a little bit of tweaking you can use the express lab. Both are unique in their own ways.It has all the expected general tools, such as blemish control, contrast and brightness selections, marquee, cropping, etc. As in most programs there are many effects filters and things like this, but they are still mostly useless for serious work (as they are in other programs).I was a bit disappointed about how it worked on my rather new computer that operates some major programs effectively.X3 worked rather slowly. It lagged a lot or didn't respond often when working on images and used up a LOT of memory for some fairly simple tasks. While converting images it also lagged on the preview screens way too much, and I wasn't able to adjust anything effectively because of this issue. Being a professional photographer this program doesn't meet my needs for being able to work efficiently. I don't consider this an extremely professional program.It is fun to play with and I hope to see what Corel can come out with in the future because it looks like they are headed into a very awesome future with their programs form the start of how this program is working.
Paintshop Photo Pro X3 seems to be one of those products where a bunch of independently designed tools are thrown together and called a suite. The user interface of most of the tools is very complex and not at all intuitive. For a photo editing suite, I was astonished that I could not find a feature to neutralize the color temperature of a photo by sampling a neutral pixel. There are many better choices out there.
This is very similar to other programs, including some that can be downloaded for free online. I'm hard-pressed to come up with any real pluses to this software at all, in fact it's so hysterically average I barely even look at it after a few weeks.
The best that I can say about this programme, is the functionality of the label maker. The label maker is great with many templates to choose from based on the labels that you want to print on. What's missing on the label maker is the Lightscribe feature. For that, I have emailed Arcsoft and suggested that Lightscribe be added as a programme update.The rest of the programme is a miniature version of "The Print Shop", which is much more inclusive. All features and templates of Greeting Cards, Scrapbooks, and Calanders are extremely lacking. This is clearly not a Platinum version. More like a shareware version with minimal features.There's no printed documentation nor PDF documentation included. Only basic features that is printed on the box.
I allowed a business friend to use this software because I, simply, had no use for it and had mistakenly ordered it through Vine.  However, he also could find no use for it even though he regularly sends high-volume/memory e-mails.  Quite truthfully, if your email system is even remotely good, you have no use for this.  If you're running off a low-quality email system, you might be able to take advantage of it, but the price just doesn't seem right.-AP3-
A big disappointment, after going to the trouble to install this software, I have yet to successfully upload anything! I have tried to upload files in the 40-100 mb size, it never completes the upload, it would be very annoying to try to upload  something larger (it says up to 2 gig possible)It really deserves 1 star but I am hoping they will come up with an upgrade to make it work.This is a really great idea...........that DOES NOT WORK!
This product is secure and super-easy to use. It allows to to upload, store and share large files quite easily. Files are encrypted with 256 bit AES - nearly military grade encryption.This alleviates some issues with file sharing. Normally email can't handle large files. Also encryption and decryption is handled for you.The standard subscription lets you store a maximum of 2GB of storage and 40GB of downloads. This is pretty limiting for some applications. For example - graphic artists, videographers, and other creatives might have the need for a lot more space. There is a Pro plan which allows for 8GB of storage for a higher fee.Buyers should be aware of how much space they may need and plan ahead.In my mind this service is WAY too expensive. Dropbox (for example) provides the same level of service for free (and you can get 250MB of storage for every friend you refer). For a little bit less than this basic level of service, Dropbox gives you 50GB a year.
If you are considering an easy to use word processor and photo editor program, and are willing to live with Excel circa 1995 and a mid-range slideshow program, this is this is a good productivity suite.  A nice feature is that every program in this suite allows you to export into pdf.  Don't believe the fanboys who can't say anything negative in their reviews- this is not a bona fide replacement for Office 2010. It's a decent set of programs for people who will never use more than 100 lines in Excel or give a full fledged Powerpoint presentation.  The documentation is non-existent so you need to be good at pressing F1 for help.Corel had a legitimate competitor with WordPerfect not so long ago, and the quality of the Write program shows. The synonym and spell check functionality has many more suggestions than MS Word, and I liked the uncluttered interface.  It does not however, have anything approaching the graphical editing prowess of Word.  I couldn't draw a box around my paragraph with the border button because it was broken.The photo editor is a good basic editor that cleans red eye, crop, rotate, and touch up.  You can insert basic stock graphics like elephants and flowers.  Photoshop it is not, but it is plenty sufficient for maintaining home photo albums.Calculate- I can't say anything good about this program.  It felt like an afterthought.  The sort function doesn't recognize the top row so you might as well forget about ever sorting any spreadsheet with row labels.  The filter function works but is not recognized by the quick sum or quick count function on the lower right corner of the sheet.  You can't copy and paste a within a filtered range, and when you clear the filter, the data sometimes doesn't go back to the full data set.  The pivot table requires you to set all your parameters and then run the table, and there is no drag and drop.  If you have to review business spreadsheets at home and don't want shell out for Excel, I'd recommend Adobe's free Open Office.  With all it's faults and manual features, it is light years ahead of this sad little program.Bottom line- This is a decent program under the following circumstances-You hate Microsoft's monopoly.You don't have the extra clams for Office 2010.You don't need Excel or Powerpoint and are happy with a just a decent painting, photo, and word processing program.Otherwise, save you money and buy Office.  It's the industry standard for a reason.
I would like to have a lighter weight suite for home use. Unfortunately this is not it.First of all this is NOT a new program, nor is it a Corel developed one. It is a Corel re-branding of Ability Home Office with a couple of other programs thrown in. (Note the "Version 5.0.98.787" under Help/About.) It is also available from Corel as Corel Home Office with only Write, Calculate and Show.Since it is a clone of AO, and not a true Corel product, WordPerfect and Quattro Pro are not supported (importable or exportable) formats. Surprisingly, it supports Ami Pro and Lotus Word Pro, but not Lotus 123.By default the program loads with the ribbon interface. This severely limits the options available to the user. Click on "Options" on the top right side of the screen and choose "Toolbar Mode" and restart the program. Now you have the complete menus and access to many more commands. EVERY PROGRAM WITH THAT D*** RIBBON SHOULD HAVE THIS OPTION.The Help file doesn't take the ribbon interface into account. I assume this is because AO doesn't have this option and Corel couldn't be bothered to update the Help file.As a standalone program, it has some nice features, but is limited in what it can do. It also tends to be a bit too buggy for a V.5 program.WriteText Boxes: The only text box border is a single line. Other styles are available but do not work. If you insert a background texture into a text box and later change your mind, there is no way to delete it.There is only one style of column called balanced columns. Unlike "newspaper" style columns, in which the left column fills up before starting on the right one, "balanced" columns have the same number of lines all the way down the page. I don't find this style of column very useful.CalculateProtecting sheets and locking/hiding cells: The Help file says sheets can be protected. If you are using the default ribbon interface there is no "Protect" on the Tools menu, and only available if you switch to the old style menus. There is no "Protect" option when right clicking on the sheet tab.Locked cells are indicated by a forward slant cross-hatched background. Hidden cells are indicated by a backward slant cross-hatched background but are still visible. When cells are formatted with either (or both) they print with the cross-hatching. Unlocking or unhiding cells does not remove the background lines.There is no provision for passwording sheets.Formulas are Case Sensitive. If you have a simple logical if-than-else formula [if(A1="y",1,0)] and cell A1 is entered as "Y" the formula will come back as "0." No other spread sheet I have ever used works like this, all the way back to 123 and SuperCalc in the late '80's.Compatibility with MS OfficeIf you want a program to import MSO documents faithfully, you would do well to look elsewhere. Frankly I am surprised so may reviewers give Corel a pass on this one.Word to WriteI loaded some simple Word documents (.doc format) into Word 2007 and CHO. Simple documents with simple formatting, no pictures, headers or footers, or tables.Conversion was spotty at best, and even simple documents failed to convert properly. For example: One document didn't open at all.Others opened, but CHO seems to space lines differently than Word, resulting in lines carrying over to the next page. It did, however, usually retain Word's page breaks. This sometimes resulted in a page with only a couple of lines or no lines at all (just a blank page). Other times the page break in the Word document was ignored.It doesn't always maintain formatting. Some documents formatted with full justification imported as left justification.It did so poorly with these documents I didn't even try more complex ones.Excel to CalculateSince you can't password a document, you can't open passworded documents.Others opened with a black or colored background. (I think these Excel sheets were protected.)Several spreadsheets with logical formulae imported (eventually) but none of the answers were correct because the formula was entered in lower case and the text in the cells were in upper case. The same files imported into Quattro Pro and OO Calc imported and worked correctly.PowerPoint to ShowI only have a few PowerPoint documents, but the one with sound opened/played o.k., but without sound.I didn't bother to load the either Paint It or Photo Album.ConclusionOver all, I am unimpressed with this program. If it was a V.1 I would give it more leeway, but for a V.5 program it executes too poorly for me to recommend it. Unlike many of Corel's other products, this one does not come with a 30 day money back guarantee.Before purchasing this program, go to Corel's web site and download the trial version of Corel Home Office. If you like what it does, come back to Amazon and purchase it here.
Well, it is cheaper than Office, but that's about it.  If you cannot afford Office, I still wouldn't recommend this, as you can simply use Office Online or Google Docs.  This is a bit flashier than the free online editing software, but it isn't worth paying for.  Unfortunately, in the battle for software dominance, Corel has become an also-ran.
When it comes to office packages, users have a wide variety of choices in the "inexpensive" category that includes limited suites with a handful of useful programs culled from the more expensive versions.Complicating matters is the recent Microsoft move to offering Works for free on new computers along with an ad laden version of Word that harasses users into buying an upgrade or forever risk being bombarded with nags.  You don't have to buy Word and are free to use the limited version forever, but count on pop-ups begging you to drop a wad of bucks for the full version.Along comes Corel's answer, Home Suite.  It includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation, photo album and photo editing (painting) tools.  Unlike Works it appears this is a new program just recently created for the market.While that sounds great a price tag of $60 is a bit steep.In fact, a recent price check shows Corel WordPerfect Office X4 standard going for $30 and X5 standard being sold for $65 (and this is the most recent suite).  These are the equivalents of Microsoft's expensive Office series so you can see a problem with pricing starting to develop here.Why pay $60 for limited programs when $5 more will get you the whole shebang?  For a slight increase you can also get email and calendar functions while staying in the Corel family if that's what you prefer.Might explain why some outlets are selling Home Suite at a discount of roughly $20 off retail.But does it stand out from the crowd?  Corel was once an industry leader with WordPerfect and that program outdistanced Word for a short period, but the company has fallen on hard times in recent years along with the likes of Lotus's Smart Suite (now freeware called IBM Symphony).I'd like to root for the underdog but I just can't.  The public is a fickle mistress that demands eye candy and functionality along with decent pricing and Corel just hasn't hit the mark in all categories.From a usage standpoint it's a dream.  Controls and options are intelligently designed and presented so that even novice users can discover and use commands.  Kudos in that respect and most users probably won't have to use the help functions much.Installing the program is straightforward and takes all of a couple minutes with no quirks or interruptions other than entering the serial numbers.  Notice I said numbers - you have 3 to enter (one each for the photo album, the paint program and the suite itself). If your internet connection is active it'll also do a quick check for updates and prompt to register the product.You do get a minimalistic but properly designed main menu interface that includes buttons for the 3 main programs plus a link at the bottom for updating.  One gripe I always had with Works is that the interface is busy and new users often get brain freeze trying to figure out what to click.In word processing you get Write, not WordPerfect; however, this lesser version is nothing to shy away from.  Write even comes with a ribbon interface much like Word 2007.  A PDF creation add-on is also there -- something you won't see in Works or MS Office (the last time I checked).  Of course, you'll see the usual template and graphics options that are now considered standard along with AutoSpell and AutoCorrect.But that's where the gee-whiz factor ends.  You type and the words appear on the screen.  Click on the print icon and the document grinds out of your printer.  Been there, done that.  Yawn.Calculate is a basic spreadsheet that would make a good checkbook register or small business log.  That isn't necessarily bad, though.  There is a market for users that don't need or can't stand the huge and bloated spreadsheets programs normally found.  The interface is a down-to-business and easy enough to decipher. Again, you can covert final products to PDF for transfer to others.Paint It! is a unique and somewhat guilty pleasure in which you can take pictures and turn them into paintings, sketches or whatever else you like.  I found it unique that the work is done before you, not in the background.  Want a watercolor conversion?  Load the picture and push the command button and the picture will be painted in front of your eyes.Of note, Paint It! is not in the main menu interface, hence the extra serial number.  It's in the main Windows menu.  Also, this is not a mini Photoshop Essentials clone. This is strictly for doing pencil or colorized conversions of existing pictures. If your picture has red eyes it will still have red eyes after the conversion.Show is their presentation package that for a lack of a better term I'll call PowerPoint light.  Templates and other items you take for granted with PowerPoint are not here but it's sufficient for student or limited usage.  On a positive note, it's not as busy as PowerPoint in the menu area and is incredibly easy for even first-timers to figure out.One big demerit is the warning that Photo Album 7 isn't designed for Windows 7.  Excuse me?  In retrospect it would have been better to leave it out because 7 already comes with rather impressive video media capabilities so the need isn't there.  Worse yet, just the name with 7 at the end could confuse buyers into thinking it will work.  I didn't bother installing it because of the warning and my aversion to loading programs that could cause problems.And this will undoubtedly hamper sales greatly.  The warning is on the side under system requirements (in tiny print) but does not appear on the inside flap highlighting the program.  That is going to upset some buyers, especially those that assume everything included will work.Corel proudly states Home Suite is compatible with MS codes like .doc, .docx, .ppt and .xls and it is, to a point.  Most of my documents, spreadsheets and presentations did open without a hitch but the usual quirks will show.  Elaborate formatting and cell structuring will cause misplaced entries but that is to be expected.In all fairness, this is typical of attempting to convert documents from one program to another.  Something is bound to go MIA because no industry standard has ever been adopted (unless you go .pdf, .txt or .rtf).  Conversions from one program to another are always fraught with pitfalls.The real question at this point is does it work any better than concurrent retail or free versions?I just can't say yes.  True, it's slick and intuitive but so are any of the other small office suites out there.  Other than Paint It! nothing really jumps out and the inclusion of a program that isn't designed for Windows 7 is a letdown.Home Suite does the job for which it's intended - light office duties or as a suite for a student.  Problem is, so does OpenOffice.org at a grand total of $0 and it comes with database, calendar and other functions not found in Home Suite or Works.But what's most peculiar is that Corel appears to be competing with itself.  Their WordPerfect Office X5 suite can be found for just $5 more and it's a full fledged MS Office counterpart.  Customers shopping outside of Corel's website can find great deals and this will come back to haunt Home Suite.Unfortunately I can't justify a $60 outlay given what I know about other programs in the same category.This is why I just can't recommend it.
Because that's the real competition for users within this product's range -- not Microsoft Office.Putting this product on my computer made me flinch a bit as I was very concerned about how intrusive, how buggy and how laden with unnecessary junk it was going to be. Here it is:1. Corel Home installs cleanly and isn't a hog on system resources. It would've been nice if this whole package installed in one process with one serial number - but it doesn't.2. Corel Write doesn't look to flag for grammar and you can't do track changes either. They decided not to include the Oxford Dictionary function. Yikes.3. These programs have some compatibility with Microsoft Office and that's a huge drawback. The product says that it does but I found it to have spotty performance importing. I had word documents that ended up looking like Matrix code.4. Forget about end notes or saving files with Meta-Data if that's your thing. Aint happening.5. You cannot import PDF files for editing. What a loss. I do a lot of PDF editing so this was a huge thing for me.These are the biggies.For the price they're asking, if you don't want to kick down for Microsoft Office or you're gun-shy for some reason in using the free program Open Office (which is painfully superior to this) barring all the reasons above, then this might be for you.It's a good thing to have competition, but having something so stripped down to the point where you lose some very basic functionality in the real world just becomes questionable.Photo Album Deluxe actually caused some problems. I was a bit upset at some of the decisions made with file associations that were 'default.' The program caused some orphaning which was remedied after some tedious tinkering, but no real harm done.Paint It! Was incredibly gimmicky and shou'd've just been an update with one of there other programs, but some people may like it. I doubt it will become a useful staple.I've reviewed a lot of Corel Products over the last four years and for the most part they've been good. This one ... hmmm.The cover shows a woman smiling and hugging a 15" monitor screen. You may end up hugging something and you probably won't be smiling based upon not being able to finish a project with this program. Sorry folks....
Typically I use different brands for my photo & video editing/ label making etc.  My usual brand is such a resource hog that I decided to give Media Expressions a try.  It loaded easy enough but it just doesn't cut it.  There are some very basic tasks I need to accomplish with my photos.  Media Expressions makes what was easy, so time consuming it was rather unbelievable. I feel like I have to "jump through hoops" to get to do some of the basic tasks I want to do. I was so disgusted that I searched around & found free photo software online.  It was easier & faster to use with plenty of nice features!To be fair, Media Expressions does have cute little clip art & other little fun things that you can play around with. It's inexpensive as far as software goes. I guess it's okay for some hence my 2 star rating rather than 1. However, if I handed this to my Grandmother, she wouldn't be able to understand much less use it.Do I recommend this?  I have mixed feelings.  It's cheap so that's nice.  But you can get the same stuff for free.  BUT if you can't get online much you will want software.  So I guess that's where I stand, if you want to go for some cheap software as back up for when you can't be online then this might get you by. Don't forget that Windows automatically comes with similar software.
I've worked with Zip files since the days of downloading PKZip for DOS, and I thought WinZip was a brilliant leap forward before most operating systems integrated basic Zip compression and decompression. I won't even start on Stuffit on the Mac side. Since then, the need for WinZip seemed to be waning, and I was really curious to see what the (unusually named) WinZip Mac brought to the table.Not a whole lot, as it turns out.Corel has sadly hopped on the activation bandwagon, which is always disappointing for me to see on the Mac platform. But, it led me to believe that there was something really stellar under the hood.Again, not so.If you keep WinZip open at all times, it unzips files about as fast as the built-in decompression utility. If not, it's really, really, REALLY pokey starting up (for reference, this is on a MacBook Pro with a 7200 RPM drive, 4 gigs RAM, and a 2.4 Core 2 Duo). Either way, the decompression is as fast or slower than what you already have.The next big disappointment is that WinZip Mac doesn't include any of the contextual functions found in WinZip for Windows. Right-clicking or Control-clicking a file doesn't give you any new options, so anything interesting you'd want to do is drag-and-drop within WinZip.Really, the only mildly interesting thing that WinZip Mac is capable of, is letting you view the contents of a Zip file before decompressing. In the days of expensive storage with self-executing Zip files with contents unknown, this was a huge asset. But today, the value is questionable. Since WinZip Mac claims to need Snow Leopard to run, it isn't as though this is designed for legacy Macs where disk space is at a premium.For the sake of testing, I created a couple of image-packed Zip files to check out the browser. It took long enough that I thought WinZip was extracting to /tmp and invoking Quick Look from OS X. Well... I know it isn't writing to /tmp. Functionally though, it might as well.Rounding out the feature set, you can deal with encrypted files. That's great, if you've never heard of Keka, which is free. If, on the other hand, you have heard of Keka, the only encryption feature you get in WinZip Mac is the ability to use 256-bit encryption to create files. (Decryption is in Keka, and the developers have said this month that 256-bit encryption is coming.)So all things considered, WinZip Mac saves you a few minutes from downloading (free) UnrarX and Keka, and has a so-so file browser. And for a few bucks, I can see that being a pretty good deal. Heck, if it had the elegance of any application developed by Panic, I could see paying close to half of MSRP on this. But given the easy to find and easy to use free software that's available, I don't see how Corel can justify the price of WinZip Mac, other than bilking Windows switchers who recognize the name out of money.
I had high hopes for this program - what I really wanted from it is to be able to compress video and picture files a bit more than the standard zipper that comes with the Mac operating system.It turns out, it makes very little difference to the size of the files, compared to the compressor I already have (and you have, if you have a Mac running the OS that you need to run this program).  It's not noticably faster either.  (Even though this does a different kind of file compression than the kind you use to make video files smaller while retaining quality, you should expect that highly compressed video is not going to be compressed much further with WinZip - and that's what I saw: compressing raw video files tended to save some space, while compressing finished and compressed video files didn't make much of a difference).Where it would be some advantage is if you had to compress a lot of files.  Or if you needed to compress and encrypt them at the same time.  Also, if you receive or download a lot of zipped files, you can use this to "peek" inside before uncompressing, and for some that might be a very useful feature.What I do, mostly, is send and receive files from students and family, and I'm not all that worried about security, and for that the main issue is to be sure that the file is small enough that I can email it and they can receive it, or that I've got some kind of server set up where they can FTP it and then size isn't as much of an issue.  So, as it turned out, I didn't find this to be all that useful for me.I do like that it's an easy to use interface, and that it's been redesigned to look like a simple Mac application.  I wouldn't recommend this to most users though - your average Mac user just doesn't need it, and I expect I'll rarely ever use it, and when I do it will be to accomplish something I could accomplish another way with maybe a few extra steps.  It would probably only be useful for users who regularly receive zipped files, or zip and encrypt large quantities of files for something job-related.
Kaspersky Pure is a new all-in-one package from the Russian anti-malware veterans, combining security with backup, parental control and tune-up modules. If your anything like me, you care about 2 things.  First will this program bring my PC to a crawl and second, does it work.At first glance it looks like an attempt to hop on the Norton 360 bandwagon, but as the seemingly clean front-end opens up into a rabbit's warren of subpanes showing statistics and configuration options, you realize it's a more complex, less novice-friendly program.  So if you not that strong technically, STAY AWAY from this program.THE GOOD &#8232;Good collection of security tools. Good with antivirus, smart firewall controls of access for applications. Full remote management over network.THE BAD &#8232; The software bluescreened our test computer, which is BBBAAADDDDDD but Windows was able recovered our PC. Access control feature will blocked both malware and valid programs which could be a pain if you don't know what your doing.BOTTOM LINE &#8232;Not user friendly and it bluescreened our test  pc.  Pass and look at other options.
Before installing this anti-viruse my computer was runnning fine, it was really fast and performed excellent. Unfortunately I ran accross this Norton 360 and all changed.My system, overall, is significantly slower, especially when Norton is updating. The protection is fine but it does slow down my machine. I switched to Kasperski and that problem was solved completely, no more performance issues.
Everything was running along swimmingly on my HP desktop prior to the installation of Norton 360 version 5.  I'd previously hadKaspersky Pure 3-Useron this machine, both of which I obtained as part of the Amazon Vine reviewer program.  Kaspersky Pure had been on my PC for three months and I'd noticed no problems with it - doesn't hog resources, unobtrusive - however it can be a bit slower than I like on the scans. I've avoided Norton products for approximately 6 years because they've proved to gobble resources, however after reading lots of positive reviews for the product, I jumped at the chance to give it a try through Vine.Installation of this product was super fast!  Under 3 minutes from the time I put the disk in the drive until it was installed.  Automatic Update (Live Update) didn't start automatically, but I manually upgraded the virus updates and scanned the computer with the quick scan.  No issues were found.  I attempted the full scan, but found my PC kept dropping into sleep mode, which stopped the scan.  I decided to abort.After looking at the dashboard of this software I was mighty impressed with the offerings, and looking forward to added features not found on Kaspersky, such as Facebook Wall scanning of links.  I tried it and it seemed to be working, but it said 'scanning' for hours... and finally I got tired of it and stopped it.  The features are rich in this software suite as outlined by other reviewers, however I found it tough to get all of them to work for me.I did run the Norton 360 Registry Cleaner - something I usually do with free software; Glary Utilities or CCleaner, after running a quick scan.  This may be the root cause of the crash that happened later.Happy with the software initially, I installed it on a second machine - a Win 7 laptop.  Both machines have been upgraded to Win 7 from Vista 64-bit, and neither had pre-existing problems prior to the Norton installation.  The laptop is my back-up PC, and I've not played with it since installing Norton and running the Live Update.  (I hope it fares better than the desktop - read on.)This morning I fired up the desktop and it seemed less smooth in opening Windows than usual.  Once open, I didn't notice anything fussy though and did a quick check of email before heading to the gym.  Came home to a black screen.  Usually that would mean it was in 'sleep', so I tried to wake it and realized it was awake.  Then I thought... monitor must be dead.  Check its connections and power - it was fine.  After troubleshooting as best I could without a monitor I shut things down and restarted.  I was able to get the opening screen giving me options like 'boot sequence', which is when I grabbed my Windows 7 Rescue Disk that I made when I upgraded.  I booted to the disc drive and did a system restore prior to Norton's installation.  Problem solved! PC is back and Kaspersky Pure is back too. Less feature-rich, but stable.I'll keep Norton 360 on the laptop until it crashes that one, but I'm disappointed in Norton once again, and it's probable I'll avoid them for the foreseeable future.  I'm an intermediate to advanced PC user who has tried over 20 different software utility suites in the past 10-12 years, and while I really, really wanted to like Norton 360 for all that it promises, I can't and won't recommend it to anyone due to its problematic instability.
I am running Windows 7 and am just an old lady trying to survive in an everchanging technological world. I need things to load easily, work flawlessly, and have tech support available easily. NONE of this is true with this version of Norton. Pass.
I upgraded to Norton 360 from previous versions of Norton Utilities and Norton Internet Security (installed separately).Based on the product comparison information, I thought that many of the Norton Utilities features would be included in Norton 360.  However, what I discovered, is that while some of these much-loved features may be there in name (like Disk Defragmentor) ... they do not appear to be there in their full capabilities.Norton 360 seems to have removed almost all detailed information about these "Optimization" features, even when they are running, so you really can't tell if they are working as before, or if they have been watered-down.For example, the Disk Defragmentor scan used to visually show you how much disc fragmentation existed, from which types of programs, etc. I found this information very useful in determining (1) whether it was worth pushing the "degragment now" button (since this results in HOURS of high-intensity PC and hard drive use that means you can't do much other work on your PC) ... and (2) what specific programs were contributing to the fragmentation, so that I could adjust their settings (e.g. temporary folder locations, etc.).I love the idea of simplifying the product interface and moving "advanced" level detail one screen deeper in the application.  In this case however, it appears that some pretty major functionality from Utilities has either been removed altogether, or just not possible to access via the new 360 interface.If the Norton Utilities features (primarily PC performance optimization) are important to you, I would suggest continuing to buy the Norton Utilities product separately.
I was pretty stoked about trying out this software. I had the version from a few years ago and was enticed by this version's promise of getting up and running, building scenes and animations, etc. fairly easily. I had recently used iClone's Reallusion and was expecting something similarly geared toward the amateur.Well, shucks! It looks pretty similar to my old version. There is no logical workflow presented which would, say, let you first select a character, then perhaps the face, clothes, animation, etc. Poser starts with a figure in the viewer, and when you select a figure, it is added to the scene instead of replacing the default one. Adding clothes and animations is not terribly intuitive. None of it is, really.Positioning the figures is another area where improvement is needed. If you twist or bend a body part one way, twisting or bending in the reverse direction results in little unexpected kinks in the skeleton. You'll have to get used to using the parameter dials for best results.Note that there is an option to create "anatomically correct" models.It lacks control over rendering apart from the provided presets. For that, you need the more expensive version.That's not a biggie, since it's geared to the newbie or noodler. However, unfortunately the rest of the program is, similarly, not designed with this user segment in mind. What they seem to have done instead is take a more powerful version of Poser and simply stripped out some features, rather than take the time to redesign it for their target audience - a classic software blunder. This program has a lot of capability, but you will need to learn The Poser Way to get the most out of it. Whether you can spend the time to do so is a question you will want to consider when deciding whether to purchase this. If there is a trial version available, I would strongly suggest trying it out first.
I wasn't pleased with this program. I have all of the right requirements on my computer, however, it took over 2 hours t0 load and now won't even open! I've uninstalled it, because it seems just having it on there is causing my computer slowing and stalling issues.
I've been using Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 and I am not too enthusiastic about it. It does have some added value over online mapping solutions. However, it also has a lot of issues and in the end it is not a product I would pay for.It is easier to create detailed multi stop routes using Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 than using online mapping solutions. I especially like the "Find Nearby Places" feature. The Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 application also has a lot more options and settings and it is easier to personalize. It is nice that you can work off-line and save your plans as a document, reload the file, update the route, save again, etc.You are also supposed to be able to download your routes to your GPS device. This would be a nice feature if it worked. However, I have never gotten this to work. I have no problem downloading maps and other features to my GPS devices from, for example, the Garmin web site and other sites. However, I get "device not detected" no matter which Garmin GPS I use, and no matter which USB port I use, and no matter which computer I use, despite the fact that all USB ports work and my Garmin devices have no problem communicating with other sites.The Help does not contain anything helpful, and none of the on-line information I found was helpful. I tried a number of things that did not work. Microsoft thinks it is the vendor who should inform you whether the GPS device is compatible with Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 and the vendor nearly dies laughing when he hears that. Basically, customer support does not exist and you won't get any help, and it simply does not work. Well, I know that some lucky people get this to work but from reading forums I know this is a common unresolved issue.Anyway, other things I do not like is that Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 is notorious for freezing up and the route path on the map is way too thick and ugly and I did not find a setting to change it. I also don't think the maps look that nice. Between the online mapping solutions (Google maps, MapQuest, Bing, etc) and my GPS devices Microsoft Street and Trips 2011 adds very little value and with the issues I don't think this product is worth its price. That's my two cents.
I have last year's version and previous years as well. I attempted install on a W7 computer and the install failed. Tried it on another (different model) and the install failed there as well. Checked nonlinear with Microsoft and there are no listed install problems with Windows 7 in general.
I would give this one star, but the disc version is completely DRM free. No activation needed. Nitro PDF on the other hand has some nasty DRM that should be avoided at all costs.This being DRM-free is the main reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of 1. Functionality wise, however, Adobe stomps all over this program. I know I shouldn't be comparing this to Adobe Acrobat, but that's what I use and this one doesn't even come close.Let's talk about PDF to Word conversion. Assume you have a PDF document with (1) a page border line, (2) inside that page you have a textbox with it's own smaller border, and (3) you also have some horizontal lines. If you use PDF Fusion to make the conversion to Word, all borders and lines will be converted as a single background picture which allows for zero flexibility. Acrobat on the other hand, did save the page border as a background picture, but the horizontal lines were converted to actual MS Word line shapes, and the textbox border was created as a separate square picture. Acrobat was just plain smarter.Editing text is also very counter-intuitive. Another minor quirk I have is the fact that you are allowed to insert blank pages only when viewing the document from a certain view (and the normal page view where you do the editing is not it).The difference in functionality between this and Acrobat is immense. Think WordPad vs MS Word difference.
PROS:Inexpensive PDF creation programSlick user interfaceGreat fidelity when converting PDF to Word documents (or other Microsoft Office files)CONS:Other products offer more features at a similar priceMinimal and clunky editing featuresCannot fill in PDF formsLowest fidelity of tested PDF manipulation software when converting complicated document files to PDFLow quality graphics rendering when converting documents to PDFOnly minimal control over output settings compared to other productsNo OCR feature (found in Nuance PDF Converter 7, which is priced similarly)Not much added value to available free productsCorel PDF Fusion is the latest PDF conversion and manipulation software offering from Corel.  Although it sports a sleek interface, the software is disappointing when compared to its main rivals.  It offers basic features and a sleek interface, but in the end it does not allow for simple editing of PDF documents, filling/saving PDF forms, and does not convert Office documents to PDF with the best fidelity.Before I start the review, I have to admit that I have a bias.  I truly believe that if you really want the best of PDF conversion software and that spending the money isn't an object that you should just go with Adobe X Pro.  Adobe is still the gold standard for PDF conversion, creation, and manipulation out there.  The Adobe X Pro product also can do things that lesser programs simply cannot do.  Adobe users can create far more sophisticated PDF documents, easily deploy PDF forms to the web or by email, and even collect data from such forms.There are problems in paradise for the average user, however.  The Adobe software is large and cumbersome and comes with a hefty price tag.  Moreover, although Adobe also makes some of the most versatile and powerful software out there, they have a knack for making software that isn't so intuitive.  It can take a lot of time to simply learn how to use the program.  For the average Joe who just wants to easily view some PDF documents, convert some of these to PDF, and fill in some forms and save them,  Adobe's offering is probably too much.Enter programs like Corel PDF.  Corel sports a very user friendly, streamlined interface and is very simple to use.  Viewing documents is as simple as dragging them into the program's window.  They are quickly tabbed and can be viewed in standard page view; or you can use flick view--a cool animated mode where you flip through the pages with a flick of your mouse; or you can put them in assembly view, where you can mix and match pages from PDF or even other document types to make a new multi-page PDF document.  Simple edits can be made to show someone how to revise the text.  Text can be highlighted, struck out, underlined, or redacted.  Comments/notes are easily placed.Sadly, this is where the advantages to this program end.  The program does not allow you to easily make simple changes to the text or even fill in PDF forms and save them.  You cannot edit directly in the document as you do with a simple word processor.  This kind of editing is found in most other paid-for PDF editing packages.  (NOTE: You can edit text only by highlighting and replacing it.  A pop up panel comes up when you highlight and you then select text editing.  You then get a window that has the highlighted text in the box.  You can replace this or edit it, but if the number of characters is greater than the space available, the result is text overlap and a shabby looking document.)  For me this was a major negative and a non-starter.  There are plenty of free programs for PDF production and conversion that allow you to do all the things that PDF Fusion allows you to do.  They may not be as pretty, but they are certainly as capable.  Most free offerings that aren't simply readers allow for form filling, simple editing, and saving.  Editing text from within a PDF is a rarity for free PDF program; but if I am paying for the program I want the ability to edit easily.When it comes to converting Microsoft Office documents to PDF, PDF Fusion does an acceptable job.  But Nuance's offering(PDF Converter Professional 7.0)and Nitro PDF Pro (Nitro PDF Professional V6) do a much better job of maintaining document fidelity.  (In fact, if all you are interested in is PDF conversion, you can download Nitro PDF's free PrimoPDF converter and get the same high fidelity PDF conversion free of charge.)Corel's rendering of graphics was simply not up to snuff.  PDF Fusion, even at the highest quality settings rendered pictures that were too fuzzy.  The edges of curved lines on the Corel rendering were jagged and of too low a resolution.  Most of the font replacement choices were similar to the original, but some of the text got lost at the ends of each text box.  This leads us back to the editing problem: because you are unable to easily edit the final PDF, you are pretty much stuck with the errors if you use PDF Fusion.  The Nuance and the Nitro PDF products gave a truer rendering of the document, without fuzzy graphics or jagged lines.  They also lined up the text properly.  But if there were an error in the document, you could easily edit the document using these products. None of the renderings were perfect, but the Nuance and Nitro PDF products were pretty darn close to the original.[Remember, all PDF products, including the venerable Adobe products, are not great text/graphic editors.  Most people develop a potential document in another form and then convert it to PDF, making minor edits or adding fill-in fields for forms, when necessary.  But I believe that the ability to make these edits is really the dividing line between free PDF converters and the kind that you pay for.]The Nuance and Nitro PDF products also have tabs or tool bars that insert themselves into Microsoft Office programs for easy access to PDF conversion on the fly.  Corel does not incorporate these.  One other quibble: PDF Fusion allows you to save files without the added extension.  (This means that they are saved without the '.pdf' or '.doc' etc.) You can open the files easily enough, but Windows prompts you to select the program required to open the file first--a minor inconvenience.  You can easily rename the file with the appropriate extension, but this is still a nuisance.The Nuance product has an added benefit: optical character recognition. If you import a clear enough picture file, Nuance's PDF Professional 7 will prompt you to make the PDF searchable, searchable and editable, or whether you want to make it a fillable form. This allows you to convert any image file into a PDF that is fully editable and searchable.  This is a benefit that is not to be found in the Corel or Nitro products and is an incredible added value.When it comes to the MSRP, Corel is just a tad cheaper than the Nuance product, although not enough to justify the differences in functionality.  Surprisingly, at Amazon prices as of the day I wrote this review, the Nuance product is actually cheaper and the Nitro PDF product is practically a steal.PDF Fusion definitely gets points for the nicest user interface, but good looks don't quite cut it here.  After using Corel PDF Fusion and comparing it to demos of Nuance PDF Converter Professional and Nitro PDF Pro, my pick would be the Nuance product.  At today's prices it is more expensive than the Nitro PDF product, but it has the most functionality and the most usable (albeit not so pretty)interface of this trio.[NOTE: Please note that I used fully functional DEMO programs for the comparitors.  Although it seems to have the best functionality, you may want to read reviews of the Nuance product before buying:there are a significant reports of activation issues that some reviewers have found makes the Nuance software difficult to use.  It has great functionality at a great price, but the activation issues might impair day-to-day use.  Thanks to Vincent Ng for pointing this out to me.]In terms of finding the product that is right for you, I would suggest that you take advantage of the free trial downloads available from all of these vendors.  Stack them up head to head and see what works best for you.There is no false advertising here--I suppose that PDF Fusion does what it has been marketed to do.  But in the world of pay-to-use PDF software, I would expect much more functionality. And as a cheaper, Adobe X Pro substitute, PDF Fusion really falls short. Given Corel's stature as a software vendor, I am surprised that they were not able to offer a more sophisticated and mature product.  Not recommended.
I've used a good variety of PDF editing software, from the high-end Adobe Acrobat product, down to free annotating tools. Previously my favorite for personal use was PDFFill, a very low-cost tool with the ability to do some text editing and create PDF forms. I'm also familiar with PDF XChange, a range of PDF tools from basic to very advanced with very competitive pricing. Through Amazon Vine, I have had the opportunity to try another product,Nuance PDF Converter PRO. I was fairly impressed with that product and its capabilities, less thrilled with its horrible DRM scheme. So was hoping this Corel software might make up for Nuance's weaknesses.Unfortunately, that was not to be. Yes, it doesn't have the crappy DRM to deal with. And it's got one of the nicest interfaces I've seen so far. But the feature set and implementation on this software is not even close. I think I'd be more inclined to go with the cheapo and not very user-friendly PDFFill over this, it's very overpriced for what you get, and just doesn't work all that well. No OCR? No PDF forms?? Are you kidding me?? Even its conversion from Word to PDF was rather hit or miss. I just can't recommend this when there so many other products for PDF creation and editing that include so much more for the price.
There are may other players out there in the lower cost PDF solution,  Nitro and Nuance are two of the bigger ones.  Adobe Acrobat is too expensive but most users do not require Acrobat.  Many people could also get by with free solutions.  However,I like to have a little more power. so I can batch process and form design. Corel PDF did allow the form design and putting files to together for one PDF file,Corel did design a nice UI but having nice UI does not always translate into an easy to use product.  If you are Adobe Acrobat user there is a learning curve with the interface.  Getting multiple file types to work as one has been a challenge and had resulted in multiple crashes.  Reaching out to Corel support proves nothing more than frustrating.  When you finally get a hold os some they have to go through the basic troubleshooting, which you most likely have done.One nice feature is the plugin for Word allows you to edit XPS files within Word.  Microsoft provided the ability to save as XPS in Word 2010 but not edit.  I doubt they will also because third party program creators would file a complaint.My recommendation is download a trial and see if you have any stability issues.
I rarely write negative reviews as I search for the best in things.  But this $100 program just leaves me dumbfounded as to why it costs so much.I wanted to try and review it for 2 main reasons:1.)  Upgrading old VHS tapes to HD quality2.) Watching my HD camcorder's videos in 3DWhich of those was accomplished?  None.As for the first point above, the HD quality upgrade is nothing more than color saturation of the old videos.  You don't need to pay $100 to do this; cheaper, perhaps even free, programs can do this for you.  Your quality will NOT increase, the saturation of color will increase to try and mimic HD saturation.  That's it.As for the second point well...I have a full HD 3D capable, 3.4 Ghz, 8GB RAM, 2GB video card, computer.  It's a beast.  Yet somehow, God only know why, this program crashes when I try to watch my videos in 3D.  Excellent.  Is it a bug in the program?  Likely.  They need to fix this issue and pronto as the program I have is up to date and so are all of my computer's drivers.But wait, there more!  You'd think they'd at least get the simple player right.  I watched simultaneously an HD recording of a home video in the FREE windows player and the $100 PowerDVD.  Do you know which one had higher quality output?  Thank Bill Gates.  The reason is again simple.  When playing my HD video (in a normal mode, no TrueHD saturation enabled), PowerDVD automatically oversaturates the video to a point of loss of detail in one sense and unrealistic colors in another.  Windows player actually plays it on my computer like my HDTV.  Windows player gives a very characteristic crystal clear life-like HD appearance, while the saturation of PowerDVD actually makes the HD video less realistic and much fuzzier.  While you can desaturate using some options on PowerDVD, why would you pay $100 to go through all that trouble when Windows media player does it for you?Unbelievable.  I'm glad I didn't pay for this as I would be ticked off even more.
I have been a user of PowerDVD since version 5.  It was light years ahead of the competition. I was looking forward to 11 not for all the fluff that Companies that use to sell these days (3D, Control with your iPAD) I was more interested in the 7.1 sound.  The 7.1 option is not normally available in the free versions that come with your Bluray drive.The interface is crowded with a bunch of other junk.  You need to go through all the settings to get it some what usable. After I got the player working the way wanted to, I have some problems with the software freezing on some Blurays.  My Computer setup is Win7 X64, I7-2600K, 16GB RAM, and a SSD so I know it is not my setup.  The Blurays also play fine in my regular bluray playerI have since stopped using the software because of the frustration and cannot recommend to purchase the program.  When you buy a bluray drive make sure  it comes with softwareI gave it two stars because it does play most blurays
I've had this program installed on my Windows 7 64bit Pro computer for a few days.  It was not easy to get it registered, and it was not intuitive to use.  The documentation is in 353 page PDF file, so I have a mixed reaction to it.First, I'm on the higher-end of the "skilled Windows PC users" range, so I can usually figure things out.  I usually don't read manuals, and can usually get most programs to do 80% of what I want them to do just by figuring them out.  However, this one stumped me.  I'm sure the programmers who made this are yelling at me as they read this review... "Hey, read the manual! you are not as smart as you think you are", they are probably saying.  And they are right.Point of Interest:* Registering this product was not very easy* Be really careful to type the product key number in as all caps, and include the dashes.  Note, they do not use "o" or "i" so if you see a 0 or 1, it's a zero or one.* They ship two installation disks, one for Mac, and one for Windows - that's really nice!* This does work on Windows 7 (32 or 64 bit), and that's great too (though I believe its a 32 bit app)* There are some add-ons that you can get once you register it - so use their web site to find the add-ons* They have a Beginner Mode and a Regular/Expert mode (select Beginner to start out with)* When it starts up, you will see a character that has already been made for you, and if you use your mouse and hunt around, you will find how to select a leg or arm, etc, so that you can move that part of the character (pretty cool); this is where the fun comes in.* I did figure some of the basic components out, but ultimately I did need to read some of the supplied help-file (the large PDF) and then I was able to see what and how this works.  This will not make you an instant animation artist buy just clicking a few options.  It's powerful, and will take some time to commit to learning the concept.  But once you do that, it yields some cool results.* Bottom line, if you just want to play with animation, this will take some time to get even the basics worked out. If you want to develop some high end animations, this is probably not the main-stream program that people in the animation field use (just a hunch) but you can create some fun things with it
This was easy to load and install on the computer. Unfortunately once it was installed, it was difficult to use. Their are a lot of comands to get to a simple character that looks hastiy sketched by a child. It really dosn't give you much for your money. The cartoon action is wierd and jumpy. I wouldn't recommend it.
Kaspersky Internet Security 2012 installed in 13 minutes on my Asus Netbook running XP and in under 10 on my quad-core system running 64-bit Windows 7. That includes one reboot each. Since installation both systems have run without any problems. It was interesting that on my netbook I had a half dozen virus-infected files that my previous virus program never caught. Kaspersky identified the files and quarantined them within minutes of being installed.There are lots of additional features like a virtual keyboard and the ability to create an isolated environment for trying new software. For me, all I wanted is a program that will transparently protect me and my computer for the digital daemons. This program does that just fine.UPDATE:  I just ran into my first problem with KIS 2012.  No problem (I thought).  All I do is log in to their support site, submit a case, and receive the solution.  That is what happened in years past with Kaspersky software.  Seems that's no longer the case.  I submitted my case including a description of the problem, steps I had taken to try to resolve it, and a detailed system dump produced by a Kaspersky support tool.  A few hours later I received a reply from support asking me to try some thing, the same things I had said I already tried, and to provide a detailed system dump produced by... you get the picture.  I replied that I tried what they suggestion, reminded them I had provided the dump, and asking what else was needed.  That was over a week ago and the last I've heard from them.  In the mean time I've followed up with emails every few days.  Nothing.Bottom line:  If you are not technical this could would great for you until there is a problem and then you may be out of luck.  If you are very technical then perhaps you stand some chance of resolving the problem yourself.  Me, I'm gong to start looking for a replacement as soon as I can.
I think I've tried about all the different "protection" packages over the years.  Norton, Panda, McAfee, Kaspersky etc.  It's difficult to measure how effective a package is at solving and preventing problems.  I have to pretty much trust in magazine reviews where they objectively measure these things, and Kaspersky always seems to get good ratings.  That's on the plus side.  But you also have to consider the stability and usability.I've not had the best of luck actually *using* this software.  I installed Kaspersky and used the default settings.  I checked it some weeks later, and apparently it hadn't done a scan yet!  Huh?  So I launched a scan manually.  It flashed up a couple of windows at me *very* briefly, then disappeared.  It seemed to say that a virus had been found.  But then the scan completed.  It report showed a couple of viruses, but it wasn't clear from the report whether it had done anything about them.  So I clicked on them.  It gave me some poorly explained options of what I could do about it.  I believe I selected to "quarentine".  No response.  clicked again.  No response.  Huh?  The user interface is just baffling.  What good is finding a virus if you can't do anything about it?  Needless to say I'm not impressed with Kaspersky.  I'm not convinced it is actually doing anything for me other than sucking up cpu cycles and taking up disk space (and money).  I think I'll stick with the other options.
I became a fan of Kaspersky last year when I installed 2011, however, eventually I began to notice some disagreeable tendencies. But that's another review.I have higher hopes for Kaspersky Internet Security 2012, because I need a product I can wholeheartedly recommend to clients. Not one the eats up processor time, sometimes won't run, or locks up, or creates a rescue disk that can destroy the contents of a hard drive.Unfortunately, it did not get off to a very good start. Naturally, it asked me to uninstall all competing anti-virus software, but as those wonderful folks at Spybot pointed out when you attempt to uninstall:"We were not able to reproduce the alleged incompatibility, and Kaspersky is not able to produce an explanation either. We therefore have to assume its request to uninstall Spybot S&D; is just unfair competition.The AntiSpyware coalition defines software that uninstalls other security software as possible malware. Do you really want to trust software that reduces your system's security to improve their shareholder value?You can re-install Spybot S&D; after installing Kaspersky should you tolerate their patronizing and want to continue uninstalling Spybot S&D.;"I uninstalled nothing, of course, including Kaspersky 2011- just to see what happened.What happened was it saw the older version and assumed I was just updating it- told me I had no licenses left, even though it was a fresh copy. I halted the install and uninstalled K-2011. One odd thing- it left its icon on the desktop, and it cannot be removed. Or does anything, or apparently is linked to anything.So: The install took forever, and then it took three tries to get the latest updates, locking up the machine at various times along the way.. The test computer I use exceeds the system requirements by at least 3X, and I am on a T-1And when I finally got to 100%, it had taken nearly a half-hour. Not beyond reason for a first update, but again, weird. And as I explore the program, it continued to freeze, sometimes just itself, sometimes the whole machine, necessitating a forced restart. And as I found with Kaspersky 2011, it will sometimes simply refuse to run.A look at the box- or just exploring the installed product shows a newer fairly clean look, but I would have to say perhaps overly ambitious. I can't list all the features here, but it claims to protect your computer from every threat you have ever heard of, and some you have not, literally, "protection from unknown threats". As with multi-function (faxscanprinter) machines, I would rather have a device- or application that does one thing, and does it well. But the trend seems to be to cram as much into these "internet security" packagesOne feature is intriguing: "Rollback of Malware Changes". I shall have to wait until I come across another seriously compromised machine before I see how well this works.At a simpler level, I scanned a known infected drive, and it found nothing. On the other hand, I attempted to visit a known to be blocked website, and was indeed blocked. Whether or not it is truly infected remains to be seen as I work my way through other products.Included as well is the (to me) infamous Rescue Disk, as I mentioned earlier, on two occasions it totally wiped the drive. I had to explain that it was probably just the Trojan being activated, but I seriously doubt it. The version included id 10, the same as I had been using. It is also available at the Kaspersky website, and no doubt a newer version.It's no small irony that the most recent wave of malware comes in disguised as legitimate anti-malware or Security Software. In essence, at a simple level, it is no different than a legitimate application in that it essentially holds your computer hostage unless you pay. Of course, they usually end up being far from benign, even if you pay the ransom- but who can you trust these days?
I recently decided to try this product and, initially, I was impressed with it. it was simple to install and simple to use and it did not waste a lot with overly bearing looks or requests.  It also ha a feature that keeps up with everything it blocks in graph form, and i like seeing that and noting exactly what has been trying to sneak in. There are also some limited controls - as I said, it is quite basic. Limited, being the key.After a while, I began to wonder why the program didn't catch anything. It reports how many dangerous sites that it sees and blocks and how many threats it turns away, and that number and what i expected to find was not matching my results. That kind of scared me, having had issues in the past, and I went ot another big program to find out the why.The point of that: This thing missed two Trojan Horses.Maybe that happens with other programs too, but I was not thrilled anyhow. At the end of the day, I had to get another program to feel safe, and do some checks to see if anything had been damaged. Considering the dangers on the internet these days, one can never be careful enough.
Unfortunately, I can't recommend Trend Micro Titanium Internet Security 2011. I found it was incredibly slow to load, crashed twice while loading and is definitely a resource hog. The antivirus portion doesn't appears to focus on older threats, only current ones. I think it has poor phishing protection and, its parental controls can be easily hacked. The Antispam portion is almost useless because it will only work with specific e-mail clients. This program did not fit my needs.
Take heed PC users...McAfee has twice let me down on these types of virus/worms, the last one being this week. They happen when you click on a search for Google or stumble-upon.  They look legit (I was looking for articulation therapy materials) then they highjack your PC by telling you it's infected and can't be cleaned without buying their product. There are various names out there  but they basically make it so you can't open ANY windows program...not even Word. McAfee did not detect this as it was happening. I had to install a Spy Doc to find it an remove. Since these have been around awhile, I was hoping the newest addition of the program wouldn't allow these types of infections. Everyone says get a Mac. *sigh*
It's hard to describe how a program that has so many upgrades over prior versions could be so disappointing.  ButMcafee Internet Security 2012 - 3 Usersmanages to fit that description.  The interface seems to have been dumbed down to make it simpler for less advanced users. Yet basic information is now much harder to get as a result.  (Try to find your scan results for completed scans ... go ahead.)  Even stranger is that while most programs have been slimming down to be faster and lighter, the AV scanning engine is noticeably slower and more memory intensive than prior versions.  That's perplexing.  In the past, there were options that allowed for full, quick and custom scans.  Now it seems to default to some sort of nearly full scan.  All I know is that it took hours for the scan to finish, and I had to adjust my computer's power management settings so it wouldn't fall asleep in the middle of a scan.One of the more annoying facets of this program is that they seem to be constantly trying to remind you of all the great stuff it's doing in the background.  Some of those things were done by previous versions, but now there is a pop-up to let you know how great it's working.  Some of those windows don't respond to efforts to close them.  That's annoying.  It's great that the site scanner is verifying my search results, but can you remove that window from my way please?  On the flip side, detailed site scans are much more informative.  They are almost detailed enough for an IT worker to use this feature to research site security and configuration for public sites.This product will work for up to 3 users.  And it provides much more than just anti-virus, including Anti-Malware, anti-spyware and site security analysis.  For those looking for data security and backup, this product integrates a file deletion utility and a backup and recovery tool, both features that are becoming common with AV offerings.  They have even added an automated scanning utility for your external drives.  So if these extra features matter to you, this software may still be one of the top choices.THE ALTERNATIVESPrograms likeTitanium Maximum Security 2012 - 3 Usersmeet all the same needs as a security suite.  Trend's product has fewer alerts, and provides less intrusive comprehensive home computer security.  It might not have the versatility of aKaspersky, or the name recognition ofNortonorMcafee.  But what it lacks in those areas, it makes up for in terms of coverage.But one needn't use a paid alternative.  AVG and Avast have free versions that may lack the extras of this program but are not much slower when it comes to scanning.  Frankly, even Microsoft Security Essentials will meet most people's needs, at a much better value.CONCLUSIONI don't know why my experience is so different from that reported by others.  But I find this version significantly slower and resource intensive than prior versions.  That was true even while using the product on a newer computer, albeit one with average hardware specs.  If you have a powerhouse machine and really need those extra features, this product may be worth looking into.  But otherwise I would recommend you avoid this version.
McAfee is so on top of it that it checks your computer for threats BEFORE it installs itself, even downloading the latest definitions. Then it cleans threats on what is an essentially unthreatened machine. And finishes without a report. If I have ever seen a real program behaving like the malware it fights, here it is. Showmanship, a marketing hook. Or, maybe it really catches stuff, in that case it's a nice feature.And then the inevitable dire warning about having another security app installed, and promising nothing will work right if you leave it installed. True in a few rare cases, but as Spybot S&D; once pointed out, they have tested their product against all the majors and there was no compatibility issues. So, another marketing ploy to eliminate the competition.But all in all, at first glance 2012 seems relatively unchanged since the 2011 version. It strikes me as another unnecessary marketing ploy - and a confusing one- to issue a new name every year- and one that seems peculiar only to home users, enterprise software may release an updates dot-something update, but it's nothing like this. As if they are counting on buyers to think they have to have the whole new unit.Having gotten that out of the way, there are a few new features from 2011, but if you have been using it to your satisfaction, renew for another year and don't worry about it.As a final word, after going through what I perceived to be the registration process (code, connection, activation) it is now telling me I have 14 days to activate my subscription- and none of the hyperlinks take me anywhere to allow this. Even navigating directly to the "Activate Subscription" screen will not allow me to do it. I suppose a call to tech support is what would logically comes next, but I do not think it's worth the time.In earlier times, several stores had very accommodating policies on software returns. Not so much anywhere, including Amazon- must be unopened and in the plastic. I understand the rise of CD ripping has necessitated this, but it is like saying, "Hey, if it doesn't work for you, TS!"  I think at least one "warehouse" store still does, and I would consider that a guideline in any software purchase.In conclusion, I still was unable to "activate" my subscription. I uninstalled it, removed all competing software and went for a reinstall. This time it would not let me get even that far, after I OK the installation, it immediately gives me the "McAfee . . has encountered a problem and needs to close."Permanently.
I installed this on an older desktop running XP Pro with 512MB RAM and a netbook running Windows 7 with 2GB RAM.McAfee tries to force the web installation on you, even though a CD is included. I felt like my Comcast Business internet at my workplace (which is fast) was back to dial-up speed. The download took roughly 20 minutes per computer and by the time everything was installed, it was an hour - a somewhat wasted hour.My old desktop is always the guinea pig for new software installs. Granted, I'm installing this software on a computer that barely meets McAfee's minimum requirements. I was able to activate the registration even though I got no confirmation that it activated. After that, it got worse. Neither Google Chrome or Firefox would open. This slowed the computer down overall and must have done other things because I couldn't even save a MS Word document. I went to the Control Panel to uninstall and it took 15 minutes for the screen to come up for the uninstall. Locked this computer up 3 times where I needed to reboot.Then I got brave and installed this on the ASUS netbook. Other than the download being slow, installation went better. I like the uncluttered user interface of this software. The document shredder feature is nice. The scan didn't find anything so the AVAST I'd been using must be doing the job - and it's free. I'll use this on the netbook until the subscription expires but will go back to the free AVAST eventually.ONE STAR for the desktop installTHREE STARS for the netbook install
In order to do a thorough evaluation of this version of McAfee Total Protection software, I installed it on one of my Windows XP pro desktop PCs and compared it against the Norton Antivirus and Norton Utilities products.The main issues I ran into was the product activation which seemed to be stuck waiting for the server response. By researching on the McAfee support forum, I found that this was a common issue amongst many other users for the 2011 version (do a Google search on the phrase "unable to activate mcacfee total protection"). I have tried numerous suggestions from the support thread (including running the McAfee product removal tool and resetting IE's setting) but got no luck. Eventually I was able to resolve the problem by downloading McAfee's virtual technician which resolved the issue. The problem seemed to be related to residues of the older McAfee products which interfered with the activation process. What McAfee could have done is to include such clean up tool as part of the installation process so the users would not run into this same issue. As a matter of fact, Norton's installation process automatically uninstalls their older version prior to the installation of the software.Once I was able to activate the product, I did a full scan of the computer and ran the disk check utility which reported no errors and stated that the drive did not need deframentation. I unstalled this program and installed the latest version of the Norton antivirus and Norton Utilities on the same PC. The Norton Utilities files clean up fixed 950+ files which the Mcfee Total Protection did not process. Norton also flagged that the drive needed defragmentation and precessed such. The Norton Antivirus program also caught 10 other threats which The Mcafee did not catch neither.Based on such findings, I would rather not recommend this version of the software.
I have been testing and recommending anti-virus software since the mid 90s.  At that time McAfee was the best there was.  Unfortunately this is no longer true.  In my opinion the best current anti virus product is ESET NOD32.I recently tested McAfee 2012 vs Kaspersky 2011 (and Kaspersky 2012).  On testing a scan of one partition McAfee reported that it scanned 51,221 files and took one and a half hours to do it.  On the same partition Kaspersky (minor differences between the 2011 version and 2012 version) reported that it tested 779,264 files and took one hour and five minutes.McAfee 2012 consumes 86 MB of memory ("private bytes") and 412 MB of virtual memory.Kaspersky 2012 uses 195 MB of memory ("private bytes") and 596 MB of virtual memory.McAfee is easy to use however it doesn't report time elapsed for running a scan.Perhaps the greatest concern is that the install of McAfee crashed my WinXP SP3 test system.  Also after uninstalling McAfee traces were left which Kaspersky removed in order to do a clean install.Kaspersky has one very valuable feature a "rescue disk" (a bootable disk which you can use for a clean scan of an infected system) which McAfee doesn't provide.Neither product can come close to matching ESET NOD32 for performance (or small memory footprint).
McAfee has had the reputation of slowing down your computer for a long time. I have been using other protection software for a number of years, but decided to try McAfee again. I had TrendMicro for the last year and it blocked too much (I had to uninstall lots of programs and it blocked some that I want to use because they might be unsafe). Well, my computer is slow again. McAfee updates all the time and is constantly questioning everything I do. I get it...something could be trying to harm my computer.  I just hate all the extra intrusions.  My computer hangs and I have trouble opening a new browser window.  It is frustrating!Update:  I removed McAfee from my computer and I am so much happier now!  It runs faster and doesn't hang up like it did with McAfee.
I started off liking there 2011 product, particularly the SiteAdvisor feature. SiteAdvisor monitors your web browsing and lets you know which sites have been checked for potential adware and spyware. It'll display your search results on pages such as Google with icons next to them telling you if they're been checked and if they passed. Very, very helpful. Barely halfway though the 2011 product year, Firefox had an update and no longer supported numerous plug-ins, including McAfee SiteAdvisor. It wasn't long before all the plug-ins were updated, but after months and months of waiting, SiteAdvisor was never updated and was never again usable.During that time I also found numerous holes in the main product itself. First, the firewall is useless. It'll ask whether or not I want to block a program from accessing the internet... AFTER the program accesses the internet. It'll also ask over and over for permission for the exact same program. With my old antivirus software, I often found that I picked up a few 'questionable' cookies along the way each week. McAfee barely finds any. Reports are also sometimes very difficult to find. I noticed one time that my overall summary showed that I had a virus that it claimed to remove, however I could not find any report or any mention of the virus anywhere else.The one thing I did like about it was that it was very quiet... it would run its scans silently overnight and I would never know it's working. In comparison to all the previous antivirus programs I've used, this was a huge improvement.The reason I spent so much time going over the previous version of this software is because this is essentially the EXACT same software... except without my favorite feature, SiteAdvisor. They now offer that as a separate program which you have to pay for. I'm not sure where the 'improvements' are, if there are any. Both programs look and run EXACTLY the same way, and with all the same flaws. Very, very disappointing. It still runs very silently and very smoothly in the background, but with all the side problems that were never fixed, I can't possibly recommend this to anyone.
There are more reviews that indicate issues with this software that there are success stories. I received my copy of Creator as part of the Amazon Vine program and upon receipt started to load the software into my fairly new Gateway PC. The software did not support my Mac. The loading was easy and fast. There was also  a copy of PaintshopPro4 in the same box thus I loaded it too. The load was just as quick. Now would it work?I immediately noticed that my desktop showed that I had PaintShop5 and not 4. During the loading process the software did obtain an update and thus I assume that update was for a later version of PaintShopPro.I opened the Creator and started to work with it. I should have opened one of the help chapters (there are five) before I started the project. In addition to the five chapters of help there are 14 addition help sections on the internet. You can access those by opening the software and the help chapters immediately pop up. On that same page there are 11 additional free downloads for working with the development of various projects.I was already working on a  project on my Mac as I was using iPhoto to develop a slide show of more than 100 photos with music, transitions, and slide names. Mac requires that you develop that slide  show in iPhoto, transfer it to iMovie and finally transfer that iMovie to IDVD. This has been next to impossible as Mac has numerous limitations. When I finally got all the processes to work the end DVD was of extremely poor quality. It was all of the transfers that were necessary.I was hoping that Creator would be easier on my PC.I loaded up two dozen photos, attached names to each, inserted transitions and music and attempted to copy. I followed to a "t" all of the instructions time and time again and could not get the software to burn to the DVD. I even tried different types of DVDs and nothing seemed to work. After 11 tries I finally got the 12th DVD to accept the burn. The end result was a very good DVD containing my slideshow complete with transitions, names and music. The quality was far superior to that which I had gotten off of my Mac.I still have lots of learning on this software however at this point I am well satisfied. I am trusting my next project will not cause me to have to burn 12 DVDs to get my end product. I am of the opinion it was not the fault of the software but of this operator as I apparently made some incorrect clicks along the way in my first 11 tries.PaintShop5 contains numerous learning sections and thus far I have worked on just a few photos. Once I learn the processes this will likewise be good software.THIS IS AN UPDATED REVIEW----This is several months later and while I can work through the software I continue to have problem trying to burn a DVD. I have spent hours on this and what I first accomplished a few months ago is now not possible with more photos and music. My initial work consisted of a few photos and I was able to produce a very good DVD even though when I loaded this it took many tries.  Using the exact same equipment I can no longer do this after increasing the number of photos to more than 50 for a slideshow. I am most frustrated since I cannot seem to get any help from ROXIO. There is an old manual listed on the internet however it is for an earlier version of this software and there is little or no help on the internet site of the company. I am reevaluating and taking away three stars.I can no longer get the DVDs to burn even thigh I have changed nothing on my PC or burner. I am currently experiencing the exact scenario I wrote about initially where I can only get a DVD to burn after many attempts.IF THIS CHANGES----SINCE I DON'T WANT TO GIVE UP----I WILL WRITE AN ADDENDUM TO THIS REVIEW.
To me software like this was good to use back 10 or 15 years ago, before videos were formatted in MP4 and every device can play them like you see today.  There was a time when you have to jump through hoops to get something to play on a certain device a video you took on your camera wouldn't play on your cell phone or computer it was a mess and software bundles like this arrived but nowadays a lot more things are standardized and with the advent of YouTube getting a video around to other devices is it really a challenge. An DVD production and reproduction not something you really need anymore is who uses DVDs for the most part.Now I will dig in the software look deeper but my initial view is is kind of like a lot of operating systems come with software that does this automatically. Now I did have some of the problems at the other reviewers had with Roxio they've always been pretty decent by me in running and installing correctly but you never know.Thanks reading
I have found this product more then usually hard to use. The description of the product sounds much better that what you get. I can't say I have accomplished much with this program, but it was not for lack of trying. A rather frustrating program that requires a lot of time to get working and then to figure out. There must be something easier to use out there that does the same basic thing.
I am big into photography. Always looking for new ways to edit photos. I have used The Roxio VHS to DVD and it worked fantastic. So I had high hopes it would be the same with this product. The first major hurdle I had it took about 40 minutes for it to install. I do not have an old slow computer. The first time I tried to use it I imported a picture and edit it everything was going along fine. I decided to upload it to Facebook it popped up a window to sign in to Facebook. I signed into Facebook and it said sorry error try again. This happened a few times so I decided just to close the program and start over. I was unable to close the program the pop up for Facebook would not leave my screen. No matter what I did clicking the X or going on to the Internet trying to cover up to page that stayed in the center. I had to turn off the computer. I thought this would solve of the problem but much to my dismay when I turned it back on the pop up was still in the center of my screen. I can do nothing on my computer because of this popup box is there my only recourse is to uninstall the program as I need to use my computer sorry I can't tell you more about how the software works because it just didn't work for me. All of my other photo editing software is running fine.It does come with Corel Paintshope Pro X4, I already had X5 and have reviewed it so I did not install it. I may give it another try and see if I can get some tech support but another 40 min install time doesn't sound like much fun. Perhaps I got a defective copy?
You put the call-in line of your local rock station on speed dial on your office phone, cell, and your vacationing cube-mate.  Every time you hear the magic tone, you jump and try, try to be the 95th caller.  Finally, it happens-and you have an "All Access" pass to see Springstein!  You arrive at the concert, and find out that "All Access" means third row, far, far right, obstructed view...no jamming with the Boss tonight!That's how you'll feel if you buy McAfee's All Access protection.  All Access, except for iPads, Macs, and all but one of your computers (most virus programs are licensed for three computers).Incidentally the program works fine, although (like other McAfee products) there is too much in the way of pop-ups reminding me that the virus definitions have been updated.  I give it two stars because of the high pricing and that the "All Access" is basically an empty phrase.
My Kaspersky license expired last month, so I got Mcafee this time thinking this was a well known company and it may be the better product. The box came with just a retail card and no CD which was annoying as I would have prefered a CD. The packaging made it seem like there would be a CD inside. The card was fine but the software download completely shut down my system while it was downloading. It also made me uninstall some other softwares, Kaspersky worked better with my Windows 7 system.I activated the web monitoring and it slowed down my browsing significantly. I tried all 3 browsers IE, Firefox, Chrome - latest versions and had the same results. In the 2 days I had it, I attempted to uninstall some features and took off parental controls in the hope it would get faster, but did not have any success. Kaspersky or Trend Micronet did not slow down my system like this McAfee software. After this experience I did not want to install it on any of my iOS systems. For an iPhone you have to buy it separately as an app anyway. I uninstalled it after 2 days but for some reason my Windows firewall won't work anymore. I may also have to reinstall some Windows built in anti-virus as McAfee seems to have deleted some files and I can't turn it on anymore.I might have been able to make this software more effective had I figured out what was slowing down my system but after 2 days of frustration I did not have the patience. A software should simply work without one having to invest significant time into it. For online protection including parental controls I recommend Kaspersky. I also like Trend Micronet software as it allows similar parental controls and also gives custom reports on what sites were visited by your kids.McAfee is very feature rich on paper but in practice the features hog bandwidth and system resources and are not very useful.
I am running Mac OS X Lion Version 10.7.2.Mcafee was very kind by not sending a CD-rom.  This courtesy is a very wise step since you can just download the app and then enter the serial number / unlock code that you get in the mail.To make it even easier, Mcafee could simply publish the code to your online receipt, but that would require extra integration with online retailers.All that said, this product is a fail with Mac OS X Lion.  Once I installed it on my Mac, my system slowed to a crawl and crashed a number of times with no error messages.  I even had to completely reinstall from scratch to get rid of Mcafee.I took my Mac to the Apple Store and they saw that I had Mcafee installed and they told me to remove it immediately since it acted like a virus.Ah, if only Mcafee had tested more.  I wanted to love this product but just can't given all the problems that it caused me.Now with Mcafee gone, my system runs fine again.
I can't honestly say if this thing is protecting me from viruses - but I can say that after a week of use we began the wrestling to remove it from the computer.  The number of popup warnings and "update me again" and "pay for more protection" things was driving me insane.  Every time the little box wanted to pop up in the lower right hand corner, whatever I was doing or typing would freeze up, Then the stupid box would pop up, and there was never an option to just make it go away for good.  Now I'm sure I could wrestle with the settings but really - I can get AVG for free and not have to fight with something that wants to update itself in the middle of my typing a proposal.
Macs are legendary for being relatively Malware free. As Apple has sold over 200,000,000 devices running iOS, more and more Windows users are flocking to Mac OS as well. As the product share in Macs grows, so does the malware threat. Macs have been a harder nut to crack, so hackers left Macs alone for the most part, because any successful hit would only affect a very small portion of the population. As the popularity of Macs finally gains significant ground, and as China is upping the ante in trying to hack into US computers, we Mac users are living on borrowed time. There simply are no antivirus programs out there for the Mac that seem to be worth mentioning - and McAfee can be added to the list of former stars in the Mac arena.With this installed, the only thing I can tell you is going on is that everything is slower. It's like trying to power-walk through mud. Thick, sucking mud. I can't tell if and when McAfee is scanning anything, ever. There are no players on the block with the reputation of AVG in terms of anti-malware programs for the Mac. It's anybody's game - if only they will get into it! I am the only one who uses my Mac, so no children are downloading anything that could introduce malware, and I keep up with the latest news on potential malware threats for the Mac... but I still don't like 'surfing naked' ... but when I'm using bloatware that slows my system down, but has nothing in terms of a user interface to keep me informed of what it might be doing in the background, I felt compelled to uninstall this.Married to a Windows support guru, I know that McAfee is not reliable as a sole solution on the Windows platform, but I figured it was worth a go for the Mac platform. Due to lack of feedback from the software, I have to say it was a waste of time other than for research purposes.McAfee - step up. You can do this. Somebody needs to.
I installed this on my Asus netbook, and my Android tablet running Froyo. Both less than 12 months old, and neither one used much on a regular basis.The Netbook:  This software, during the installation process, tries to make you think it's found threats on your computer, when I know for a fact my netbook had nothing wrong with it.  It's a scare tactic to make you think you NEED McAfee (and no other brand) to make your PC-life better and stress-free.  I didn't care for this.  The installation was smooth and problem-free, but seemed to slow the Atom processor down just enough to be annoying.  I uninstalled it, and went back to Free AVAST. I also wish a CD would have been included but I can see where that would only be useful for PC's with a CD drive and that's not the market-share McAfee is seeking with this security suite.The Tablet:  The one thing it did was cause my tablet to lock up. I didn't want to bother trying to figure out the cause so I restored the tablet back to the default. IMHO tablets don't need an anti-virus.
If this product was around $70.00 i could forgive some of its shortcomings but since it is overpriced i must give it 2 stars.I tried this on my HP Laptop which uses Windows 7 32 bit and had no issues getting things going,that is the best thing i can say about this product,it was easy to install.Once i started using this software i was instantly annoyed at how many times you have to click to get where you want to go.It only goes downhill from here since you will quickly discover that basic features such as setting up Payroll requires you to subscribe to a service which costs at least $150.00 a year!Intuit must be out of their minds treating customers this way.Don't buy this product,in fact don't buy anything from Intuit until they change their greedy ways.
I decided to try this to see why so many schools use this to teach and why so many people use it.  I was not happy.  I'm used to Quicken.I couldn't get things to balance or match up transactions, and trying to get help was useless.  And I'm not afraid of using 'Help' with software.I uninstalled it as soon as I could & re-installed my former software.
I spent at least 20 hours researching and testing different accounting/bookkeeping software for my small business (less than 5 employees). I narrowed down my research and tested QuickBooks Pro, PeachTree, YNAB (You Need A Budget), and some professional Excel spreadsheets.  After all was said and done, I stuck with YNAB.Why not QuickBooks Pro?  QuickBooks charges so many upgrade fees and renewal fees it's absurd.  Not only would I pay $200 for the software each year, but I'd have to pay over $30 each month for "subscriptions" like bill processing, payroll, automatic bank records, etc.  For a large company these fees may not mean much, but for me they make this software a definite no go.Now I did test out the QuickBooks Pro software and found it rather nice.  It's loaded with options, has very little problems and has an easy-to-use interface.  However for a small business like my own, the software is too big.After all my product testing, I chose to use YNAB.  YNAB has a very easy user interface and allow for so much customization... and it's affordable!!! Although YNAB is designed as a personal finance / debt management software, myself and many others have been using it for small business accounting.  They have a great forum and I highly recommend giving it a try.No, I do not work for YNAB.  You can see all my other 200+ reviews.  I think it's important to pass on what works for me, to help out others.
I do not like Quickbooks.  If it wasn't for our long term CPA wanting us to use it I would have kicked it to the curb in 2004.  The minute she retires and I go shopping for a new accountant the first question I am going to ask is "Do You Require Quickbooks."The only positive thing about this experience was that I was able to buy the software from Amazon at a substantial savings from what Intuit offered me directly. Amazing how that works.Currently Quickbooks Pro 2012 just takes up space on the computer, does a lot of stuff that I don't need or use, and annoys me because the bookkeeper is now complaining about her computer having slowed down since the upgrade install.On the plus side, at least I haven't had to buy her a new computer this time (that was the treat with last upgrade) although I also haven't installed the latest update. Do I sound bitter?  You bet I'm bitter.In addition, the last time I had a problem I was offered help in a comment by an employee of Intuit.  I emailed the person and they never got back with me.  Phone calls were also sent to voicemail and never answered.
I have purchased and tried multiple versions of QuickBooks Pro (formerly "Business"). As with past versions I found that this version has basically the same features with the same problems. The product is -- more than more -- linked with their online products encouraging you to do payroll, invoicing, and other paid services from quicbooks.com. There is no way to turn of the links (I call it advertising) to those features.In terms of functionality, yes it works. I still feel that it is overly burdensome, clumsy, and complex for small business use. I'm not saying that there is a better product out there. The alternatives from Microsoft -- discontinued their Money product (which I still use) and Peachtree Accounting which is even more complex and burdensome. Perhaps the best way to describe it is that Quickbooks appears best suited for SMB, not SOHO businesses. Peachtree is for much larger companies. There is no "great" product for SOHO businesses.In short I don't feel there is a great product for SOHO small businesses (such as my own). Quickbooks is an adequate product, but suffers from the same problems it has always had. I can't import data correctly from previous versions (OF THEIR OWN PRODUCT), built-in advertising, high cost of product, in ability to customize (such as colors and layout of invoice for branding/etc.), and lack of capabilities for web services integration.Overall it is a disappointing product. Perhaps the folks at Quickbooks will read their users comments and consider developing a product for small (like SOHO small, not SMB small) businesses that is more flexible and customizable.
This is not as easy to use as it states... I really would like to finnd something that is easy to understand and want to be able to open up a product and start using it from the start without problems and this is not the one for me :(
This is some of the more frustrating software that I have tried to use in a long, long time. I have tried to install it on both of my computers, both of them relatively high-powered HP laptops, and neither can open the software on a regular basis and on both using the software eats up most of the resources of the computer. This is unfortunate since it seems like the video player has a lot of neat features. For instance, I would have loved to have watched a movie in 3D to see how that worked, but I couldn't get it to play any of the movies I popped in. I was able to play the movies with all kinds of other players, from VLC to Windows Media Player. Even PowerDVD, which used to be my favorite DVD viewer several versions ago, works better on my laptops than does WinDVD. My laptops both far exceed the recommended requirements to run the software.I really can't recommend this software for anyone using a laptop. Perhaps it performs better on a high end desk top. All in all, I was very disappointed. I really did have a need for a good DVD viewer. I guess I'm still in the hunt for one. For right now I'll keep using the free VLC viewer, though I would like to upgrade at some point.
I have been using WinDVD since it first came bundled with my ancient Toshiba Satellite- it was Intermatic then, and even the gratis version was a snap to use and did just about anything one would need to do in watching a DVD. And was intuitive and largely fun to use. Accessing the menu of a disk seemed a bit clunky, but it easily became second nature when needed.Otherwise, the interface was a symbolic remote control and I loved using it.So Corel steps in and buys Interactive in 2006 and proceeds to Corel-ify WinDVD. Which in simpler terms means takes a pretty well crafted application and mutate it into something all their own. Strip all the unique character unknown programmers no doubt spent thousands of hours upon. This is not necessarily a good thing.While boasting a raft of more advanced features than the old version, to me it seems to be no more a tarted-up version of Windows Media Player. I do not have a Blu-Ray player so I could not test out that feature, but i do not feel that would have even been necessary- or even that redeeming for this product.I see here no reason to ever consider upgrading to this new edition. If need be, I will searching ebay for copies of the former version.
Look, I'm supposed to review this stuff, despite the fact that I'm a relative goof when it comes to more complex software, but when I selected this, it was described as being not very complicated for new users. I'm sure that many of you who are looking to order this are in the market for something that does a little bit of everything when it comes to photo editing software.Right now, this is just taking up space on my hard drive because it's just too complex for me and I don't have the time or energy to learn how to use it. I've just been using the more basic photo editing freeware from around the internet which have much more of a "point, drag, and click" sensiblility about them.Basically I know that I'm not the ideal person they could have chosen to give this to, and I'm sure that for the more experienced users, this might be something ideal, but for me and other n00bs, PaintShop Pro X4 Ultimate will pwn you.
I have tried several other video editing "studios, they all seem to operate in the same way with varying degrees of difficulty and learning curve. Corel is almost oversimplified to the point of silliness, but they add so many features the average user will never use (3D? The old fashioned kind?) Well, at least they included glasses.I still intensely dislike the way Corel manages files and saves projects, it is quite unconventional, confusing, and hard to get used to.When I got a Hauppage video converter, it came with what is essentially a stripped to the bone version of the full Corel programs. I never had to open the manual, it does everything I need and needs little explanation. The trend of packing products like this with as many "advanced" features as the manufacture can is, for me, unnecessary and unwelcome.
I thought this would come with a copy of Windows so I was surprsied that the software was only a "shell" that allows you to install Windows.  It still behooves the user to obtain his or her copy of Windows.  So it's really not much better than Bootcamp, which is free, other than letting you run Windows in emulation without booting - but speed must be worse than via Bootcamp.  I wish it came with a Windows client.
I do a lot of work on a daily basis on computers, and have a fair number of programs that simply don't run on Mac. While there are some free options out there, they aren't always successful or reliable and so I bought and ran Parallels (v6) which took my Boot Camp partition and made it available as a virtual machine. I loved how seamless it worked, so that my programs would even run as if they were just another Mac app.So when I had a chance to try the VMware product, I was curious to see how it compared, so installed on a second Mac computer. Like Parallels, it took my Boot Camp and made it available as a VM. For the most part, the two programs worked fairly similarly. I did't always find VMWare as user-friendly, it seems to be a bit more geared to the user with technical know-how. It pretty much has everything I need though, ability to share devices and hard drives over to the VM, ability to run Windows separate, or integrated into the Mac desktop (my usual preference, but I love how easy it is to just toggle it on and off). Menu options for sending specialized keystrokes, all the VM functionality you would expect.Each program does have little things about it I like better. Parallels for instance puts a special indicator on the icons so it's easy to tell which of the programs in my dock are Windows applications. But bringing up the windows start menu in Parallels 6 is a two step process, you have to click the menubar icon, and then select the start menu option, while with VMWare, it goes right into the menu, which I definitely like better. I'm not sure if this is fixed in Parallels 7, but it lists the ability to put the Windows menu in the dock so that sounds like it might be an even better solution. I also found that when uninstalled Parallels left a bunch of shortcuts on my Mac that had to be cleaned up, I haven't tried an uninstall of VMWare yet to compare in that respect. The only really major issue I've run into with VMWare is that I seem to have more lockups with it than I have had with Parallels. But they are rare, and with it being Windows, well, some crashes are kind of expected! Interestingly enough, most people complain about Parallels 6 not being as stable as VMWare, so this might relate to the programs being run. I don't tend to do a lot of gaming or really processor intensive programs, which is a common reason people use a Windows VM, so your experience may be different. Parallels 7 is supposed to be much more stable overall as well.Pricing wise, Parallels is higher priced for a new user. However, if you go to the VMWare page, you'll see something interesting. No upgrade pricing. Version 3 users were forced to pay full price to upgrade to v4, which I personally have SERIOUS issues with. Parallels costs as much to upgrade from 6 to 7 as a license for VMWare costs, but this still really ticks me off, that existing users were treated so poorly and had to pay full price to migrate to v4. That alone makes me dock a star for such a terrible upgrade policy, and it certainly would play into my decision of which to buy, when Parallels pricing only is more for the initial purchase. I always check on a companies pricing of upgrades before investing in it when there are viable alternatives, because it can really make a difference in the total cost of the software over the course of time you use it. I think the Parallels upgrade is still priced too high as well, but at least you get *some* discount off full price.I do note as well that if you go to the Parallels site, the comparison chart of Parallels and VMWare is completely incorrect, because it seems to be based on VMWare 3 (which of course is not stated anywhere on the chart, it just lists it as "VMWare"). For instance, it says VMWare does not support fullscreen mode or Launchpad, but v4 most definitely does do these things. Not that anyone actually *uses* the Lion launchpad, but hey, if you are one of the minority that actually likes it, don't believe that comparison chart (not that you can really trust information a competitor provides regardless!)  Again though, Parallels includes the special indicator for VM applications in Launchpad, which is definitely helpful, IMO. VMWare does lack some other features though that Parallels includes, most of these relating to performance and gaming in particular. If you want to run 3D games from a VM, Parallels is pretty much the obvious choice. If you just need to run Office and some other relatively simple Windows programs, VMWare would be a reasonable choice.UPDATE - I dropped my rating down several stars because I have been having issues with VMware and am considering dropping it completely and paying to switch to Parallels. Why? Because it seems to have a bug where it loses the Boot Camp VM and has to reconnect it. It's really, really annoying, I now am on the 5th copy of the Boot Camp VM and every time it does this, I have to recreate a lot of the settings, like all my shared folders and it creates additional app shortcuts so I now have 5 copies of those. I've run all available updates but it continues to do this every few months or so. I've not had this issue on my other machine which uses Parallels. In researching this, is appears to be a bug that VMWare has known about for over 3 YEARS and still has yet to fix. It's due to an underlying Apple issue and you'll find many threads on the VMWare forums about it. Suffice to say, Parallels has long worked around the issue so it does not have the same problems, yet VMWare continues to put out releases with this major problem. For this reason, I will be removing it and switching as soon as I can. I certainly am not hopeful that they will fix it when they've ignored it for so long, in spite of many promises to fix it. I uploaded a screenshot of my Finder "Open With" menu that is now a total mess from this bug, so be aware that if you want to use this with an existing Boot Camp partition, Parallels is probably the better choice. Just the fact that VMWare has ignored this known issue for so long would make me reluctant to purchase their software for any reason.
I really want to use this software.  I have all the recommended minimums for this software, but it takes a long time to do anything.  I get the "no response from progam" error quite often and then it just doesn't recover.  I have to shut down manually.  I have reinstalled it with no satisfaction.  I hope to upgrade my computer and get a better video card and maybe this will help the problem.  I'm sad that I can't use this software as I was so excited to get it.
I have been using Family Tree software for many years.  This is the fifth time I have upgraded to the newest available "Essentials" version.  Sadly, this product was a lot more user friendly and easier to use in its earlier incarnations. With each noew version, the current one included, there is ever increasing reliance on the Ancestry.com linkages (which I have no personal use for) and the family trees created have become increasingly complex, difficult to navigate and hard to manage. THis is an example of a good idea going South over time.If your tree building and maintenance requires a lot of research, the Ancestor.com link MAY be helpful ... or, maybe not. It's database, while appreciable, is limited to data collected by and on it by other users. It does not easily interface, for example, with the Ellis Island or LDS data bases making richer research much more complicated than the inclusion of available links to other sites would have offered.Additionally, as others have mentioned, this program loads VERY slowly. (My system is a fast iCore 7 running 8GBs of DDRAM.) Even after disabling the Ancestor.com link, the software still takes several minutes to load to the point where it can function as intended.I yearn for those days of yesteryear when I could enter the detail of a family member and then view an entire tree either leading to them or flowing from them. It is no longer quite that straightforward.I would recommend earlier versions of Family Tree. 2010 was somewhat better. 2008 was a LOT better.  2006 may have been the best so far. I'd recommend passing on this version and hope against hope that the manufacturer will realize that new and changed is not equivalent to better or more useful
Family Tree Maker Essentials 2012 was a little bit of a disappointment to me. Not because it did not have a nice user interface or useful features, but because it was unstable and problematic. In addition, in our case, Ancestry.com was not very useful.I used Family Tree Maker Essentials 2012 to create a family tree that goes back to 1623. Most people in this tree were born in Northern Sweden. On my wife's side we have people from all over the world. Unfortunately none of the information used to build the tree came from Ancestry.com. In fact all we could find out using the United States Ancestry.com subscription was that our daughter was related to her mother. Maybe that is not that surprising considering that we are an international family. However, Ancestry.com seems to be very expensive and my first impression of it was not good. Don't get me wrong I think the integration with Ancestry.com is a nice feature and it was nicely done. Maybe it will work for you.We are perhaps a special case, but aside from that I have other issues with this software. The application was acting sluggish and it froze and crashed several times. In addition synchronization failed several times, often repeatedly, and one software update caused a crash. At one point Family Tree Maker Essentials 2012 permanently lost contact with the on-line tree I had built and could not find the locally saved data either. Basically my work was gone. Luckily I had done a backup and could get it back. I still don't know what happened but that is bad.I also had a strange experience related to the password when accessing the on-line tree when syncing. It'll give you a username and a password. Well I lost the password, which rendered Family Tree Maker DeLuxe 2012 much less usable. When I tried to use the forgotten password option I couldn't. It would not accept my email (invalid email) and I saw no way of retrieving it using just the user name. Luckily I later found my password.One small problem was that when I was adding people in the 1600's I kept getting an error message every time I entered a birth date or the date for a marriage etc. For example, "Error", "Anna Nilsdotter's birth date falls in a double date year range". I understand that the issue is that there were two different ways of dating in the 1600's. However, instead of an error I think a popup dialog should be shown, which explains the problem and shows you how to select one or the other method as the default.Well I have to admit I like how the user interface is organized into workspaces, the tutorials are basic but good, the chart options are good, and the application has a lot of useful features. I also liked how well it handled foreign characters.  However, I am reluctant to recommend it because of the problems I had. I am using some free on-line tools instead.
I'm new at doing the whole family tree thing.  So I thought I'd give this software a try and surprise everyone with a tech-savvy upgraded tree.  My mom's grandmother (my great grandmother) did a family tree over 20 years ago, so I had a solid foundation to start from.  Of course she did it the "old fashioned way" with phone calls to relatives and hours searching through photo albums.  Much of the work was already done when I decided to start the project with this software.Unfortunately, it looks like this project is going to be a lot more complicated with this software.  The interface is complex and I've already spent far too much time just trying to get started.  It looks like this software is just another way to get people to sign up for familytree.com - something I won't get much use from.  Because much of my work is already done, I'll just skip this software and convert the handwritten tree with photos to a Photoshop file with colorful graphics and fancy text.  It's much easier this way, let's me add my own creative touch and is much more fun.Maybe if someone were just starting out with their family tree, this software and website access would be helpful.  But for me, this software just gets in the way.  Maybe the 2013 version will be simpler to use.
After shelling out for the 2011 version of Family Tree Maker Platinum, I waited with bated breath for the 2012 version to grace my doorstep.Not because I loved 2011, but because *anything* had to be better than 2011. I'm sorry to report, 2012 is basically more of the same.More of the same "Did someone write this inMicrosoft Access?"More of the same "Why doesn't this look like it does online?"More of the same "But I can't just export everything I have on the site to a 'nice' format I can share with others?"More of the same "Why can't I just enter a license code, instead of having to call and get them to stop billing my credit card for six months' worth of service?"If you haven't been using genealogy software for some time, Family Tree Maker is a pretty hateful application to fight with -- but, it also costs about half of what you'd pay for the included six months' service.If you have been using the Family Tree Maker series up through the more recent iterations, you're not going to have to learn anything new to step in to 2012. That's probably the only real feature it offers over 2011.
Ok, so why would I rate this only two stars ("I don't like this") and still recommend to purchase? Despite all the flaws of the software (some discussed below) when the cost of the Platinum version of the software is equal to, or less than, the cost of a 6 month subscription to Ancestry.com this is still a good deal. The main reason is that Ancestry.com's genealogy resources and databases are so extensive and outstanding you'll still benefit from having access. For me, being able to retrieve Ancestry.com's scanned images of primary documents is paramount as it allows for an offline archive of primary sources. In the end, the software generally does what it purports to do and is a nice platform for me when I either don't have internet access, or no longer have an active Ancestry.com subscription.Family Tree Maker (FTM) continues to have the feel of a platform that is annually tweaked, modified, appended, and upgraded in bits and pieces. FTM is due for a total rewrite from the ground up. Without that, the entire interface feels confusing and inconsistent. After six months of steady use of the 2011 version, and about 3 weeks using this 2012 version, I'm still constantly fumbling to figure out where I am, where my documents are, and just generally navigating around.  You do eventually figure things out, but with a better and more consistently designed interface new users will have much less grief. I.e., if you are going to be a new user, you will have grief.Good design would allow a user to search for documents for an individual, then quickly save an image to your local PC and automatically link the image to that individual. Makes sense to me. Anyway, this is the SIMPLIFIED AND ABBREVIATED version of how this actually happens:The documents you retrieve will continue to reside on FTM servers, so when your subscription expires, you will be able to see the citations to the documents, but you will not be able to retrieve the images. If you want to save local copies of images of documents existing independent of an ongoing subscription, you have to jump through a lot of hoops. Say you use the web search feature and pull up an image of a 1900 census page from Wichita, KS. Looking at the scanned image, you click on "Save" and you get a box that gives you several options, one of which is "Save to your computer." You click on that radio button to save and . . . you get a popup that tells you HOW to save an image by "right clicking" and such (I already KNEW how to do that - why doesn't "save" just "save?") Ok, you mouse over the image, right click, "Save as ..." and save the image to your hard drive. You THEN have to find the option to "Add media" and point to the location of your newly downloaded image. You THEN have to click on the Media tab and link the image to an individual (you can link same image to multiple people). If you succeed, when you next go to that individual person's record and click on the Media tab, you should see the document image. You click on the thumbnail to view and WHAT? IT'S BLURRY? ILLEGIBLE? They don't tell you that to get a legible version of the image you had to blow it up inside the image viewer BEFORE saving in the first place. Viewing the image at 50% size, you'll have saved a 50% downsized image that when sized up appears blurry.I like a locally based PC version of my family tree(s), including supporting imagery files. FTM doesn't make this easy so be aware of this before purchasing. In the end, I'd STILL recommend purchasing the Platinum version for the access to the Ancestry.com sources, but I'd replace "learning curve" with "frustration curve." You CAN do it (I do), but stay calm (I don't).A couple of other nit picks:The "Shoebox" only stores stuff on the web. There is no similar "Shoebox" offline. No amount of synchronizing PC and online trees will put Shoebox items on your PC.The auxilliary software wouldn't cleanly install and was unable to find a certain .cab file in an expected directory. I found the file on the CD and put it in the expected directory and all went fine. End users shouldn't have to have the ability to hack a defective install script.UPDATE 12 DEC 2011: I was doing my research at ancestry.com using the web interface (not the installed FTM software) on a workstation where FTM was not installed and was attaching images of census pages, World War I draft records, etc. to various family members. I went home and synchronized with the desktop software and, lo and behold, copies of the images were automatically downloaded! Now, the media doesn't appear to be attached to individuals, but this is still a good thing. Though, You have to continue to explicitly link each of these downloaded images to individuals. My overall review stands since the interface doesn't make these kind of interactions seamless. The software is STILL 2 stars in my book because images should be downloaded and linked automatically in my opinion.
I had an account on ancestry.com a few years ago - but only maintained it for a few months because of the cost. This software lets you store much of your data on your computer, as you gather valuable data from ancestry.com's ever-growing bounty of scanned documents. You get a 6 month membership to Ancestry when you buy this software - so for a little less than half of what you'd spend by doing a monthly subscription for six months, you can have your cupcake and eat it too. I said cupcake, not cake, though. The software is highly convoluted. It feels like they had 10-year-old software that they've been tweaking to work on Windows 7, but is in dire need of an interface re-do. They really need to take a lesson from Apple in building intuitive interfaces. Everything requires a multitude of clicks. Saving an image requires about 6 clicks for each instance. I'm not sure if they make you jump through the hoops so you just decide it's not worth saving the image, or if they're just really that bad at making intuitive, easy-to-use software. In the age of iPhone apps that do things at a single click, this software is seriously behind the times. Likely due to the tie-in with the site, you can't store all of your info on your PC. Much of what you save gets saved online - so if you ever decide to cut the cord to accommodate your budget, you're going to lose a lot of your data. The software is unwieldy - but for its cheap(er) access to ancestry.com, it's worthwhile to purchase. I've tried using a number of various genealogy programs and frankly, I haven't been overwhelmingly impressed with any of them... this one is no exception. I'm enjoying the ancestry.com access, but I don't see me using this software long term. Things that should be accomplished in one click take too many hoops to jump through.
This is not a very good program, as others have made quite clear. It consumes a great deal of time to install, does not run cleanly, and crashes constantly.While some seem to have had a good experience with this software, I count myself among the vocal minority who were unable to make the thing run.And my computer has a 500 Gig Seagate hard drive and 4 gigabytes of DDR3 memory. This is hardly a low end laptop, to put it mildly. I should be able to run this software, but couldn't. I junked it.
Yes, I own Fix-It, which I received through the Amazon Vine program.However, after reading all the negative reviews of this software, I decided not to chance trying it. Thanks, but I have had enough of Blue Screen Death to last a life time. Admittedly, that's more a problem caused by Windows than by virus and malware software, but any software that causes it as often as this one seems to do must be problematic.I have a laptop that had blue screen issues a few years ago, but after obtaining a new hard drive and new virus software --- none of the major brands --- that system has worked fine. I use it seldom, and would like to preserve it for those rare times I travel and must have a functioning PC with me.Fix It sounds like it would cause more trouble than it solves.When a computer virus and trouble-shooting program begins to guarantee that it will replace the computer if it is destroyed during installation or use, that's when I'll try Fix It!Meanwhile, I will stick with the KasperskyKaspersky Internet Security 2012 - 3 UsersI've happily installed on the Windows 7 disk on my desktop --- also used seldom, but enough to need a viable virus program.Thanks, but no thanks.
The biggest gripe I had with this program was that it wanted to uninstall existing antivirus programs on my machine. Maybe you will find yourself in the same situation. If you have an existing antivirus program that you are satisfied with, and perhaps that you have already paid for and has time remaining on its subscription, then do you really want to discard it? Especially because this Fix-It seems to have nothing new when it comes to antivirus detection. Why do I say this?Because they say very little about it. In the absence of definite claims, you should assume that they have a blacklist of virus hash signatures, that is periodically downloaded from their website. Plus some heuristics that are applied to suspect files. You see, they tout their 'patent pending PC analyser'. But nothing about their antivirus or antispyware. You can be certain that if they had anything truly unique, even if it was not patented, they would be SHOUTING it in their blurbs. All we see is nothing out of the ordinary.There was also no noticable speed up of Microsoft Windows when I installed Fix-It.Overhyped. Avoid.
I think this product is not really needed on Macs & I would more recommend Nortons AntiVirus program over this.  I think my iMac did slow a little with this running in the background.  But I my be just overhypochondriacing (yes I just made that up) and thinking I notice a hit in my performance.  But I recommend going with Norton AV over this.Thanks for reading...
It slows everything down, as others have also complained.  It installed easily enough, but once installed, my computer's performance took a real nose dive.  There's no way I can recommend this to others; sorry about that.
I have an older MacMini (2 gHz Intel Core 2 Duo, 2Gb Ram, updated with a 120Gb SSD), which, thanks to the SSD, is normally pretty fast.  Installing this brought web browsing to a near complete halt.  A quick search on Craigslist for a table saw brought up lots of listings, but minutes later the pictures still hadn't downloaded.  Uninstalling Norton restored everything to it's former speed.Not Recommended unless you have a newer Mac with lots of memory and processor power...and even then I'd see about getting a copy with a free 15 day trial.
When I got this the Norton page didn't have the "Mac OS X 10.7 only" warning. My Mac is about 3 years old so I wasn't thinking it was that out of date, but I guess if I want virus protection I will have to upgrade as Norton tech support told me there is no alternative product for slightly older Mac operating systems.
Right off the bat, this version finally works well on a Mac. The previous version of the Mac software, which I never used, was regularly reviewed as being really bad. I can unequivocally state that I had no TECHNICAL problems installing and running this software on a 3 year old MacBook (2 GHz Intel Core Duo, 2 GB RAM, Mac OS X 10.5.8 "Leopard").Bear with me as I rate this 2 stars but STILL recommend as a possible purchase. I also rated the PC version ofFamily Tree Maker Platinum 2012two stars AND recommended buying it for the exact same reason: though the software is flaky and not the best design, when a 6 month subscription to the incredible resources on Ancestry.com cost less than, or equal to, this software which comes with a "free" 6 month subscription to the Ancestry databases, you're ahead of the game. The deal doesn't always hold up. Even if you just want to use Ancestry.com only online, check current prices to see if it's cheaper to get the software and just activate the 6 months subscription that comes with the software. Note: Access is to Ancestry's US only, not international databases.Ancestry.com's genealogy resources and databases are extensive and outstanding. You'll be able to retrieve scanned images of primary documents and can create your own offline archive of primary sources, including census reports, ship's manifests, draft cards, marriage records, etc. In the end, the software generally does what it purports to do and is a nice platform for me when I either don't have internet access, or no longer have an active Ancestry.com subscription. But it still feels like it has been patched together, with all sorts of features glued on, over a period of time.If you are familiar with the latest version of this software on a PC, the Mac version works, and looks, almost exactly the same. You will be working with the native Mac interface, so you might have to refer to documentation periodically for various tasks. E.g., I had to figure out how to change the home person for my tree. As far as I could tell, the Mac and PC versions do all the same tasks.Oddness: I had two family trees already online. One was picked up for synchronization immediately, while the other showed up in a list but I couldn't get it to my Mac. However, the software does allow you to explicitly export online trees in GEDCOM format, which I was then able to import into the Mac.The software itself still has a frustrating, kludgy feel to it. There is an extensive learning curve in finding out the quirks and workarounds for new users. Do not confuse the apparent easy progress on the screen with the creation of an accurate family tree. In the end, the biggest problems with all versions of this software, and Ancestry.com in general, is that new users will be able to quickly create new and extensive family trees: those trees will be rife with errors and wildly inaccurate, especially for first time users. The online community, however, will be able to help you out with this major and well known issue.Hey, this stuff is FUN! The online resources are jaw dropping. When I found the military  ship's manifest with my Army uncle's Lithuanian bride (my aunt) I was wowed. That was very, very cool.
I loaded this on my MacBook Air with absolutely no problems.  I opened the program and flew through entering info without needing to refer to anything.  Everything was intuitive and very easy to use.  I am not a serious researcher, but am really having fun playing with this and finding info that previously unknown relatives have entered.Revised 4-25-12I have had lots of trouble with synching this and Ancestry.com.  I have renamed my trees and unloaded and reloaded the program several times.  The people at Ancestry.com are working with me on this, but their responses are not terribly prompt (a couple of days), so the problem is dragging on.  Because of this I changed from 5 to 4 stars. If the problem continues I will dock it even more.I am finding myself mainly using Ancestry.com and synching (or trying to synch) with Family Tree Maker as I don't want to pay Ancestry's high monthly rates and probably won't continue once the 6 months included with this program.  If this software is cheaper than 6 months of Ancestry.com I would recommend it, otherwise I suggest new users start with a membership to Ancestry.com and only buy this if they find they want the additional features it gives.Updated 3-14-13I spent a lot of time corresponding with whatever robots answer the FTM help.  The responses seldom had any relation to my question.  I got a notice that there was a free update available.  Foolishly optimistic, I loaded it.  Now I am wiped out of the program.  My spouse married an unknown person on our wedding day and now there are only two kids in my parents' family instead of three.  Fortunately, my (free) ipad version still shows me as having existed.If you are interested in tracing your family, check to see how much 6 months of Ancestry.com costs.  If it is less than this, go direct.  Otherwise buy it just for the access but don't bother to load the program.  It has wiped me any my family out like a plague.
I got this because I wanted to be able to watch my Blu-Ray movies on my computer and the feature that allows me to play my media on any device really caught my eyes.I was highly disappointed after I tried it out. While it can play Blu-Ray movies, it is the other video media that seems to have problems with. There were many videos that I tried to play that were on my computer to my PS3 that it would tell me that it was unsupported data. I also noticed that when I tried to watch things on the PS3, there were a lot of videos missing and I can't figure out what the issue was. They were all .avi or .mkv and yet only some videos show up and others don't and they are all in the exact same folder.Also, the connection isn't that great. I've used Vuze before as a media server and that one trumps this by far. If you want to fast forward a little, it lagged and got hung up.While all the features sound good, it just doesn't do what I need it to do.
I get that this is the "Pro Ultimate" version, but A: It pretty much works the same as the pre-installed video editing software that came with my computer, which is Roxio, and B: IT KEEPS CRASHING!!!Now I may not have the newest, fastest computer in the world, but it more than meets the criteria for the specs this program requires. I was playing around with it because I like new features, and this does have some nice features that my previous editor doesn't have. But if it DIDN'T KEEP CRASHING, I probably wouldn't dislike it so intensely.If you're familiar with video editing, and if you have an incredibly good computer (which is what this must need...) this isn't so bad for the price. Corel does have a good history of making affordable software that works well. Sadly, they do not have the best track record with me of making more user-friendly "plug-and-play" software.
I have a relatively new computer with Windows 7 on it, and a ton o' memory because I like to edit photos and video for family projects.While loading this program, at about the 63% finished line, it locked up my computer.I couldn't recover using the task manager or anything, so I had to do a hard boot (power off) of my computer.If I get it to work, I'll update my review.I'm very intrigued by the "screen capture" feature, as I am fairly well versed in Camtasia (another screen capturing software.)
So to start, let's get this out of the way. There are a lot of free products out there. These suites are perfectly fine for an average users, with a notch down on the scale in terms of the user interface and visual appeal. These suites do lack some features for power users, or, if money is not really a consideration, maybe the user interface is worth the extra funds.This is my first WordPerfect product. I've been using Office products for years, but I used to use Lotus and OpenOffice as well with no real issues. There was a slight learning curve with this product, but nothing too great. The word processing portion was fine, worked great, no reason to dislike it really. Creating the document, spelling checking, a quick check, nice formatting options. It's all there and right up there with Word I felt. The power point presentation equivalent, Presentations, worked great. There were themes, easy to use animations, a some sounds, clip arts. It worked exactly as expected and required very little in terms of investigation to figure things out. Word Perfect Lightning, basically a an advanced note taking product was kind of compact and fun. I kind of liked that little edition although I am not sure light users would do much with that. I found the XML project offering kind of interesting too, but that will take more investigation and a hobby approach that i didn't get into fully to really review that... which leaves Quattro, the excel equivalent.Here's the problem I ran into Quattro, it was really, really buggy. And by was I mean is. It would not actually launch the first dozen times I attempted to run it. I ran it as an admin, tried running the .exe, ended the process in Task Manager and finally ran it in compatibility mode. Once i ran it in compatibility mode, i could launch the program but none of the budgets or built in projects would load. I spent more time crashing out of the program that stopped responding than actually using it. I did install the service pack, tried looking through the knowledge base to no avail. I am running Win 7 64-bit. It is a gaming rig i built myself, so it is not lite in terms of specs. There is no logical reason for this to be happening really, although I have read Win 8 with ATI cards might have a problem.For me, without a fully functionally spreadsheet, this just won't work for me as an Office replacement. I use excel professionally, and it looked like there were Pivot Table replacements, they call them reports, the formulas worked fine, Macros are available... this is a really rich suite that would great for a better price and especially since the EULA allows for 3 PC installs at the same time when Microsoft is going the opposite direction with a single install and a much higher price. I can't fully recommend a product I cannot get up running at 100%. Of the all the products on here, including Winzip, Paperport and some interesting utilities like the custom dictionary and XML offering, Quattro was the only one with an issue. In an office suite though, that spreadsheet is important.
Note that this is not a software you install by CD. You basically go to the website provided and create an account.After creating an account, you get to download the software, then you use the key on the provided card to activate it. First, you must create an account with Norton whether you want to or not ( after paying for the product). Then after downloading you must activate. i successfully downloaded the software, but no matter how i tried , i was not able to activate. It kept giving me an error message. After trying for two days, i decided it was not worth the effort. I guess other people did not have this problem , but it was an issue with me. My opinion is there are too many protocols to go through before you will be able to use a product you paid for.
This Norton software is set up to work when your laptop is on WiFi. It sounded cool as you can lock down your laptop remotely and show a courtesy message, but as people have pointed out anyone with some knowledge of computers may be able to over ride it, if they reinstall the operating platform.This software proved mostly useless, as it did not locate my mobile device accurately. For my laptops it was a little fussy to set up, especially on Windows 8. It had trouble locating the laptop even when on WiFi. It can also take pics from the webcam enabled laptop at 10 second intervals but that feature did not work well for me.The IP address search if the computer is not on WiFi is also very approximate, and wouldn't do any good if the laptop was actually stolen.Overall, it seems like too much money for just 1 year subscription. As other reviewers have pointed out there are free apps available for this type of stuff which are not as full featured but do the basic job.
At first I thought that this product would be great for my teenagers' computers.  Then I read the fine print.1. The "protection" is good for 1 year only & then you get to pay again.2  You have to put in a credit card number when you install the software.3. There is a Norton anti-theft icon on your desktop for any would-be thief to see.4. Any would-be thief that knows a little about computers can override this Norton software and/or wipe the hard drive.This software does not live up to my expectations.  For a laptop locator, I'd look elsewhere.For phone tracking, I can do that for free on my Windows phone & the GPS is accurate, so this Norton software is not something I'd consider buying for my phone.  I believe that Android phones have a free tracking app too.
I've tried a number of these programs and while I appreciate the ability to lock the phone and send messages to it, this norton software also allows you to take "sneak peeks" of your phone which triggers the phones camera remotely. While it does work technically, I'm not impressed.First off, other apps like lookout offer similar features (minus the camera) for much lower if not free.When I tried the sneak peek feature the quality of the picture was horrible. In fact I added it to the amazon product page. If my phone was lost and I did this feature I would have no idea where it was.Other features like locate phone are nice, but google latitude on android will do that. Or other software titles like lookout...Sure this works, but I can't tell you in good faith to sign up. It's expensive and the quality is lacking. The current product version is 1.0.... Maybe when they get a few versions behind them the product will improve, 1.0 is a skip.
The first time I tried to load this program I received an error message. That wasn't a good sign, even though I was able to eventually get it loaded.Then I realized that I couldn't use the program to keep track of my iPad. It will only work with an Android tablet.I was able to get my Android phone to work with the program. However, when I added my PC as a device the location was way off--it wasn't even in the same zip code!There has to be a better, more reasonably priced, program. Norton used to have a good reputation, but this program is a real loser.
After I installed this on my tablet,which was sitting in front of me at home, I checked to see the address where my tablet was located and it gave an address down my street.  The Norton web page suggested I contact Norton regarding this. I called Norton and waited a half hour on hold before having to hang up. I called again and have been on hold for almost an hour and a half despite the screen saying my wait should be five minutes.I normally love Norton products. I have used Norton Internet Security products for at least a decade.  I have been noticing increased wait times for support lately but this is inexcusable.  I even tried using online chat which was supposed to be available without a wait and I was told there was a wait.It is 8:37 eastern time and I finally have hung up. I would have liked to figure out the problem and give a better review but a real part of this review is the nearly hour and a half wait time that ended not with a support agent but with me giving up.This is also supposed to take a picture every 10 minutes with the built in camera on the device. It was not doing that. Once again I hoped to talk to Norton and try to figure out the problem but as I said I hung up after nearly an hour and a half on hold.I have never given a bad rating to a Norton product but I have to now.  This is not working accurately and while I could be messing something up waiting an hour and a half is more than enough time to try to get the problem resolved.At least I know if my tablet is lost this will locate the area about a block away from its location.
Over my life I have had electronic items stolen or lost more than once.  Once I lose them they seem to never return.  So, when I got a chance to try this item it was with high hopes.  Although it might help if my phone or computer was stolen by someone who uses it over the internet in a public space (so that I can confront the thief), I don't think that this would be very practical in most situations.It was disappointing to find that many of the features that this program are available free online.  I conducted a mock kidnapping of my laptop and tried to find it via the Norton Anti-Theft.  I had a very difficult time but I eventually pinned it down to a few houses.  I was disappointed in this as it does not seem accurate enough for retrieval.
I'm going to have to look up tutorials on YouTube for this one. I have tons of Cyberlink Products, none of which I've purchased in the past, they've either come with a new computer or was a free gift with other software. I've been using Corel products and have been happy with them. I've recently starts using Pinnacle products which I am liking, and I really hate to compare them to this product, but I have to. This software, what I have been able to gather since I've started to use it, is a bit elementary to me. It seems like the major use for this would be to make home movies or burn CDS and DVDs. I didn't like that once I installed it, the InstaBurn icon stayed in my start up icons at the lower right hand corner of my pc and made my pc drag. I could not find a way to disable it, so I ended up uninstalling it. Sorry, but this did not work for me.
PowerDVD **I use to be a huge fan of PowerDVD, but recent versions have made me avoid it... everything from bugs to changes in the way it ran have left me hating it. I want PowerDVD like it was back in version 5.0... a simple DVD/video player. Version 12, included with this suite, is a bloated iTunes-style media player, only with less features. As much as I hate iTunes, it at least makes you feel like you're in control of your library... PowerDVD is nothing more then a browser for media files on your system. Watching DVDs and blu-rays is not very convenient... sluggish response and glitchy controls makes it too awkward. In addition, PowerDVD use to offer you an advanced control panel when viewing movies... now, everything is controlled through a right-click menu. PowerDVD no longer is the stand-out player it use to be. Nothing special here.PowerDirector ****Still my favorite video editor... powerful enough to allow me to do anything I want to and allows me to quickly make DVDs of my kids for long-distance relatives. Seems to be missing a couple of features from version 9, and is a bit slower. Not sure what version this is (ultra, deluxe, etc.) and can't get a straight answer out of the program nor Cyberlink's website.MediaEspresso *First time using this media convertor, and probably my last. Not impressive at all. I have a couple of media convertors I use, two of which are freeware, yet they have more features and are FAR faster then this program.LabelPrint ****First time using this program and my favorite in the suite. Lets you print labels on your CDs and DVDs... very easy and quick to do.PowerBackup ***I use Acronis Trueimage, but gave PowerBackup a shot... not too bad, but no where near as many options as Trueimage. Overpriced on its own.PowerDVD Copy *Like MediaEspresso, nothing special... there's plenty of freeware out there that'll do just as well, but this program won't copy protected DVDs.MediaShow *I don't know why they included this when PowerDVD does essentially the same thing... keeps all your media organized.Although I like PowerDirector and LabelPrint, overall there's not a whole lot here to get excited about. None of the programs offer anything unique on their own and some share the same features. I would be more interested if they merged most of the programs into a full-featured application, rather then multiple limited-feature utilities.I also had trouble updating the programs after installation. I was happy to see that you can update all the programs in the suite with one program, but it didn't work... rather, it kept telling me everything was up-to-date. I ended up having to manually install updates for each program.
First the positives.Simple install and setup,Navigating the menus is pretty easy.Now for the negatives.If you wish to use all of the features this product has to offer expect to pay insane amounts of money.If you wish to setup a custom payroll system you are going to pay at least $300 a year!Not only that but now you must add up amounts paid yourself since the program won't do it for you.When you see people giving this 5 stars they are totally ignoring the way Sage is ripping people off with these crazy fees for features that should have already been available in the first place.Older versions allowed you to manually enter payroll tax information but not this one,now you have to pay extra for it.If you have the cash to throw away then by all means buy this and pay extra for all of the features but for everybody else stay away from this product.
I ordered te Sage 50 Complete Accounting 2013 and it installed alright, ran ok, but I really am very dubious about a program that has such a high annual "renewal cost".I will more than likely return to my previous program that I used before installing Sage.  At $650, for me, a person with a small home-based business, I just cannot justify the cost.  I have not had to call custmer service for any reason, but based on the other reviews I have read,it seems that I have been most fortunate.
I do not use a lot of accounting software but I found Sage 50 to be's pretty straightforward and easy to pick up. And in general I would recommend it As a software package but you can get QuickBooks Pro for cheaper and the other caveat you have to keep in mind is that you have to pay to have your tax tables work. And that is something that if like many of the other reviewers have highlighted you expected to get for free that is a glaring Issue to this otherwise decent software package.But if you're not really concerned about using the tax tables and can avoid that the that I think ill find a learning curve here not too difficult. But also be worn some of the other reviews of highlighted how bad the customer support can be. I take things like that the heart just in case you need technical support I for one don't usually if ever needed, but yeah hopefully that something it will address when they see these reviews.I personally think that this need to have a price drop and include utilizing the tax tables for no additional fee to make it a feasible competitor to QuickBooks Pro.That is my 69Thanks for reading!
I was expecting a bit of a learning curve with Sage 50, but after spending several hours with it, it ended up being way too complicated and not worth the effort in wasting any more time. Unless you're already familiar with the program or have somebody who knows what they're doing working with this, I can't recommend it. It's just not worth the extreme hassle -- they could have made this much easier to learn for the average person, or even somebody with a little knowledge in the area like myself.
I've had a small business for years, and I've kept the books for it using another popular software that suits my few needs quite well.  This software program is far too complicated for my needs.  Perhaps it is perfect for a large and growing concern, but it's not good for me.  I'm going back (happily) to QuickBooks where I can be small and remain small.This experience would have convinced me to give this product an average (three rating).  However, finding that I needed to buy more (tax tables), gives me a bad impression of the product, thus the rating was knocked down a notch.  I have noticed a number of software manufacturers now include this feature.  You get a thirty-day trial, but then you have to buy an additional feature at a significant cost.  I consider this a poor strategy to maintain a happy customer base.Two Stars
The 2013 version of Sage is very different from older/previous versions. The most significant chance is you have to pay to have the tax format tables work. Previous editions of Sage have always given the user the option to enter their tax information manually. This process is moderately easy and once learned is very easy to annually update (and costs nothing). However Sage has never been an easy program to pick up and use with ease. For new users who have never touched a Sage program I would Highly recommend reading up on it prior or else you'll be left with a blank stair or confusion.I have used Peachtree software in the past and it has always been reliable and easy to use. However the 2013 Sage has turned their popular program into another way to make tons of money. Depending on your choices you could easily spend $250-300 dollars a yeah on the tax program alone.Sage is meant to work on all recent editions of Windows. No need to buy the New stick with the Old.
Simple install and setup,Navigating the menus is pretty easy.Now for the negativesIf you wish to use all of the features this product has to offer expect to pay insane amounts of money.If you wish to setup a custom payroll system you are going to pay at least $300 a year!Not only that but now you must add up amounts paid yourself since the program won't do it for you.When you see people giving this 5 stars they are totally ignoring the way Sage is ripping people off with these crazy fees for features that should have already been available in the first place.If you have the cash to throw away then by all means buy this and pay extra for all of the features but for everybody else stay away from this product.
The user interface of this product isn't bad, fairly intuitive and user friendly, but I was surprised to discover that features that I thought should be standard (at least standard for something for this price and with 'premium' in the name) had to have another pricey subscription to be activated. Doesn't make sense. There are cheaper products out there with more functionality.
Yes, it does let you edit PDFs as if they were Word documents. If there are more lines on the page than can fit, the text will flow to a new page. However, if the previous page has a background image, the image is not duplicated on the new page, and I don't see a way to replicate that.There is also no "Save As" function. No, wait there is, just not in Advanced Edit mode.If the original font is not available, it will change it to a standard font. Strange.The font dropdown doesn't give you a preview of what the font looks like. Bad.Lots of other features which let you collaborate, take advantage of Cloud storage, conversion to Office files, creating forms from static PDFs, using speech recognition to add comments ... not ready for prime time.
I have tried a couple of different software packages from Corel that claimed to convert between Office file formats and PDF.  Neither of those was effective; therefore, I was still in search for an effective solution.  So I decided to give PDF Converter Professional 8.0 a try.  It has plenty of features beyond converting files, but those are expensive window dressing if the conversion isn't effective.So, how does it stack up?  Unfortunately, it didn't fare much better than the Corel software I've used in the past.  After installation it integrates with Office to provide the capability to create PDF files.  It does a reasonable job preserving formatting in the Office to PDF conversion.  However, the converse is almost an utter failure.  I tried numerous PDFs that were sourced from Word and Excel, and I used PDF Converter Professional to import them back into their origin format.  The Word documents lost font integrity and bullet points.  However, the bigger issue came with the Excel file.  It was six pages with color formatted header and title lines.  The resulting Excel file had no color, and each page from the PDF was placed in a separate sheet.  The result was useless.  I realize that the issues could likely be with Office, but Nuance claims that their software provides the most accurate PDF conversion.  None of the documents I sampled were overly complex, but the PDF to Office conversion was an abject failure.  My search continues, and I have to advise against this software package if preserving format when going from PDF back to Office is a priority.
I've been running the preview version of Windows 8 on one of my laptops for a couple of months now. To be honest, I totally despised it at first. Without the "Start" button, trying to learn a new user interface was very frustrating. It took time, and I got used to it. Still though, I thought the Metro UI was very awkward on non-touchscreen hardware. Why Microsoft decided to not give users the option to have the Start button, and use the "Classic UI" desktop if desired, is beyond me. What turned me around was the 3rd party applications that give you back the Start button and Desktop. I've been using a free program called "Classic Shell" which allows me to run Windows 8 in a hybrid mode where I have both the Metro UI, and classic Windows Desktop with Start Button. With 1 click of the mouse, I can switch back and forth. I highly recommend it if you find the new Windows 8 Metro UI frustrating.OK, on to my upgrade experience. I decided to upgrade my old, modest dual-core, Windows 7 desktop. I downloaded the "Windows 8 Upgrade Advisor" from Microsoft and let it analyze my system. After about 5 minutes, it told me what was compatible, what wasn't, and my installation options. It offered the special limited time $40 upgrade, which I took advantage of. The download was about 2GB, and took about 5 minutes on my fast internet connection. Once downloaded, I decided to upgrade my current Windows 7 installation instead of starting from scratch. This is probably only a good idea if you're sure your current version of Windows is running well, as any issues could be imported into Windows 8. The installation process took a little longer than an hour, which I thought was a little long. When it finished, Windows 8 booted up and I was up and running Windows 8. I only had 1 issue. The installation nuked my Norton Anti-Virus 2012. Despite being supposedly compatible, the program would no longer run. I also couldn't get it to uninstall normally. The "Norton Removal Tool" was no help either, as it just hangs up when run. I'm not too concerned. For now, I'm using Windows 8 new built in security suite, "Defender". Once I sorted that out, all my programs seem to run fine. As stated earlier, I installed "Classic Shell", and enjoy running the Metro UI and classic Windows Desktop at the same time. I ran "Windows Update" and there were several large Windows 8 updates already available. The download was over 1GB, but installed quickly. Windows 7 ran very well on this old system, and Windows 8 does too. I'm not seeing any real differences in boot times, etc. I'm getting more and more used to Metro, which I guess eventually we'll all have to since this is the road Microsoft chose to take. All in all, at the low special upgrade price, I'm happy with Windows 8. With the 3rd party application giving me the choice which mode to run in, I have the best of Windows 7 and Windows 8 running on my system. To the person with little experience with Windows 8, do some homework and have a lot of patience. It's a whole new experience from Windows 7. Some will love it, and some will hate it. Luckily there are tools out there that allow you to have the choice how the OS looks and runs.Edit 11/14/2013:From now until January 31,2013, you can get the "Windows 8 Media Center Pack" free of charge from Microsoft. Just go to the link below, and follow the instructions. If Amazon removes the link, the link is on the MS Windows 8 "Add features" page, or just Google "Windows 8 Media Center Pack offer".:[...]
I will never upgrade my parents to this OS.  I can not imagine trying to help them use it over the phone.  It would go a little like this:Mom: I want to have my email and my internet open at the same time so I can type a recipe in for your aunt.Me: Ok. Are you using the mail application that came with Windows.Mom: Yes, I click the mail button and it takes over my whole screen.  So does internet.Me: No, you can't do that.  You need to open your mail in your browser, because I haven't figured out how to make the mail app not take over.Mom: Ok, but I'm stuck again in the mail app.  It took over my whole screen. How do I get back to the internet?Me: Well, you can put your mouse up in the upper right corner.Mom: Why, nothing is there?Me: I know, just put it up there and it will make the charms bar appear.Mom: The what bar?Me: Nevermind what it is called, just do it.Mom: Nothing is happening.Me: Did you go all the way to the top right?Mom: No... okay, I did it, but they went away.Me: Okay, put it up there and leave it there and then go straight down the four little squares together.Mom: Four little squares?Me: Nevermind.  Just push the windows button on your keyboard.Mom: Which button.Me: It has the windows logo and might say "start".Mom: Why isn't there just a start button on the screen like my old computer had.Me: Hitting my head.Mom: Okay, I found it.Me: Did you press it?Mome: Ok, I pressed it and now I'm back to all those square tiles. It is really cluttered like when you used to scold me for putting everything on my desktop.Me: Yeah, that's it.  Click Internet Explorer.Mom: Let me find it...Mom: Okay it took over my screen.Me: Okay, you need to open two tabs.  In one tab put in your email website and in the other put in the site for your recipe.Mom: That's not what I want.  I want them side by side.Me: Okay, you'll need to change to desktop mode and launch internet explorer in desktop mode.  Then you can have two internet windows open side by side.Mom: Desktop mode?Me: Yeah, press windows button and hold it down while you press M.Mom: That just took me back to all those cluttered squares.Me: Try again.Mom: That worked! Where's internet explorer?Me: Well, you still need to launch it.  You need to bring up the charms bar, search for it, and then launch it.  Then you need to configure it to run in desktop mode.Mom: Nevermind.  I'll just call your aunt and read the recipe to her over the phone.Me: Good idea.Mom: Why did you put the new Windows on here?Me: Because it is faster and Microsoft said it was simpler.Mom: Umhmmm...-----So, I gotta be honest.  I thought the concept was brilliant by Microsoft to come up with a fusion product that merges the world of touch traditional.  However, it is so poorly executed and provides such a jarring user experience at times that I just can't give it a high rating.  I'm afraid that I am just hoping for Microsoft to release some updates that allow you to force it into one mode or another. I'm forcing myself to keep Windows 8 to become proficient, and I'm resisting the urge to install one of the "classic" start button programs to make desktop mode feel like Windows 7, but it really is tempting.I think Microsoft is onto something, but it just isn't right, yet.
I have to admit I'm a huge fan of Photoshop. The last time I used PaintShop Pro was eons ago, when I was still using Windows 95 (Back then PaintShop Pro was known simply as Paint Shop). The latest version of PaintShop Pro turned out to be a huge disappointment.The app is excruciatingly slow in loading raw files. It first loads a low resolution of the image, and while the full resolution is loading, you cannot pan the image until the full resolution is loaded. It takes about a minute, sometimes longer, for the full resolution of a file to be loaded. This alone is a deal breaker for me as I shoot and edit my images only in Raw.The user interface is crowded, and you cannot work in full screen mode like in Photoshop. The only time you can go full screen is in the Quick Preview Mode, and even then I find the Preview Mode unusable because I'm unable to pan the entire image (only about the middle two-thirds of the image) when I'm in a 1:1 scale. Not acceptable.Well, it looks like I haven't missed very much not having used PaintShop all these years. It's back to trusty old Photoshop for me. If you're considering buying PaintShop Pro, take advantage of the 30-day free trial and try it before you buy it (to locate the free trial, simply go to the Corel site or search the Web for "Corel PaintShop Pro X5 free trial"). Better yet, if you have just basic image editing needs, check out a FREE image editor called FastStone Image Viewer (it's called an "image viewer," but it's actually a powerful image editor as well).
I had the opportunity to try and to compare three different internet security suites including McAfee All Access,Kaspersky Internet Security 2013 - 3 Users(KIS) andNorton 360 2013 - 1 User / 3 PC [Download].  Technology websites such as PC Magazine or CNET spend a lot of time testing the effectiveness of internet security suites at finding and disabling malware and viruses and the effectiveness of firewalls at repelling attacks.  Therefore these websites are better at reviewing the actual effectiveness of the software than my experience with my own computers.  However, the user experience is an important part of the software.  What good is a very good internet security package if it slows your computer to a crawl or isnt easy to use?  So it is the user experience of the three internet security suites that I am comparing.All three of the internet security suites allow you to try the software on your own machine before buying and it is probably a good idea to do this before buying so that you can see how the security suite affects your own computer and if you like the interface.  Just go to the software manufactures website and click on the download option to get the trial version. Once you decide, you can order the software from Amazon (generally less expensive than purchasing directly) and then enter the product key that comes with your software delivered from Amazon to convert the trial version into a year long license.All Access is developed by McAfee which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Intel Corporation and is located in California.  PC Magazine did not have a ranking of All Access for direct comparison against the other two packages.  However, in a separate review, PC Magazine found that McAfee's antivirus program was just average.  In terms of malware, McAfee detected 68% of malware and 40% of rootkit detection and removal.  In comparison, both KIS and Norton 360 detected 89% of malware and 100% of rootkit.  However, McAfee was especially effective at blocking websites that host malware and McAfee's SiteAdvisor was very effective at warning about dangerous sites and links by placing a color coded icon next to links in the user's web browser for all sites including Facebook.The installation of the software was straightforward, but the time required for the installation was the longest of the three packages which were evaluated.  All Access scans your computer before the software is installed to prevent malicious programs from interfering with the installation.  You have the option of choosing not to install specific components of the package such as the parental controls if you don't need them.In addition to installing on your PC, there is also the possibility to install McAfee on your mobile devices.  Installation is very straightforward online.  You enter your country and phone number on the McAfee website and you receive a text on your mobile device with a link to install the software.As with the other security suites, All Access allows for quick or full scans of your computer.  Unlike Norton 360, All Access allows you to setup full scans of USB drives as soon as they are added to your computer.  The scan times were a little longer than KIS and Norton 360 and I found that the scan demanded noticeable amounts of system resources, especially on a netbook with an Intel Atom 1.6 Ghz processor and 2 GB of RAM.  In fact, scans of USB drives completely locked up the computer for the duration of the scan.  I later uninstalled All Access from the netbook and installed Norton 360 in its place.  I found that Norton 360 had significantly less impact on the netbook than McAfee All Access.  I could be running scans on the netbook using Norton 360 and still use programs like Word in the meantime.  This was not possible with McAfee All Access.Unlike Norton 360 or KIS, All Access does not check to determine if the programs installed on your computer need to be updated or the reputation of the programs.Other features of All Access beyond the anti-virus protection and the firewall include online backup of your files, file lock which locks important files in a digital vault, shredder which eliminates files you delete, overviews of your home network and QuickClean which helps to improve your PC's performance by erasing unnecessary files.  The overview of the network lets you see which programs have been active and their internet traffic volume.I found the user interface for McAfee All Access to be the most difficult to navigate of the three internet security programs if you want to go beyond the basic settings.Pros:- Very good website advisor which alerts you to dangerous links in search results and social pages.- Can setup automatic virus scans whenever a USB drive is plugged into the computer- Can view network traffic of each program running on your computer- Long but easy installationCons:- Only average score for virus detection and removal in the PC Magazine test- Very noticeable effect on system resources.  It was the worst of the three internet security packages that I evaluated.- Lack of a system vulnerability scan which assesses the risk of individual programs installed on your computerOverall, I would not recommend McAffee All Access.  The virus protection is only average and the demand on system resources is too high.  Both Norton 360 and Kaspersky Internet Security offer better protection of your computer at a lower cost to the system performance.
Like the other reviewers I was flummoxed by receiving what seemed to be an empty box. I shook the box upside down and out popped the access card with directions on where to download the software. McAfee must save a bundle by not mailing out a CD and I have a hunch this method will be adopted by other companies, unfortunately.REVISION- I was able to download the program by the URL kindly given in the comments: [...]. The card in the box did not include the download page with the space for the serial number.The final acquisition of Total Access is a laborious process. You have to establish a McAfee account if you don't have one. When finally downloading the system sent a box up saying I wasn't on the Internet. (I was). I managed to bypass that then Mcafee said two of my programs were not compatible with Mcafee- Malabytes and Norton 360. Since I had hoped to test Norton performance of Norton vs. Mcafee I agreed to the uninstalling of Norton and Malabytes so I could see Mcafee operate by itself. Malabytes disappeared but after considerable grinding Mcafee said its attempt at removing Nortons was not successful.I was asked to restart the computer.I finally was able to see the file download box but the download and installation seemed to take forever. The whole operation from start to finish took half an hour.I realize I cannot expound on the performance of Access since I just downloaded it. My tech says when more than one anti-virus software is on your set they will compete against each other and only one will be successful in removing the virus. But which one? I am posting this review in hopes other people will understand that getting Mcafee on their set via the card in the box will require patience.
My Mac is about 4 years old now and I was hoping to not have to upgrade, but I am not having much luck finding malware protection for it. This does not work on the MAC.It did install fine on my WIndows 7 PC and seems to be doing a decent job. Slows it down a little though and sometimes banners pop up with McAfee advertisements. I will be replacing this soon.I could not make this work at all on my WIndows 8 PC, it would not even install.I'm not sure this is worth the effort.
I would love to review this software, if I COULD.The product key that came with it isn't working. I have tried retyping it several times, double checking to make sure I typed it in correctly, to no avail. It keeps giving me some error message about the language and country not being compatible. ?They only offer free phone support AFTER you have activated your account.
At one time this was a product Quicken gave away if you bought the Quicken financial package, but it always has been a separate sale item, too.Is this a good product to buy on its own?Let me start with the forms.  I found them to be basic and merely skeleton outlines that you can print and fill in the blanks or copy and paste into any word processor so you can add additional information such as your name, address, etc.  In some respects these forms reminded me of ones I created in early Windows XP where underlining was used to indicate where you should enter information.The included Nolo books are nice and actually up to date, rarity in many of these programs (most of the free books are several years outdated).  Topics include contracts, managerial issues, deductions, etc (5 in all).But there are problems involved.  First, if you don't register immediately you'll be bugged every time you boot the program so get used to it.Second, the interface is not intuitive.  To access the books I had to create a portfolio at which time the library appeared.  Sort of odd but I couldn't immediately find another way to get to them.Also, the program clearly states any support ends late December, 2012.  You have 2 years to download any updates that may be available but you'll either have to upgrade to the 2013 version or hope what you have here still applies.  That means roughly $50 to buy the program and more each year to get updates.Finally, the program itself is full of links to additional information -- all at substantial cost.  If you want the more involved information and forms you'll have to pay (quite often at a much higher premium then this initial software cost).While the information provided may be worth the initial cost the constant sales pitches and pleas to upgrade just don't make it worth the future cost and effort unless you get it free as part of a Quicken financial product purchase.
When it comes to speech recognition software, Dragon is pretty much the only game in town. Ever since Dragon Naturally Speaking version 9, the accuracy of voice recognition has been very good.The upgrade from Dragon Naturally Speaking version 9 to 10 improved the accuracy of voice recognition perceptibly; and even version 11 improved the voice recognition noticeably. But Nuance disabled the use of Dragon Naturally Speaking version 11 in Electronic Medical Record programs. They want to sell, Nuance Dragon Medical Practice Edition 1 or 2, several times more expensive to the healthcare market. And the irony of all this is that despite costing several times more, Dragon Medical 11 (Dragon Medical Practice 1) does not work any better for electronic medical records than Dragon Medical 10. You just feel being ripped off!Having used Dragon Naturally Speaking version 12 for 4 weeks now, I think version 12 is actually a DOWNGRADE and not an upgrade because of following reasons.1. SLOWER:  I have been spending a lot of time watching the spinning dragon in the correction window on Intel i3 processor 10 Gb RAM computer. Sometimes 6 seconds for a correction.2. BUGGY: The Dictation Box keeps popping up in a variety of programs even when you are directly dictating into the program and do not want it. For example, you are dictating a document in Microsoft Word and suddenly the Dictation Box pops up and all dictation starts going to the box instead of Microsoft Word document.3. Many of the old formatting commands do not work, and you have to learn a whole set of formatting commands all over again. Nuance is claiming lot of new formatting commands but so far I have seen very few new usable commands.4. It does not work for Electronic Medical Record programs. And also functions poorly in browser and Citrix based programs. That is where Dictation Box is useful.5. It does not work on Remote Desktop programs like RDC, Logmein, RDW, JumpDesktop etc.6. Keeps crashing in Windows 8 and does not close, when you exit the program. Releasing a program in late 2012, tailgated by Windows 8 release, that does not work well with Windows 8.UPGRADE? Huh?But version 12 has a few practical advantages.1. The repertoire of recording devices has increased.2. You can add multiple audio sources to your profile, instead of having to create multiple profiles.3. Tutorial is nice, as of now only text, and no videos.According to Nuance, the accuracy has improved by 20% but the improvement is hard to perceive in day to day use because Version 12 is slower. Slight improvement in accuracy for a slower program is not a trade off to call an upgrade. Version 12 is supposed to have social media commands, but I have not used those.Based on my personal experience with microphones and recording devices over 15 years on Dragon Naturally Speaking version 3 to 12, I found the following.A. USB MICROPHONES: give the best voice recognition.Andrea NC-181 VM USB High Fidelity Monaural USB Computer Headset (P-C1-1022300-1)is good value for money. And if you are dictating long documents or do dictation stop-n-go piecemeal then connection between microphone and computer is solid. Dragon or Plantronics USB headsets that come bundled with this program also give good (but not the best) accuracy, but lack mute and volume controls.B. BLUETOOTH MICROPHONES: Work fairly well, but not as good as USB microphones.PLANTRONIC Calisto Headset with USB Dongle - 81493-02is very good. The biggest handicap with wireless microphones is that connection between the microphone and the computer keeps breaking and they do not work well for piecemeal stop-n-go and dictation. Every-time you start dictating after a long pause, you have to reestablish the connection.C. RECORDING DEVICES:Olympus WS-821 Voice Recorders with 2 GB Built-In-Memorygives excellent accuracy, comes with built in USB port and is very reasonably priced. I use the 4 GB versionOlympus WS-822 GMT Voice Recorders with 4 GB Built-In-Memory.Sony ICD-MX20DR9 32MB Flash-Based Digital Voice Recorder&Sony ICD-SX712 Digital Flash Voice Recordergive good accuracy but require USB cable and software.  Dragon has an iPhone Recorder app which also works very well and gives decent accuracy on iPhone 5 and you can download the sound files to the computer using bonjour on the computer. For dictation on-the-go,  and later transcription on Dragon, these are the way to go.D. SMARTPHONES AS MICROPHONES: I have not had good experience with iOS devices like iPhone or iPod touch, using as microphones, and the main problem is that their connection with computer keeps breaking off, in middle of dictation, which is very disruptive when you are dictating a long document or pause for 15-30 minutes. Getting a phone call or text in middle of dictation can be troublesome. iOS devices are probably OK for short snippets for Facebook posting, as shown in Demo, but not long document dictation. it is supposed to work with Android devices too, but I have not used it personally. Dragon Recorder app on iPhone 5 works very well as a recording device, however.If you do a lot of dictation, particularly stop-n-go, like I do, for an hour or more every day, then consider hand-held and table USB microphones. Time wasted in putting a microphone on and off the ear and turning it on and off can add up. Instead of turning microphone on and off use "go to sleep" and "wake up" commands - much quicker.1). TABLE MICROPHONES: SpeechWare's TableMike's 3-in-1, 6-in-1 and 9-in-1 TableMikes are absolutely phenomenal.SpeechWare 3-in1 TableMikeis what I use every day and I have not had used a microphone with better speech recognition accuracy than this. For me, working handsfree increases the productivity. But you are better off buying that directly from Knowbrainer, and owner Lunis is very knowledgeable about the microphones and will guide you well and provide technical support for 30 days.2). HANDHELD MICROPHONES: LikePhilips LFH3500 SpeechMike Premium with Precision Microphone and Push Button OperationsandDictaphone PowerMic II Handheld USB Dictation Microphone (Without Scanner)have good speech recognition accuracy and the advantage of adding programmable buttons for activities that you do repetitively in your work day. Philips LFH3500 SpeechMike Premium has a better speech recognition accuracy, motion sensor that mutes the microphone when you lay it flat, a trackball and the buttons can be programmed to work in multiple applications - like Excel, Quickbooks, etc. but Philips software is very buggy.  PowerMic II Microphone is made by Nuance, works only with Dragon Medical, has a trackpoint (like ThinkPad), cannot be used in any other application other than Dragon Medical but needs no extra software, comes with software built-into Dagon Medical. SpeechMike LFH3500 is the other microphone I use every day.If you are already using Dragon version 10 or 11, then stick with it because you will lose a lot of functionality in version 12 without gaining much in accuracy.If this is the first time you are buying Dragon and you do not plan to use voice recognition for electronic medical records directly in the EMR program or on remote desktop (like LogMeIn, RDC etc.)  then go for version 12. Otherwise, stick with version 10 or 11 or grabDragon NaturallySpeaking Premium 11, [Old Version] at a much lesser price. Version 11 has excellent accuracy, is fairly fast, and is not buggy  but does not work with Electronic Medical Records.Of course, you can still use Dragon 12 with a recorder and the speech can be transcribed later and entered into the EMR program using cut and paste. that works or people who use an assistant to transcribe and enter data into EMR.  Dragon Medical actually comes with an Autotranscribe Agent, which runs in the background and turns voice files uploaded into a folder on the computer directly into the text, unattended. If you use that great tool Autotranscribe, then you may not feel bad paying for Dragon Medical.Dragon NaturallySpeaking 10 Preferred - Medium Box  works in most electronic medical record programs and on less powerful computers but is less accurate than version 11. Dragon NaturallySpeaking 9 Preferred [OLD VERSION] works in all electronic medical record programs that I know off. If not at Amazon, you can find older versions at off the beaten path retailers online, very cheaply. But if you work with electronic health record on a Windows 7 or 8 computer, you have no other option but to buy Dragon Medical Practice 1 or 2. The whole point of Dragon 12 upgrade is really to choke off the use of regular Dragon in electronic medical programs.
Out company has used QuickNotes for a while and thought this would be a good upgrade. Unfortunately the upgrade itself was painful and broke a lot of our integration points in the process. We had to roll back to the 2012 version.
Im a new mac user and wanted to try the software to take care of my small business.I was using windows with the 2011 version and didnt have any problems with it.Well,i cant say that with this version.Its very buggy and has all kinds of problems with it.It seems they didnt go through it very well to be sure it was working properly.I realize new programs tend to have some problems but this is really bad.They could have done a much better job with the program.I guess sales are more important.Good way to get people upset and not want to buy there programs.Im going back to my windows program till the bugs are worked out.I would wait to buy it till they get it fixed.
Since 2010 Quicken has been a disappointment in that certain data and file limitations due to a switch in the core programming of Quicken cause it to come to a near stop.  In fact I will have to divide my data up into two files to continue to work with Quicken.  I fortunately was able to make a back up copy of my 2011 Quicken data (and not convert it to 2013) as the copies that I did convert would not operate at all.  I continued to get system not responding  errors with 2013.  After exploring chat support groups I was able to determine that there are limitations to the new programs which if exceeded will make the program inoperable.  Specifically investment data, price history, etc. when they reach a certain number of data entries cause the program system to become inoperable.  Specifically I trade stocks and there is a limit of stocks that can be tracked.  I attempted to copy and validate my file and was successful but the validated copy had the same problem when attempting to run.  At this point I will seek to explore other accounting programs and very well may leave Quicken after nearly 20 years of being a loyal customer.  Perhaps this is a sign of the death of the personal computer and the new age of tablets.Please note the following information from the Quicken website:Size or Capacity Limitations of a Quicken Data FileUpdated: 5/23/2012 | Article ID: GEN82708In a Quicken file you can have:Accounts - Up to 512 accounts of each Account Type (spending, credit, investment, etc.);Transactions, reports, and graphs - As many as allowed by the size of your hard drive;Categories, subcategories, and classes - Up to 32,768 of each;Trackable stocks - Up to 2,000 total;Split lines - approximately 250 total.Note: Once the limit has been reached, there is no way to decrease the limit count.  For example, deleting an account will not "free-up" the code-line occupied by that account.  This means that you cannot delete list elements and then be able to create new ones.  Your only option once the limit is reached is to start a new Quicken file, keeping the current file as an historical copy.
I installed the Norton internet security hoping it will protect me from viruses. It does much more than that. It wiped out all the passwords i had stored on the system. Not only that, it seems the privacy settings cleared all my history, not only in browsers but in office too. My recent documents were wiped clean in office , corel and photoshop.This internet security also buts in and shuts down the browser if it attempts to scan ,while browsing. There should be a way to change the way it works in handling stored passwords and history, recent documents etc. But i have not found it yet. This for me says it is not user friendly. If someone has to show me how to set the privacy settings after going through all the options 4 times then this is a difficult anti-virus to use.I have not seen it do much yet as in detecting viruses but i give it the benefit of doubt. If you install this, make sure you have written down all your passwords somewhere safe as you will be needing them soon.
PRO'S* Along with the quick scan, full system scan, and custom scan for viruses and malware, you can now haveNorton scan your Facebook wall for malicious links.* The reputation-based security checks where your programs were installed from and when they wereinstalled, and compares that data against the tens of millions of users participating in the crowd sourcedNorton Community Watch to see if any of your programs should be red-flagged.* Lets you email, chat and surf the Web without worrying about cybercriminals ripping you offCONS* Slows computer down drastically* Removes needed files* Irritating & annoying pop upsWhat's new in this version:* Customizable Control Center gives you the option to choose your preference between asimplified screen or the traditional detailed view.* Identity Safe alerts have moved to the Norton Toolbar so there are less interruptionswhile you are online - but your passwords are still as secure as ever.* Bandwidth Management limits Norton's processes and updates when you have limitedbandwidth or monthly downloads.I would not recommend this product. 2013 NIS keeps freezing my computer which I never hada problem previously. Had to uninstall and reinstall and finally removed it permanently.
I have been a Pinnacle user for many years. Like ALL video editing software, it has issues or, as we like to call them, "glitches." Over the years, I have found that the Pinnacle products (Including the Studio 12 version I have been using for the past year or so) had fewer of them than other products I have tried. This new Studio 16 Ultimate continues the tradition of having fewer glitches than one might expect. It is a comparatively complex program with a significant learning curve. I am a reasonably proficient home videographer and know my way around software - But, even so, it took me over six hours of reading, trial-and-error and experimentation before I understood this software well enough to produce a short and simple 15 minute video.The range of features is quite impressive. Direct linkages with Apple devices and the Cloud, 3D production tools, Dolby Sound capacity, superior drag-and-drop capabilities and 50GB of cloud-based media and project access/transfer are included. I was WOWed just looking at it and reviewing the user guides (all electronic, of course) but then was quickly bogged down in the sheer complexity arising from dozens of choices and features that I, as a home video maker, would not likely ever have the interest in or need to make use of.My initial 15 minute project took nearly an entire day at the computer to complete. Admittedly, much of that time was spent figuring out how to get a complex program to do something simple. It is more sensible to get a simpler (and less expensive) program to accomplish simple things.My impression is that this Studio 16 Ultimate program is much more than most home users would need or want. It makes doing what are generally easy and straight-forward tasks difficult. So, for my own purposes, I find the Studio 12 far more user friendly.The professional user might feel differently, but I would imagine that for the pro, this program would be less than adequately comprehensive. It is in the middle - In a no-man's-land where it is too much for the average home user and probably not adequately engineered for the true professional videographer.
When I choose a software program to use I look for those that are so intuitive that I can do in and play around without reading the directions.  This isn't it.  It has a lot of capbabilities but honestly I did not have the patience to figure them all out- especially since other providers offer a more intuitive interface.  If you are really into this for professional use or you want profession effects then it might be worth you taking the time to read through all the directions for "ultimate" experience.
First of all this cause conflicts with several programs on my computer rendering them unusable. Before I removed it because the other programs were ones I really needed I did try to use it for around a week. This only works OK if you do things it's way. It automatically guides you toward what it thinks you should be using. On top of that it's VERY SLOOOOOOOOOOW. All in all I personally didn't find it very useful & not really worth keeping on my computer because of the conflicts. It might work better if you had a machine dedicated just to it
There are a lot of things this software does that older versions do as well and some things the others do not such as the stereoscopic 3D and the ability to author to Blu-ray.  Though the software is nice, its what's missing that makes me want for more.  I compared my old version 12 to this version 16 and found that I had options like picture noise removal in the older that is a cost add-on on this version. And the buttons are easier to locate and use on the older version than this one.  Also, just setting up a basic video for adding sound and effects seems to take longer and doesn't quite come out as good as the other version.  Overall, as you can tell, I am not happy with this version and will likely uninstall this to go back to version 12.
Knowing that all Macs running the newest operation system, Mountain Lion, now have an application called "Dictation" built into the operating system many people completely dismiss Dragon all together. However, there are some reasons that you should consider Dragon over using Dictation. First of all, Dictation is only a speech to text application whereas Dragon is more of a different means to control your computer. If I was to solely judge which had the better accuracy I'd give it hands down to Dictation and I'd recommend it to anyone who wanted simply speech to text. The only reason I can see for buying Dragon would be if there was some reason that you couldn't use a mouse or keyboard. Dragon isn't as accurate as Dictation, the headset isn't anything to get excited about, and the setup/registration of Dragon is a major pain. Also note that if you don't have OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion) and want speech to text, it would still be cheaper to buy Mountain Lion versus getting Dragon.In order for Dragon to be a reasonable alternative to Dictation they'll really have to step up their game in order to even compete.
I don't own a Mac and therefore gave this software to a friend to try out. It didn't go well, so bad in fact that he may end up not being my friend after this debacle. The software installed fine, but the actual functional use of this software is absolutely horrible. Nothing works properly on it! Unlike the Windows version, which works fantastically great, this software is a dismal failure. What is the problem? I mean really, this company makes a terrific product for Windows, but a horrible one for Mac! What is up with that?I tried to get my friend (I hope he is still my friend) to tell me exactly what the problem was and he was so frustrated that he told me just about everything and suggested that I burn the software along with myself for giving it to him. OUCH!!!I don't know for sure, but I can only suggest that if Nuance would take this product back to the drawing board and make it as well as the Windows version, then I'd bet that would have a winner, rather than the loser that they currently have with this product.Shawn KovacichAuthor and Creator of numerous books and DVD's.
Unfortunately, this program does not work anywhere as well as my Dragon Natural Speaking Windows/PC program.  Reading through the reviews here I can see that others have come to this same conclusion.  Very disappointing.
--NOTE: Make sure to read my latest update at the bottom of the review before purchasing--I've been using Turbo Tax for at least 10 years now.  I used TaxCut one year because it was a little cheaper.  I got audited that year (TaxCut didn't check an appropriate box, so I sent a letter to the IRS explaining that, and they dropped the audit, but it was still a major pain).  It is also important to note that if you have a complicated tax year, you may be better off doing the taxes yourself or paying someone to do it.  Two years ago, there was a bug where you couldn't take both the earned income credit and one of the college education credits- after speaking with customer service, and then getting put in contact with one of their engineers who barley spoke English, I realized that you really can't trust any kind of tax software for unusual or complex tax situations.  I sent them screenshots, and detailed explanations of how to recreate the bug, and they still claimed everything was fine (even though entering the exact same information into different tax preparation software resulted in a refund that was thousands of dollars more).  The next year, the bug was fixed, so I guess they finally found it.  I'm guessing some people didn't notice and lost a lot of money over that bug though.  Again, don't trust any software for anything that seems unusual or complex.If you had a basic year, then TurboTax is great.  The interface continues to get better every year- they were ahead of their competitors for a long while, their competitors have caught up some, but TurboTax still has the best interface. There are currently some annoying things where it says "click here to see more details" about a particular tax item, and it brings you to an error message on their website.  I'm hoping they will get this fixed as we get into the start of tax season for 2012.  Overall, this software is great, and makes it soooo easy to complete your taxes in a basic tax year.I do find their pricing strategy to be a little annoying though, they include a federal e-file, but expect you to pay an extra $20 for every state e-file.  If the product is called Federal+State, I would expect it to include e-files for both.  This is nothing more than a money grab by Intuit, and I never fall for it- I always just mail in my state return.  Takes a few weeks longer to get my money back, but for $20, its well worth the wait.  Their pricing on their website is even more shady, they charge $20 for the "deluxe" version (which you would assume to be the same as the deluxe version on Amazon), but then halfway through they drop the bomb that its going to be another $60 for state+efile.  Long story short, the pricing is never what it seems on Intuit products.  If you have a simple tax year, its still cheaper than hiring a tax guy though.In the end, this is great software for most people.  Just don't use it in complex situations, and make sure you understand the actual cost of the product before you buy anything (their website may seem cheaper than Amazon, but that does not include state or efiling).  This is Intuit's money making season, and they clearly will do whatever they can to grab some extra cash.--Update 2/1/13--Since tax season is now upon us, just wanted to post a quick update to mention that the annoyances/broken links I mentioned above have been fixed.  Everything that says "click here for more information on this topic" now actually brings you to information about that topic.  As with every year, their explanations of topics are very easy to understand, making it easy to determine what you can/can't count for a specific subject.As for the rest of my review, there has been a decent conversation going on in the comments, but everything I say still stands.  It doesn't cost Intuit anything (except a little bandwith) to e-file you're state return, so the fact that they try to charge you $20 on top of the product you already purchased is definitely ridiculous.  I do want to reinfornce that, aside from my pricing complaints, I do believe that TurboTax is the best available tax software, and as long as you are willing to mail your state return (rather than e-file), then I believe Amazon is likely the best deal you'll find for it.--Update 2/19/13--A user in the comments just pointed out that if you need to do taxes for a second state, Turbo Tax charges you an additional $40 to install a second state.  That is more than the product originally costs, and almost makes me want to lower my review down to two stars.  I can understand charging a little something extra for a second state, but $40 is a total rip off.  That means if you had two states and wanted to e-file them both, you'd be looking at paying $80 in extra fees on top of what you paid on Amazon. Intuit needs to realize that they are going to drive away customers if they continue to nickle and dime them every single year!--Update 3/17/13--My original review about TurboTax being reliable for 'basic' tax returns may no longer be true.  Since I filed my returns, I've received TWO letters from them regarding two different mistakes they made on my return, and extra steps that I needed to follow to correct their mistakes.  One was in regards to my Minnesota state return, no matter which political party you elected to contribute to, when you submitted your tax return, it was always giving the money to a specific political party.  My guess is that this was added by a rogue programmer, but it is still incredible that they have so little QA testing that this could slip through.  In my opinion, someone should be in jail for that scam.  The other letter was in regards to an incorrect calculation if you met like 3 specific criteria.  Again, its pretty crazy that these things don't get discovered until mid-March when many many people have already submitted their returns.  I no longer have much faith in TurboTax for even a basic tax return, and am considering just doing taxes myself manually next year.  Even I can add correctly, which is apparently too hard for TurboTax.  Lowering my review from three to two stars.
I had Norton Family Parental Control (free version) on all my computers, and when I installed 360, neither Parental Control or this program seem to work correctly. Now, I'm constantly getting messages that I'm not registered and can't log on to the system. I think I will go back to the free Norton Family Parental Control.
So we recently got my son his own computer and since I already had 3 on my 3 license Kaspersky, I got Norton to put onto his computer. I was a little leary because I had had bad experiences with Norton in the past. ....but anything is better than nothing, right? Wrong. Norton installed fine but his computer crashed a lot. I called my brother, my go-to computer guy, and he suggested uninstalling Norton to see if it kept happening (I hadn't installed anything else). I uninstalled it and guess what, he was right, no more crashes. I never these kinds of issues with Kaspersky (or Norton....it's just that Norton let me down big time, and I almost lost my computer, so I switched). Maybe it's trying to do too much. I thought it would be nice to have such a nice blanket, but for me, it did not turn out well...again. I did like the interface, and my brother is coming to visit next month, so maybe I will have him take a look at it and see if he can do anything. If he does I will repost and let you know. I don't have high hopes!
Installation of Norton Utilities 16.0 was a smooth experience. Took no more than 3 minutes. All the prompts and the interface are easy to follow. The problem for me started when i tried to reboot my PC after installation. Reboot took about 4 minutes longer than i was used to. I thought this software was supposed to help speed up my booting time. It turned out the opposite was the case.2ndly, it really does not offer any service you cannot do manually through Windows if you are willing to take the steps one after the other. The registry issues it claimed to fix had no impact on my computer speed or performance. I will have to uninstall and hope my boot up speed will be back to normal.
I installed Norton Utilities on my computer after using CCleaner for a few years. I can honestly say that Norton does a much more detailed job of cleaning things on my computer then CCleaner didn't get. However, there are things that I lost that I can't get back, including some of my passwords on websites that I forgot. I don't think I could recommend Norton Utilities, because I feel that there can be some improvements.
I enthusiastically used Norton Utilities In DOS and earlier versions of Windows and it saved me from deletions, disk errors,etc.; it also gave a detailed picture of proposed fixes and provided granularity for more or less expert control.  Unfortunately, the current wizard-based GUI version which attempts only partially successfully to provide compatibility for a variety of Operating Systems is also unsuccessful in providing a similar level of control over computer operations. Finally I was distressed to note that complete removal of this program is not possible from the control panel but one must download a Norton Removal Utility.Oh for the early days of Peter Norton's product.
I ave been using Symantic products for years, so I figured a utility package to run on my new Windows 8 PC was a good idea.It installed easily enough.When I gave it permission to perform a scan, it began it's scan for problems and 90 minutes later finished with essentially nothing to report.Today I was browsing using Google Chrome. I was performing some work on the Amazon.com web site, when suddenly the browser closed, replaced by the Norton Utilities home screen. It did not report any problems, so I don't know why it had to terminate my browser while accessing a highly respected web site.It this happens again, Norton Utilities will be uninstalled permanently.
I'm not a big fan of this product. I am using windows 7, and after installation I started to have a lot of problems with windows. I ran the utilities, but worried about this program destorying valuable info. I did uninstall the utility and probably won't use it again.
I used Norton Utilities regularly until about 5 years ago.  I got this and installed it.  Not sure what it did exactly, except it slowed my system horribly, and disrupted my browser (IE8).  I couldn't tolerate it anymore, so I uninstalled it.
I installed this without bad events, but can easily see how running the software could produce unintended consequences in connection with your other applications. You can dig to find settings for more customizable needs, but that big button labeled 1 click optimization is an attractive temptation when you first install the program. There could also be much improvement as to in progress documentation as to what consequences you are about to endure.Now, what about the benefit? I got a whopping 2% improvement to my registry after "cleaning and compression,"  and some similar small measure of defragmentation to the system hard drive. The various optimizations moved the "optimization" meter nearly to the green range. What did this do for me? Nothing that I could tell one way or the other, but according to the Norton software itself this resulted in an INCREASE in startup time from 29 secords to 49 seconds!There are also some convenience features in the utilities. I say convenience features because there are methods of tweaking windows settings that can be done by other means. I think the software should get credit for making them more convenient as this is a legitimate feature set of a utility even if it is not the only way. I found these tweeking tools useful, but again, they are poorly documented. There wasn't even enough space in the menu for all of the short descriptions, such as they were.I happened to have used the original norton utilities for DOS. They were amazingly useful and ahead of their time. Norton was deservedly well praised for his early computer insights.  So, I was eagerly looking forward to trying out this contemporary edition, but I was disappointed with the number of tools, the documentation, and the performance increase which resulted. I cannot recommend this software in 2013.
I find this product to be feature packed, to do a good job of compressing files and interacting with social media, but to be unacceptable because their update engine apparently is based on malware.Pro:+ Tight integration with IE. One can access many zip functions from the context (right mouse) dialog. I tested it with IE 9.0.+ Connects to Skydrive, Google dirve, and Dropbox.+ Direct share to email of files stored on the supported cloud drives. The program opens the default email client with a link to the files already placed in the body of the email.+ Share files from an archive directly to Facebook, twitter, or LinkedIn.+ Supports encrypting files and creating self-extracting zip files.+ Ribbon interface or traditional interface.+ Inserts watermark on PDF or Images. This only worked when importing files to Winzip; I was unable to insert watermarks for files already in the archive.+ The program features a "ZipSend" service, which sends files too large for emails, but the limit is 50MB for free service. A paid "Pro" service (9 monthly) will send files up to 2 Gb. It works by storing a copy of the file and allowing the user to download it from the received email. The free version expires files in 7 days and 100 downloads per file.+ The program can be set to automatically resize photos when dragged into archive. This worked well.Con:- At first, I was unable to install, and told to contact technical support. After some investigating, it turns out it uninstalled Winzip 15.5, but failed to remove the registration file used to determine licensing. I removed that file and was able to reinstall. However, the install program should have been smart enough to realize that the registration file had to be either renamed or deleted. Most casual users would not have been able to recover from this easily.- Winzip 15.5 had a handy Windows 7 desktop gadget that allowed one to drag a file to it and add it to a new zip. This useful gadget is not included as a part of version 17, and was removed as part of installation.- The program is supposed to have the ability to convert certain types of files (like Word documents) to PDF. This feature did not work at all.- Several features are only available if one plunks down 20 additional dollars for the "Pro" version. This includes: upload to FTP, Camera Wizard, and all backup features (backup document library, email contents, etc. to a zip file). For the money this program costs, everything should be included.- The program includes a system scanner for registry errors, registry fragments, and junk files. This is intended to speed up the file system so that Winzip works better. I prefer to use stand alone utilities, so I did not execute the function (I only checked for problems rather than fixing them). I would not recommend using this function; these are dangerous capabilities.- The most serious flaw of all: the update program was flagged as a variant of the malware "Win32/OpenInstall" by my Nod32 antivirus. While WinZip may say it is safe, I trust the Antivirus more. Therefore, no program updates will be available to me. Perhaps some of the negative things I've noted have already been fixed, or will be fixed - but I will never know it because I can't update the program safely.Summary:While the program does a good job at zip functionality, the lack of ability to update the program, and the need to pay additional money for "pro" features, leaves me wanting to use a different package. Not recommended.
This was frustrating to use because the registration code that came with it would not activate the product. Since there was no customer support number I had to e-mail Corel three times over the two week period before I was given the proper code to activate the product to use what I think is the full edition. As someone who is new to this product it has left a bad taste in my mouth.As a first time user of this product I find the "knowledge base, hints and tips and frequently asked question" section to be lacking. Once again there is the option to e-mail Winzip but that can take days to answer a question.Corel really needs to have some sort of live support options so a customer can call or chat online with someone even if it is only  for a couple of months after purchase to help with installation and getting started.I apologize for not knowing enough about this product to be able to review it in relation to other editions. As someone who is new to this product and would like to use all its' features  I am frustrated.My experience with this started badly when it took three e-mails, over a two week period, to get the right information on how to activate this product. While the responses to my e-mails were reasonably prompt I just don't have the time to waste trying register a product over and over.  I also don't have time to waste looking at "frequently asked questions" sections when I have questions about using this product. Asking more questions through e-mail is also a waste of time.If you know how to use this product then you may be in okay shape. If you don't this can be difficult to figure out. If you have questions there are no support options availble over the phone or through chat. For me I will look at other options and only use this if I have too.
If you have to pay the full retail price, Office 2013 does not offer enough improvements to take on the hassle of moving to the new version (which I deliberately did not call "upgrading"). If you are already using the Office 2010 suite, deliberate carefully about both the cash outlay and the tweaking it will take to get you back to the customizations you like.I installed Office 2013 Professional on an ASUS laptop computer with a recently re-installed Windows 7 (Home Premium) OS, a 1.3 GHZ processor and 4 GB RAM (64-bit environment).At installation, I was promoted to first remove my existing Office 2010 suite. After doing so, installation of Office 2013 took approximately 10 minutes. Although cosmetic changes appear in the user interface (mostly in a "flattening" of controls on the toolbars), the overall presentation will be familiar to users of Office 2010.Hint: if you have many commands placed in your Office 2010 applications Quick Access Toolbars, export them before you uninstall. You can later import them into the 2013 programs. Why this couldn't be scripted into the 2013 install process (along with removal of the earlier version) is another question.Microsoft claims an array of new features in Office 2013. The biggest one that is readily apparent is that Microsoft would love for you to join them on the cloud via its online SkyDrive and Office 365 subscription services. Oh please. I already bought the productivity suite, and could have done without the additional marketing. Plus: every single time you look at the Office Ribbon, the big "Sign In" button will be visible on the right side. Bad idea, Office team: please don't add clutter to an already complicated user interface.Newly installed programs installed in a recently refreshed operating system should work flawlessly. The user experience while working with various Office suite data files (primarily Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Access for me) is basically the same as with 2013. Immediately after installation, every time I closed an application, Office offered a "...(application name) has stopped working" and the usual MS prompt to check for solutions or close the program. Of course it stopped: I just closed it. Online searches, including at Microsoft, have presented nearly a dozen options, most specifically focused on add-ins. I accepted the "search online for solutions" option during a Word shutdown. Apparently Office found one, and the remedy took place across all applications. However, this error was *NOT* part of the user experience in the Office 2010 suite that I uninstalled 10 minutes before the switch to 2013...and users shouldn't expect the latest version to contain more annoyances (which is what this is) than its predecessor. Very unsatisfactory.Office 2013 claims increased ease of handling graphics and editing .pdf documents. I've experimented with both, and in my opinion, the jury is still out.I am extremely lucky in being able to obtain this product under an academic license via my employer for fraction of what "civilian" users must play. For the deep discount I enjoyed, this behavior is an annoyance. If I had paid full price for this, "annoyed" would be far too mild a way to describe my reaction.This is a version suited only for users who insist on having the latest version of anything. If you want to continue to use your productivity applications in way you are accustomed to, I'd stick with 2010.If I were running a Windows 8 computer with a touch screen, I'd start to consider this worth advancing from Office 2010. Check with your employer, professional organizations, non-profit or educational institution you may be affiliated with; they may have volume licensing arrangements with Microsoft that can make this much more affordable.And, as always, you may be able to get the vast majority of your Office-like functions completed (including creating and editing Office file types) using the open-source --and *free*-- LibreOffice.
Bottom line: There is no compelling reason to upgrade to Office 2013. While there are a few nice changes to some of the applications (especially Excel) the install process will make you want to cry and/or throw things.Full review: I use Excel and PowerPoint extensively, and am a reluctant Word user (I use WordPerfect most of the time, but for compatibility reasons I'm forced to use Word on occasion). After wresting with 2013 Professional I can't recommend it: the problems and difficulty getting it to work outweigh the benefits.[Note: This particular product is for one computer, but it can be transferred to another PC in case you upgrade or replace the original PC. The early reviews about non-transferability are no longer correct since Microsoft changed their licensing rules.]The main problem was with installation. The best words to describe the process would not be allowed in a public review, so I'll just call it a major pain. Feel free to substitute whichever expletives you're fond of.Now, in theory, the install process _sounds_ pretty good. You go to the Office website (URL provided with the card key), type in your code, download and go. You'll need a Microsoft account. If you don't have one, it's easy to set one up. You don't need to be concerned about losing or damaging your product disk since it's all in the cloud.The first few steps are easy. The download and go process should be described as download, try, fail to install, try again, get another error message, try again, and so forth. It crashed my system a couple of times (Win 7 32 bit) as well. I was able to get it working but I can't give any tips or tricks on how to do it since the same actions produced different results (and errors) each time.I first worked with Word, Excel and PowerPoint since I'm the most familiar with those. Other than a cleaner, better screen layout I saw no significant functionality changes in Word or PowerPoint from 2010. Excel, however, has some welcome new features for pivot tables (makes them easier to set up) and an auto-fill feature that I can see providing me with some significant benefits. But nothing jumped out and grabbed me as a "gotta have" new feature that left 2010 Office in the dust.I was very interested in using the Access apps development process that is a new feature in 2013, but found that creating standalone apps for distributed data collection is not possible - everything needs to work within the Microsoft environment. Probably not a problem for a large organization, but a huge barrier for me.Didn't work with Outlook at all since I'm a Thunderbird user and do not see any reason to switch.I can't recommend this unless you're doing a first-time install on a pristine (ideally Win 8) machine. If you're running an older version of Office, stick with it.
If you have a touch screen computer then I would consider adding a star and making this a 3 star product, otherwise, Office Pro 2013 is only a 2 star product in my book.First - the graphical interface, what we users see, is awful.  Someone decided to return to the stone ages in terms of screen contrast. Those with vision issues will likely find this software horrible to use due to the lack of visual contrast.Second - the pricing scheme is awful.  Check with your employer to see if their mass quantity licensing offers a deal for a 'home use' edition,through the Microsoft Home Use Program (MicrosoftHUP - google it!)  In those cases you can usually find the legal and legitimate sourcing of this software at $9.95 - for up to three systems at home (if the rules haven't changed in the past couple years.) The Home Use Program is often available to employees of the federal government and larger corporations.  (Microsoft - what about the rest of us? We're the ones who NEED special programs for home use!)Third - if you've already spent good money on this software (or got it cheap through the home use program), why should we have to pay extra for cloud access? Why are we forced to stare at a marketing logo within the valuable ribbon real estate? Again poor choice for us power users.Fourth - why should I need to buy the software then rent it again in the cloud as Office 365? Microsoft - take notice - Many IT people are refusing to use cloud based programs. Many of us will remain with older, outdated programs than migrate to cloud based apps.Fifth - There are ample open source Office type programs (such as open office or libreoffice or free office, etc.. there are quite a few legitimate options - again, google it!) as well as 2010 and 2007 still be available and very appropriate desktop solutions. For most home office use it seems wisest to use the free versions such as open office then upgrade to Microsoft when you *need* the extra features included in MS Office suite.Sixth - what does 2013 really bring to the table that was not available in 2010 (or 2007 for that matter?)  Other than much improved touch screen support, nothing substantial was brought to the screen. Or the desktop. Except the cloud - which many of us do NOT want or cannot use due to our employer policies.All in all until I truly need the improved touch screen capability I would avoid MS Office 2013 and stick with the tried and true Office 2010 (or 2007 even!), at least until another version or two have been released. If I didn't have access to those programs then I would opt for the freeware / shareware versions instead of spending a small fortune on 2013.  But if you must go with Office 2013 for whatever reason, then the install is pretty straight forward.  Go to office's website /setup, login to the MS account (or create one if you have not before) enter in the product key (found inside this box when purchased).  The install process is quite lengthy, but you can do other things (like update this review) while the humongous software package downloads and completes the install.  Plan on a solid hour that the computer will need to be powered on and attached to the Internet (a factor for us laptop users to keep in mind!)
You go to the office website setup.  Enter the product key (included on a piece of cardboard designed in the shape of a credit card).  Sign in & create a account.  Download Office to your PC.  Once download finished it was easy to install & runs good. It even separates your email accounts into separate folders.The PC license is for one computer only. You can no longer run it with a backup copy on your laptop for example. Originally you couldn't use it again if you had to reformat your drive.  Thankfully there was enough customer backlash that Microsoft got their heads out of their backsides on this issue so now you can reuse it.  However if you attempt to reuse it too often you have to call Microsoft & ask for their permission.Really it is pretty much a waste as others have mentioned.  The 2010 version is great & if you have it, keep it.  If you have the option between this version & the older, I say go with the older.  I bumped it up a star because the install was easy enough & it runs good.  But from what I understand you don't get all the bells & whistles if you are running Windows 7 even though it clearly states it can run (& it does) on Windows 7.  So maybe if you have Windows 8 it is worth it?  Not having Windows 8, I cannot say.Bottom line, it's okay.  It's way too expensive.  There is not a whole heck of a lot different about it vs. 2010.  Seems like another greedy money grab by Microsoft.
I've been using office suites since the 80s when they were DOS oriented and required an advanced tech diploma to operate (those old enough may remember when "word processors" were highly paid techs that operated the office suite software).  In that time I've watched Office go from a second rate compilation (Corel's Wordperfect was a bigger seller at one time) to the monster it is today (figuratively and literally).Enter Microsoft's Office Professional 2013.  It contains all the basics (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook...) plus Access, Publisher and a couple business oriented app additions, but is it worth the triple digit asking price or has it attempted to bite off a little bit more than it can chew by adding new things?First, this is a Windows 7 or 8 proposition although the colored tile design is definitely geared to the 8 crowd.  Those using XP or Vista are out of the equation.  XP I can understand leaving out, but Vista?  It wasn't that many years ago Microsoft (MS hereafter) was touting it as the OS of the future and, let's be realistic, 7 is Vista minus the desktop gadgets.Second, this is the download version.  Take my word and get the DVD if you can -- you'll save your sanity and maybe keep the kids from hearing certain words they shouldn't for a few more years.Why?  While MS claims the download process takes just a short while it actually takes much longer.  About a day or two longer in my case.Seems that my 3 computers with different operating systems (ChromeOS, Windows 8 and OS X) couldn't get a good connection to the MS servers even while using different browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari and Internet Explorer) and various internet providers.  Guess I caught a bad day or two, but it honestly took me nearly 2 days to finally get a solid download.If you do catch a good download connection you'll get approximately 800MB (smaller than some suites) image (.img) file instead of the usual executable (.exe).What's the difference?  Image files have to be mounted before installation and I doubt many reading this know the procedure (actually you just double or right click, either will do it).  Plan on digging through MS instructions to figure that one out.Okay, I can also get by the image file snafu, but having my edition of Windows 8 (hint to MS -- check this out) tell me the file it just downloaded doesn't exist is a little goofy. Fortunately, I knew better and found the "non-existent" package in file manager.Minor but increasing irritating bugs aside, I felt the worst of it was over and all should be easy sailing from here on.  Oops, foiled again!  Seems Office 2013 doesn't like some previous incarnations and demanded I remove Office 2007.  Gee, could it be because Office 2013 really is 2007 with some eye candy thrown in?Making that uninstall demand all the more curious was the fact it ignored Corel Wordperfect, LibreOffice, OpenOffice and even Office 2003.40 minutes later (20 for an excruciating uninstall of 2007 plus 20 for the new install) I finally had Office 2013 Professional on my computer.  Hallelujah, I can hear the trumpets of success blowing!Then came the shrill note -- the MS servers wouldn't allow me to sign in using my MS account.  Wait a minute, didn't I already give you that info to start the download?  Seems you must sign-in to your SkyDrive account in order to have files you create using Office saved there (you get 7GB online for files) but the MS servers weren't working - again.  Over another two day period I attempted to log-in but was refused every time.  Other aspects of my internet connection worked and I should know -- I spent most of my time looking for online answers.And what, you may ask, is SkyDrive?  It's essentially online storage for your files, sort of like Dropbox, Spideroak, Evernote, etc.Without SkyDrive what happens with your files?  They are merely kept in a hard drive folder for eventual SkyDrive parking when the servers get back to functional.  Fortunately, it's seamless, if and when SkyDrive ever does kick back in.  Of note, it does the same thing if the problem is on your end, too, or if you happen to be in an area devoid of internet signals.But not having SkyDrive wasn't the only goofy thing.  The really bizarre aspect of this all was that nearly everything else internet related on my computer still worked.  I could access all my other online repositories and had no problems with most other online activities, but SkyDrive wasn't up for cooperating.In fact, it never did work properly and would often flutter in and out like a drunken butterfly.  Not only that, it appears to have somehow jammed my Outlook app in Windows 8.  Sending or receiving email via the app is a hassle but I can go through any browser and have my mail within seconds.  Possible conflict here?Adding to the insult of having a $200+ program not working right, it keep popping up messages every once in a while to remind me to sign in to my SkyDrive account and would feebly attempt to do such before quitting and remarking it couldn't find the servers.Surely there has to be something good in this review, right?Of course.  The individual programs are top-notch and considered among the industry standard for excellence with an interface most are probably used to by now.  Got no beef there and I doubt too many others would argue the point; however, little good that does me if speedbumps keep getting in the way.In fact, if you've seen Office 2007 you've seen this with the major differences being mainly cosmetic (you get a theme more in line with Windows 8) and the SkyDrive integration.  Minus these two factors and you'd really be hard pressed to find much else (although nitpickers undoubtedly will find more).So, let's review the good points first:* The interface is familiar to anybody using Office 2007 or above.* SkyDrive keeps your files on tap for later access from nearly any computer.  Of note, nearly any earlier Office version can do the same thing using SkyDrive or a competitor merely by going to "Save As" in menu options, but it is nice to have the sync-link system.* One of the more aesthetically pleasing office suites although some tell me it looks busy; however, once you get the basics down it becomes second nature.* Unlike previous versions that often hogged precious resources, this version isn't as bad; however, my computer changed from Windows 7 running 4GB RAM to Windows 8 running 6GB RAM so I may be off the mark a little bit.* The earlier issue with one copy/one pc/tough luck elsewise has been remedied.  I believe MS will allow you to move this suite to another pc as long as it's uninstalled from the original (but make sure you read the license agreement first).Now for the not so great points:* MS has intermittent server issues and this isn't the first time I've encountered problems; however, past instances have usually been limited to peak times (such as a new OS release).  It becomes frustrating when you can't access what you need, especially if you just dropped $300.  If you want a backup DVD send to you, that'll be a few more bucks via the website.  As I stated before, save yourself the grief and just buy the DVD version.* Using image instead of executable files may confuse some, especially those that grew up knowing .exe belongs to Windows and .dmg belongs to Apples.  You might be shocked to discover how many out there know that and not much else.* Could there be some compatibility issues with Windows 8 apps.  I have a hunch the Outlook function in Office 2013 doesn't meld completely with the 8 Outlook app.* The MS version on their website is not the same as here so don't confuse the two.  If you search the site for Professional thinking you can score a full version to test, think again. The website version is labeled as "Pro Plus" and adds a couple features.  The serial you get via Amazon won't work on that.  Keep that in mind before downloading the website version.So, why did I give it 2 stars if I had so many problems?When it works it's a great suite of programs and is the industry standard that few can equal or come close to.  Unfortunately, my experience just wasn't good.  In fact, it was downright dismal.So much so, I eventually uninstalled the whole mess and went back to Wordperfect X6.  It may be the orphan of the office suites but at least it's reliable and not so horribly picky about what will work.As a final note, if you have Office 2007 or earlier and it still works, do yourself a favor and keep it.  Save your money and sanity.
Here the three things really bad about this version of Office 2013, so bad that you wouldn't want to buy this product.1. The licensing policy stinks! You are allowed to install it only on one computer for the life of that computer. For your notebook, you need a separate copy. And if you upgrade the computer, you lose this license. Terrible.2. Installation process is a pain. You just get the key, no CD. Then you have to download and install the program. It took me several attempts to install the program because the process just hangs.3. The cost. For 1 PC, it is too much.Here are the three good things about this product.1. You can save documents, particularly Access database files and publisher files on cloud, Skydrive.2. Faster and snappier, compared to Office 2010, especially on a Windows 8 computer.3. Interface is cleaner, looks nicer compared to previous versions.Other problems:1. Touch and pen are just gimmicks, no practical use.2. Like all other previous versions, your customized features like autotext, ribbons buttons, macros etc do not transfer with upgrade.The only user who needs this product is the one who uses Publisher and Access database in the cloud and can afford the hefty price. If you do not need the cloud, stick with previous version; and if you work in cloud and do not work with Access or Publisher, get Office 365 Premium or Office 2013 Home & student version.
Nothing new with what Office does or how it works.  Unless you're in grade school, it's unlikely you've never come across this package.  It's been kept up to date, sure, but that's expected with anything.  Now, however, you'll have to pay an annual "subscription" for the privilege of having the software be able to install at all.  What happens after the subscription lapses ?  If you don't pay for an extra subscription then it no longer becomes functional.  How nice.  To add insult to injury, there isn't a CD included in this package - MS has decided that the overhead of 10 cents to provide a CD for easier installation is going to their pockets instead.You can get around this by having many alternative packages available today that does exactly what office does.  Just go into google and do a few searches.
I purchased office 2010 professional a few weeks ago brand new retail box for $350. That includes two installs. I'm don't upgrade every time a new office comes out, so I can see myself using that for 5+ years. Even then I'll buy a new version and regulate the 2010 version to other computers. So it's hard for me to pay $100 per year for office Home premium even if it includes all the programs and 5 installs.It's even harder for me to swallow that they cheapened the non-subscription version and raised the price to make it seem like even worse a deal. With there being ever improving free versions like Libre or Open Office and Google apps nipping at your buds, Microsoft decides to get even greedier? For as long as I can remember, you've gotten two installs if you bought the full office (one computer, and one laptop for the same user). Now with the 2013 non-subscription you get one install.So for 2013 you can buy a gimped full version or start shelling out for a subscription. I do hear comparisons saying that if you do use all 5 installs that it can be a good deal. I don't know about you, but I know very few homes that have 5 computers? The kids want ipads, not a PC! Not only that, but who says the subscription will be $100 a year forever? Microsoft will start raising the cost after a few years and then take away installs and we'll be in a worse place than we are now.Not only that, but many of the changes to 2013 are poor choice cosmetic changes. The sparse monochromatic 2013 is harder to use than 2010. I have to look a lot closer at all of the faded buttons to find what I want. The layout of buttons is the same, but the graphical style isn't easy on the eyes. Google "office 2010 vs 2013" and look at the images section. I know I would pick 2010 after looking at the two side by side.There are a few good features such as more integrated skydrive and some collaboration. Those are good things, but there are other options out there like Drop Box which works very well.I like Microsoft office, I like windows (well 7 not 8). And I think Office 2013 is a good product, but it's the first time that I've preferred the previous version over the newer one. I even got all behind the ribbon toolbar in 2007, but I don't find 2013 a good value or even better than 2010.
The good:- fresh, clean look- new "read" mode hides un-needed editing tools, giving it closer to Acrobat like functionality. Especially useful when reading or on a tablet.- One click sharing of content on skydrive (Microsoft's hosted service)The bad:- Extremely slow download, install, and streaming (running) compared to cloud services from Amazon and AutoDesk. You would think (quantitatively) that opening a D size autocad drawing from the cloud with AutoDesk360 would take longer than a blank (empty) doc on Office365. But -- you would be wrong. This was true across multiple computers tested at different times of day, etc. It's just (like office has always been) extremely slow and inefficient.- Setup asks if I want a background and I say "NO". Then it puts a background in the (virtual) desktop- Asks for login to install license (1), done. Asks for login to comitt to purchase (2nd done), Asks for login after install to run in browswer (3rd done). Asks for login to connect to skydrive (4th done). Asks for login to save (5th done). YOU WOULD THINK IT COULD KEEP ME LOGGED IN SINCE I'M ON THE SAME COMPUTER THE WHOLE TIME. Very poorly executed. Clearly different folks on the Office365 team were NOT working together as a 'team' to streamline this for customers.Overall impression is that it's just as easy to run desktop office and save to cloud drives (like Amazon Cloud Drive, et. al.) and get most of the functionality.That said, Office 365 does have cleaner and easier to use editing, revision control, and other functions across the entire suite. Note that I used Word, Excel, and Powerpoint, but did not test Access or Publisher in this Home Premium edition.
I've used Microsoft Office software for MANY years, and MS Office Home and Business 2013 at my workplace for 4 months; this is VERY similar in looks and function.Subscriptions pose a problem. 95% of the time I use only Word, and Word doesn't change much with each version released, so an older copy of Word is better for me than a subscription that can quickly add up renewing year-after-year. All software may eventually change to subscriptions, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.Rant over, back to the software. If you're familiar with the ribbons, you will feel right at home. This was made for Windows 8. And Windows 7, too...and it's great that you can install this on 5 Devices/1 User, but if your other devices happen to be older PC's, you are out of luck.Works as it should on my Windows 8 PC (as long as the internet is up).  Which reminds me----I'm not sure how much of this software is stored in the Cloud, and what is on your PC....but to use it, you have to be signed into your Microsoft account, and if your ISP has frequent outages, you may not be able to use this software whenever you'd like. My internet was down for an hour recently, and I couldn't use Word because of it since it requires you to sign into your MS account.The excitement I felt when I received this in the mail is gone. Bring back the older version; otherwise this subscription "stuff" doesn't deserve any more than 2 stars. Die-hard Office users should protest.  I'd rather use Apache OpenOffice (free) and save $100+ a year.
I don't like it.  I am still sold that Office 2007 was the best upgrade ever and everything since is just window dressing (wow - a pun!).  I do not like the "cloud" aspect of this product. I want the unit installed on my PC and I can swap around files on my own.  This version requires you to establish an online profile and much of the product and files reside out there somewhere.  Give me a break... just load the SW on my PC and leave me alone.Microsoft lost me on this one, much like they did with Windows 8.NEXT!
I've been using Microsoft Word for many years. As a writer, it seemed like a good idea to update to 2013 from 2010, especially since I've had issues wit 2013.I don't mind the idea of getting a product key and downloading the Office program. I'd love to reduce clutter and not have to keep disks on hand. However, the installation process proved difficult. Once it was finally downloaded, that's when the real trouble started.Honestly, Microsoft, could you please, for just once, come out with a product where I don't have to spend hours researching error messages on the Internet in order to get my software to run?Once the program was loaded, it crashed over and over again, whether I was trying to open Word on my PC or in the cloud. I finally realized the problem was with some add-ins that I didn't even know I had.Yeah, it's working now, but I'm just waiting for the next issue to come up that will require me to spend an additional number of hours researching it.I was very tempted to uninstall 2013 and go back to 2010. It's not great, but at least it's a known evil.
Here the three things really bad about this version of Office 2013, so bad that you wouldn't want to buy this product.1. The licensing policy stinks! You are allowed to install it only on one computer for the life of that computer. For your notebook, you need a separate copy. And if you upgrade the computer, you lose this license. Terrible.2. Installation process is a pain. You just get the key, no CD. Then you have to download and install the program. It took me several attempts to install the program because the process just hangs.3. The cost. For 1 PC, it is too much.Here are the three good things about this product.1. You can save documents on cloud, Skydrive.2. Faster and snappier, compared to Office 2010, especially on a Windows 8 computer.3. Interface is cleaner, looks nicer compared to previous versions.Other problems:1. Touch and pen are just gimmicks, no practical use.2. Like all other previous versions, your customized features like autotext, ribbons buttons, macros etc do not transfer with upgrade.If you do not use Windows 8 and can still grab Microsoft Home & Student 2010, which allows installation on 3 computers, grab that. It is still available on some online stores. But if you have to use Microsoft Office on more that 1 computer, and you have Windows 8, you may come out ahead with subscription version - Office 365. But I would look at the free office alternatives like LibreOffice, Apache Open Office, KOffice; NeoOffice for Mac; and Google Docs.
Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013 has improvements over Microsoft Office Home & Student 2010, as well as some new features that I'd rather be without. Overall I don't think Microsoft Office 2013 is a significantly better product, if it is a better product. Therefore I don't see a lot of reason to upgrade and I certainly don't see a lot of reason to pay three times as much for the new version. That is why I bought Microsoft Office 2010 after receiving and trying out Microsoft Office 2013. I am stocking up on Microsoft Office 2010 and the Word Perfect Suites. There are plenty of free on-line office products as well.Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013 includes the four new core Microsoft Office products Microsoft Word 2013, Microsoft OneNote 2013, Microsoft Excel 2013, and Microsoft Power Point 2013, as well as 7GB of SkyDrive memory. It is also important to note that you only get a product key in an envelope. You don't get an installation CD.Installation "Something Went Wrong"Since you don't get an installation CD for Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013, it is a chore to install it unless you have a very fast connection. I only have a 3MB/s U-Verse connection so downloading the installation file while the kids were using internet at the same time took more than hour. Well that was when it finally worked. The first time I tried the download it froze and sat for six hours without proceeding. The second time I tried it the download succeeded in an hour but then during the installation phase I got the extremely helpful and detailed message "Something Went Wrong". This happened the third and fourth time as well.After looking up the "Something Went Wrong" message on-line I attempted an on-line repair (following instructions) which failed despite the fact that it said that it should work. At this point I called Microsoft support which spent several hours fixing this error. I had issues when installing Microsoft Office 365 as well (outlook broke). I've installed previous versions of Microsoft Office dozens of times and I have never had issues. I did not get an explanation for why "Something Went Wrong". "Something Went Wrong" just happens a lot when installing Microsoft Office 2013 I guess. I should add that my computer was a brand new HP laptop with Windows 8. Microsoft Support was very helpful and courteous and I am happy about that. They've improved and that is the reason I am giving this product two instead of one star.SkyDriveThe SkyDrive is a new feature which some people may find useful. SkyDrive is on-line storage that works like an extra drive, like a thumb drive, and you access it via your Microsoft Live Account. You transfer file to and from the SkyDrive using windows explorer, you can also access it via internet explorer, and of course from Microsoft Office applications. The SkyDrive is a new and helpful feature but there are many other on-line storage alternatives included with various software, computers, there is drop box, etc, so it just not a big deal.New FeaturesThere are some other new features in Microsoft Office 2013 that some people may like. You can add/drop videos into Microsoft Word and other apps, you can edit PDF files directly (I like this), and there is a somewhat intelligent flash fill feature in Microsoft Excel. Microsoft Office 2013 also supports multi-touch, which is the big thing with Microsoft Office 2013. That is all good stuff for many people but for me these things do not matter a whole lot. I will not use Office with a touch screen and I will not put videos in Microsoft Word.One negative aspect of Microsoft Office 2013 is that it does not run on Windows Vista, or Windows XP, which still runs on 40% of all PC's.User InterfacesAll the Office 2013 apps have the ribbon tabs from Office 2010 and overall not that much has changed with respect to the look and feel. Well the ribbon goes into hiding while you work, it is larger, and the tab titles are in all caps. However, this does not necessarily seem like an improvement to me.There are some new user interface features I like. When you press and release the alt key in any of the applications you get popup labels indicating which keys you press to get a certain shortcut. For example, pressing alt-R will switch to the "Review" tab, and to find that out you just press and release the alt key. I also think it is nice that the spelling functionality, just like the search functionality, no longer resides in a popup window but in a side panel. On the other hand some things have become more annoying. The new start screen adds another step when opening Microsoft Word. The user interfaces also look flat and drab. Overall the new user interface is not that hot.ConclusionYeah there are a lot of new features in Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013 but they don't matter a whole lot to me. What matters a lot to me is that the installation was so problematic and time consuming and that the price is simply outrageous. I have a mixture of Windows 8, 7, Vista, and XP PC's and Microsoft Office Home & Student 2013 can only be installed on only Windows 8 & 7. This is not a product I feel I can recommend.
If you are still using Office 2007 or older then this is a upgrade to consider but there are a few issues with this version of office. The installer seems to run in silent mode so you may find yourself trying to run the installer more than once.  Also, when applications start up they are SUPER SLOW.  Probably because they are connecting to the web.  Bit it can be annoying.There are a lot of usability tweaks that make this much easier.  A lot of the bigger software company's including Microsoft are moving to a Monthly/Yearly subscription licensing model.  So this may be the last version of Office you can buy outright.  Other than being able to edit PDF files, there aren't a lot of compelling reasons to upgrade from Office 2010. If you are considering buying this for your kids to use for school I think it's a decent investment because they will probably use this software once they get to College and the workforce.===========2013 Issues ======================2013 IMPROVEMENTS================* Toolbar Style improvements to make the menus less distracting and consume fewer computer resources* Saves to SkyDrive by default do your files are saved online (see tip to change below)* Touch-screen and tablet PC friendly* WORD 2013 -> "Read Mode" lets you read Word documents like a e-Book Reader (how come they didn't think of this sooner?)* WORD 2013 -> Save and Edit PDF files. "PDF reflow" can open and edit PDF files.* WORD 2013 -> Easier table editing* WORD 2013 -> Easier bibliography management (e.g. APA, MLA, etc)* EXCEL 2013 -> View two Excel spreadsheets "side by side" by snapping them to either side of the screen* EXCEL 2013 -> "Recommended Charts" tool makes selecting graphics for your data more intuitive* EXCEL 2013 -> "Quick Analysis" tool makes formatting your data simple with an intelligent preview* POWERPOINT 2013 -> Navigation grid in Presenter View makes navigating slides easier* POWERPOINT 2013 -> 16:9 Templates since Widescreen is now the norm* POWERPOINT 2013 -> Eye Dropper tool for color matching* POWERPOINT 2013 -> Embed online content* ONE NOTE 2013 -> Embed Excel Spreadsheets=========================================================TIPS=======================TIPSSave to Documents by Default: Click on File and click on Options. Click on Save in the left-hand pane and then check the box that says "Save to Computer by default".Save Document to Dropbox or Google Drive: Click on File and click on "Add a Place". Choose your option and follow the wizard.Skip the "Start Screen" and just open a blank document instead: Click on File and click on Options. Remove the check next to "Show the Start screen when this application starts"==========================================
Although Microsoft has "fixed" the original outrageous licensing requirement, people seem unconcerned that the current version essentially triples the cost of Office to the user.Microsoft appears to have used a cynical bait-and-switch ploy by initially rolling-out Office 2013 with the draconian restriction of licensing it to one user on one PC, non-transferable to another PC.  After allowing users to howl in protest for a few weeks, they graciously bowed to their customers' wishes and modified the license to now allowing customers to move the software, which they have purchased and (in theory) own, from one PC to another, but only once every 90 days.  If you have a desktop, laptop and tablet you can't load it on all of them, as you could with previous versions of Office.  Frankly, I'm shocked that people are accepting this so meekly since it essentially triples the cost of Office, which users could previously load on up to three computers.Microsoft is also saving a few bucks on packaging since there are no disks - on any version of Office 2013.  If I pay for something, I want to be able to have physical access to it. If MS is not going to provide a disk, what is the point of selling you a box with a code card inside?  You might as well just go to their website and fork over your credit card and get the activation code at the same time you download the software.  If you don't have high speed access, forget about Office 2013. Downloading Office 2013 seems to take an eon, and the installation process was not particularly smooth.There is no denying the latest iteration of Microsoft's suite of office applications, Office 2013, does offer some minor enhancements pretty much across the board. The user will need to decide whether the enhancements are worth the tradeoffs.Overall, the changes from Office 2010 to Office 2013 will be most beneficial to users of Windows 8, especially tablet users. In general all the applications have a mouse / touch mode that improves the touch screen experience; scroll and zoom are certainly smoother.  The ability to enlarge and put more space between icons is a welcome change for anyone trying to swipe or tap with a finger.  However, while it is easier to hide the ribbon with Office 2013, you do need to bring it back when you need to edit a document.  Tablet users should note that between the ribbon and the keyboard, there is very little of your document that's available to view and edit.  As ever, tablets make it easy to consume content but a pain to create content.With Office 2013 you have the ability to save and share your documents Microsoft's cloud based storage, called Sky Drive. That makes it nice for collaboration, but it can also present security concerns.  (I can already visualize my employer's reaction to this.)  Also, while the cloud may be the wave of the future, it may be premature in a country where internet access is famously slow and overpriced compared to the rest of the world.Here is a rundown on some of the Office 2013 enhancements:WORD 2013 now has the ability to allow you to open, edit and save PDF files in an awkward and clunky way.  Inserting pictures has been made easier, as has formatting the document around the picture.  Word 2013 now allows you to insert video, too.  You can use inking to add notes to the margins or on the page, but it's difficult to get rid of the notes later.EXCEL 2013 has new dialogs that help guide you through formatting, charts, and formulas; some previously tricky functions like pivot tables are now easier to use; charts are enhanced, including pivot charts, and Power View animated charts; flash fill quickly fills data into columns.POWERPOINT 2013 has enhanced presenter functionality allowing smoother highlighting, zooming, and laser pointer in touch mode; an eye dropper color tool lets you change the colors of some elements of your presentation by picking up colors from another area of the slide; there is the ability to add music to your presentation; and the presentation can be saved as an MP4 or WMV video.OUTLOOK 2013 enhancements include the ability to reply to an email from the reading pane without opening the document first; a "peek" feature lets you have a quick look at calendar, tasks or contacts without changing the view.  It appears that Outlook 2013 does not work with Exchange 2003, so make a note if that presents an issue for you.ONENOTE 2013 now has a full page view, and a new "send to OneNote" dialog, which may make it more attractive to those who use it.I've been an Office user since 1989 and have always been content with MS, despite their bugs and glitches. However, the cynicism and contempt for users that has become apparent with the release of Office 2013 may make me rethink that.Meanwhile, it's really no hardship to forgo the enhancements to Office 2013 and stick with Office 2010.
Alright, folks... I'm going to break with tradition and, instead of a normal review, I'm first going to post part of the complaint I sent to Microsoft after spending some time with MS Office Home & Business 2013.Enjoy:- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -"I'm a writer. I also suffer from light sensitivity and presbyopia. When I'm working, I'm staring at my Word screen for many hours at a time. I typically write my books and articles with the background-- even the main work area-- set to a very dark charcoal grey. I also made my theme a nice dark grey.Now, when I say "dark grey" I don't mean the off-white "dark grey" that MS included in Office 2013. That isn't dark. It's not even close to dark. It still hurts my eyes to view the screen for an extended period of time, which is detrimental to my ability to make a living and remain sane.For two hundred dollars, I should have the option to change the theme to ANY DARN COLOR I WANT, Microsoft.Answer this: If I can't use a productivity suite because it causes headaches, eye-strain, and nausea, how productive do you think it will be?Yes, I get it, MS. It's my problem, because I'm the one with the defective, aging eyes. I get that your design team must not have anyone over the age of 42 in it (because you sure as heck didn't consider people with presbyopia in your design) or people with varying levels of light sensitivity or color-blindness. I get that you don't give a cr&#9824;p about us because you've had people complaining LOUDLY about this issue since late 2012, and you're still ignoring it and delivering your canned cut & paste responses."- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I think that pretty much sums up my feelings. I was initially excited to use MS Office Home & Business 2013, and now I'm just plain depressed with how a single bone-headed decision on the part of the design team, followed by a stubborn refusal to address the issue, can ruin an otherwise excellent application.My advice currently stands as it is stated above: If you are older or have any vision problems (especially those involving color, contrast, and light) then you should NOT get any version of Office 2013. If MS fixes the issue, I'll give Office 2013 a full five stars (because the underlying application is pretty darn good), but until then the user interface essentially breaks the application and cripples its usefulness and I'm forced to give the product two stars.Younger users might not be bothered by it, but I'd hope they stand by the principle of the matter: MS should not restrict users from having control over the user interface. It's ridiculous and smacks of arrogance at this point.Your mileage may vary. As for me, I'm going to keep using it and find ways to darken the screen artificially (PC glasses? Screen filter?) until MS gives me the ability to actually look at the product without having to find some way to protect my eyes.&#8594; UPDATE 05/2013:  I've had Office 2013 fail to open, requiring me to "repair" or totally re-install it a total of four times in a week after first installing it on Windows 8. It's pretty upsetting to double-click on my work, only to have Windows say it can't start Office. I wasted time and lost my train of thought while the accursed application repaired itself over and over. THAT IS NOT PRODUCTIVITY, MICROSOFT! I'm certain every one of these problems had to do with the online nature of this application.So right now it is uninstalled completely and I've gone back to a previous version of MS Office. I just can't waste time fixing Office every time I try to do my work!I'm not changing my original rating, because I can't really take away a half a star and I don't think I'm ready to call this a one-star product, but I highly encourage Microsoft to get their stuff together. This was a disappointing product, and for the price they're asking it should be a lot more seamless and user-friendly. This thing is bordering on being a disaster.
Let me say that I generally like Office 2013 and especially the added Excel features like flash fill, one window per workbook, improved functions, etc. The new layout took some getting used to, but now I think it's cleaner and more intuitive.That said - the key card version is terrible and I would never buy it by choice (I received this version from Amazon Vine). I have the fastest internet ATT Uverse offers and it took me HOURS to download. Download time aside, the key card only allows you to download the software on 1 PC - EVER. I switch PCs often so I'd have to buy new software every time. There are no exceptions.If this is Microsoft's plan to prevent pirating of the software or to prevent people from giving out the software to friends or family, I think it will backfire. I've been a loyal Microsoft user ever since my first computer and am now looking at other options. The idea of tying software to 1 computer is ridiculous.
I received a sample of this mobile device security software.  I have been using Lookout and Bitdefender on Android Jelly Bean.This Norton software just doesn't measure up, from the somewhat clunky install to some of the glitchiness of the features.  It doesn't run like mature software, as some other reviewers have noted.  Norton really needs to get its game together.I can't say that the feature set here is better implemented or more effective than Bitdefender or Lookout.  All things being equal, I'd recommend Bitdefender, which has a good feature set and interface.
I'm glad I didn't buy this product because I would have felt cheated. As it was, I was frustrated and irritable as I tried unsucessfully to load this on my husband's tablet. I finally chucked the whole thing and let my husband take over. More computer savvy, even my husband gave up on this one. My thoughts on this one is it isn't worth the trouble and clearly the kinks have not been worked out on this one.
I found Norton Mobile Security did not work like I had hoped. It was hard to install and get working and when I did get it to work it was more of a bother than a protection. I have opted not to use it.
Sadly, the negative reviews seem to be correct on this product. It is too clunky, too superfluous and too tacked-on and thrown together. I uninstalled the product as best I could not too long after installing it. If there was a benefit I didn't see it. Sadly, Norton just isn't what it used to be.
Norton Mobile Security 3.0 - 1 User (12 month subscription)does not live up to the advertised benefits that it promises.  Sadly, this has been in keeping with several new products that have been targeted towards mobile devices.  There are enterprise class products that do effectively provide some of these features.  But for the home user, I have not found a reliable alternative to recommend in lieu of this.The anti-malware component does seem to work ok.  For comparison's sake, I have been using an analogous product from Trend Micro and this one seems to work as quickly as that one.  I haven't gotten "under the hood" to see exactly what threats it is looking for.  But it does scan quickly and seems comparable to alternatives.The setup process is a little convoluted for such a simple product.  But once you jump through all the necessary hoops it installs reliably on Android devices.The remote security features seem to lag.  That makes it hard to have confidence that a remote wipe would work.  Sad to say I have had to wipe my phone before.  So I know what an important feature that is.  Remote locking did seem to work, but anybody who is knowledgeable and has your phone in hand will probably be able to get at critical data with enough time.Sadly, I am also not a fan of Norton's subscription model.  In this case, this product has not been installed long enough for me to tell.  But they have updated desktop products to disable themselves at the end of the subscription, instead of just to stop updating.  And given the intended use for this product, that is a concern.CONCLUSIONThis is a good idea, but it falls somewhat short of what I am looking for.  I hope that Norton continues to update the product.  Already they have improved some features with updates, including call blocking.  Still they have a long way to go.
I thought this would be good for my Ipad but unfortunatley it doesn't work that great. There are more issues than items that actually work so I would have to try something else. I probably should have put it on my phone because more people say it is good on androids but since it was just a 1 user I can't say :(
First, setup is difficult and frustrating.  AS if that weren't bad enough of a nuisance, once installed, performance is spotty.  I personally advise against this product.  Not up to the usual Norton standard.
Overview:  Norton Mobile Security had the potential to deliver a lot of value, but it stumbles in many areas.  Setup is clunky, and the anti-theft features are erratic at best.  It performs like alpha (yeah, not even beta) quality software.  Read on for more details.Setup:  For something that should be simple I found the process of getting the app installed and running to be more convoluted than it needed to be.  It involves scanning a QR code, visiting Norton's website, installing the app, and then logging in to the app.  While it worked, it was not seamless on my HTC Rezound.  Norton's mobile web site maxed out the number of open tabs that the stock Android browser would allow to have open.  This is just poor design, and the whole web site portion should be removed in subsequent releases.  Luckily, when I went to add it to my Transformer Pad Infinity, I could skip to installing the app and logging in.Anti-Malware:  This works about like your anti-virus software does on your PC.  It can be set on a schedule or run on-demand.  One thing that is much different from the PC experience is that it runs well under a minute on the mobile devices.  For both my Rezound and Infinity Norton didn't find any threats.  I wasn't expecting anything, and this also compares with my PC experience.  This begs the question:  is this adding value?Anti-Theft:  Norton has packed a fairly robust set of features into anti-theft, and some have the potential to be useful in other contexts too.  However performance across these is spotty.  For example, you can locate your device; however, I have found that the location can get "sticky".  I located my device at work yesterday.  When I went to locate it again at home, it is still showing the location from work.  The "Scream" feature performs better, and it can be helpful if you have forgotten which room you left your phone in.  The one drawback is that there is a delay between issuing the command on the web site and when the alarm sounds on your device.  It won't help if you are in a hurry, but otherwise it does the trick.  The "Lock" feature was hit and miss.  On the web site you can set a message that is displayed on the screen of the device, and it requires the code that you can specify on the web site in order to unlock it.  It worked fine on my Rezound, but it locked up my Infinity.  Fortunately, I was able to send an "Unlock" command from the web site, but I still had to do a hard power off to make the Infinity usable again.  The "Sneak Peek" feature takes pictures and uploads them to your Norton account.  I'm not sure if it is useful or not, but perhaps this could be helpful in the event that your device is actually stolen.  I did not test the "Wipe" feature - I can't imagine anyone would unless they had to use it in a dire situation.  So, as you can see, these features have inconsistent behavior.Backup:  I just don't see this as useful.  Google already backs up contacts and other settings.  My music and other data come from other places that are backed up.  The value proposition for this seems rather low.Web Protection:  I found this feature to be quite disappointing.  As a matter of course I am a skeptical web surfer, and I avoid suspicious web sites.  However, I went hunting for "bad" web sites, and I ran into issues with this software.  First, I navigated to a web site I found in a phishing e-mail.  It requested my account information for a financial institution that I've never used.  The e-mail was full of poor grammar and Non-English characters which also confirmed it's "phishy" status.  To my disappointment, Norton did not advise against this site on either my PC or my Rezound.  I received the message about a month ago, and I would have expected Norton to know about it by now.  To my dismay, there was a web form asking for my account info.  I closed the page and moved on.  In addition, I find it unacceptable that this feature only works with the stock Android browser.  While covering all browsers for Android is unrealistic, it would seem reasonable to at least expect Chrome to be included.  Opera, Dolphin, and Skyfire would also seem like reasonable targets.  If you aren't using the stock browser, you can forget it.  However, my test shows that it might not matter anyway.  In the end, the best protection is to not be a trusting person online.Call Blocking:  This is probably the best performing feature in the suite, but that's not saying much.  I would like to have seen proactive blocking, i.e. a way to type in a number that you want blocked.  However, your only option is to select from your call log as Norton retrieves it.  I tested this out by adding my home number to the list.  I called my cell from the home number, and the call went directly to voicemail.  I also noticed that the blocked call count incremented.  I removed it from the list, and the next call went through.  This has some value, but it is not enough to justify the cost of the software.System Utilization:  After I saw the issues others had with battery drains, I was curious if the app update on 2/26 was to try to resolve these issues.  My experience on both my devices was the battery usage was not a problem.  I also noticed little in the way of additional latency or sluggishness of my devices.  It's all for naught, however, when you consider everything else I've written already.Conclusion:  Norton Mobile Security reminds me of where Norton's desktop software was about a decade ago or so.  I think they are trying to provide useful functionality, but their execution is quite flawed.  I cannot recommend this product even for the features that perform adequately.  There are less expensive alternatives for call blocking and anti-virus.  The other features just don't work.
Advertised as usable with the iPhone but it's really not. There are numerous steps to setting it up and once it's up, there are no features worth anything for the iPhone.
I have had Norton antivirus and security (PC) programs for several years and already had an existing account. Bear this in mind in the coming review.I bought a new Samsung 4G Exhibit phone with Android, and it shipped with the standard already-installed Lookout security program, but I did want to try Norton on this new device.So, I sent for and got the product, which turned out to be a business-card sized card, on a larger folded card with the QR code and the product key printed inside.  To scan the QR code off the Mobile Security card I needed Norton Snap, and to download that I needed to go through Google Play. It took me several tries to download Norton Snap as Norton seemed unable to access my account through the Android (wireless) phone, while, meantime, I had no problem accessing my old account through my PCs.(Note: the two cardboard cards could have shipped in a business envelope, or a 6x9 envelope at most, more easily. The T-Mobile and other prepaid cards I see in my supermarket are, simply, card stock. Instead, this product comes in a rigid, thick and not "frustration-free" plastic retail-display package. It was difficult to open and had edges sharp enough to chop vegetables with.)Eventually I was able to scan the QR code and download the Mobile Security program. It took me several tries but I was finally able to register the product, despite the buggy interface.Norton Mobile Security does seem to have anti-malware and anti-theft (the latter is SMS only, allows me to lock my device). Remote scream, locate your device, sneak peek and wipe-your-device all appear to be Premium upgrades. Norton Apps does allow you to download the Utilities Battery Saver, Ad Detector, Identity Safe and parental controls, all free. Norton Apps also offers, free, Norton Anti-Theft,  which does provide lock, locate and find functions for Android phone or tablet, which I had thought came with Norton Mobile Security but apparently requires an additional step, and when logging in to my Norton account, after registering Norton Mobile Security, was told "no license found."If I want "web protection", call blocking, or backup I have to buy it, via upgrade, it seems, or puzzle out a way of getting Norton to recognize a product license and account I've already filed online with them. Norton Mobile Security seems to be operational on my phone, but I'm not sure if it's doing anything that Lookout isn't already doing. I'm wondering just what hassle or harm the Battery Saver will do, frankly, so I'm not likely to take any more risks.This product is definitely not user-friendly, even to someone who has had 30 years' experience with PCs and their peripheral devices. I've had a good relationship with Norton products for more than 10 years so I find this a major disappointment. As a disclaimer, I did get this through the Vine program and saved the purchase price but this is one of those occasions when a product review means hassle, considerable time spent, and a risk to my devices. I am not a happy customer.
This program is Norton in a nutshell. Its clunky, takes too much time, and does not deliver. Reminds me of issues I've had with other Norton programs, from their giant suites to backups to this. Hoped it would protect my Kindle but it didn't as well. No thanks
There are some products norton makes I like. But I don't like the "fear" concept and I think this is one of those products that are designed to scare you into buying it without you knowing for sure if it's helping. One thing I hate about this is the lack of support for Android. Multiple other Norton products support android, so why no support on this one? My Nexus can handle VPN's, I know because I use TOR as another reviewer has mentioned.For the price tag this really isn't needed for most users. Even when you are using your device for financial transactions, etc nearly all communication being done is encrypted with strict standards. Is everything safe? No, but for the most part everything is. If you are worried save your money and find a free or cheaper solution.  If you love norton and want to get everything norton then this might be for you.As a IT guy for the last 15 years, this isn't staying installed on my systems. The cost/benefit just doesn't make sense. I would recommend you skip this.*Also, so you know this was sent to me free as a trial unit. I reviewed it as part of the vine program. Receiving the product did not alter my opinion in any way.
I found Norton Hotspot Privacy to be way way too temperamental.  Although installation and setup were painless, establishing connections really tested my patients.  Things worked easily on my secure home network - where I don't need it - but on public networks establishing a secure connection was a real trial.  I nearly gave up as I set out to write this review at my local Starbucks and also when I tried to connect on a business trip stay over at a Days Inn.I tried connecting to the local wireless network and then starting Hotspot.  I tried starting Hotspot and then connecting to the network.  I closed everything and started over both ways several times.  Nearly always the login for Norton would hang and then after logging in no other web pages would load.So back to the on and off thing again and after a few more times I was able to get it to work.  Once it was working the overhead seemed reasonable and browsing didn't seem to slow much.  But adding on the substantial subscription price to the erratic connection issues makes me want to explore other options.
Corel's production software and that other company's Master $uite have always co-existed on my computer. The latter (harder to use, more precise results) for actual client work, and the former (Corel's) for Facebook and eBay and selling stuff on craigslist. I had hoped to add YouTube to that list. But, after reading Corel's new EULA, I'm not going to be able to do that for a while.The license agreement for Video Studio reads, in part, as follows:---------------------"You are permitted to use one(1) copy of the software for your (A) private, non-commercial purposes as a private user, and/or (B) commercial purposes as a service provider in a commercial business ... you may only download and install the software on one computing device. You may not re-install the software on a second computing device unless the original computing device fails. If authorization codes are required you may need to contact customer service and request approval to re-install the software on a new computing device, and you certify to Corel that you deinstalled the software from the failed computing device."---------------------In short, if you upgrade to another computer, you can't uninstall this from the old one and and reinstall it on the newer one. One install, and that's it (and further interactions with Corel indicate that they're not kidding - I'm not just misunderstanding the EULA). The EULA further indicates that they will in fact track computer network ids to back this up.I upgrade my hardware every couple of years, and was anticipating an upgrade this summer. I will be holding on to this package until then. Will I continue to do business with a company that has such a draconian re-use policy? Well, Adobe's new licensing scheme is differently bad, so probably. But if a third vendor is out there looking for an entree into this market, letting people actually own their software would be it.