This is the third version of Quicken Willmaker Plus I have used.  I liked the 2009 version.  Unfortunately, starting with the 2010 version, Nolo, the publisher of self-help legal books that produces this software, took away the living trust feature, which was a terrible move.  (Also, you're supposed to upgrade to a new version *every year*.  If you don't, the software won't update itself after the end of the version year -- i.e., Dec. 31, 2011 for the 2011 version -- which can cause problems as states [such as New York] do update their probate and other estate-related laws.)This 2011 version does not come with the living trust feature, either, but does provide you with a link upon installation to access Nolo's online living trust product for free. This was probably in response to the uproar from their loyal customer base last year. While this does mitigate the problem somewhat -- living trusts are an essential part of estate planning for most people and must be included in an estate toolkit -- it means none of the information you enter in Willmaker Plus 2011, such as all the contact names and addresses and birthdays and phone numbers, carries over to the living trust part, essentially making you have to enter all that information again.Other than that, both the Willmaker itself and the online living trust software are solid estate planning products.  Of course, tools like this are best for simple situations.  How simple?  For example, in my case I'd like to attach a condition to my will that the people I'd like to be the personal custodians for my kids only become custodians if they relocate to my city.  It turns out I cannot do this in Willmaker.  What I have to do is go through the standard Q&A; process of Willmaker, export the draft to Word, and then add the condition in Word myself.  This part is easy; the hard -- real hard -- part is I now need to pore over my state's will law to make sure my language is kosher.  I already know the condition itself is fine; I just have to make sure the way I write it -- since Willmaker didnt' write it for me -- will pass on probate.For most families without complicated familial situations -- such as history of multiple divorces and remarriages or estranged children -- Willmaker Plus 2011 will be good for making wills, living wills (aka healthcare directives), powers of attorney, etc.  You can also write promissory notes and some other simple legal documents beyond wills.Another thing I'm disappointed with Nolo and this version -- again I think Nolo is using the product as a cash cow rather than to really help its customers -- is it's little changed from the 2009 version, or even the earlier version I had used before.  The same typos (yes, TYPOS!) remain, and the same interface remains.  It seems every year they just change the update-expiration date of the program and the splash screen, and then sell it as a new version.  (And the price seems to have been going up, even though now it doesn't come with living trusts built-in.)  I find this practice unethical.Most likely this will be the last version of Willmaker I'll use.  I wasn't going to use the 2011 version, but got a chance to try it for free, hence I used it and this review.  There're books out there that show you step-by-step how to make wills and living trusts, books published by Nolo and by big-name publishers.  But in the end, I think next time I modify my will or living trust, I'm going to see an estate lawyer -- there are a few reasonable-cost ones in my community.
This product is quite easy to install and simple to use, but doesn't have much explanation about the laws of particular states and the different options available.  The forms are pretty basic.  They are good if you are leaving the bulk of your estate to one or two people and making a few specific bequests.  I wanted to use this to update a new will, since my old one is about ten years old, but ended up just typing the new one in because my old form is much better for where I live.  If, however, you don't want to hire a lawyer and you don't know how to pull together every form you might need for end of life legal dispositions (will, health care directive, etc.) and you don't have a big or complicated life, this will do the trick nicely and save you a lot of money.  If there is anything complicated in your dispositions or instructions, I would recommend paying for an attorney.  A few hundred dollars now can save your heirs thousands of dollars in expenses and hours of heartache.
It would be so much easier just to talk to a lawyer to get all this done.The software is klunky and not so easy to use, with a lot of legal jargon.Maybe newer versions are better designed and more user friendly.Nothing Quick about this Quicken Willmaker Plus 2011 software.
Having felt ripped off with my 2010 version, I bought & paid for the 2009 version here at Amazon, even though it would be "outdated". After all THAT stress & expense, saw the 2011 Version offered on the Vine Program and snagged one on the spot. THIS time it does include a provision to do a Living Trust. Only you have to add it after registration and do it "ONLINE" which makes me UNCOMFORTABLE. It is so personal, I just can't get comfortable not feeling private this way. Long story short, I feel like this version has paid me back for the crap 2010 version, and updated my 2009 version I felt forced to buy. Been a long road just like my 10 year relationship from Intuit with Turbo Tax. I am just so sick of feeling "led down the path" by companies who so often mislead consumers.... Just wish someone would clearly state what you get, CHARGE me for it and lets get on with it?I use Windows 7 64 Bit & this installed painlessly on BOTH my machines. Now, after being up all last night working on updating all my info, I am almost done, will be up to date (not that I feel that matters anymore?), but feel less cheated than my prior experience. I simply refuse to rate this higher than 3 stars (average) do to my expense & prior hassles with this product. I feel like that's fair to everyone concerned from every angle. I can't rave about it, can't bash it either. 3 stars for this effort.
It can be confusing buying software online. In this case, be aware that there is a newer version,Quicken Legal Business Pro 2013 [Download]. By the time you read this review, there might be an even newer version. And as always, consider consulting an attorney, even if you have software like this. A few hundred bucks might save you thousands.
If you are planning on starting a small home based or small office business, this software/guide would be a nice tool for you to use; however, be aware that you are getting basic, generic information and forms, so you have to be savvy enough to pull in your own state/city ordinances & be able to draft documents that speak specifically to your business.This software package is a good start, and will lead you to where you need to be.  However, don't think that it is a one-stop shop.  It is not.  Do your homework, visit your secretary of state's website, visit your local government's website, and look at other on-line forms to help you draft the necessary agreements that you will need.NOTE: If you are a contractor, subcontractor or supplier be aware that this package does not discuss mechanics liens, which can be very tricky state to state.The included e-books are a nice bonus.  The "Legal Companion" book is a throw-away.
I was not overly impressed with this software.  Others posted rave reviews, but I found it lacking in several areas.  The format is very plain and consists mainly of some PDF files and some drop down fill-in form fields.  I found the description a little misleading too as many (approx. 46) of the '(140) documents' are simply PDF files pulled from the IRS website.  I actually didn't even find 140 forms on the disk.  I found (70) 'customizable' forms, (4)Excel spreadsheets, and (46) IRS PDF forms.So, I just found the forms lacking. As an example, under the "Forming a Business" section, they have one document on LLCs.  ONE... and that is an operating agreement for an LLC.  What about 'forming' the LLC?  At least include the PDFs from each state that form an Limited Liability Company or build that in similar to tax software having each state's form.That said, I did find the enclosed book "Your Little Legal Companion" and the accompanying ebooks (some of which were over 500 pages in the PDF) very informative.  So I do commend them for including those as this would be a very bare bones package without them.As a basic package, this is an OK item.  I give it three stars.  EDIT: 12/22/2010 - Typo
As a person who loves to learn different languages, having studied Japanese, Spanish and Chinese (in college setting), I have always wanted to learn French, especially since I'm a big cinema and music fan, I figured now is a great time.  And so I have tried to learn French via books and CD but to be truthful, it really didn't do much for me.So,"Rosetta Stone French TOTALe- Level 1-3" and I felt perhaps the interactivity would be much better than learning from a book and CD and similar to how things were done in school, I would be conversing the basics in French in no time.The Rosetta Stone sets are very cool in presentation and I have to admit that I was excited once I saw the headset and installed the software on my Mac (software installation was easy and software was easy to bring up and use).  I loved the interface and if anything, it was an easy interface to use, it was slick and very different compared to the Instant Immersion (cheaper language learning set) language set I had used before.  And I like how it ties in online and letting you know of other people using the sets and see how they are advancing and of course, updating your daily learning to others as well.I started off with the first lessons and immediately, I was practicing reading and grammar and eventually, the first few days started quite well.  I was learning words such as eating, drinking, reading, writing and as each day progressed, I was learning the words but then I started to have some difficulty and it has to do with the particles.Part of the things you learn in various languages is how particles are used and why.  This is part of the problem I found with "Rosetta Stone" is that you are learning these words and you are actually having to guess a lot of the times that you think they are using "il" and "Ils", "Un" and "Unne" and others to describe more than one object, more than one person, a group setting and for the most part, you are guesstimating that is what is going on.  But you are not sure.  You're taking a guess. I am guessing that "le" is masculine and "la" are for feminine nouns right? "Les" is for plural nouns.  "un" is for masculine nouns" and "une" for feminine.  I'm guessing this... because there is nothing that is telling me that I'm right or wrong.So, I am left to go back to a book that I have had (which I was learning French via CD in the past) for a better understanding.  It shouldn't be this way, each lesson learned should have information in English of what the person is learning and then an overview of why the word is being used.  Eliminate the guessing game and be user friendly by allowing the person to know what those words are.As the lessons became more advance, I felt uncomfortable because even though I was guessing correctly, part of it was because you knew what the word was.  But everything that is in the sentence in relation to the word, you didn't.And this is where I felt a bit uncomfortable.  It's one thing to know the words but not being able to know certain parts of the basics. It's important to note that I have only went through level 1 and not 2 & 3 yet, which I don't dare finish until I get a handle on things for lesson 1.  It helps when you learn from a school setting especially during conversations that you are using certain words incorrectly and perhaps maybe I am too used to a format of learning another foreign language and thus the slight frustration with using "Rosetta Stone" for now.I still have many more lessons to go and I will update this review after each level completed but for now, for the price of this software, yes...it is much cheaper than a private one-on-one language tutor or going through a professional service like Berlitz but at the same time, I wish it was more helpful to explain those basics in English but unfortunately that is not the case.Despite the negatives that I have outlined, the truth is that I have learned French words.  The lessons really ingrain it into your head of pronunciation to working and learning them daily (and I recommend going back to reacquaint yourself with those words).  But in terms of being able to learn the sentence but most of all learning what and why those words are being utilized in the sentence does help.  And once again, maybe this is just my personal preference because of how I learned in college.Again, I'll continue to go back and update this review but for now, I'm giving "Rosetta Stone French V4 Totale" three stars.
There is no doubt that Rosetta Stone is expensive.  I think everyone can agree on that.  But sometimes you get what you pay for.  Rosetta Stone is not for everyone, even if you can afford.  You have to put lots of time and effort into it.There are already lots of comments of about "issues" to get it up-and-running.  I had some also.  Nothing that was too complicated or frustrating though.  This is what I call "bulky" software.  Lots going on so if you don't have enough RAM, there will be problems.  One might ask "why not just have everything online". .  .but here's the "deal".  Going online is part of the "system". .  but you only receive a three-month "trial".  If you want to continue to use the online resources, then you have to pay for that. . . even though you already spent so much as it is.  On the other hand, you're not "required" to pay for the online service, so you can simply use what came in the box, which will probably be "good enough" for most.If you're not going to "buckle-down" and use this. . . then you might look for French classes in your area.  They are a lot less expensive, and for some mean that you'll actually make an effort to attend.
I am usually not the greatest at language.  I took three years of Spanish in high school and blew through one disappointing semester of French in college, since I was studying European literature and wanted to know a main language besides Spanish connected with that.  I've tried learning Italian and Gaelic (yes, Gaelic) on my own with books and also on trips abroad.  But unless you have a relative or friend who is a nature speaker, it can be hard to practice.  Even more so if you want to pay for a college course for a refresher.  I do believe Rosetta Stone bridges this gap for the person who doesn't want to go back to college to learn this or perhaps a person who needs to learn basic Spanish for a job.At first, I had a hard time installing this on my desktop.  I've bumped this down to four stars because you can't install it on more than one computer, so I had to choose between computers.  This, I didn't like at all.  For the price of this program, you should be able to install it on both a work and home computer. I wish there was a way to validate your purchase so you could do this.  I do notice another person with a MacMini had some of the same problems I did getting it installed.  In the end, I felt it should have been more easier to do.  I am not sure if my computer was the problem or maybe I didn't get good disks that can be read well.  I was happy to find out, however, you can have up to five people on your one computer learning, which is nice.  I can share it with my boyfriend, who also wants to learn.The lessons, however, are very good.  I was taught in high school and college in the same way, which is nice.  It is advantageous for me to use this over taking a class at my local college since I can do it on my own time.  I can also make mistakes without getting an F. :)  In my old classes, we used to use flash cards in a similar way Rosetta Stone does their visuals.  I learn pretty fast this way.  It builds a simple vocabulary,  mostly using present tense.  Basically, if you took classes before, what two first year Spanish classes would cover, maybe a little less.  It focuses also on strict pronouncing.  Which is what I didn't get in school.  Very personalized training.  A Spanish teacher might skip over a syllable you don't say right, especially if you do well with reading and other activities, but Rosetta Stone will red you out if you don't say something clear.  I like this feature.  It helps me out a lot.It took me a long time to get confidence enough to try their 3 month interactive program online.  I shouldn't have been afraid of it.  I enjoyed the games and got paired up with a speaker of my level.  I was never once corrected in a way that made me feel stupid.  I think that is very important.  I feel people tend to get frustrated with learning languages because they feel, especially on a basic level, if they don't get something, it's over.  They tend to quit.  It is overwhelming.  But this system doesn't overtax the learner.  Some things I found I wasn't quick on the draw with were, finding out the balloons used were sometimes for the first person, getting the pace of the dialogue in exercises (sometimes they aren't in order) and sometimes I wouldn't catch on to games like the matching game right way, since there is no English in the program.  It's nice though, it makes you not cling to anything.  If reminds me of having to spend a whole hour in Spanish classes only speaking "en Espa&ntilde;ol".I do wish you got unlimited online service with this product since it is so expensive.  If you paid the price of it for a college class for a year, you'd have access to co-students and a teacher to guide you, not three months of interaction.  I am not sure how long the current program lasts.  Can you keep using it even if RS releases version 5 without paying an extra $50?  I am assuming all the audio and video stuff still works and doesn't go away once the next version comes up. The problem happens when your computer doesn't work or you want to upgrade.  No way to do that or is there?  I also can't find the subscription rate for this after my 3 month trial expires.  I have been looking at the website for ten minutes now and can't find a simple answer. Ugh. I think I may knock it down a star for that.  Information like that should be easy for anyone, owner of RS or not, to find.  It makes me feel like they are keeping information away from the consumer until after they buy the product.Overall, it's a good refresher course.  The first level won't make you a master, but it can help you learn enough to form basic conversations and use it in different situations.  It can push you to learning on your own as well.  I am not convinced it is the best way to go to learn language, but will give it a few more months before I completely say yea or nay.  Wait, wouldn't that be s&iacute; or no?Note: I have been using this and another Rosetta Stone for several weeks now and the headset that comes with it has a microphone that isn't so good.  Both my boyfriend and I have trouble getting the microphone to register words we say, even if we say it correctly.  For example, even simple Spanish words like Si and Hola get a negative signal even though I am saying it perfectly. I continue at the same volume about 5 times and then, it finally takes it.  I wonder if it will become frustrating on high levels where you have to repeat back longer sentences.  My Mac doesn't have an external mic, so I have no option but to use the headset and take it off to speak as loud as I can into the microphone.  It doesn't seem to matter if I do their "1,2,3,4,5" test at regular voice, louder or softer.  After having to repeat one word twenty times before they accept it, even though I know I am doing it right, tires me out!
Rosetta Stone is one of the most widely advertised and highly touted language programs available.  When I received this product I was really very excited that I would get to learn the Latin American dialect of Spanish. I really did not want to put it on my old PC as I was planning to upgrade to a larger machine with Windows 7 from a Windows XP professional machine.  You are all but locked in to whatever machine that you  put it on, so be very sure that you load the software on the machine you want it to stay on.  Contcting customer service is not ever a fun experience, and Rosetta Stone's customer service is no exception to this rule.The program itself is total immersion. You won't get translations, you are completely in the program and learning your way around can be a challenge.  Frankly, it is far more useful to learn key phrases you will use in every day life than about the boy under the yellow plane with the blue ball.  I have had the Arabic speaking Rosetta Stone program, which was not TOTALe, and it was a little easier to maneuver than this one.The program on either machine was less stable than I would have liked.  I had frequent crashes but I am willing to concede that I really was pushing the RAM on first machine.  In spite of this, I do think given the nature of the system lock ups and crashes, that osetta Stone is going to need to do a little more debugging in the next version of TOTALe. I definitely wanted to like this program more, but I have honestly gotten more out of Pimsleur's language CD's and MP3 downloads, and for the money spent, it is a bit more practical and a little less expensive.
As a person who loves to learn different languages, having studied Japanese, Spanish and Chinese (in college setting), I have since forgotten a lot of the Spanish that I've learned and now the using Rosetta Stone Spanish (Latin America) V4 TOTALe as a way to relearn things.The Rosetta Stone sets are very cool in presentation and I have to admit that I was excited once I saw the headset and installed the software on my Mac (software installation was easy and software was easy to bring up and use). I loved the interface and if anything, it was an easy interface to use, it was slick and very different compared to the Instant Immersion (cheaper language learning set) language set I had used before. And I like how it ties in online and letting you know of other people using the sets and see how they are advancing and of course, updating your daily learning to others as well.Adding a new language to Rosetta Stone is quite easy.  On the top, you will see an arrow, so you can switch to another language.I started off with the first lessons and immediately, I was practicing reading and grammar and eventually, the first few days started quite well. I was learning words such as eating, drinking, reading, writing and as each day progressed, I was learning the words but then I started to have some difficulty and it has to do with the particles.Part of the things you learn in class when studying various languages is how particles are used and why. Especially words that are specifically for male and females.  Part of the problem with "Rosetta Stone" is that you may find the actual learning of the words quite easy, especially memorizing them.  It's just when the words are used in a sentence-based structure, as you progress, this is where things become a bit more difficult.  There is no explanation, you just keep going.This is probably the most difficult part of the software is for one who has questions of why certain particles or possessives are being used, there is no English instruction.  You just keep going and going and as you advance, sure your memorization may be top notch but you may find yourself a bit frustrated that you are passing but that is mainly word association but yet, not knowing what you are doing is correct.  So, if you have a Spanish book handy, then you can probably look it up or look it up online.  But you just don't expect to do that since Rosetta Stone is pretty expensive.  There should be an explanation of each lesson you partake in and the words that are being introduced.And this is where I felt a bit uncomfortable. It's one thing to know the words but not being able to know certain parts of the basics. It's important to note that I have only went through level 1 and not 2 & 3 yet, which I don't dare finish until I get a handle on things for lesson 1. It helps when you learn from a school setting especially during conversations that you are using certain words incorrectly and perhaps maybe I am too used to a format of learning another foreign language and thus the slight frustration with using "Rosetta Stone" for now.Granted, I'm learning French and re-learning Spanish but I expected more from Rosetta, especially for its price.  I still have many more lessons to go and I will update this review after each level completed but for now, for the price of this software, yes...it is much cheaper than a private one-on-one language tutor or going through a professional service like Berlitz but at the same time, I wish it was more helpful to explain those basics in English but unfortunately that is not the case.Despite the negatives that I have outlined, the truth is that I have re-learned many of the Spanish words. The lessons really ingrain it into your head of pronunciation to working and learning them daily (and I recommend going back to reacquaint yourself with those words). But in terms of being able to learn the sentence but most of all learning what and why those words are being utilized in the sentence does help. And once again, maybe this is just my personal preference because of how I learned in college.As for the headset, mic works perfectly running through a USB keyboard.  Again, the software is slicker looking than the other cheaper software out there and I really dig the look and interactivity of "Rosetta Stone" versus other software in the market.  But by no means is the software perfect, it's not.Again, I'll continue to go back and update this review but for now, I'm giving "Rosetta Stone Spanish V4 Totale" three stars.
MS Outlook has been invaluable for emailing, calendar, reminders etc. for quite some time. Outlook 2007 tried to add more features and functionality but unless you upgrade to Word 2007 as commented by other reviewers you lose some of the word processing features.Also, it may be just me but my computer has started running slower since I installed this version of Outlook.
I picked up Outlook 2007 with Business Contact Manager because I needed a better way to track my customers' communications (I'm a work-at-home freelancer). I've been using it now as my primary e-mail client for about three months. So far, so good.I had little to no problems installing Outlook 2007. I'm using XP, and my Office suite is 2000. I like the GUI, but not all documents (especially Word and HTML docs) render as they do in their native apps, and I'm assuming this is because my other Office apps are getting way old.Also, I appreciate that Outlook 2007 lets you add RSS feeds. I subscribe to many newsletter and blog reports and find this feature useful. I've had no problems with just the e-mail reading/organizing capabilities; everything there works just fine.Like many people writing reviews here, I'm disappointed that Outlook 2007 with BCM is so slow. I used to use Outlook Express as my e-mail client, which is pretty fast compared to Outlook 2007, so maybe it's just a matter of getting used to the new app.I was hoping this app would allow me to do more with billing and invoicing, but I've read a few blogs and discovered to get Business Contact Manager to really do all it can do (which is probably a lot), you'll need Microsoft Accounting installed, too. I'm considering buying that app, but I wish I didn't have to.The full functionality of the app is a bit beyond me at this point (again, I'm upgrading from Outlook Express, so the learning curve is no surprise), but I hope this changes with time. Right now, I find myself using the same three or four functions all the time, which is normal. It's how I generally use the other apps in the Office group.I've found myself in the past criticizing certain aspects of other Microsoft products (Word in particular), only to find out later these apps had the ability to do what I wanted them to do all along, but I just didn't know it. In general, I wish Microsoft's apps were a bit more intuitive.
This is going to be an unsatisfactory review, because despite repeated attempts and the assistance of tech support, I was not able to get this new version of Microsoft Outlook to work with my business email server. It worked fine with the previous version of Outlook, but this time around it was a no go.The program itself seemed okay. But one big drawback is that it appears you need to be running Office 2007 in order to get full functionality out of this program. And I don't care for Office 2007. I'm still running Office 2003 because I much prefer that suite of programs.So mixed results for me. Not all of them are presumably the fault of the product. But ultimately this wasn't an upgrade that it felt it necessary to make.
Microsoft's "Office Outlook 2007 with Business Contact Manager is one tough program to set-up, but when you combine it with Microsoft's Accounting 2008 (it is a free download), it has its merits. I'll try to explain those, along with the bumps in the process, that I found.First of all, if there ever was a program that needs at least a short written booklet on setting-it-up, transferring contact information, and using the basics of it, this is it.  If you are a business person, and you want to keep extensive records of calls, etc., this is more like ACT!  , and a little better in saving details from your regular version of Outlook.  To perform an action with a contact, you 1) highlight a contact, 2 ) right click on "call" or "create" to take one of those actions, and 3) you have a good record of your action while you perform your task.Of the books that I've been able to "search" through,Outlook 2007 Business Contact Manager For Dummies (For Dummies (Computers))looks good and covers most of the info well.Managing Contacts with MS Outlook 2007 Business Contact Managerwould probably work, too, but I was not able to go in and read any sections of it.  With the "Dummies" book, I read around 50 pages on the problems I found, and it covered them correctly.Next, let me say this, if you have "Outlook" already on your computer, it works well (as it says on the package) with Office 2003 and Office 2007 (for Word features like mail merge), but it was a disaster with Office '97 and has a drawback with Office XP (2002).  With '97, I actually cannot use the regular Outlook anymore, even after uninstalling Business Manager and reinstalling Office '97.  It will work with Office XP, but it makes it part of Business Manager and shows it as "Contacts" under "My Contacts," see images I uploaded).  Afterwards, you will not be able to use Outlook XP for mail, but you can use it for most other functions.You would think that one could easily upload ones contacts from a .pst (Outlook) file backup, but that is not possible.  I, also, tried, as instructed, using a .csv (comma separated values) file and mapping the fields, but they would not transfer in.  To actually transfer the records (see images), you have to select "contacts" under "My Contacts." Then, you highlight the contact you want to transfer.  Next, on the Edit menu, click Copy to Folder, in the submenu Copy Items, choose "Business Contacts" under Business Contact Manager.  If you want to transfer all of your contacts, just choose Select All under the File menu in your transfer process.NOTE: Given my calamities, I will say that after three crashes during one process of trying to share the CSV info, it did recognize there were conflicts, and it did repair them.If you've ever worked with Microsoft Project, Business Contact Manager will allow you to do a watered down version of setting-up a project.  With the accounting package, you can keep tabs on your costs per project at the same time.  This part is a little more intuitive; however, I'd still refer to a separate guide as the "help" files require you to hunt a lot to get all the information you need.PIM's, Personal Information Managers, have been around for a while, and Outlook 2007 with Business Contact Manager has some valued features.  My first PIM was "Packrat" for Windows, and I still miss some of the features of it (such as using "keys" when saving documents so you can easily find information (sort of a "Journal" entry type of thing that is more extensive)).  Later, I began using ACT! Business Contact Manager for Outlook 2007.  This program is neither of those.  It is not bad, bad, just not as good as it could be.  If you can deal with the problems of set-up, and either do not have Outlook on your computer now, or have Office 2003 or Office 2007, I'd say give it a shot, but realize you will have some bumps in the road up ahead.
I won't repeat what other reviewers have said about the shortcomings of Outlook '07, except to agree and point out (IMHO) the most significant shortcomings.First, Outlook has always been very susceptible to viruses, and generation after generation, Microsoft apparently refuses to fix the potential exploits. Also, this program is bloated and clunky, pretty typical of most of Microsoft's stuff.This version is bundled with a contact management software, which is probably its best feature, but is overpriced. There are about a dozen out-of-the-box contact management solutions software available at popular computer retail stores for about $25, which have basically the same features, or you can download free software from a variety of open source sites.In the final analysis, my decision was whether we needed the features in Outlook 07, or whether to continue using Pegasus or Evolution for email & contact management only. After using and comparing all three, Evolution stands out as the easiest, cheapest, and most simple, until a coworker suggested trying the new features on Gmail. We've been experimenting with Gmail for almost two weeks now, and frankly, it beats Outlook on a variety of points... and it's free, and it stores all your data online. I would strongly suggest looking into signing up for a free Gmail account and tinkering with the all new features before buying or downloading anything else.
I have never been especially fond of Outlook, but I was willing to give it another try with this version in the hopes that my previous complaints had been addressed. I can't say I am especially impressed with this version either, though there are some good things I can say about it regardless.I have been using Outlook in the workplace as a standard for years now. It integrates with MS Office (another standard in the office, though I use something different at home) and it generally gets the job done, though it is slow about it. I have found that Outlook 2007 is no exception in that regard - this is not a nimble application and it takes a lot of memory and resources to run well. If you have a lot of memory and space that's not really a concern, but it is something about which to be aware.MS has always done a nice job of putting together applications with a pretty front end, and Outlook has almost always led the way in that regard. Though pretty, Outlook suffers from a very confusing layout in terms of where to find various configuration settings. Making a preference change is rarely just a couple of clicks away; invariably it either requires knowing up front where things are or it requires a lengthy search for the desired setting.Outlook 2007 adds RSS feeds, a nice feature for those that use them. To be honest, I have not tried this feature so I cannot comment on it. That said, its availability is a nice thing and is something to consider if this capability is something you need or desire.I fiddled with the Business Contact Manager portion of the application and to me it feels like a light CRM implementation running on the local box. This is a nice thing to have, but unfortunately it is not something I personally need. For a person who relies on keeping track of contacts, sales and other vitals, I can see this as being a very useful tool.I do appreciate the fact that Outlook 2007 seems to be more stable than the last version I have used, but I do still get the occasional hang when connecting.Outlook 2007 is a nice package and with the integrated BCM it is a good tool for people who need to keep close track of their contacts. It still suffers from bloat and a confusing settings layout, though it had a visually appealing interface and a nice feature set.
Unlike most reviewers, I hadn't previously used Outlook. It seemed to be just an ordinary mail program, and I use something else for that. I really like the idea of Outlook 2007 though. I like being able to type in a task as it comes up and then sort and categorize it by project later. I like being able to review a whole email conversation easily, and to sort mail documents by category. I like the color-coding. I liked the thought of being able to track email campaigns handily.In reality, the program was so slow on my computer that I gave up in frustration long before I had gotten all the features integrated into my daily routine.Normally, I wouldn't hold that against a business program. My work computer may be a work computer by day, but my kids use it for WoW by night and I use it for pictures and email and blogging and so forth. A high-powered business program might just need a more high-powered or a more strictly business machine.However, this is billed as a small business application. I use the rest of Office for business without difficulty, so it seems as though Outlook should be just as friendly to my home/business computer.I haven't given up entirely. I'll just have to play with it more sometime when I don't have to get any work done.
First of all you must realize this product is ONLY for Apple TV, iPod and iPhone - nothing else. I'm not sure if that's clear in the description.It does take a whole variety of input file formats ranging from DVD movies (.vob files) to all mpeg formats to .avi, divx, etc. In that regard it's not bad. Unless you factor in that the DVD movie must have no copyright protection. In other words, you can't crunch your original DVD movie (even if you purchased it legally) - you would have to first use some other software to remove copyright protection, and only then can you work with this software to crunch it. So, for DVD movies that you purchase, this software by itself is useless.This product, then, is really only good for crunching movies that you take with your video camera, or for converting mpegs, etc. into the output format stated before (iPod, iPhone, Apple TV). If that's important enough for you, this software is not bad. But if you're expecting anything more from this software, you'll be disappointed.
Two things: I'm on a Mac and I haven't frustrated myself to fully use all of Crunch. That given, for Windows users, welcome to the Mac video world! you'll find a nice LEGAL program to make most of your video wishes come true pretty easily (ie: convert vids for compact viewing and/or moving them aroundto various mediums).Crunch is, basically, a video convertor for a few popular mediums; it also does more... with a little help from online people. If you want to move one format of video to another and play it on iPod, Crunch it. It works. But if you ewant to convert more options, Crunch can do that, too.Written for both Windows (Vista!) and OS X, Crunch can, indeed, convet video to a few common formats that are on-the-go, primarilt iPhone and others. I MAY be wrong, but you can't convert files for burning DVD-Rs. It DOES nicely crunch vids to iPod ease and that rocks, especially if you're buying it under $40: WORTH IT!Of course, the temptation is to "push the legal envelop" on use with some programming and you naughty pirates know what I'm saying. Without a copyguard, do what you want with it, but remember karma and that rentals are cheaper than copyright infringement. But for anybody who is thinking of moving, say, a TV show or three for viewing privately during breaks, rock this thing!Roxio has very good support boards, too!!!
I agree with most of the reviewers here so, I won't go into much detail and I don't see the point in rehashing what others have already eloquently states. The product in question is relatively easy to use..on par with basic  coversion softwares such as this. That is the end as far as positives for this product. The great let down and where this product loses major points is the time taken for conversion/backing up. I stopped one of the back-ups 1/4 of the way because I didn't have the time. I was a bit more generous and gave it 3 stars since this product has great potential to be improved.
I have been using anti-virus/spyware software for a very long time. After all, it's pretty much a necessity now-a-days on the internet. For the past couple years I have been using Norton. The past year I upgraded to Norton 360. Mostly because I was comfortable with the product and it's weaknesses.Having the opportunity to try McAfee Total Protection I decided to give it a shot. The installation was typical and not much of a problem at all. It did require three reboots which I think is a little excessive.One of my main issues with this product is no instruction book in this huge box. If they were not going to include an instruction book why make the box so big and wasteful? The lack of an instruction book (printed anyway) is a detriment to this program as it's hard to know what each of the reported 12 features do and exactly how to use them to maximize their use. It would seem if I am paying close to $80 for this the least they could do is print an instruction book.Aside from the instruction book when I was using certain features they seemed to be rather sluggish and seemed (to me anyway) to slow my computer down a little. This isn't to big of an issue because I have noticed the same thing with Norton 360. I know it's not my computer as it's fairly new.Another big complaint I have with this product is it really caused my wireless network fits. error messages of all sorts and other messages that some I really didn't know what they mean.Does this product protect from viruses/spyware/spam... probably. Will it give you a couple headaches... probably. I think it all boils down to picking your poison. If you have worked with McAfee products before then this will be fine for you. If however, you are experienced with other software and are not having a problem, I wouldn't recommend switching over. Stick with what you know.
I received the install CD for this product, and installed it on a PC running XP Media Center SP3.  My PC had an earlier version of plain-jane McAfee installed.The install process was rather simple, note that it required 2 reboots.  Once the CD was placed in the drive, I was given the option of installing from the CD, or downloading from the Internet.  I chose the download.At no time did I supply my credit card info during the install - but after reading some of the other reviews here, I am a bit suspicious of the product - escpecially since it in essence upgraded the version I already had resident.
Let's say that your computer has no protection suite and you have never used a competitor's product, you will probably never know the difference and your system will be adequately protected from the worst scum of the universe. That is probably the strongest recommendation that I can bring myself to give for this suite.I will start with the good on this review, because there is not really that much to say. The product installs easily (remember to uninstall any competitor's product before trying the install of McAfee Total Protection, it will remind you if you have forgotten). Configuration is not difficult and the included products are pretty extensive (read the product description above, it has nearly everything you could hope for in protective software). That, however, pretty well sums up the good stuff.On the flip side, after installing, I found that the boot time on my dual core Centrino system with 4GB memory, increased by minutes over the 10-20 seconds that I had come to expect with Norton 360 installed. I also had trouble registering the product even after multiple manual attempts. Online support was relatively helpless to help me resolve this problem, at least the first line team. I was eventually bumped to the true technical help (after first being advised to call the fee based help line). At this point the registration completed successfully. Throughout the process McAfee Total Protection had been advising me of new products that I might be interested in (remember those popup windows browsers used to display before popup blockers? Yeah, you get the picture). This required another online help session to turn off that setting on McAfee's end (I was informed that this is a user selectable option, but once it is set, the user cannot change the setting, only McAfee can change it).All in all, after a couple of days, I uninstalled the suite and reinstalled Norton 360. Boot time is back to what I expect and I do not see any unreasonable slowdowns or spurious alerts messages advertising products. I still prefer Norton Internet Security for the ease of non-standard configuration, but I can wait until after this year's subscription expires to make the change. P-)
Haven't opened the box because I am running Windows XP and there appears to be no information on the box stating that the product is suitable for Windows XP -- only Vista.
There is no questions you will need some kind of virus protection if you are running Windows in your machine. McAfee software will definitely do the job. But I think any of the major ones would be sufficient.McAfee software is installed easily on my Vista laptop. But after a reboot, I started noticing my laptop started running sluggishly. I have a HP with AMD Turion and 2GB of memory, so it is not a dog by any mean.The thing is, it is hard to tell how well your virus protection software is working, after all its role in life is running in the background and intercepting bad stuffs that came from the internet.My thought: Recommended, but you will need at least 2GB of memory for an average machine.
I've never really been impressed by Virus Scanning software, and I guess I can say that still holds true.Three user McAfee is easy to use but it's more for moms and grandparents and aunts and the like who may not be as net savvy to understand what not to trust before coming across it on your computer.Integrates well with Windows XP. Recommended if you want to be cautious.
As I write this review McAfee is using approximately 100megabytes of memory.  This is clearly a consideration if RAM is in short supply on your machine.  McAfee has never had a light footprint when it comes to system resources and this version is no different (this probably won't be noticeable on newer machines).The install process was easy on all three machines I installed the software on (2 running XP Pro and one running Vista Ultimate).  In fact this version of the software uses a really convenient system where you register on their site to activate your software.  This way you don't need to worry about losing your software key.  Some may find that intrusive but I find it useful.I think most people are familiar with the most basic function a virus/spyware scanner performs.  It looks for pre-defined viruses/spyware and makes sure that you don't download, email or install them.  McAfee has never been at the top of the list of virus detection but it isn't the worst either.I think perhaps the feature of this version that I like most is the Site Advisor feature (something not found in free scanners).  What this does is pre-scan all the webpages you are going to against a central database and lets you know if virus or spyware problems have been found on those pages.  This is particularly useful for people who are not familiar with more advanced methods for avoiding suspect websites.  However, this feature is somewhat problematic because on two of my older systems it significantly slowed Internet Explorer 7 (though it did not slow down Firefox 3 at all).Also useful is the Easy Networking tool that is included.  This allows you to see a map of your network and to see the status of the McAfee software on each.  It does not use anything more sophisticated than a Windows Workgroup but it makes it easier to set up and use a home network to share printers and files.  However, I recommend caution setting up a network using this tool if you also have a wireless router.  It may or may not warn you about setting up strong encryption on your router to prevent people from logging on to your home network and viewing your network shares.Overall I feel pretty good about this software and I plan to leave it on all three computers.  I'm not entirely sure I'll renew the license in a year but I suppose I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
The McAfee Internet Security Suite has some great features beyond just virus scanning.  It has anti-phishing and anti-spyware protection.  It also has firewall and system backup/restore software included.  One thing I've found useful is when someone sends you a link via instant messaging programs, you can scan the link as well.  I'm always skeptical to click on links and this is a good feature.  You can also prevent security scans screens from taking over your computer when you are working in full screen.  They will run in the background.  It does slow down your computer a little bit, but has not been unbearable.You can install on up to three computers in your home - for a very good price.  We only installed on one PC as we don't use the other one and the third is a Mac.  If you need help from the McAfee folks, you will need to "chat" with them online (free), unless you want to pay for telephone support.  This would be a downside for many... I would rate it 3 stars as-is and 4 stars if it would have included free telephone support.
I used to be a long-time McAfee user after having tried - and hated - Norton. A couple years ago I switched to the Zone Alarm product line but decided to give McAfee a try when this came up on the Vine offer. Zone Alarm seemed to be slowing things down more than usual so I had high hopes the McAfee would provide some much needed pick-up. That was mistake number one. I loaded it to my PC based laptop which I keep for travel or emergencies so it is clean and relatively unclutted...still slow.The Good...The child protective features are a nice tough (I suppose)if you have young children at home. On the other hand, if you are like me (sans young kids) then it is just one more bulky portion of an already bulky program. McAfee is easy to use just like always, in fact, that has always been a plus of the software. The automatic updates are a mixed bag at best - great for helping remind of important updates but annoying the rest of the time. The price is excellent (even the regular retail) and I like the idea of protecting all three computers at once.The Bad...Perhaps it is too much to ask for any of these to not slow the computer to a crawl but like most people, I want protection and I want it fast. It becomes a battle to remain prudent and protected rather than speed things up and risk a loss or corruption. The online support is better than nothing but chat and email don't make the cut compared to live support. Yes, I know that is increasingly rare but I increasingly vote with my pocket to those vendors that provide excellent customer service (like Amazon I may add).The VerdictProbably about average product with an above average price especially for three computers. All in all you could do worse but would need to pay quite a bit more for anything above and beyond this level.
This is a very comprehensive protection package. It comes from the second oldest name in this field. That said it's a bit unwieldy. Since installing it I have had a noticeable slow-down in my computer. I don't have that slow of a PC, Quad Core 4 GB of RAM?? Now it's crawling worse than it usually does. I also had an instance when installing that it kept giving me errors on the password I needed to create for it. It kept telling me it was invalid, but not why. It wouldn't let me create an online account. I finally guessed that it might want a password with mixed letters and numbers. That worked. I shouldn't have to guess.After install, it scanned my computer at 4 in the morning and I was clean except for 5 cookies it didn't like. No viruses  or anything overly malicious. I was using Windows Defender and Avast! before this. They are free. Overall it's quite a deal especially if you qualify for the rebate on it, currently.
The good: McAfee Internet Security 2008 covers three PCs for about $50; includes backup and recovery; all of the tools integrate well.The bad: Telephone tech support still costs.  With all of its features and protection it will slow down you PCs a bit but that's the price you will have to pay for protection.The bottom line: McAfee Internet Security 2008 trounces Norton Internet Security 2008, offering a better designed product with more security tools.Specs: License qty: 3 users; License type: Complete package; Min Operating system: Microsoft Windows XP SP1Firewall:The McAfee firewall will keep intruders out and your personal information safe. It monitors your computer's ports and all data that enters or leaves. With one click, you can lock down the firewall, which blocks all network traffic between your computer and the Internet. It also stops remote connections from accessing your computer.Setting up custom firewall rules and changing the firewall configuration was difficult if you're not technical. I also had issues with the firewall not opening ports that we had specified within the custom rules.Antivirus:McAfee is one of the few companies that submitted their software to all three major testing labs, ICSA, Virus Bulletin (VB) and West Coast Labs (W.C.L.), and passed all three tests. The suite offers a variety of virus scanning options. You can scan files on demand, real-time or schedule your system scans.  With scanning real-time, doing a full system scan and scanning incoming/outgoing emails and instant message attachments. It will put some additional overhead on your system.Antispyware:The ISCA also gave their approval for the antispyware function of the McAfee Internet Security Suite. This software will detect spyware of all kinds including adware, keyloggers, Trojans, browser hijackers and more. The scanner did miss many tracking cookies as well as some pre-installed spyware toolbars.Other Security/Features:In addition to the main security functions listed above, McAfee will detect problems, filter spam and notify you of potential phishing schemes. Phishing is creating a fraudulent email or website that appears to be a legitimate company, like a bank, credit card company or government agency. The goal is to collect personal information. McAfee also has extensive parental control features that will filter web content by keyword, by using a blacklist or by image analysis. You are able to set up an account and customize web filters for each user.We used the "Maintain Computer" function to clean out old and unused files. You can shred the files for privacy purposes if you want. From this screen, you can also reconfigure your PC for optimum performance.McAfee's main user interface is well organized so you can quickly access and configure the firewall, antivirus and parental controls. You can also access reports and logs so you can see exactly what functions have taken place and what the results are.A large problem with McAfee's security suite is that it slowed down my system considerably while it was installed. At times we were able to type faster than Word could display the letters on screen because of the slowdown.Ease of Installation/Setup:We didn't have any problems while installing this software. The initial setup is simple and the software has default settings so you don't have to do any extensive configuring. McAfee integrates well with other programs like Internet Explorer and Microsoft Outlook.  Uninstalling the MacAfee Internet Security seemed to go well until we searched for things that it might have left behind. Many registry keys as well as several directories were still present after a forced reboot.Help/Support:McAfee provides tutorials, a user manual and FAQs. You can also contact customer support by phone, online chat and email.Summary:McAfee Internet Security Suite provides the security you need to safely navigate the web. It is a little bit anemic in some areas, and has the potential to slow your computer down while the real time scanner is functioning.
Once again, I am frustrated by virus protection software.  My main problem with virus software in general is that it often ends up acting like ad-ware.  One of the reasons I purchase anti-virus software is to make sure I avoid installing software that produces pop up ads.  However, the McAfee software is constantly popping up various warnings and ads.  In fact, when my subscription had expired, I was continually bombarded with "special offer" pop ads aimed at getting me to renew.  Also, warnings continually pop up asking me to update my software.  No matter what I tried, I could not get these pop ups to go away.I like being in full control over all the software on my computer and I feel as though most virus software programs limit how much control I have over them.Yes, McAfee does seem to do a good job in catching viruses and malware while not slowing down my system.  It was easy to installed and the initial scan was performed quickly.Overall, I just wish McAfee gave users more control over the way in which the product functions.
It seems to work well for me relative to keeping viruses at bay. At least I haven't had any problems since installing it. That could be simply that my computer hasn't been attacked though, since I've never seen McAfee announce that it found one and took care of it. But I'm happy with being virus free.The back up program that is part of the package is horrible though and I'm amazed they would include it at all without refining it and making it more useful and user friendly. I think their reputation would be better served without it rather than doing a half-baked job. The amount of user tweaking you can do to have it back up only what you want is lousy, and it literally will not allow you to back up the Outlook .pst file at all! Someone tell me why that would be!One more downside - the annual fee is too high. Way too high. I may consider another alternative when my year is up unless they reduce the cost.
Live OneCare is a product that feels more like an afterthought to promote another one of Microsoft's many services and products. The entire software package is designed around and as an effort to promote Microsoft's Windows Live concept. The software itself is a collection of frequently used utilities, including virus protection, personal firewall, backup/restore utility, tune-up utility, and spyware protection. The collection offers nothing new or value added compared to other all-in-one security/utility suites, like those offered by Norton, CA, or McAfee. Also, most if not all of the components included in the OneCare package have their open and freeware alternatives and counterparts. Granted, it is convenient to have everything neatly packed in one package. However, this only advantage is negated by the awkward and consumer-hostile pricing plan. First, the software assumes and REQUIRES a Windows user to have an activated Windows Live account. Secondly, once installed, you only have 90 days to decide if you want to activate or not. In order to activate, you need the aforementioned Live account and also get ready to shell out $49.95 for annual subscription. And from my testing, there doesn't seem to be a way to cancel your subscription OTHER THAN CALLING Microsoft customer service - which is not exactly something I want to schedule in my calendar, ever. If you choose not to activate, the whole thing is useless and does nothing but to bug you with endless pop-ups reminders for activation. Based on these two things, I'm not entirely enthused about the whole product. As I said, even on a purely technical performance perspective, nothing about OneCare is overly compelling to the point I can overlook these extremely costly and irritating annual pricing plans.
I'm still trying to learn all the things this program is capable of.  So far, I've been pleased.
The thing that interested me the most in this product was that you could install it on three computers.  That is perfect because that is how many computers my home office/game room has.But there are better products out there.If the idea was that you only needed one product and this was it, then Microsoft really missed the boat.  Virus definitions seem a bit behind Kaspersky and others and the fact that it doesn't block SPAM like other software is a bit alarming.For basic protection, this might be the way to go.  But if your computer habits are beyond the basics then I'd suggest another product.
This is a great product.  I was very excited about this product.  We have an older computer and I thought that the repair/fix part of this product would be great for us.  I also liked that when it was installed it recognized that we had a printer on the main computer and it asked if we wanted to network our laptop.  We had always wanted to do that but didn't know how, this program made it very easy.  The only downfall is that there are a lot of pop-ups asking us to run things and restart every few days.  I guess that means it is doing it's job, but it can be annoying.  Overall a good product.
I had originally thought of getting this product for our son who is off to college in the fall.  Right now all of our household computers are hooked intoMicrosoft Windows Home Server OEMso our anti-virus and backups are centrally managed.  However, when he leaves for college that won't be an option for him.  I wanted something that was easy to use and didn't bog his laptop down.  Unfortunately, although OneCare is a good product, it just didn't fit the bill.First off, let me say the product has a lot of nice features -- including automated backups, firewall, anti-virus and more rolled into one thing.  However, as I've learned in the past, sometimes rolling too many features into a product can give you a less than stellar offering.  It's hard to be the "best" in every category -- and I think this is where OneCare suffers.I found the Firewall to be terribly annoying.  I prefer to leave software-based firewalls turned OFF because hardware-based firewalls are much more reliable.  When I did this I got not one, but two red icons in my task area on Windows XP that would not go away.  Unlike the built-in firewall with Windows XP/Vista, turning OneCare's firewall off does not give you the option to ignore the condition and remove the red icons.  In this way I felt the program was way too demanding to be wanting to do everything when all I wanted was a subset of its features.Next, I noticed that the backup feature of OneCare and the backup feature of Windows Home Server was not integrating correctly.  The product states that it "recognizes" the backup feature of WHS, but I found out that two backups were trying to occur every night.  I searched around some and couldn't find any real documentation or options for fixing the problem.The anti-virus feature worked well, and in fact seemed to run just a bit faster than my current anti-virus program, Avast.  Updates happened automatically and it was pretty much non-intrusive.  No complaints there.There were other features that would be handy for novice users, such as cleaning up the temporary files that Windows and IE seem to leave around as well as a feature to scan your system for missed updates, etc.  Again, these are features a novice user might enjoy so they don't have to manage their computer as much.However, my overall impression was that OneCare is "good" but just doesn't make it into the "great" category.  I'd say if you have one or two PC's without a home network then this program will work for you just fine.  If you are a more tech-savy computer user then you'll probably find yourself fighting the program more than getting a lot of value out of it.
Pros:Seamless, all inclusive computer care programAutomatic updatesEasy installEasy to useCons:Must call Microsoft if you want to uninstallCost $49.95/yr for maintanenceMust have a Windows Live account to useToo many pop ups interfering with regular computer use all the time.
The technical capabilities of the program are quite good. It really is rather "cute" in the way that normal pictures can be tranlated into works of "art." You really need a drawing pad, however, because the mouse just won't do justice to the capabilities of the program. If you are looking for professional grade, be sure to get all the other toys you will need to make the program work to its highest potential. But even without all the extra goodies, this is fun!
I loved the drawing functions within this program and found them somewhat easy to get the hang of -- took a little bit in that they were not as intuitive as I would like however once I figured them out the functionality was good.On the picture editing side I did not have as much patience.  It was not intuitive and I was seldom pleased with the results.  If you are looking for an editor for pictures and giving pictures special effects I would by far recommend Adobe Photoshop Elements.
I will not comment on the tool's reliability, since I have not used it long enough, but I definitely was disappointed by the spin-up phase.I installed the product on a Pentium 4, 2.53 GHz, 1 GB RAM running Win2K SP4  with plenty of disk space (tens of Gigabytes). In the Installer's Minimum System Requirements window there is no information about the required disk space, but later in the installation process the "Required" disk space column shows values that differ from the reality shown by Windows by the factor of 10 for every disk drive (I have 3).Actually used disk space after installation on drive "D" - 830 MB.When I launhed the application, I don't see any tool tips. Help does not have any references to them either. This makes a novice VERY uncomfortable: I have used many complex graphical tools, but I have no idea what here some icons mean. Now I am stuck either learning by reading, or by trial-and-error.
...you better not be a VBA user!!  That's right with 'Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac' the look is pretty and slick but VBA support that had been available for real power users of Office for a loong time along is G-G-GONE.  Along with the loss of this power ability performance hits are a plenty and this is just not a great upgrade.  For basic users that want to use Office on their Mac this serves the purpose well but to ignore these major issues would be impossible.If you are a regular Office user that wants the basics and isn't used to the 2004 edition you will be pleased.  If you are looking for an 'upgrade' you will be disappointed.***
This version of Office was designed for the Mac, so in theory it should work better than the previous version. Whether or not that's the case is hard to determine, as the previous version worked well enough for most people. (I've never been convinced that all of the "upgrades" that software goes through are really improvements at all. Most of the time I prefer to just leave stuff alone.)Some of the files can be slow to open in this version of the software, however apparently that was due to a bug, which can be corrected by updating the software to the first Service Pack release. This is a nuisance, but at least it can be corrected.For whatever reason, Microsoft decided to strip some of the functionality from previous versions of Office for this release. Most especially, they removed the support of Visual Basic from Excel. This means that some of the features that users previously used -- like macros -- no longer work in this version of Excel. This is not something that is going to affect the basic user, but for the price, customers should be able to expect a full-featured software package.
I would avoid this edition, just like I avoided Vista; these are poor quality programs.You need to ask yourself what your goals are with this edition of office before you buy it.  Are you a business professional who has been using office products for a long time and are used to the office 2000-2003 interface, need a lot of control over each program?  Then avoid this edition like the plague.  It boils down the user interface into a child's game of pictures and symbols that is useless for a professional in order to access, understand what they are accessing, what they need to get the task done.  If this is you, expect a VERY steep learning curve over previous versions (this is how Microsoft makes money, on training courses for new programs that are switched around for no reason other than to prop up this segment of their business).If you are new to MS office and only expect to use it for basics like typing in word, simple calculations in Excel, and simple presentations in powerpoint, then go for it.  It'll be easy for you to use, and you won't be so frustrated at finding specific and powerful tools in each program.Overall, a poor couple of years for Microsoft products. Let's hope the next windows and office isn't a dud.
I use MS Office 2007 daily, although I am by no means a power user.  I'll occasionally use slightly more advanced features like pivot tables and mail merge, but that's about as far as I take it.  I mainly use Outlook and Excel daily.  When I purchased my first Mac (for home) earlier this year, I initially wanted Office 2008.  However, after seeing a demonstration of iWork in the Apple store and noticing the pricing difference, I decided to go the iWork route.  It's a nice program, but I still use my Windows PC for 99% of office work because I'm just so familiar with Office on PC (although the radical changes to the interface of Office 2007 from 2003 took a LOT of getting used to as well).  Also, I really wasn't in the mood to learn the unfamiliar iWork interface (too busy, and the guy in the store made it seem so much more intuitive).  I recently got the chance to try Office 2008 for Mac.  I'll admit, I'd reconsidered Office 2008 a few times after purchasing iWork, just to simplify things on the Mac and keep my office apps consistent.  However, when I investigated Office 2008 further, I noticed it received horrible reviews everywhere.  People were complaining about everything from frequent application crashes to complete "BBOD" (Beach Ball of Death. Apple's version of the infamous MS BSOD.  Yes, it happens to Mac too, although not nearly as frequently as PC).  When I received the software, I seriously debated if I wanted to install it on my iMac.  I took the plunge.  I just assured myself that I would install any available service packs and updates prior to using.  If I encountered any major problems at all, I'd uninstall faster than the speed of light.  Installation was fairly fast and simple. Afterwards, I elected to immediately check for downloads.  It offered to download SP1 (great!) which I accepted.  It then gave a weird error message about not being able to recognize a file (uh-oh).  After clicking "Continue", the update continued and completed within a few minutes.  This leads to my biggest gripe so far, the update system.  The PC version checks your computer and gives you a nice long list of updates that can all be downloaded and installed together, unless they conflict.  The Mac version downloads each update individually and each one required several clicks, selection of target, had me keep typing in my admin password, download, install, re-check, and start all over again for any remaining updates.  Mercifully, I only had four updates.  Imagine if there are a dozen or more!  After my updates completed, I fired up Word first.  I'd read several reports of it taking forever to open.  Not so for me.  It opened quickly (just as fast, or faster, than its 07 counterpart),  and was ready to go. I then typed several documents, used some templates, used some of the features like themes, and pretty much re-created my typical home usage.  Creating, saving, printing, and exiting in word were all problem free.  I even opened documents created in Word 2007 with no problems. I then tried Excel and PowerPoint.  Same thing.  No lag, no noticeable performance hit, no problems.  The interface is once again, dramatically different, but the flow is easy to get accustomed to and not as cryptic as 2007 initially was.  I'm not crazy about yet another new interface to learn for the same program, however, I'm willing to take the dive this time since I know I use office for more than home and never know when I might need to defer to my Mac in a pinch for an important document.  I don't want to be forced to rely on supposed compatibility at a time like that.  I can definitely understand why a lot of power users would be upset at the missing features of 2008 like VB support.  It also doesn't seem as polished and well integrated as Office on PC. The whole update thing for example...Home users who must have Office or are more comfortable with it, should like it. However, for the money, I don't see a world of difference from iWork for casual use.  I really don't know what to say to power users other than the issues with this app are already VERY well documented. There were a lot of performance complaints as well for this suite, however, so far, it is working OK for me.  I will admit, it seems to gobble up WAY more memory than the other apps (just to give you an idea, Activity Monitor reports the following memory usage with the following open apps: Safari: 49MB, iTunes: 58MB, and Word: 167MB. These are all simply open with no active documents,web pages, or music).  Maybe sufficient RAM should be in order before taking the leap.  I have 4GB on a newer dual-core Intel Mac.
I have to hand it to Microsoft for Office 2008's ease of installation. Usually, when I purchase any sort of Microsoft product, I'm stuck dealing with all sorts of ridiculous issues and errors before I even get to try it out. With Office 2008, everything installed without a hitch and I was able to start using it in no time. As far as functionality and features go, this one is hit or miss. I've had no issues with PowerPoint or Word, which are the programs I use the most. Excel, on the other hand, is mysteriously missing features that are integral to the overall usefulness of the program. This is baffling, and there really is no excuse for it. Thankfully in my case, Excel isn't a necessity, but if it's something you'll need to make use of, you might want to reconsider before purchasing Office 2008.
Office 2008 for Mac is a more responsive version of Office compared to all of the Windows versions before 2007; it doesn't feel like bloatware. But, in comparison to Office 2007 for Windows (which took me a little time to get used to so I could go from hating it to loving it as the best version of Office to date), it is not as streamlined or as easy to use.The hard part is that Office 2008 operates in some ways that are similar to to 2007's predecessors, but not similar enough that I don't spend time hunting for the tool I want. And, it is dissimilar enough from the normal Mac software design that I am now used to since I mostly use OS X anymore, that I sometimes feel lost in an application that I have been using for going on 15 years.The irony with this version is that I expected it to be like Office 2007 for Windows; when I first saw Office 2007, I thought they had hired Mac oriented software designers to redesign the interface - especially after I discovered how easy the new interface is to use.For the moment, I am using Office 2008 for all of my legacy, pre-Mac days files. But, I am taking a close look at iWork '09 as a legitimate alternative to the venerable Microsoft Office.
There are a lot of good in-depth reviews already posted.  I personally find Word and Excel to be the most useful programs in the suite. The other programs included are Powerpoint, Entourage, and Messenger for Mac.  I think that the most compelling reason to purchase this product is compatibility with other business and educational users.  Really, Word, Excel, and PDF (Adobe) are some of the most common email attachments I come across.  It's possible to convert files back and forth between formats using other software, but isn't easier to just click and open it right away?  Caveat is that you need to make sure that you are saving documents in a format that older versions of Word will also recognize.
This is a worthy upgrade to previous versions of Mac Office.  The interface is somewhat consistent with the one used in the Wintel version of Office 2007.  You will get all the standard apps that will prove useful for almost all of your everyday tasks (if you want to use Access - go to the Professional version).Note On The Side:  Unless you are using some very high-end features - or are being given this software by your school - you might want to think about investigating OpenOffice 3.x.....the price is right on this software, and you get almost all of the functionality you are likely to use as a student or home user.
Unlike a lot of people, I've always been an admirer of Microsoft products. Granted, they tend to be expensive, overpriced even, but they typically do what they're intended to do with a fair amount of ease. The 2008 version of Office for Mac is more of the same -- the familiar suite of office programs with some spiffed up new features -- only it suffers from the problem that causes many users to loathe Microsoft: instability. The program is generally reliable, but it still had enough problems, including an overall slowness, to be frustrating for me. I like the features, like the ease of use. But overall I kept wishing that the platform was just a little more stable.
Having been a PC user my entire life AND to top it all of being used to the older versions of office, I cannot reccomend this product.  I won't go into the PC vs. Mac debate here, and will simply tell you that this program is not as user friendly to those folks who are used to the older office programs.  Microsoft has tried to dumb down virtually every aspect of the menu in every one of its 2008 programs (word, excel, etc).  This may be great for kids just starting to use these programs, but for professionals looking for absolute clarity, precision, and control (especially in programs like Excel) they are bound to be dissapointed with the new "fluffy" and "pretty" interface!!! Whereas previous versions had drop down menus with clear destinations marked with words, everything now has become a picture, and you're left guessing as to what that picture now means.  Give me a break!  Write down what the function does instead of creating a pretty picture!!!  Again, useless professionaly.  However since this is a "student" edition, I did give it 3 stars since it certainly is much easier for kids to use due to the graphics and the fact that there's MUCH less control over the functionality of each program, reducing it to the basics and fundamentals of what a regular student may need (how many will use macros, right?).If you are buying this for kids: great program.  If you're buying it for home use and are used to the old office programs, I beg you, please go to microsoft's website and look up this program, they will show you screen shots of what it looks like.  If the simplicity of it appeals to you buy it, but be warned that if you require quick access to more complex material associated with each program (I stress Excel here more than anything), you will have LOTS of issues trying to find all the menus and control functions that were easily accessed in previous versions.
Technologically speaking, we have an ecumenical household... Windows Vista on one desk and Mac Panther on the other.  So I thought that upgrading the Mac to Mac Office 2008 would be a cinch.  After all, the results of the Vista/Office 2007 upgrade were so "interesting" why should the Apple side of the house not be offered the same challenge?It installed on the iMac with minimal trouble, but maximum time.  Apparently Microsoft's Macintosh department is as feverishly obsessed with updates and fixes as the Window's side, so just doing the installation is not enough.  You have to wait for the software to install, then check for updates and wait some more while they are downloaded and configured.Truth be told, neither of us is completely thrilled with the more current versions of Office.  The interface seems more convoluted and not nearly as intuitive, but perhaps with time it will become so.  The added functionality with 2008 is good, although not groundbreaking.  All the tools are there (you can read the product description for the details, I don't have to list them here... again).Bottom line, if you want to upgrade your existing Mac, I would suggest that you shop carefully and buy this when it's attractively discounted.  If you just got a new Mac, by all means, get it now.
I'm not a Mac user so here's my father's comments: Pretty good product once he got it running. Not user friendly or intuitive. Seems to have some bugs that freeze it but they seem to have resolved after a few days. Too soon to tell. Has this software been fully tested before marketed?
The main competition of Microsoft Office isiWork '09. If your requirements are not complicated (probably most users) than iWork is less expensive, slimmer, faster, easier to use and far less buggy.I tried the trial version of iWork, that came with my iMac, for 30 days but ended up going for Microsoft Office 2008 for following reasons:1. I use Autocorrect a lot and it is not available in iWork.2. Review options are better with Microsoft Office if multiple users work on the same documents.3. Microsoft Office 2008 is more compatible with Microsoft Office Windows version if you also use Office for Windows or share documents with others usingMicrosoft Office Home and Student 2007.4. I use speech recognition programDragon NaturallySpeaking 10 Preferredat work which integrates better with Microsoft Office (Windows).But there are Mac dictation software titles available too,MacSpeech Dictate&IBM VIAVOICE Advanced 10.0. You may want to check out their integration with iWork. The reason I am sticking to Dragon Naturally Speaking is because of its medical version with medical dictionary.And here is what I don't like about Microsoft Office:1. Very slow to load2. Very bloated, too many complicated features, most of which you will not use anyway.3. No macros in 2008 version.4. Buggy software.I have not used Microsoft Entourage because iCal, Address Book & Mail that come with Mac are more than adequate for my purpose.New Macs come with trial versions of both, iWork & Microsoft Office. Try them both. My conclusion is that if all the feature that you need are available in iWork, then stick with it.
This is my first MS Office for Mac, so I won't be able to make any comparisons between 2004 and this new version. The first thing I noticed about Home/Student versus the full version is that you get 3 licenses with this one, but only one in the full version. What is up with that? Why punish users spending more money on a full product?With so many Apple users apprehensive at best about Microsoft in general, this is not the way to make friends. It's also not as nice as Office 2007 for Windows, lacking many features included in the Windows version, and I can't think of any good reason why. There is no support of Exchange or Sharepoint. I spend a lot of time in Word, and frankly, the number of crashes were inexcusable. Stability got much better with an update, but it doesn't make up for the lost features.This is worth having if cross-compatibility of files is an issue for you, or if you don't want to use Open Office. For the casual user doing average projects, the product delivers, and that's why I'm awarding the three stars-- that, and using Office on a Mac is really a dream come true for me as a writer. Advanced users looking for all the bells and whistles of the Windows version may be disappointed.
Unless you really had a specific problem using the older version, I would probably recommend sticking with it.  While things have been reorganized (sometimes better) and potentially some bug fixes (though also new ones) ... I just find that the entire picture/pretty approach to navigation is really hard to use.  These programs (word and excel especially) have a vast set of complex features ... arranging them to that the user can "progressively discover" the more complex features is fine ... but this whole "dumbed down" approach that has been taken with the new version, for me at least, just makes it really hard to understand how to find anything.
This program takes up almost 1/2 Gig on my drive. It takes a looong time to open.It is very slow to start, and it offers TOO many choices.I want to use it with my PayPal Account, my eBay sales and my other sales, and in some cases, it does a very good job, such as in creating categories, accounts and customer data.BUT it lost an invoice twice already. It was VERY hard to FIND that lost invoice -- and when I printed that invoice (which was a very basic invoice), it truncated.I expect more from Microsoft. That said, I will use this software for just the basics, as it slows me down and is not as user friendly as it should be.
This software is very large in size and takes up too much space on my already crowded system. I had used QuickBooks earlier and found the Office Accounting Professional to have some good features but overall it is cumbersome, slow and not very intuitive in some aspects.I think it is a good solution for a home office but is not robust enough for small business use. However, the integration with MS Office is good and helps transport some of the data more easily. However on the negative side most financial institutions offer better integration and data-porting with Quickbooks so dumping data into MS Accounting Professional becomes that much more difficult.
The Microsoft approach to business software continues to offer a vast array of options, of which the average user will only use 20%.  Office accounting Professional is no exception.  There are a lot of great features here, and they are included in the price even if you never plan to use them.The latest Accounting offering from Microsoft almost anything you'd expect from Peachtree or a similar competitor.  Microsoft was late to this game, but they definitely did their homework.  All of your favorite functions and then some are there.Some of the better functions also require monthly fees.  The integrated eBay and Paypal functions are excellent if you take your selling on eBay seriously.  They also cost pay ten dollars a month to take advantage of, which will take a chunk out of your sales.The main problem with the software, however, is that all those features you aren't going to use are still slowing down the user experience.  The program is big, bloated and slow, like anything from Microsoft.  While competitor programs aren't exactly lightweights either, Accounting Professional just feels too slow for comfort, even on a fast computer.The features, integration with the rest of Office and Windows, and the price may be attractive to many users.  The monthly fees, bloat, and a desire for a more mature product will turn others off. As with any software, try the demo and competitors' demos first.
I tried using this for my home business, but my business is too small for it to be effective.  This product is definitely meant for something with a few employees and more input and output flow than what I do.  I did notice that it took up a lot of the memory and slowed down my boot up considerable, though.So I would recommend this product to someone who has a medium size business from home with an up-to-date computer system that can afford monthly fees to additional services like Paypal.
Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2008 is Microsoft's answer to Quickbooks and Peachtree, two companies that have led in the accounting software sector for a number of years.  Having used Quickbooks in the past (and still do), I looked forward to the opportunity to test Microsoft's software.As my intent was to only test this software, I installed the software onto a spare computer so that I did not have to worry that this software would somehow screw up my Quickbooks files.  As this software was able to import my data from Quickbooks, I copied it over and imported it into OAP08 -- relatively painless.  For the next couple weeks, I entered data into both Quickbooks and OAP08 (tedious, but had to be done!)If you've familiar with MS Outlook, and other Office applications, the interface will seem familiar, which I'd consider a plus.  Integration with other Office applications is also a nice feature.  OAP08 seems geared towards the avid eBay seller with its convenient Paypal integration (costs $$ for monthly subscription -- figures!).  However, these nifty features does not make up for the fact that OAP08 is SLOW.  Admittedly, this spare computer is a bit older...While MOAP08 does the basics well, like many of Microsoft's other products, its not quite there yet.  It may need a few service packs and updates before it performs as well as it should.  That said, Microsoft has a solid performer that I may very well look into again when my Quickbook updates expire.
I haven't used all the features on Office Accounting Pro 2008, but it probably has too many shortcomings for us to integrate it into our office.I'll start with what I believe to be among the strongest assets of this program, which nobody else has mentioned. First, for eBay sellers, it offers an upgrade service ($10 per month) which has amazing auction listing management features. Be aware that this is cheaper than almost all the other subscription-based auction management services, and is just as good - possibly better. Even if you don't use anything else in this suite, this feature alone may make it worthwhile for some users.Also, payroll feature (also an upgrade, $14 per month) is pretty decent. There are some out-of-the-box software programs (no subscription required) which also do this, but the MS system seems very streamlined, and definately cheaper than PayChex. As an HR time-saver for small companies, this is probably a pretty good option.Finally, it has an easy integration for customer/vendor lists, employee records, financial records/accounts, inventory/products, etc.All of that being said, I give a reluctant recommendation for this product. Except for the features listed above, everything else can be found on inexpensive or free open source software. And, typical of most MS softwares, this is bloated and a bit clunky. Admittedly, there are a LOT of features on this that I haven't yet explored. If you're going to use it, I would definitely recommend doing the tutorial, finding a class on how to use it, or taking the time to read a dummies guide on how to use it.
It's clear that with this product Microsoft is trying to make a more serious dent into the accounting market, but I really think they are kind of missing the mark. First, as many Microsoft products these days, it's bloated and slow. Really slow. Even on my pretty new computer. The install is quite daunting and you have to wonder what the heck takes it so much time. Now, I can deal with that if the product itself is worth it, but I'm rather underwhelmed with this one. It's got way too much for the average sole proprietor or small home business like me (Accounting Express is probably a better choice) but it doesn't have what a larger business needs like Quickbooks and Peachtree offer. Some of the features that this shines on, like the PayPal integration, require additional monthly fees, so again, you have to be at a certain level of sales to benefit from them. As others have mentioned, it does seem rather buggy as well, to some degree you might expect that versus very well-used and long-established products but it's annoying nonetheless. One thing to also keep in mind is that a product like Quickbooks is so ubiquitous now that there are HUGE numbers of 3rd party products and APIs that tap into it. It's very easy these days for instance to purchase ecommerce software that will automatically download your web orders and dump them into Quickbooks. Here you are tied to a much more limited amount of options, so something to be aware of.Having said all that, this *does* do the basics well enough and as usual with Microsoft software, it integrates well with the rest of their products. For me however, it's overkill for my needs and still needs some work to be ready for heavy use.
This takes forever to install, and once it's done, takes forever to set up an account.  I can't seem to get anywhere in this product because it constantly crashes; so I realize that I can't write a "correct" review on the product.  The features that it looks like it offers (when it works) seems awesome for your large or small business.  I have it set up for a delivery business with a contract.  Helps to keep track of all sorts of expenses, do payroll checks...  Will wait for the update to fix anything necessary and really get to using it.
I purchased this product to be mainly used for my father's small business. I used Microsoft money and Quickbook and I wanted to try the new Microsoft accoutning software.The Pros:1) Paypal integration2) Can convert Quickbook documentsThe Cons:1) Too slow (in terms of conversion) and often there are missing data2) Too many features (overwhelming)I felt that the bad cons outweighed the good and in this case, I'd give it a 3 star.
I have had trouble installing this with my new Windows Vista system.  I'm not sure that this reflects a problem with the software, or something about my Vista setup.  I will update my review if/when I am able to install successfully.
To be honest I've always been a Photoshop fan. And I wanted to see how CorelDraw compared. Part of the problem (for me) was the learning curve with CorelDraw, especially since I was used to Photoshop. I ultimately found the features not as intuitive as I would have liked and have switched back to Photoshop.
I was so excited about trying this new drawing program since I do a lot of images on my blog.  But imagine my surprise when I opened the box and popped the CD into my hard drive to find out that I need a DVD-Rom drive.  UGH!  Hopefully I'll get one of those soon and try this software which is amazingly packaged.  Like I said, it's probably cool, but I didn't read the fine print requiring the DVD-Rom.  FYI!
I've used past versions of Norton Ghost to do backups and recoveries when they are needed and I have found the software to do what it says it will but it's not the most intuitive product in the world.  Having said that, I think that the older versions were better overall.  The interface was very simple but it seemed to lighten the bells and whistles stuff and stuck to the basics.  I think that with the new interface the product looks nicer but when you try to do too much and release a product too early it can cause problems.  After reading other reviews regarding bugs and problems using the software I will have to say be careful.  The backups that I did worked fine and I didn't have problems but with multiple warnings out there on the web I can't give this more than a 3 star rating.  Ghost will do backups but there's too many warning signs to make this a recommended purchase.***
I brought my pc in for some minor work .While I was there I asked the repairman to install Norton Ghost 14.0.He installed it, though he didn't really trust this updated version.Like others have said it does have it's flaws.I can't recommend it.
Once upon a time, Ghost was a valued part of the sophisticated computer user or, more appropriately, network administrator's toolkit. That was a long time ago before Symantec acquired the product and, in my opinion, pretty much ruined it.The newest version offers the user no features they cannot get in competitive packages, often implemented more effectively.Typical of Symantec products, Ghost 14 is a resource hog and prone to failure - not something you want in a package that supposedly protects you by backing up your files.The interface is poor. Documentation is fair.Performance is okay, but a number of people have complained about restore failures. That is, as you can imagine, one thing you do not want to hear about backup and restore software - that the restore function is problematic or doesn't work.Backup file format seems to be proprietary which is also bothersome. I don't want to be a slave to some publisher's proprietary format.On the whole, I am wary of Ghost these days and prefer other products which are equally or better featured, less expensive, have better reputations and seem to be more reliable.Jerry
Until updates are distributed, this version of the software will not see the light of the laser on the DVD drive of my primary computer.  I have a NVIDIA graphics card... I have Norton 360.2 security...I have a Western Digital HD... I have Vista Ultimate...I have paranoia.  But not nearly so much that I will willingly and intentionally play hopscotch in a mine field. The readme file for this version includes 5 pages of known issues including a final page highlighting incorporated third party applications that do not include Vista manifests.  Another page lists known issues with uninstallation.  Generally, I like Norton 360 but there are a few compromises in the back-up capabilities of the product that I thought I could circumvent with Ghost 14.  Not going to happen until LiveUpdate delivers some critical patches, and BTW, LiveUpdate is one of the requisite features of this installation that may complicate subsequent  removal.Anyway, the installation procedure is reasonably benign excluding the infuriating consistency of Symantec products failing to recognize each other. LiveUpdate was already running in the background, resulting in a system freeze when this install attempted to initiate a second occurrence. After a re-boot, the display went to black and I had to power off/on again and startup took more than 10 minutes.  Driver validation started automatically at the outset of the install and apparently was without incident since warning messages or prompts were not evident. I was testing on an 8 year old CPU without a writeable CD drive so I could not create a recovery disk locally and attempting to create one across the network on my other machine is another step I refuse to take.Backwards compatibility is not a utility that I think manufacturers should be obliged to warrant or necessarily include in new versions of software but if it is so represented the software should exceed marginal functionality. Ghost can be installed on an XP CPU with 256mb Ram but it is not much of an asset.  Use of the Symantec recovery disk requires at least 512MB and LightsOut restore, 1GB.  I was able to create image and incremental backups to a networked HD but it took nearly two hours for each one. If I remain fortunate, I will never know if any level recovery is possible, but I really don't know if my home insurer is bonafide either. ThreatCon is another new feature that triggers initiation of a back-up whenever a pre-specified threat level is detected while surfing the internet. So far as I can determine, this is Symantec's version of cybernet Homeland Security.On the plus side, at least there is a physical user's guide...
Let me preface this review by saying (1) I am wary of Norton products because I have found them to be a lot of bloatware (such as their anti virus and utilities programs which over the years became increasingly poor in quality) and (2) I was wary of trying Ghost because of the other reviews I read.So why did I try it?  Because it came free with Amazon Vine and I needed a backup program.The program itself was easy enough to install on Windows XP.  It was also simple to schedule a backup; you can choose to back up your entire drive, selected portions that are already listed (such as MyDocuments) or you can browse and select what you want to back up.The backup function seems to work fine.  I have not tried to restore any backed up files yet, however. I am assuming they have been properly backed up on an external drive.As for the other features of this software, I did not use any of them because of the other reviews and my fear of something going awry.  When I used to use Norton Utilities and Anti-Virus, they caused my computer to slow to a crawl because of all the unnecessary things they do automatically, trying to be overly helpful and fancy. That is what this version of Ghost seems to be, also - too fancy.All I wanted was a basic backup program that runs on a user-defined schedule and backs up user-defined files.  This software fits the bit for those needs.  It is not worth the steep price, however.
In this digital age you would think that everyone would know the value of a good backup -- unfortunately, for most of us we don't realize what electronic assets we have on our hard drives and computers until they are gone.  Backing up is one of the "chores" that many home users simply don't do.  The problem isn't that people don't recognize the danger, they simply don't want to take the time and effort.  People want something simple and easy -- Norton Ghost, unfortunately, doesn't quite fit into this category.Norton Ghost is an Enteprise-level product that has been brought to the consumer market.  THe idea behind it is that you take ghost images of your hard drives and then can restore them anywhere -- even move them to a new computer.  Unfortunately, while this gives you SOME protection, it is not an ideal way for you to be backing up your system on a daily basis.  You'll only be able to restore to that point-in-time ghost image, which could be months out of date, should the need arise.On the other hand, the one area where Norton Ghost shines is in its ability to help move physical machines to virtual machines through its ability to convert the ghost images to VMWare disk images.  For companies and individuals who are getting onto the virtualization bandwagon, they will find Norton Ghost a treat and much better than P2V provided by VMWare.In short, it's a so-so backup program and an A+ VMWare conversion program.  I honestly think Symantec would sell more copies marketing for VMWare than for backups.
I consider myself has having average computer skills.  In the early 90's I used to regard an afternoon chasing an IRQ conflict as good fun.  Half the fun of new peripheral was the weekend spent getting it to play nice with Windows 3.11.  But there comes a point---I installed Norton Ghost 14 (I had in the past used Non-Symantic ghostto transfer a drive image and an earlier version-- much earlierversion-- of Norton Ghost to back up a work computer-- I think Iprobably still have a 25 CD backup set somewhere although the computeris long gone.  Recently however, I have been backing up the essentialfiles on my computers to a partition on a 500 GB hard drive, scheduledto synchronize in the wee hours of the morning.  However, I have alwaysbeen a belt and suspenders sort of person when it comes to my data.When I first installed Ghost it let me know at once that I had aproblem with my RAM.  Instead of the 518 MB I had last week, itdetected 448 MB. A quick check of my system shows that Ghost wascorrect although there apparently is a bug that can cause the RAM toshow less.  I think that probably having the minum RAM necessary is abad idea.  It allowed me to complete the install but warned me thatcertain resources may not work due to the RAM issue.I then ran the driver validation and discovered that two of my driverswere not available in the Symantic, one was a USB Linksys Wireless-GUSB network adapter.  The second was a Packet Scheduler Miniport.Neither essential to getting a computer up and running after a disasterso I save the log as text file to deal with later.I'm not going through all of the various parts of the program becausethere are a lot of features, but I would urge everyone who buys this tocheck the Read.me file for known bugs and conflicts.UPDATE:  Had I only known then what I know now-- some weeks and one hard drive format later I have to say that I think I was too sanguine about this program. My computer began to act up with mysterious slow downs and  restarts.  I run pretty good antivirus, spyware and malware protection , in addition to using Firefox with No Script (Java, Active X, and Flash off).  However, I began to worry that something might have got through and infected my machine, so I took it for a look-see. They couldn't figure it out-- or didn't want to spend much time figuring it out so I just had them reformat my harddrive-- just shoot me next time I let someone else work on my computer.Luckily I had my second back up so I was able to save most of my important files because Norton Ghost 14.0 sure didn't restore.
Billed as an "all in one solution", Norton 360 version 2.0 is the latest version of the security software by Norton.  The program was easy to load and has very user friendly instructions for setting up the automated protection processes.  This software is a cost saver as it allows you to protect up to 3 computers with a single license.  I've used it on my desktop which runs Windows SP.While the constant monitoring can slow down your computer, like other programs it can be set to run at convenient times.  However, that makes it not much greater in its effectiveness than other programs and thus an average security program that catches most things, but misses some others.
The good news about this suite is that it's very comprehensive, the bad news is that it's pretty slow and can be a pain to configure and install.Everybody needs virus protection and a firewall., and Norton is a trusted name that's been around for a long time. I uninstalled some other virus protection software I had which had been very buggy. Norton gave me a full suite of tools for protection.I don't use their backup software - option for other speedier software. I also don't use their identity management features. That makes for at least two features I have paid for but won't use.I do like the fact that the license covers 3 computers - as many families have more than one.I also like the feature that warns you when connecting to an unsecured wireless network. I think this will be the new wave of exploits that hackers use to steal ids. Log into a network on your laptop at a coffee shop or teh airport, and have a hacker record all your network traffic.
In theory, 360 2.0 is a comprehensive all-in-one security package that frees the user from the need to remain cognizant of maintenance needs, especially if one has multiple PCs to be serviced, and for newer units with mid to upper range capability that is the case.After months of ambivalence (and waiting for the supposed automatic offer), I decided to upgrade from version 1.0 to 2.0 on three computers: One desktop with 4 GB of memory with Vista Ultimate, a laptop with Vista home premium and 2GB memory, and an 8 yearold but highly reliable CPU with only 256MB memory. Version 1.0 ran adequately on the first two units and from all appearances this version 2.0 is not as resource intensive as the earlier version however, LiveUpdate remains an annoyance.Similarly to version 1.0, it appears the only other Norton product that is compatible with 360 is Norton Ghost.In the case of the older unit, performance of Norton 360  was consistently problematic so I was not surprised to encounter difficulties with the upgrade however I had no inkling of the extent of encumbrances I would face in what from a cursory view appeared to be a rather benign installation.Like security suites offered by other vendors version 2.0 includes virus protection (unfortunately still updated via LiveUpdate whereas NIS 2009 is migrating to real time updating) firewall, spyware and intrusion protection, email scanning, parental controls and anti-spam filtering. The latter mentioned features are available as add-on packs accessible from Symantec's website. This version also enhances network monitoring capabilities and expands supported media for backups. Curiously, and incongruently, while network attached storage devices like theNetgear RND2150 ReadyNAS Duo 500 GB Desktop Network Attached Storageare discovered by network monitoring, automatic backup to the same device is not supported. It should also be noted the only qualitative difference I can see between the standard version and the premier version of 2.0 is the increased online secure backup storage of  10GB in the case of the premier edition. Standard edition availability is 2GB and in my opinion neither is sufficient. As an all in one product, some compromises in user control could be anticipated however it would have been an advantage if the user was offered the capability to backup individual files rather than continuing the limitation to classes of folders. Essentially, while backup to ipods is intriguing, I see little advantage to employing this backup facility over the functionality existent in both XP and Vista operating systems.The network monitoring feature is beneficial but is flawed to the extent multiple devices connected to a single access point  like theNETGEAR HD/Gaming 5 GHz Wireless-N Networking Kit (WNHDEB111)are not individually distinguishable. Only the mac address of the access point is identified therefore from my primary computer I cannot fully monitor a second PC or my NAS.This version also includes registry cleaning as a component of the PC tune-up facility and "identity safe security" of personal information like social security, bank account and credit card numbers. The phishing filter is an improvement over version 1.0 however it still lacks the comprehensiveness ofMcAfee Site Advisor Plus 2009 1-Userin as much as it does not offer advice search engine results. Significantly, the phishing filter does not work with Safari or Google chrome.And then there was the upgrade on my older PC...In spite of Norton's representations, I would not recommend installation on any PC that meets only minimum system requirements. At every step, I encountered difficulties that severely constrained the process and after 24 man hours devoted to installation the process is still incomplete.First and foremost, upgrade is not automatic. Although 360 offers three PC licensing, I could not download the upgrade via my existing account. Only after email inquiry was I provided  an address that facilitated download to my second and third PCs. In the instance of my oldest unit I made the mistake of running the recommended system scan before installation. It occurred to me as well, this does not generate a great deal of confidence in Norton if in fact one is upgrading or replacing an existing Norton anti-virus program. I received a message indicating this version was incompatible with Windows Defender so I had to remove that program before proceeding. I did not pre-scan with the other two PCs and no compatibility issues were identified nor I have experienced any since the upgrade or have I ever encountered issues in the two years I used 360 version 1.0.Although during install procedure on my first computer I was advised existing add-on packs should be backed up using another program that must be downloaded from the Norton site, the same message was not received for either of the later installs and the add-on pack itself appeared on my desktop upon completion of the preliminary stages, but I get ahead of myself. The install aborted three times because LiveUpdate was running in the background and could not be terminated even manually via msconfig or the task manager. When I finally managed to disable it, I later discovered another version initiated by Norton Ghost could not be removed, so I had to uninstall Ghost before proceeding. Degradation of system performance was clearly evident as at least five hard stops were required and in each case the difference in boot times was visually perceptible without Norton running. Eventually, the install was completed but start up would not progress past the call to explorer.exe which was visible but the desktop icons were never painted...another hard stop via task manager and restart.Finally, the configuration wizard appeared and I was able to setup the program...only to discover Norton had identified un-removable cookies,an un-repairable virus and my virus definitions from version 1.0 had not updated via LiveUpdate for more than 8 months. Following program instructions to contact online support for more information, I reached site catch 22 as the more information could not be gleaned until I defined the problem inhibiting installation...After removing the cookies with spybot and determining the virus was most likely Norton Ghost LiveUpdate, and  running a new version of LiveUpdate for more than two hours to acquire all of the missed updates, I received an email from support advising I should download a software removal tool to wipe out any residue programs, which of course would also wipe out my latest install and render 14 hours of effort pointless.So now, I have version 2.0 installed and running with significantly greater degradation than version 1.0 as it applies to response time for Explorer or Firefox so I'm using Safari as the default browser and it performs with blazing speed even on this under resourced box with Norton installed. Of course...my install of Microsoft Office suite has been damaged so I have time to type this on another computer while I wait for the re-install to finish...
I originally had thought this was going to be a poor product based on all of the bad reviews written here and on my past experiences with some other Norton products. It has actually turned out to be a very good product for me. I installed it on the family PC running XP SP2. It was easy to install and I did not encounter any problems at all. The program has worked wonderfully now for a couple of weeks. It removed several spyware programs and has tuned up the computer quite well. I had AT&T's internet suite before this and was not happy with it. This seems to be doing a better job because my computer now seems to run faster and smoother. I will update this review again after a month of using it. So far I like it.
After reading up on all the newest 'all in one' security options, Norton 360 seemed to fit my needs perfectly.I have a security solution I'm happy with on my own systems, but Mom was buying a new computer, and I needed something that would protect her without tons of notifications or any actions on her part - Norton 360 seemed to do the most with the least user input.Before installing it on Mom's computer, I went ahead and loaded it on my own.  It's an easy install, but did require removal of Windows Defender.After registering the product (you've got to have Internet access to register and use Norton 360 after a few weeks, but most programs require that these days), I was pleasantly surprised to see how easy the program is to work with.The interface is basic, but a multitude options are there if you want them - or you can just choose to set up the whole shebang the way Norton recommends.One thing I saw that seemed really great was the option to have Norton shut down the computer after performing certain scans and processes - this seemed perfect, except for the fact that one of the Norton operating processes 'ccsvchost' would not shut down normally.  This meant that after leaving the computer to 'do its thing' overnight, I went in the next morning to find the 'end program' dialog for ccsvchost being permanently burned onto my screen.  Not cool.I found that on both of my home computers, ccsvchost would hang up about half the time when shutting down the system.  Not very 'mom-friendly' in my book!Another issue I have with the program (and most other 'all in one' security programs) is their size.  I wasn't surprised when Norton 360 went from a manageable virtual memory usage of 92,704k to 120,000k - but then when it started jumping to 420,000k regularly, I knew it was time to dump Norton on my own computers and head back to good old Avira.The following week, I took Norton 360 to Mom's.  I installed it on her new computer, then also installed on an old extremely virus laden unit that my Dad had.  I was hoping to see some serious virus assassination going on, but for some reason Norton 360 only picked up a single cookie and nothing more.  I then ran Spybot, which found 2 viruses.I'll leave Norton 360 on Mom's computer, mainly for it's low-key approach to user input and it's password protection abilities than anything else.If a complete computer newbie were looking for an all-around protection option for a low price, I think Norton 360 will work for them.  But for users with just a bit more computer savvy, I believe there's much better options available.
My subscription to McAfee ran out on my laptop, so I thought I would give this product a try.Installation was simple.  It took ten minutes to uninstall McAfee and install Norton 360.  I was annoyed that it appeared that I was required to register this product.  I had already entered my product key.  I think that should have been enough.  One of the reasons I want anti-virus software is for privacy.  Why should I have to give Norton my email address and name?  I just want to protect my computer.After installing this product, I scanned my 120gig laptop hard drive (100 gigs full).  The scanning process took approximately 10 minutes.  I was impressed that it took so little time to scan, but also worried that the scan was not thorough.  The scan yielded two warnings about tracking cookies.  It showed me the list of tracking cookies so I could review them and then I chose to delete the cookies.  Removing the cookies was very simple.Then, I tried out the 2 gigs of free storage space.  The software did a scan and located important files.  Then, I was given a chance to select with categories of files I wanted to back up.  Next to each category was a check box.  The category name was a hyperlink.  When I clicked the hyperlink, it immediately began uploading the files.  I thought that by clicking the link, I would have been given the option to see which files were going to be uploaded.  I tried clicking cancel and closing Norton to no avail.  My system locked up and hung for several minutes.  During this time trying to close Norton via the task list would not work nor would control/alt/delete work.  I even tried holding down my laptop's power button, but it still wouldn't turn off.  I was going to have to remove the battery to get my laptop to turn off, but I gave it another few minutes and eventually the Norton closed on its own.In general, this program seems to run quietly in the background.  I get far fewer warning pop-ups with Norton than with McAfee.  It's also nice to know I can scan files I download before installing the files.None of the anti-virus software I have used over the years has been perfect.  Norton seems to be about average.
This product is clearly intended for those computer owners who want a familiar brand name and easy set up.  That's not the best way to handle computer security but it is better than nothing.I installed this on a custom built computer which had just had its hard drive reformatted after a run in with another Norton product-- yes, I am a glutton for punishment, thank you.  It is running home edition XP, open office suite and very little else.Installation was easy.  It did slow things down although it was supposed to stop running when the computer was in use and pick up when it is idle. I didn't find all that much else to complain about but I didn't find anythng to rave about either.So if you want something that will reasonably keep your computer safe as long as you download updates, that also contains a backup application and a PC tune up feature then this may be what you are looking for.
I have had no success installing this on my home PC which is a little better than the stated minimum requirements. I have a 1.8GHz Pentium processor with 512MB of RAM, a 200GB hard drive with 100GB available. Still I couldn't install on my PC. It would just hang during the installation process.I'm now waiting to get a better PC before I can really try this out, but I'm already disappointed!
After reading other comments and doing some research I decided not to try installing this over my XP program.  It just sounded like I was going to have problems that I'm not competent enough to deal with.I know the program works great factory installed, I've seen it and used it on a computer at work.
Once you get the box the disks come in open -- which might prove to be a challenge in itself -- Vista can be a challenge for inexperienced users to install over an exiting operating system. I got it to work eventually, but it took some doing. Once it was up and running, the software worked okay, although it has its shares of annoying quirks. (But all OS do.)Vista has been a controversial OS ever since its release. The long and short of it is: is this an improvement over Windows XP? And in my opinion, it is not. It consumes more resources than XP -- and so will likely slow most users' systems down -- but offers no substantial improvements.As of right now, I don't see any reason to recommend that users upgrade if they're already running XP.
For having taken Microsoft over 5 years to build since XP, Vista has surprisingly little to offer that XP can't do with a few tweaks.  There are a handful of useful new features, and Aero Glass is certainly attractive (if it works on your machine, it doesn't for many).  But most of these, even the eye candy, are unnecessary and can be added to XP if you want them that badly.I'm reminded of the "upgrade" from Windows 98 to the ill-fated Windows Me.  Windows 98 was a "perfect" OS for its time, and while Windows Me was meant to bring exciting new features, what it really brought was a myriad of bugs, and actually took away features from Windows 98, which some die-hards still use.  Although Vista is much more different from XP than Me was from 98, the situation is similar.  There are no absolute must have features in Vista, but there are plenty of bugs, incompatibilities, and upgrade nightmares.When it comes to upgrading by installing over your old operating system, my advice is this: don't.  Move all your data off your hard drive, wipe it, and do a clean install of Vista, or don't upgrade at all.  With today's complicated operating systems, installing over your old OS is bound to be a hassle.  Even if it does work correctly, your system still won't be as fast, and will have a lot of junk left over on your hard drive from your old operating system.  A clean install is always best.This brings me to my final problem with Vista: performance.  Despite its lack of hot new features, it does consume vastly larger amounts of resources than XP.  Your old machine may not be able to handle it, and even if it can, it will still be much slower than if you keep using your old operating system.  The best approach to buying Vista is to just buy a new machine with it preinstalled.  It's not like you have the choice anyway, most new computers give you Vista whether you want it or not.Overall Vista is okay, but not worth buying if you're happy with XP.  As always, do your research and be ready for a big hassle if you choose to upgrade.
The title for this review is taken from that old joke about what are the three greatest lies every told.... one being, "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help you."  Quite frankly, after a week of working with the nuances and demons, along with some of the neat stuff, of Vista, I find myself less apt to recommend this version of Vista (Home Premium with Service Pack 1 (SP1)) than I was even three days ago.  But, I'm getting ahead of myself.By now, Vista is over a year old, and Microsoft has just issued its last Service Pack (SP3) for XP, and support for Windows XP with Service Pack 3, according to Microsoft's support page, ends 12 months past the 3/30/2008 release date for regular folks like you and me (developers and businesses get 24 months of support).Of all the Operating Systems (O/S) introduced by Microsoft, Vista has been dissed more than any other, at least to my memory.  Vista has really felt a terrible backlash from the business community, namely because it requires at least 1 GB of RAM to run and 15 GB's of disk space to install (versus 128MB of RAM and 1.5 GB of disk space needed for XP Professional to operate).  This coupled with most businesses feeling that Vista doesn't have enough improvements to warrant an upgrade has even lead to many businesses balking at even buying computers with Vista installed on them.  You may remember how Dell had to go back and start re-offering XP on the computers after they fazed it out after Vista has been on the market about six months because of new computer sales dropping because of Vista.But, what about Vista, and especially this edition with Service Pack 1 included.  I mean, in the computer world, unless you are part of the 7% who have a Mac, you are more likely married to Microsoft's products, O/S's and programs, whether you like them or not.  And speaking of the Mac, Windows really shouldn't try to imitate a Mac unless it can actually pull it off, e.g. "Switch Between Windows" is a poor imitation of "Coverflow" because it doesn't keep the file view.  Instead you have to activate it each time you use it.This version of Vista with SP1 fixes over 300 bugs that were in the initial program. Is it better than say a computer with XP or even a computer that was upgraded to Vista from Windows XP?  Having upgraded a computer from XP Media to Vista Home Premium, and Having installed Vista Home Premium with XP on a computer that was "Vista Ready" and had its hard drive stripped, I've got to tell you, I had less problems when I stripped everything off the computer, no matter if it was "Vista Ready," or not, and reinstalled my programs.So, what were the issues I found:1)  When Microsoft says that Vista has more security protections built in it for the computer user, what they are not telling you is that Vista has more security protections built in it for Microsoft than XP did.  In the upgrade from XP, there were two instances of Microsoft programs having to be re-registered because of the requirements of Vista, and in one of those instances, "Streets and Trips," I was told my re-registration could not be allowed because the product was already registered on another computer, which actually was the same computer, but with XP (BTW, Microsoft Encarta had to be reinstalled and Microsoft Office 2007 had to be repaired).This wasn't a problem totally unique to Microsoft programs because when I went to listen to a song that I had purchased on iTunes several months ago, it told me that the song was now registered to play on four computers and I could register it to play on only one more computer (and this was a song that I originally bought on this same computer and had only copied it over to one other computer).2)  "My Documents," that file that Microsoft forced on folks back in the Windows 98, or was it Windows 95, days, was dropped with Vista and "Documents" was now used.  For programs that saved to a file in "My Documents," like Quicken, you couldn't open the file when you started Quicken because Quicken was looking for the file under "My Documents," and "My Documents no longer existed  Well, one time I could. The rest of the time, I couldn't.  I found myself going to the Quicken file under "Documents," and double clicking on it.  Then, Quicken would open up to deal with this file from "Documents."  At that point, I saved it, and everything was hunky-dory.3)  Vista decided to use "Windows XPS Document Writer" as my default printer.  After deleting this printer, which did not exist, I set as the default printer a laser printer; however, twice I have had to reset it as the default printer because Vista has reset as my default printer an inkjet printer, that costs more to operate.4)  If you have an HP networked printer, and quite frankly, I think this might be a problem for all printers that are networked, after I installed Vista Home Premium with SP1 I started having printers being removed (uninstalled) on their own.  I never had this problem with XP, and in researching the issue at HP, I found that HP has a small (838K) patch that fixes this.  Be sure to install this before you install Vista, and if you suddenly have the problem again, reinstall the patch.I could go on-and-on about what I went through in installing Vista Home Premium with Service Pack 1, but I think you get the point already.I do believe that it is a good O/S, and that it is not just a Band-Aide for another year or two, like Microsoft Me was, so you have better get used to it.  I would do the following before installing it:1)  Get an external hard drive and save your pictures, documents, etc., to it.2)  Make sure you have at least 2 GB of RAM.  BTW, many computers say that you can have more RAM, say 4 GB to 8 GB, and I've always thought more was better; however, Vista can only use 3.3 GB of RAM in Vistas 32-bit version, so save your money on getting more than 2GB's, unless there is a way for you to install 3 GB's.Reformat your drive and begin with everything fresh on your computer.  While loading Vista is a four-hour job in itself, you will save you a lot of frustration by reloading everything else fresh.  Before beginning this, though, go to your printer's web site and download the Vista version of the printer's software.One other tip I might add is to turn-off the user account control until you get everything running smoothly on your computer.  If you don't, it will be asking you every time you do something if this is something you really want to do.Finally, the age old question is this... Would you install Vista Home Premium with SP 1 now?  No...  I would wait until they came-out with SP2 or get it pre-installed on a new computer.  Because of this, I gave Vista with SP1 only 3 stars because I like the product.... I just do not like the hassle I went through after installing it. (I will try to upload some pictures that show the type of issues I came across).
Vista wasn't a mature product at release. The service pack doesn't make it worse but doesn't improve that much either.  Seeing as MS is rushing to the next generation of its OS and businesses are sticking with XP the only reason to upgrade is for a slight graphical improvement with some games.  Not really worth it unless its coming with a new computer.
As I noted in the title for this review I am unable to think of a reason why someone would "upgrade" from WinXP to Vista Home Premium.  I'm not sure I'd even call it an upgrade in the sense that there is no truly new and useful functionality in this edition.  This is in stark contrast to Vista Ultimate which DOES have many new features that make it a worthwhile upgrade.However, this review isn't about Vista Ultimate--it is about Home Premium.  I would like to warn people that trying to do an upgrade install from XP to any version of Vista is, in my experience, almost guaranteed to fail.  I have even tried doing a brand new clean install of XP and then run the Vista advisor and finally install Vista as an upgrade.  I have not been able to get it to work.  So if you buy this I think it is wise to plan to do a "clean" install (this means you lose all your programs and settings so you'd need a thorough backup of your data).In summary, I'm hard pressed to come up with a reason why someone running a stable WinXP system would want Vista Home Premium.  Having said that I do think it is a competent operating system and IF it is on a Vista Certified system then I think it is fine.  Nothing in my experience with Vista would cause me to want to "downgrade" from a stable Vista install to XP.PLEASE NOTE: The most important thing I may be able to say here is that Remote Desktop is crippled in this version of Vista.  You can remote OUT to other computers but you cannot remote IN to a PC running Vista Home Premium.  To get Remote Desktop that is fully functional you have to get the Business or Ultimate edition.
I just updated to Vista from Windows XP.  I find XP easier to navigate, but perhaps it`s because I`ve had years of experience with XP and have only recently been introduced to Vista.  I am sure I will get more comfortable with Vista in time.Vista does run very smoothly and I love the desktop sidebar, to which we can add numerous little gadgets, like a clock, calendar, weather reports.  So handy.  I wonder why they didn't think of that earlier.  I had been desperately searching for such features for my XP before running into it on Vista.My only complaint about it is the compatibility issues I'm having with a few things.  I am sure that eventually, this will cease to be a problem.  I cannot install my Palm desktop to sync my Palm T/X.  I cannot use my American Greetings subscription to print out cards.  I cannot install the XACTI camcorder software.  It's frustrating, because it seems like everything can run on XP.Not everyone wants or needs to use parental controls, but I happen to like them.  I finally have controls not just on browsing, but on the whole computer experience, down to how much time is allowed on the computer, what age rated games may be played, which websites can be visited.I tried out Windows Movie Maker and it is very nice, but my camcorder records in mp4 format; and Windows Movie Maker doesn't support that.  Wish it would.  I rather like what I saw.  Movie making is quick and easy, easier than my Cyberlink DVD Suite.Overall, Windows Vista is easy to use and has some terrific new features, like parental controls and the sidebar, but some compatibility issues still need to be worked out.  The Movie Maker has potential; but I just can't use it easily, because it doesn't support mp4 files.  I recommend waiting, if you are buying Vista as an upgrade.  As part of a new computer package, it's fine, but I'd wait for the issues to be resolved, if paying for just the operating system.
First a disclaimer. I am NOT what one would classify as a true computer geek. Indeed, while there are many who would (probably) gladly testify to my geekhood, they would chortle(yes, people do still chortle) at it involving anything so complex. Thus, the three-star rating above: I am reluctant to grade this product any lower, since those with far more knowledge than I might be able to draw great benefit from it. Conversely, I cannot in all conscience rate it any higher since I found it to be of, at best, "limited" service (o.k., I removed it from my hard drive as soon as I could!) I have a theory that Microsoft, along with most other companies both in electronics or anywhere else, releases new products periodically whether there is any need for them or not. Further, they will release even an inferior product (to replace a better one) JUST to say they did!... and make a few (million) bucks. This, alas, seems to be the case with Vista. Not only is it not, in any meaningful way, BETTER tha XP, it doesn't even begin to approach it! One final note (Amazon, turn your head, this could cost you money... although I think you'll survive). The list price for this system is over $200. One can go online and buy a completely new computer that includes this OS (whether you want it or not) for under $500! Something seems wrong somewhere, no?
Once you get the box the disks come in open -- which might prove to be a challenge in itself -- Vista can be a challenge for inexperienced users to install over an exiting operating system. I got it to work eventually, but it took some doing. Once it was up and running, the software worked okay, although it has its shares of annoying quirks. (But all OS do.)Vista has been a controversial OS ever since its release. The long and short of it is: is this an improvement over Windows XP? And in my opinion, it is not. It consumes more resources than XP -- and so will likely slow most users' systems down -- but offers no substantial improvements.As of right now, I don't see any reason to recommend that users upgrade if they're already running XP. The advantage to Vista Ultimate over the Home version of the software is that it has some additional features. But it's still not enough to make me advocate making the change.
This is good if you are buying a new system but I think for an older system with under 2 gig of ram you would be better off with XP. I don't feel there is enough improvements to switch from xp since there are still hardware conflicts and if you don't have 2 gig of ram you either have to turn off some of the aero and it will still slow your system.I went back to xp since I don't want to buy new hardware or wait for them to fix the conflicts.I would only recommend this for a new system since the manufacturer will make sure it is fully compatable.If you decide to switch to vista run the upgrade advisor then do a complete and clean install and not an upgrade.the interface is pretty but I prefer functionality over pretty so I will stick to xp.
Oh the downside of Amazon Vine -- the need to select products quickly, before you really have a chance to find out whether they'll be good for you.  So I can't really review this product, other than to set forth the reasons why, after I did a ton of research after I requested this, I decided to stick with XP.1.  Cnet.com did a detailed analysis of the differences between Vista and XP and found them dead even overall.  Vista had some nifty little interfaces with the internet and some multimedia improvements, but didn't improve on speed or any of the applications I use most frequently (word processing, email and web browsing).2. A web search revealed that numerous people have had problems with upgrading and I didn't want to uninstall XP and all related programs so I could do a fresh installation.  Everything I have works with XP and is configured for it.3. My computer is not new.  Vista apparently works best with newer computers.4. Comparisons to ME, the worst OS Microsoft ever released.  Fool me once...5. Too many reported problems, and even the people who like Vista reported that it wasn't much better than XP.So, in short, lots of potential downside with insufficient upside to make up for the risk.  If I get a new computer anytime soon, I will load Vista, but for now, I'll stick with XP.Sorry that this wasn't more helpful!
This version IS one of the versions of Vista that can be virtualised, according to Microsoft's EULA, which is an important consideration for the Mac user who wants to have a legitimate Windows partition.  In addition, it is compatible with current versions of the excellentParallels Desktop 3.0 for Mac (Intel Mac).I had planned to install this on the Windows partition of Parallels my MacBook is using, but after doing a bit of research (including reading the various reviews here on Amazon), I realized that a Windows partition upgrade would require me to upgrade my virtualization software, and possibly, my hardware. I've decided to stay with my older (but very stable) XP partition for the handful of applications I use in Windows.
The most important thing you have to remember to do, is thoroughly investigate the compatibility of your system.  Don't just do the online checklists, call your computer manufacturer before you buy ANY Vista OS.  Find out what you can handle or what you need to do to handle it.With that said, this software is not ready to be released. Yet, here it is.I was on the phone with Dell (don't get me started) three times before I installed this.  Basically needing to upgrade my not so old laptop.  I bought higher memory and made room for what was about to invade my system.A couple migraines later (seriously), it's up and running... I think.  I am liking the features and understand the new environment, but there are so many limitations and compatibility issues, I'm just not pleased.  Update after update, and things you used to use are gone, and arrrgh.  I am noticing after longer periods of use that it really slows down.  The resources are being sucked up and my remedy has been to simply restart the computer.I'm giving it more time, and hope I will adjust.  But, I would think this is best to be pre-installed with a new computer and not to replace an OS on your current one.
I would like to start this review by encouraging you to run the Windows Vista Upgrade Advisor.  I'm not going to paste a link because links change but you can find the tool very easily on the Microsoft website.  That tool will tell you, up front, if Vista is going to give you problems.  You would do yourself a great service by NOT skipping that step.In my case the upgrade advisor told me that I'd lose several things and most of them didn't matter much to me.  My Adobe Acrobat Professional 6.0 is now useless and I was warned that it would be.  I was also warned that my video card was not fully supported and it isn't.  It works but I can't change the resolution.  When I ran the Advisor on my desktop it told me I'd lose Nero 6.0 and that was a deal-breaker (so I put it on my laptop).My laptop has a 1.5 ghz single core processor, 1gig of RAM, and an 80gig hard drive.  My install of Vista was done as an upgrade and it managed to do the upgrade without any intervention from me at all (that made me very happy, I started it and went to bed--it was done in the morning).  The very first thing I noticed was that Vista has a very pretty interface and I immediately turned that off because that just slows the computer.  The next thing I did was begin stress-testing.  I opened up lots of programs and ran a virus scan and got some torrents running, etc.  So far the only major thing broken is that my Nortel VPN client will no longer connect to the server at work (even after upgrading to the Vista-compatible client).  The only minor glitch I encountered was that one of the folders that Azureus wanted was marked as 'read only' so I had to fix that.  Aside from that everything worked fine (except Acrobat 6.0 but I was warned about that up-front).The next thing I did was look for things that this OS has that XP doesn't have (that is the whole reason to do an upgrade right?)  One thing that looked promising was the drive encryption but you need a special chip on your motherboard to use it and I don't have it.  That was really the only thing that specifically interested me and I can't even use it.  Vista does have some very nice improvements in security and that is great because it will help prevent people from getting viruses.Overall I would say that Vista has the "feel" of a Windows XP service pack.  I don't think it has slowed down my computer at all and if anything I think it works a little faster under stress.  It WILL break some old legacy soft/hardware and that is why you really need to go to Microsoft's website and run Windows Vista Upgrade Advisor.  If you get a clean bill of health from the advisor I don't see any reason why you shouldn't upgrade though I'm also not sure why you should.
For testing purposes I used a 500 Gig Maxtor Drive in a Dimension 8200 Machine.I had a very straightforward install on to a large Disk that had no special preparation at all.As you install some of the default choices are not immediately self evident, especially if you aim to customise the install.But if you aim to divert from the defaults, be certain to have the drivers for whatever you wish to change, on a CD or DVD, or whatever your secondary drive has as its media.Many compulsory features can be annoying if you ultimately wish to have security to be governed by NIS ( Norton Internet Security).The prime issues with some computers and Vista Ultimate  will be drivers, however Ultimate has some programs that clash with the Hardware ( such as the Vista Ultimate DVD Burner, which demands a high level of Card Settings).The Media Center is, on one level, good, but annoying  in the extreme because of its crayoloa mentality with Media Playing.The Giddying wall of so-called security in this OS is either phenomenally good from a security standpoint or extremely annoying.Just trying to stabilise this OS after the initial install provides a major task, and this is when they have done a severe Service pack repair.On the System I used to test this OS, the Audigy card  worked well 5.1 sound in XP Pro, however the Creative Vista Driver is Fabulous, but more than a tad quirky.The Backdrop on the desktop dovetails with the sidebar. In the tests I have there is an analogue clock, headlines, and slide show, that matches the feel of the main desktop picture.The Welcome Center is the Key guide to getting to know the system, and also to navigating the system.Protected Mode, and Phishing Filter can require huge amounts of time with normal everyday sites.User Account Control is the mechanism that affects the permission and Access, and seems to be the source of all the pain and angst in the OS, so if you shut its control down, then function will increase.In a trivial point, the screen savers are quite fun.According to users with different system configurations, the Vista system will not recognise more than 4 GIG of memory, although I can't confirm that, but if its true, I can't see how this OS can run some serious apps like Dragon Dictate and Office 2007. This feels like Ultimate, Fully Loaded, but Half baked.My above comments are aimed at general users. If you seriously want to go to this system, and you don't have the latest and the best ( read: the most compatible to Vista) Cards, and system components, as well as 4 gig or more of memory, then this will be one serious headache. I installed the above OS onto a generally available system that many people will have ( in some shape or form) either at home or in business. Even with the added security features, this OS is not as good  as one might think, since it basically has a "Supercop" security system that allows for tagging and flagging of all and every piece of activity that occurs on the system. To most users who get caught up in this security bind, having to click multiple option buttons to load a page, install a feature, look at an email, will just get old VERY fast. Its painful for me, and I have to deal with slow systems as part of my day job. You would think that tracking and labelling every move you make in a PC and/or network could be done in a simpler fashion. Personally I think that NIS ( Norton/Symantec, as much as it gets labelled as the 800 pound Gorilla) would, can , and does do a better and faster security job than the slow as molasses Vista Sauce.
So, I thought it would be easy to use to convert our video clips from our camcorder into Facebook-ready format.First, I opened a file to view. Looked OK, set the mark-out point. Now, how do I move it into the timeline? No obvious way to do so. After looking in vain for an icon that might say "Add to timeline" or something, I decided I had to move it from the thumbnail list into the timeline, which I did.But now the preview is in low-res, and jerky to boot. I've already noticed how slow the program is to respond to moving of markers - takes 1-2 seconds to respond - but now it's even more noticeable.Now, how to convert it to a suitable format? No obvious shortcuts for that. There are options to create DVD, Blu-Ray, etc. There's Batch Convert, but you have to select files to convert. Does this mean it'll be trimmed as I want? Dunno. ... Ah, here it is - Share tab, then Create Video File. OK, there are plenty of formats. Good. I select one and watch the low-res, jerky playback while it works. Finally, it converts, without any trouble.If you've the patience, this program has the usual features such as tracks for effects, titles, audio, overlays, etc. as you would expect, and canned templates for authoring videos, and a good number of output formats. But dang, this thing is slow when you're positioning markers. And this is on a Dell M4400 with 4Gb RAM. Not sure whose fault it is.Note: See Pat's warning about the "upgrade" and customer service in the comments.
the software has a lot of cool features, and if you are into video editing no doubt you will love this program. It is very feature rich.  However I am not a big fan of the user interface.  The wizards are the a bit clumsy and the regular interface, I don't find that intuitive.  Having said that, I have been quite happy with the product after I overcame the steep learning curve.
Corel's Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Plus offers an abundance of features.  Learning to use them is a real trial.I moved from Adobe's Captivate, a program I truly enjoyed using, to VideoStudio 11.5 Plus, because of Adobe's insistence on flash video.  I'm finding that it may be easier and quicker to find a good converter program and convert my videos to flash rather than continue to struggle with VideoStudio.While feature-rich and compatible with many video formats, the documentation for VideoStudio is poor.  The User's Guide is small and packed with tiny print and graphics.  While I feel sure that everything possible has been included in the Guide, reading such tiny print while trying to follow along online is extremely difficult.  Searching the Corel website for video tutorials produced a few but not enough basic tutorials for the program.VideoStudio 11.5 Plus is a good program (from what I can tell so far) at a reasonable price, especially when compared to alternatives offered by Adobe and Sony.  It is my hope that Corel will add many online tutorials so that customers will be able to develop their skills to take full advantage of all the features the program offers.Four stars for the software, one star for documentation, three stars overall.
The context of my review:- I do not have a Blu-ray drive on any my PC's or laptops so I can't discuss the product's ability to play Blu-ray software.- I tried to review this by using it the way 90%+ are going to - not reading the manual and, basically, deciding whether it did what I expected it to do in a way that didn't unnecessarily complicated my life.- The platform was a Sony VAIO laptop with letterbox screen, dual-core CPU, running Microsoft Vista.The installation:There were no significant problems but I found it quite bizarre that the installation wizard suggested that I allowed it to install the RealPlayer and Apple's QuickTime as well. I was not happy but, since I was reviewing the product I said 'yes', curious to see how THAT was going to help in any way. So far, I haven't seen QuickTime or RealPlayer taking over my computer while watching a movie. The first time I started WinDVD, I received a warning from the Vista firewall. Apparently, WinDVD was trying to go out on the Net through a port that the firewall didn't think it should have used. For reviewing purposes, I clicked on 'yes' again. I still don't understand what I gained by making my laptop more vulnerable to attacks.Movie playing:- The interface is generally okay. The 'fast forward' and the 'jump to the next chapter' functions are accessed by pushing or holding the same one button. Some may like this but I can see how not everyone would.- A number of video enhancements are available having to do with sharpness, color quality and, of course, upscaling. For some reason, you have to choose between 'upscaling' or any other picture enhancements. When you go to the upscaling menu, any selections you made in the 'regular' enhancements are wiped out and vice-versa.- The zoom mode is not very flexible. Up until now, I was unable to find a way to zoom up the picture so that I get a full screen (cropping off the left/right sides) and there is no zoom available in the 'upscale' mode.- On an old DVD that, apparently, was shot at a very low resolution (Stephen King's Misery in wide screen mode), the picture would not fill the screen - I was getting black fillers both on right/left and above/below.- The upscaling is actually pretty good. Just in case you would miss the improvement, there is one viewing mode where you can see the non-upscaled left half on the screen next to the upscaled right. Most of the time, you can see a difference. You have the ability to control the 'intensity' of the upscaling - I found that selecting the maximum level of upscale/enhancement was not necessarily producing the best-looking picture.Overall Impressions:- The product is superior to the WinDVD package that came 'free' with the VAIO.- I did NOT have any compatibility problems and it did NOT freeze or crash Vista.- I liked the image enhancement mode.- There are some interface issues.- I did NOT appreciate the installation of RealPlayer and QuickTime and it asking me to punch a hole into my firewall.- I am aware that my review covers only a small set of the numerous feature this package offers but the features that I reviewed were the ones I am likely to use.I wish I could give this 4 stars but... giving that there were SEVERAL issues as I documented above, 3 stars is what's fair. If I ever get a PC or laptop with a Blu-ray drive and I am allowed to transfer the installation to another computer, I promise to review the Blu-ray capabilities as well.
For those of us who have a laptop that's a year old, we're screwed.  That's the short version of the review for this not yet ready for primetime software package.Oh yeahm, there isn't an upgrade to a Blu-Ray or HD DVD for my laptop, so I either have to buy a new laptop or use an external drive, which aren't available, so that means buying an internal, and popping it into an external case... ok I'm a high tech priestess so that isn't hard but why would I want to?So, I have a choice, I can watch my blu ray discs on my PS3 on the monster flat panel in the livingroom, or I can buy an internal blu ray PLAYER (they don't burn yet) and watch a movie (after I upgrade my graphics card) on a 24" computer monitor on my desktop machine...Bottom line is that the software I think has come out too soon, before there is ample hardware to support it, and you can't write blu ray yet, so we're just talking about playing them...Better to spend the money on PS3, hook up the ethernet cable and watch over your network if you just have to watch it on your computer (I'm still asking myself WHY?).
I really couldn't see any big difference with this product.  Maybe it's just my screen capability, but I do havea nice LCD 720P resolution monitor.  I tried watching a presentation using this product on my regular equipment and then looked at the same presentation on my older equipment without this product installed... if there was a difference it was very slight.  I'm going to give it another try and if it seems any better I will update this review, but at this time I can only give it 3 stars and that's ainly because I like the concept and want it to work as stated.UPDATE:  Okay, I've given this item another star (now a four star rating) maybe even a 4 1/2 star.  I had some DvDs that were not the best quality... home videos and outside wildlife shots.  I took the time to use this product on them and got some exceptional results.  Any of the blur was gone, the video was so much more clear and it seems that the sound quality was also enhanced.  I had some evening shots of some deer that were taken in our back yard.  The original video was of such poor quality you could hardly make out what it was.  After using WinDVD 9 Plus the vidoe was what I would call "National Geographic" quality.
I evaluated Corel WinDVD9 BluRay Plus in a Windows XP Pro environment using an AGP 8x ATI Radeon X1950 GT video card and several standard-definition DVD movies. I used a Dell 19" LCD TFT flat-panel display. I do not have any Blu Ray / HD DVD drives or movies, so I did not test that portion of the software.The installation went smoothly and my initial impression was that the software is just like any other PC-based DVD movie player. I was anxious to try out the All2HD upscaling feature and other video enhancement options. However, I noticed a purplish "block" in the upper left hand corner while viewing a widescreen movie.After much frustration with the settings menu, I discovered that the video and audio enhancement options/selections are found on the drop-down menu "bar" that is labeled Audio and Video. I also discovered that your video card's hardware video decoding MUST be disabled in order to utilize All2HD and Digital Natural Motion along with the other enhancements. When Digital Natural Motion was selected, the video frame rate and audio sync went totally out of whack. My computer started to crawl, possibly because the P4 3.0 GHz (single-core) processor was not up to snuff for this option. I went on to evaluate just the All2HD upscaling and felt that all it did was enhance the sharpness of the image. I was skeptical about the upscaling process and felt it didn't add too much value or improve the quality significantly. The other video enhancements didn't do much and I couldn't get the audio enhancements to work properly. My Logitech Z Cinema already did a good job of generating virtual SRS using 2 speakers and a subwoofer.The quick clip capture and image capture did not work properly. The captured images were just blank files possibly due to how the video was being processed. I also noticed the time slide does not update the time index in real-time, which is a common trait with many PC-based DVD movie players. It would be nice if someone implemented a more intuitive system of slowly seeking through DVDs to capture that perfect picture stills.I also have Intervideo WinDVD 8 (now known as Corel WinDVD 8) and WinDVD 9 is more of the same, with some software enhancements that don't really add value to the package.Pros: Easy to install, decent interface, some software video/audio enhancements to play around with.Cons: All2HD upscaling doesn't seem to do much other than enhance the sharpness. I eventually went back to the hardware decoding and didn't notice a big drop in quality.Overall: For the money, WinDVD 9 BluRay Plus is quite expensive and does not offer a lot of bang for the buck. There are plenty of free DVD movie players available that usually come with DVD drives so I don't see the point in spending a pretty penny to get the same thing. The other applets Corel packaged with WinDVD 9 won't make Adobe shake in their boots either.
I installed this on myASUS Notebook G50V-A2 15.4" T9400 400G 4G NV 9700M Vista Premiumlaptop (mine has a BD drive). It installed very easily and was pretty painless.The software is semi-intuitive in the main menu. It allows for opening movies of any sort. I tried DivX and some other software formats. They all played pretty well.When I tried to play300 [Blu-ray] I was pleasantly surprised how nice it looked. The controls are laid out fairly well and I had no real playback issues some others have noted.My reason for only 3 stars is there are several free players out there that do this sort of thing; some even do them better. For that reason I could not justify 5 stars. Also the default installation of Google Toolbar, Realplayer and Quicktime, just irked me. You have to be careful when you are installing to not have those installed. If you are a rapid-fire "Next" button masher you may miss the "free software". While those products are fine I find it unconscionable that vendors peddle their software into other installations.All in all a nice software for you to play BD formats and also some software formats (DivX).
This player was fairly pricey but the one feature that really appealed to me was its claim to upscale the video to a sharper image.  I thought this was excellent because there were a few movies I wanted to catch that hadn't found its way to Blu-ray quite yet.But it didn't upscale.  I could tell no difference between a standard player and this player.  Others have reviewed it saying that it did make an improvement so I looked through the settings to see if I was missing something and as far as I can tell I've got this installed correctly.But other than that, the usability is actually quite good.  I've ran a few DVD players in my time and this seemed very intuitive and ran efficiently on my computer even while playing a game on my other monitor (I'm easily bored).  Otherwise, it is just a standard DVD player with few bells and whistles that one would be interested in other than the claimed upscale-ing.So, buyer beware.  One thing that was rather disappointing was that you cannot download a trial version from the Corel website (at this time).  I would be nice to grab a trial version and see if it makes a difference for you.  It didn't for me, but it might for you.  Unfortunately, the only way to find out at this point is to buy it.
I don't have a Blu-Ray drive, so I could not test that functionality...BUT I do have something to say.I did try to test the DVD playback on Vista.  Here's what I found.First of all, the software installs fine, but it doesn't recognize a DVD when you pop it in.  I had to launch WinDVD to watch a movie.  Why is there no auto-play?I immediately jumped into the Menu settings that are supposed to enhance standard DVDs to give them an HD quality.  There are several settings for color, cinematic look, display settings (such as LCD, CRT, Analog TV, projector, etc), various enhancements (sharpness, refine, de-block, etc).  Then I got to the All2HD settings, which removes all your customizations when you enable it (and it doesn't tell you).  I like to tweak everything to my liking and this was a disappointment.  When I enabled All2HD, my screen went black.  Then I turned it off and back on and I could see my movie again.  Turning it off one more time caused the application to crash.  Oh well, ALL2HD does look good.  I tried it on Gone in 60 Seconds (Nicolas Cage).Some other things...It wants to install the Google Toolbar, RealPlayer and Quicktime.  Does anyone use RealPlayer anymore?  It also installed some junk on my desktop without asking.  After the installation, there were icons for Quicktime, Free Music and Games, Real Rhapsody, RealPlayer, and Core WinDVD9.  During the installation process, it asks you if it can create shortcut icons for Corel WinDVD9, but it doesn't tell you about the rest of the junk.  Shady, if you ask me.Finally, the interface is very nice.  It looks like it was developed by a designer and not a programmer.
Corel WinDVD 9 Plus (Blu-ray)has some great DVD playback features and extras for standard DVDs and high definition Blu-ray and HD DVDs.  The interface is clean but not greatly improved from prior versions.  If you are intimate with configuration of video and OS settings, you can use this software to upscale standard DVDs.  You can also use it for Blu-ray and HD DVD playback too.  Keep in mind, for all these things you have to have the hardware to notice the difference.  Standard definition monitors will not show you the improvements of upscaled DVDs.  And you will need a BR drive to play Blu-Ray disks.Pros:+ Software Installs easily and quickly+ DVD playback and upscaling is good+ Manual video enhancement options for standard playback+ Nicer features than most free-bee software+ Good option for those building their own Blu-Ray media center system+ Nice support for video formats+ Great sound options with good quality output+ Allows you to zoom in on video+ Allows you to control playback speedCons:- Still some software issues to be worked out with updates- Software requires heavy configuration for certain uses- Message at the bottom of the player must be manually disabled- Blu-Ray software specification still needs a lot of patching- Perhaps not the best value in video software; other options exist for Blu-Ray- Does not have the worry-free use basic users demand in computer softwareSetupBefore you set this software up on your computer, please refer to the hardware and software requirements.  While I won't try to list all the requirements, if your OS is fairly recent (Microsoft Windows XPorWindows Vista), running 32 bit (NOT 64 bit!!!) and you have at least 2 GB of RAM you should be fine.  Any less than that, and you should not be running heavy video applications on your computer anyway.  While eventually 64 bit OS will become the standard, 32 bit software makes that OS less than ideal.The installer works well but does automatically select unneeded software, such as Real Player and QuickTime.  Not a big deal, but you have to manually deselect them if you don't want them to be installed (or reinstalled if, like me, you already have this software on your system).  Like all software these days, there are processes that will try to access the internet to check for updates and verify the software is legal.Settings and PerformanceBy default, your system will try to play your disks upon inserting them, so you must turn off auto-play if you don't want that.  WinDVD can be configured to start in a window or in full screen mode.The interface is good for playback but not greatly improved.  Video enhancements alow manual adjustments to sharpness, color and contrast or standard upscaling. You can zoom in on your video in standard playback, which will be useful for picture capture.For those who have multi-channel sound systems hooked up to their PC systems, you will definitely notice the improved sound quality.  Most such users are bound to be media center users like me, a small but growing minority.The software audio and video settings can be customized, but the troubleshooting process can be painful for those who are less hands on with technology. The support for video standards including DivX, RealPlayer, QuickTime, Windows Media and AVI is also a nice extra.In order to get full functionality you must be intimately familiar with manual hardware and software video and audio settings and how to configure them.  Different modes require you to disable one over the other.  If you just want basic playback, this works out of the box.  But if you really want to access all the features of this software, you have to know more than most basic users care to.  Just food for thought.ConclusionIf you are looking for an upgrade for yourIntervideo WinDVD 8 Platinum [OLD VERSION], you can probably do without this version.  If you need to access the high definition features or setup a system without included software, this is one of your few options despite the weaknesses.Enjoy.
My vista actually crashed with this...i did read all the reviews and still decided to give it a try...i was hoping i cud use this well...I had the biggest headache of my life having to reinstall everything back on my laptop...i guess for those that it works.... it works beautifully..I do have an XP installed on my Mac...my i am scared to try it now..anyone who loaded this on Mac...do lemme know..i still wanna give this a try.
I should first say that this is my first use of this kind of software and I am not very adept at it. I am running XP Pro, service pack 3, and loading was a bit slow, and running was a bit slow, though not terrible. The trouble was that I had do not like having to reboot, and for software that is not beta, freeware, or shareware, I expect a full, finished, debugged product. The price is okay, however, I would have been happier seeing it under $50....of course, if I had some of the problems that others have mentioned, free would not be good enough. I guess I am just lucky.....though I have a great graphics card, 4 meg of ram, and plenty of HD space, and I don't have much running in the background.Using the software is relatively easy and I am happy to report that if I can use it, anyone can. Viewing standard DVDs does look a bit sharper (I have a 17 inch monitor on my laptop). It also plays DIVX, AVI, Real player, quick time, etc.....The nice thing, also is that it decodes DTS, and for those with 5.1 surround, is much better than Dolby surround. While not as good as some of the newer surround formats, I doubt most people have 7.1 hooked up to there computer.Added September 29, 2008As I continue to use this I find if more useful than I originally thought. No major problems, and I am still happy with it. Currently, the price is not bad. Could I have lived without it? Yes. Am I happy I have it, yes. Would I recommend it, yes. For me, the extra features do make it better.....again, I have not used any other software like this. My experience previously was limited to Mediaplayer and Quicktime.
I had no problems installing this on my Vista Ulitmate desktop.I don't have a blueray player installed yet, but I have used the player for DVDs, mpeg2, wmv, and dvd's backed up to my harddrive (vob files).The player does a great job playing all these format once it gets going.  The file open and startup process if pretty lengthy, as is the overall response time for changing the various settings.The controls are really pretty badly designed.  I did not find them intuitive, and in fact in some cases downright contradictory.  For example, there is a video settings area of the main menu and then there is also a video settings advanced area under options.  There is no logical arrangement of which features are listed where, and depending on what settings you choose on one menu, these settings actually cancel out your selections on the other menu, but with no message from the software (so your earlier selections just stop working then next time you play a video).The upscale feature seems to work well, I could really see an improvement on standard dvds.And, there is this nifty little feature that lets you increase the speed of video playback (higher than 1x) while still maintaining reasonable audio quality, so that you can watch a given video in a fixed amount of time (if you have to leave by a fixed time.)
WP office X4 is a nice suite of tools for those who want to shy away from Microsoft office. It includes all the tools you'd want to find in an office suite - word processor, spreadsheet presentations, email etc.It also includes a very nice data analysis tool, and quick editor / research tool that would be very hand in an academic or other research setting.Wordperfect seems to open just about any type of file you would want to open. It also handles Acrobat pdfs with ease natively - a huge win in my book. It may be difficult to adapt if you use Microsoft Word all the time.My big problem came when I tried to use the Wordperfect Email. It crashed the first time I tried to use ut and will no longer work. Call me picky, but I want my software to work out of the box. I was too frustrated after a couple of hours of trying to get it to work to try and reinstall it.
It's difficult to review so vast a package of software briefly enough to keep the review readable but detailed enough to give it a fair shake. One thing which I can say first and foremost is that everything I received was not in a working state. The training CD tutorials simply do not work. If you try to run them, you get numerous script errors and have to force quit. Additionally, I could not get the WordPerfect Mail application to run on my Windows XP machine despite it having more than adequate specs.Additionally, you cannot rely on WordPerfect to open either Microsoft Word or .pdf files without problems. In my tests, I could open some MS Word files fine, but others did not open at all and some opened with very confused formatting. The open .pdf function failed entirely on several attempts (particularly with large files, even when asking WordPerfect to open only a few pages of the large document). If you work in a multi-language environment with double-byte characters (like Japanese), you can forget about using WordPerfect to open MS documents containing such languages. I will also note that, when attempting to take a screen capture of an open .pdf, WordPerfect crashed despite being the only open application at the time.All that being said, if opening legacy documents or documents sent to you from MS Word users is not a big concern for you, building WordPerfect documents from scratch is easy and effective. If you want to use the software as your primary word processor, you can do basic page layout and word processing with its easy to use interface. Formatting text and editing images is very easy. You can even open the software in different modes so that you can use different interfaces (such as MS Word) to help you feel more comfortable navigating the interface.The main problem I have with WordPerfect as it is at present is that the price is very high considering the lack of reliability of some of the features that are supposed to make it work smoothly with Word and pdf documents. Very few people do their document creation and processing in a vacuum and I'd feel stranded without a proper way to send and receive documents from others who are likely not using WordPerfect should it be my only alternative.I'd like to recommend WordPerfect Office X4 wholeheartedly and I wanted to explore it and use it instead of other options, but the functionality to pursue this path is not up to snuff.
In my mind, the best reason to use MSFT ST/GPS is for the added real estate of a bigger laptop screen.  I still think using Google maps on cell phones to be the best marriage for convenience and portability.  I installed this on a multitouch screen HP 12" laptop.The reasons I liked MSFT ST with GPS are:1.  If you want to see a large view of the map area.2.  Printable coupon features with stores that are pinpointed on the map (which is a great idea, though you need to subscribe to Entertainment Book).3.  Get full directions in text.4.  Loads of options to customize your mapping preferences5.  Multiple windows can be open at once (map, directions, GPS info)The relative cons are:1.  Clunky to setup a laptop and GPS in the car.  A portable GPS unit can be stashed in the glove compartment and/or mounted easily.2.  You need a passenger to volunteer to navigate using the laptop while you drive.  Laptops can get pretty warm, which your passenger may not like.3.  The GPS unit works okay, but sometimes can be hard to get up and going.  I think using the included USB cable to put the GPS on the dashboard is helpful.
I tried MS Streets & Trips on my Asus Netbook with 2 GB of ram during a recent road trip.  Installation of the software on the notebook went well, and I plugged the small GPS unit into a free USB port on my Asus put the netbook on the passenger seat and headed out.The software interface feels dated; I wasn't entirely impressed with either the design or functionality.  Many functions weren't very intuitive, with multiple panes opening and closing providing different data.  Once I sorted it out and programmed my first trip in though, things got a bit easier.The GPS unit picked up satellites quickly and easily, besting the GPS unit in my phone as well as a dedicated handheld Magellan unit I had brought for comparison.  My  trip progress was tracked accurately, with a readout of estimated mileage and ETA updated on the fly.  The major problem was finding things nearby.With freestanding GPS units, it's easy to simply ask it to display nearby gas stations, hotels, etc.  However, there's no way to do this easily with S&T.;  The only way to get that information is to go to the turn-by-turn list of directions, figure out which step you are near, select THAT, and then request nearby places of interest.  Not only wasn't it intuitive, it was useless to me: I used my G1 and its GPS unit for that functionality most of the time.  One other problem I had was a few software crashes. I was unable to determine if this was bad code or an underpowered netbook - though mine is easily able to run everything else I've thrown at it.I suppose if you sat in a room and planned your trip, then loaded those trips as you traveled, this would work fine. Alternatively, if you had a navigator with you running the computer, you might be in ok shape, if not a bit puzzled at times by the interface.But for use as a GPS on the fly while traveling solo, I'd give it a pass.  It just doesn't provide the ease of use or functionality I want in a GPS.
In brief,- the software installed without problem on my Windows Vista 64 laptop,- the GPS dongle works as intended, but must be outside to get lock on satellites (as expected)- trip plotting is reasonably efficient, but not perfect (I'd like to see an option that minimizes changing freeways as long as it does not add more than a few miles to the overall trip distance, that would be really useful in packed urban areas like Los Angeles with numerous interchanges)- works as well as my Garman nuvi 760 with the big exception of the form factorThe bottom line question is ultimately, Is it useful? I have to answer no, not really. I can get maps and trip directions from the internet in most cases for free. For actual, real life driving, a dedicated GPS wins out if for no other reason than that the form factor of carrying a laptop (even the new netbooks) is just too cumbersome for ease of use and safe viewing while driving. This is not to say that the product doesn't work, just that there are better or cheaper solutions on the market to fill the need.P-)
For the now version of Streets and Trip, I have not noticed very much change not only from last year but from almost a decade ago.  The maps are updated and the USB GPS reciever works well but nowadays I am expecting more especially since there are so many other options out there (including my phone using Google Maps with Navigation).  The user interface is showing its age and is often tedious to use,  As an example, simply looking for an address, I can simply type in the search bar, doing so always finds an address in Canada.  I have not been able to figure out how to change it so that it looks in the U.S. first, let alone California where I am.  On my computer, I would much rather use Google Maps that I find much more accurate and current and it now has street View so i can actually see it from the perspective of the sidewalk.  Now that I have Google Maps with navigation on my phone I have completely stopped using Streets and Trips.  I still have it as a backup in case I don't have an internet connection of Cell phone signal, but at this point, I haven't even opened the program for months.Can't really recommend this unless you don't have access (or have poor access to internet/cell signal but do have a laptop in the car AND are used to Streets and Trips interface and like it.
the software on its own is excellent gives you all sorts of information on different places how to get there etc. the little device that came with it I wasn't to crazy over it and found the text over speech stuff to be annoying and more of s distraction. the software that comes with it is very good though , I am familiar with it anyhow with my ms works program that I use . I like it alot better then map quest and it seems a bit more accurate and if you need a detour it gives you those options as well.easy to follow software not too complicated.it would work well with other gps devices as well ,I just didn't care too much for the one that came with it. doesn't look to durable either and easy to lose cause of it's size.
I've used two different handheld GPS units (TomTom and Garmin) and I've used two earlier versions of Microsoft Streets and Trips several years ago. I edit a consumer technology website so I feel very comfortable reviewing this product. Unfortunately, I can't give Microsoft Streets and Trips more than a lukewarm recommendation.Let's start with the installation of the the software. The installer program on the included DVD-ROM is easily confused by other startup applications ... so don't try to install this software until all of your Windows startup applications (antivirus, wireless assistants, etc.) have finished loading. Even a single background application can throw off the installation.Once installed, the trip planning software works fine, but you can do the same thing faster, easier, and for free using Google Maps or Yahoo Maps online. The overall Streets and Trips software interface isn't very intuitive so expect to stumble around trying to figure out how it works the first few times you try to use it.Once you're able to get the GPS receiver to lock onto satellites and provide directions, things don't get much better. The spoken turn-by-turn directions aren't always clear, and because of the weak GPS receiver (more on that later) you don't always get the verbal directions when you need them.The included GPS receiver/USB dongle is large but doesn't provide very good reception. I live in Cincinnati, Ohio (a reasonably large US city) and half the time I cannot get the GPS receiver to lock onto a satellite. My Garmin nuvi 360 handheld GPS gets better satellite reception, is easier to use, and the spoken directions are easier to understand. The only major advantage to The Microsoft Streets and Trips software/GPS receiver combo is that you can install it on a laptop so you don't have to carry a laptop and a GPS when traveling ... you can just use your laptop. Of course, that's assuming the GPS receiver actually gets a signal and can provide turn-by-turn directions.The software supposedly gets updates for traffic conditions, but it never seems to know when there's a major construction zone ahead ... even if it's a construction zone that has been there for several months. By comparison, my Garmin GPS almost always knows when I'm about to approach a construction zone and alerts me in advance.Bottom line, I really can't recommend Microsoft Streets and Trips 2009 with GPS to anyone unless you can't afford a stand-alone GPS device or smartphone with built-in GPS. Yes, I suppose it's nice to be able to navigate using just your laptop in the car, but the weak GPS receiver sort of kills that benefit.
Microsoft Streets & Trips with GPS Locator (2010)So, you have a laptop computer and you need a GPS for your car. Hey! For way less than $100 I can get this piece of software and get going somewhere. I'll have all sorts of travel info and map guidance and it'll be great.  Not so fast Sparky....First you need a peppy laptop. Otherwise you'll be waiting a long time as it grinds out your information. That's your laptop, you say. Good, so let's go. This program installs and updates just fine. Now take the laptop down to your car. Got an empty seat, cool, we're going it alone. OK you won't really want to ask you passenger to have a laptop on their lap all trip long, right? Next we install the GPS unit and remember to use the enclosed extender. You may, most likely will, need a longer cable so the sensor can rest on the top of the dashboard. Next you program your destination and the GPS acquires satellites and off you go. In a word, clunky. It works but having a laptop on the seat next to you is at the very least DISTRACTING. If you're planning an RV trip and have a full time navigator with you. They can man the computer and help with guidance. Cool, this is for you. For the rest of us a dash mounted GPS is soooo much better.The product works but I can't recommend it. It's fine for fun mapping, but as an actual vehicle GPS it fails. It's too dangerous to use. Imagine your laptop flying around in your car in the event of an accident. Not good.
Maybe it goes without saying (maybe it doesn't) but you need to have your laptop with you for this product to do you any good.  For turn by turn directions it is VERY awkward to try to do this with a laptop in the passenger seat.  If you're looking for turn-by-turn directions there are much better dash (or windshield) mounted solutions from companies like Garman (I love my Garman Nuvi).What I like most about this software are the detailed maps that are included.  I do like to print out a map of my destination point even if I'm navigating via GPS and this tool lets you do that easily.  I suppose it would come in handy if I wanted to map out landmarks along my intended trip route (it has a massive POI database).
The concept behind this product sounds so good - it'll turn your laptop computer into a navigation system. Sadly it is quite simply too cumbersome to replace a regular GPS system. For starters, using a laptop as a navigation aid is just too impractical - you'll need to power the machine, and find a way to secure it in your vehicle. It is also completely unsafe if you are on your own.The GPS receiver with the package is ok, not great, just ok. It takes a long time to get a fix.The software works, and it usually plots a decent route, but once you know how to get there, you are still stuck with the need for your laptop. For $40 more, you can get a (refurbished) TomTomn or Garmin, which would be far more practical. Also - many of those units can receive traffic information using their integrated FM receiver - with the Microsoft package, you'll need to invest in wireless broadband in order to get updates.Conclusion - not a bad product, just not practical for what it is intended to do.
The on-line "live" aspect of this program provided through "Bing" is much better than the program that comes on the disk.  The "Bing" maps will show names of malls, manufacturing plants, and other data that most on-line maps ignore.  How many times have I tried to find a mall, or a restaurant on my navigator, only to come up empty handed? Well, there is it on Bing!The PC program itself is not what I hoped. It was not very intuitive; I could easily turn "on" the boxes to show points of interest and such, but how do I turn them off?  How can I make the boxes bigger? They were very tiny. It's not obvious.  I like being able to create and save my own "push pins," and even customize what they look like somewhat, but when I wanted to delete one created in error, there was no clear way to do that.  Also, attempts to make the map opening larger all failed. There was a lot of blank space at the bottom of the window I couldn't get rid of.I haven't tried the GPS tracking. That might be useful, but as of yet, I'm not sure how. I would have to take my computer with me to see how the GPS feature works.  Obviously, the GPS feature is NOT for a home PC, but for a laptop or similarly portable computer.I was also disappointed that the CD version of this doesn't provide hybrid maps overlaying satellite pictures, the way many online maps can now.  Overall, so far, I'd say this was just an average map program.
I installed Microsoft Streets and Trips on my ASUS Eee PC 1000HE netbook.Software installed easily and quickly using an external DVD drive.  The computer recognized the GPS unit, however it could not find any satellites (in comparison the Garmin sitting next to it was finding 10 satellites).I contacted Microsoft and through remote access the tech did the following. I asked him to send it in an email to me so I could provide it here.*******Following are the steps we didStep 1: Click on START and then click on RUN. In the RUN box, type MSCONFIG and click on OK.Step 2: Under System Configuration, click on Selective Startup, and uncheck the following items...Process System.ini fileProcess Win.ini fileLoad Startup ItemsThen click on the tab SERVICES and check the option - Hide all Microsoft Services. Then click on DISABLE ALL and the click on APPLY and CLOSE.When prompted to, restart the PC and try Streets and Trips with the GPS, it should work. Once it Starts working, repeat Step 1 above, and then switch back to Normal Startup, apply that change and click on CLOSE. That will get the computer back to normal. Now, try Streets and Trips with the GPS again, and it should be working, with the PC in normal mode.********Once this was done the GPS did pick up satellites.  However, when actually using it on the road the connection was dropped and picked up once every few minutes, then every time it would pick it up it would recalculate the trip again.  After speaking again to the tech he told me that it might be that the USB ports are not powered enough.  He got this information from another tech and sounded unsure about it.  I myself do not know if this is true.  Perhaps someone who does can comment on it.  I learned also from the tech that there are two different GPS units provided with this software.  I got a Navation GPS 168 with mine.The software is great and intuitive.  My 13 year old son quickly figured out how to use it.  Great for finding restaurants, gas stations ect. You do need someone else to run it, it would be dangerous to be making adjustments while driving yourself.I am giving it 3 stars,  five stars for the software and one for the GPS receiver to average 3 overall.  The only downside I have found to the software is that sometimes it knows the street name (displays it on the map) but still calls it a "local road" when speaking directions.  I think it should work with a netbook, or if it does not they should tell you so in the description.  Tech support was very helpful and even called me back to see if it was still working a few days later.****UPDATEWe bought a longer USB cord for the GPS so it could be right up in the windshield and now it works much better.  The cord supplied did not have a very tight connection and the short length made it hard to get it near a window.  I am upgrading it to two stars, since now it works pretty well but Microsoft should have sprung for a slightly better USB cord that holds the GPS securely and reaches far enough to go into the window.
There are a couple of choices when you are looking for your trip guidance and maps software/equipment.I am going to compare Microsoft streets and maps to other choices available and let you decide if this is right for you:Microsoft streets & trips v/s Delorome earthmate LT-40 GPS==========================================================While both of these come with software + hardware (GPS dongle).  I found Delorome earthmate to be better than Microsoft Streets and trips for these reasons:(1) Better live navigation - The voice and guidance from Delorome is way better than MS streets & trps(2) Delerome is 3D presentation while MS streets & trips is just 2d presentation(3) Delerome costs $39 while ms streets & trips cost $54 - at the time of this reviewMicrosoft streets & trips v/s Online maps - google, yahoo, MS live==========================================================(1) Good - MS Streets is way faster than any of the online maps(2) Good - MS streets does not need internet connection unlike online maps - literally works everywhere(3) Bad - MS streets & trips requires you to upgrade every year for updated map information and POI (points of interests) such as restaurants, gas stations, while online maps do not need you to subscribe to any updates(4) Bad - Online versions contain street view (in google), birds eye view in (MS live) and satellite view (in all online maps) while MS streets and trips does not contain any photographyMicrosoft streets & trips v/s Portable GPS units (Garmin/Tom-Tom) ...==========================================================(1) Good - MS streets & trips can be viewed on a larger screen on your laptop v/s tiny screens on a portable GPS units(2) Good - MS streets & trips costs much lower than portable GPS units(3) Bad - Portable GPS units are far more portable, easy to view(can be fixed on the windshield) compared to MS streets and trips(4) Bad - Portable GPS units are more user friendly with easy to navigate interface and touch screens while MS Streets and trips requires use of computer keys which can be distracting as well as cumbersomeSafety concerns:================Lastly I have a few safety concerns about using this product on your laptop while driving(1) Unless your laptop is fixed well into the car - it can be flying object hazard.  If your car/truck stops all of a sudden, the laptop can be a projectile and hit the person in the passenger seat/rear seat(2) Never drive and navigate on this software on your laptop sitting on a passenger seat - I have done that and let me tell you that it can be very distracting.  Even a few seconds off the road can mean something serious.Tips:======If you are going to buy this product, I would suggest that you also get yourself a car invertor - a unit that converts your automobile 12V DC to 110v AC.  This way you will be able to connect your laptop powersupply in your car !
Microsoft MapPoint is good for two types of users:  those who need a 'super' GPS, and those who need to create maps to go with their presentations and analysis.With a GPS puck (not included), MS MapPoint becomes a great GPS for salesmen, delivery men, and others who need to map out their day in order to visit several points in an efficient manner.  Most GPS devices fail in this regard (they work great from point A to B, and could include a detour, but forget about going to ten locations).  It would be great if MS had a self-contained GPS device (not a laptop) which could be programed with the information generated from MapPoint (by using a PC as the user interface, it makes data entry far easier than a small touch screen).As for the maps it generates, we are currently analysing a coal mine and our 'pitch' book was much more comprehensive as a result of using MapPoint (over copying and pasting GoogleMaps and the like).
This isn't really the app to get solely for driving directions, as there are less-expensive alternatives if you're buying mainly for that purpose. If you need to data-map info from your business or organization, however, than this fits the bill. The GUI isn't elegant, but it gets the job done.
The maps in this product and Microsoft Streets & Trips 2009 are the same - and both are awful. They are incredibly outdated, incomplete and error-ridden.On a recent trip, I was navigating. In a car moving at expressway speeds, the results in the search box were impossible to read because the type is so small. The address I was looking for is a house that was built in 1993. Neither it nor the surrounding community are to be found on the these maps.In my own area, within a six block radius, both MapPoint 2009 and Streets & Trips 2009 list four restaurants that closed three or more years ago. Another restaurant, which has been located at its current location for at least ten years, is still shown at its former location a couple of miles away.Such inaccuracies are unacceptable.For route planning, I would strongly suggest using Google Maps as your primary source or at least to check on the accuracy (or lack thereof) of the Microsoft products.Data mapping capability, on the other hand, is excellent. You can use ". . . an address, ZIP Code or postal code, census tract, city, metropolitan statistical area (MSA), state or province, or country. You can aggregate data by importing or linking data at one level (for example, ZIP Code) and displaying at a higher level (for example, State). Additionally, you can associate data to territories that have been defined on the map."Importing is a relatively smooth process and you can use Excel, Access, Outlook contacts or any of several text formats.You can create territories from data or manually. Pushpin styles are limited, compared to the last version, but you can add your own.Once the data is mapped, you can massage it in a variety of ways, including creating routes between multiple pushpins.Overall, I think both Microsoft mapping products have taken a step backwards from the most recent versions. Neither MapPoint 2009 nor Streets & Trips 2009 have any features compelling enough to make the upgrade and the maps appear to be the same. I'd hold off for the next version or consider competitive products. By all means, try out the Microsoft evaluation version before you purchase this product. Make sure it works for you and that the maps are accurate enough for your needs.Jerry
For over two years I have periodically attempted to retrofit this software to my needs and objectives largely without success. That is not a condemnation of the application, it is an admission the capabilities here are vastly beyond my business needs so the underlying motivation to exploit it to the fullest is just not there.Frankly, the only thing I've really done is map routing and that is tragic misapplication, one that can be as effectively and efficiently accomplished with my GPS.  I can easily see where this software could be highly beneficial to business entities where business marketing and acquisition expenses for multiple associates is a significant factor but in my case site to site travel is not a primary functionality.
Quite a good product, useful if you travel a lot. But could have a better "feel" to the interface and I don't think it's worth the price. Needs improvement to go for that price. Microsoft: either make it much better or lower the price!
MapPoint doesn't really do anything more than online mapping tools. If for some reason you need similar functionality when you're offline,this could be a good option.
i have been using Kaspersky for almost 6 months now so i have had ample time to try it out. I started using this product at a time my laptop had been infected with a virus that Mcafee could not remove, hence my system crashed.I tried out kaspersky the virus was identified and deleted. However, it deleted the system file the virus was attached to so i had to re-install my OS.I have to admit that Kaspersky does i very good job in identifying viruses and potentially harmful programmes, but what it does after identifying - i am not so sure. The first option given is to clean - usually this does not work; then it gives the option to delete- more often than not this also does not work so you end choosing the option to skip almost all the time. I am not much of a computer expert so i am left confounded as to the status of the identified harmful programme.So while  kaspersky has done a good job identifying viruses, what it does with them  - i dont know.At least, my system has not had any  problem running since i installed the anti-virus so i guess it must be doing some work. So i give it three stars cause it solved my problem but it is hard to figure out how it works!!
What should have taken minutes to install, instead took over an hour of troubleshooting and searching for a solution to a problem prior to installation and update.AVG 8 was previously installed on my Vista 64-bit desktop. Also previously installed: BitDefender, Norton and McAfee. All had been taken off prior to installations of the next product, then rebooted prior to a clean install of a new product. I thought I had everything off the machine prior to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009 load, but AVG 8 was (according to Kaspersky...) still on my machine despite my not finding it in my programs.I tried AVG's site and found a removal tool, installed it and tried it. It didn't remove AVG. A bit of research online allowed me to find a solution: REGSEEKER; a free program that would remove any AVG from my computer's registry. Knowing it can be dangerous to muck with the registry I was hesitant, but went ahead and did it anyway (backing up before I made any changes). The changes in place - AVG was STILL there!I then clicked on the tech support link for Kaspersky (something I should have done first...) and typed in AVG 8 into the search. A link to an AVG 8 remover tool came up. I installed it, ran it, and AVG 8 (the problem must have been the '8'...) was gone.I've never encountered an antivirus software that wouldn't allow McAfee Internet Security (free program that gives you info whether or not a site is safe - not another antivirus program...) to run on Explorer too, but Kaspersky wouldn't install until I removed it. Why?  Other than 'it's the competition...' I couldn't come up with anything. This irked me a bit, but I decided to give this software a try anyway.The interface is clean and easy to use, it updates hourly, doesn't seem to bog down my machine and does the job of 'antivirus protection'. The 1 year subscription that's included may not be renewed though, as there are several good products out there that encompass even more security for adware, spam, etc... like the free one that comes with my cable company subscription.For basic anti-virus protection, I like this one better than McAfee and Norton, but BitDefender and Trend Micro are good products for the money, and worth comparing to this one as they have fewer install problems and longer subscriptions for about the same money.
This is important: just because someone uses an anti-virus program and hasn't gotten a virus, doesn't make the program great.  I don't use an anti-virus program at all on my netbook and have yet to get a virus; user behavior is the BIGGEST issue in preventing infection. Also, an individual user's experience in this regard is irrelevant when compared to labs that purposely attempt to infect computers, so for actual effectiveness I'd defer to independent laboratories.  Which means that for me, assuming it's an effective program, I care about feature sets, low memory footprint, ease of use, etc.  And on that, I give Kaspersky a mixed review.MY COMPUTER SPECS & INSTALLATION: First of all, I installed KAV on a computer running Vista SP2, with a quad core chip (Q8200) with 4 GB of RAM.  Installation went smoothly, though the instructions said to remove or turn off Windows Firewall; stupid, because this product does NOT have a firewall program - only the full Kaspersky Internet Suite does, so removing the Windows Firewall would be unwise. Otherwise, installation went fine, as did registration.  After install I performed a full scan of my computer.SCAN RESULTS AND REPORTS: Interesting here:  I received a warning about two .dll files that are a part of Google Gears, along with a URL that explains how/why the files might be vulnerable.  Not that they were part of a virus, but that they could be exploited.  I appreciated that, though the URL it gave me couldn't be clicked on to open it, which was pretty silly.  Other scan results can be viewed by category, which is nice, and all functions the program performs, as well as all changes you make to it (for example, turning on or off phishing), are recorded. Or seem to be.... (see below)GENERAL USE: Here's where I've found issues.  For the purpose of this review, I started with the scan settings on "recommended" which is sort of the "look at every page, every file, every url all the time" setting.  When browsing, I did notice a slight slowdown in page loads, but it was not oppressive.  Memory usage was fine, as was CPU usage, but remember I have a fairly fast machine with plenty of RAM. The odd thing was this: when I would download a file, either a .zip or .exe file, there was no indication that I could find that it had been automatically scanned.  No records whatsoever.  Even when clicking on an .exe file that I had downloaded, I STILL had no idea of whether or not Kaspersky had scanned it.  So I tried more aggressive settings, and still could find no record of the scans.Next, I tried right-clicking the file to run a manual scan from the context menu, which worked, and for which there WAS a record of the scan.  So I was left to believe that they were not automatically scanned on download or first-run; perhaps it was because there was an algorithm that said the program was alright, perhaps not - but the point is I had no idea if they were or weren't (scanned that is).  And for me, information is king, so that's not great.And that uncovered a major problem: at least half the time that I would right-click and attempt a scan of a file, I'd get an error message that said Windows Explorer (I'm NOT talking about IE here folks, but Windows Explorer) had encountered an error, and did I want to restart it - which would cause a restart of Explorer (the toolbar and windows disappear for a moment, then restart) and of course the file wouldn't be scanned.  Now, as I said before, user behavior is a critical factor in whether or not you get a virus.  Since I generally engage in "safe-computing", I use Anti Virus programs to scan what I want when I want - so this bug is a killer for me.Another point of interest: USB drives.  Kaspersky, like most anti-virus programs, does not auto-scan USB drives when they are plugged in. Obviously since this is pretty standard behavior I'm not counting this as a negative, but it's a point you should know.  However, when I attempted to open files on a new USB drive that *could* have been infected, no scan was performed then either - is that good or bad?  You decide, but it would require at LEAST doing a manual scan, which as I said, crashes Windows Explorer on my computer about half the time.Finally, one more oddity: when I look at the reports screen, there are literally thousands of notices that say the following:Denied  Host Process for Windows Services Open  C:\Program Files\Kaspersky Lab\Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2009\avp.exeIt appears that KAV is denying svchost from examining the KAV executable (or something to that effect); you can google it if you want to learn more. But it's odd behavior, and as I said it occurred thousands of times a day during my testing.  Even setting svchost to be a "safe" application did not get rid of the behavior.  The reasons behind it may be sound, I don't know - but it's something that I wanted to report to folks before they buy the program.SUMMING UP:  I'm giving KAV three stars.  Why?  Because by all independent lab tests that I've found, it seems to  do what it is supposed to do as far as finding attacks.  But for me, it's coming off the computer.  The crash that happens on manual scans, the lack of clarity about what is and isn't happening, the odd behavior I just described - all too much for me, and exactly what I don't personally want in an A/V program.
I have no product loyalty when it comes to anti-virus products because they all have their pros and cons.  Kaspersky is obviously no exception.  I like having multiple ways to protect my computer from unwanted prowlers.  With Kaspersky, it requires that you COMPLETLY REMOVE all anti-virus and anti-spyware products from your computer before it will even install.  After install, it will allow you to add them back in, but not without complaint.  So, what should have been an easy install actually took 2 hours to accomplish.Now, after using it for a little while, I find that it does slow my computer down, especially when reading email, however, it has found other pieces of spyware that my other programs have not detected.  Overall, it is a pretty good product.  It would be a better product if it worked in conjunction with other pieces of software and was not such a hog for resources.
I get this software for free through my university and find it does a good job providing protection from phishing and viruses.  I have used Norton, McAfee, and Zone Alarm in the past and find the Trend Micro interface the most efficient and easy to use.  I have it installed on two PCs, both running XP.  One system is pretty spartan in applications installed and the other system has tons of apps and lots of extra hardware.  Trend Micro plays well on both systems.However, there are three things I have come across that bring the rating down to three stars.1.  This is a really slow scanner.  It takes the better part of an HOUR to scan my hard drive with only 12 gigs of data on it.2.  It really slows down a wireless connection.  I liked the fact that it uses a higher level of security for wireless connections but was not too happy with the subsequent performance degradation.3.  If you set it up to prompt you for permission before sending your identified personal information over the internet - a great feature - it always asks twice and requires you to put your password in twice (a small annoyance).  But, it also puts a warning page in your browser window which requires one to use the back button to get to the previous web page.  Some HTTPS pages do not allow this action and once I had to shut down the program to complete a transaction because Trend Micro would not allow it even after clicking the "allow" button.If these things are not a hindrance for you, give Trend Micro a try.  For me, it is more of "the price is right" issue.
This was ok but it slowed my computer down really slow. It did warn me however firsthand so I guess its my own fault. I didn't think it would be that bad though. I'm going to try on a different computer and see how it works however. OK I tried it on my desktop and it is great. First thing it did was knock off a spyware and several nasty little things didn't know I had. I would definitley recomend this to anyone.
Trend Micro Internet SecurityA no-nonsense program that doesn't slow your system as noticeably as the Norton and McAfee products, touting a 50% faster bootup time and  40% less memory usage.That said, installation was problematic and required the uninstallation of Norton Antivirus, Spybot and other anti-adware programs.  However, this product offers an inexpensive solution to home network protection with its virus and spyware protection.  You can surf the Web safely knowing malicious downloads and email spam will be blocked.The parental control wasn't needed, but as other have stated, setting access was difficult.I feel Trend Micro Internet Security is a good, usable program, however, I think Trend Micro's Pro version a better choice for added identity theft protection and remote file lock in the event of computer theft.
I've tried a few different language learning packages. Instant Immersion makes the mistake (for me, anyway) of going through all the basics first - numbers, months, days, blah blah. Useful but boring. Pimsleur says the same phrase umpteen times. And so on. So this approach seems the best so far in terms of interest, and some of my comments will seem like nitpicking, but it could be better.Rosetta starts with matching words to pictures, and includes hearing, speaking, reading, and writing. You can choose which of these activities to include, but you can't fine tune it to have just reading and no writing. You have the option of displaying simplified Chinese, traditional Chinese, pinyin, or both. If you choose both, however, the pinyin is shown above the script in a font that's a little too small for easy reading on a 13.1" or 14.1" laptop screen. The title text at the top is also unclear, even on fullscreen, because it's antialiased, but that's not a huge problem, since it doesn't affect the lesson. Other than that, the interface is bright and pleasant and refreshingly different from the normal Windows dialogs.The lessons available are limited to about half the full content until you activate the product, i.e. tie it to one PC. I've heard horror stories about transferring the activation, so be warned.The picture/word matching thing seems to work for the most part, but there are sometimes problems. Is that a boy or a girl? What are they doing? Hard to say at first glance, since they use a couple of different pictures for the same word. Also feels strange to match "he is not doing this"-type phrases to the pictures of someone ... er ... not doing it.Because it's an immersion-type course, sometimes you have to figure out what's going on with little or no explanation - for example the different numeratives ("one tail of fish"). You aren't told why a bicycle is called what it is. But that's part of the immersive learning process.The program defaults to moving along automatically. Problem is, there are pages where it should stop for you to review, but it doesn't - it moves along after a second or two. If you set it to manual, you have to advance by clicking on the button for the next lesson - from a tiny row of boxes at the bottom. That could've been designed better.In general, response is slow - a couple of seconds to get to the next page, for instance. It's a little annoying because you're not sure if the program recognized your input, so ... get used to it, or get used to clicking twice just in case.I've heard many actors simply butcher Mandarin in movies or on TV (Serenity *cough*). For those of you having trouble with the accent, may I suggest that you think of it in terms of singing the phrase, see if that helps.Is it worth it? If you want to learn the language at your own pace, and the price is within your budget, I would say yes. I give it three stars because of the price and the room for improvement - and the activation requirement. Considering what you pay for it, you shouldn't be treated like a criminal or inconvenienced in that way.
First I'd like to say this is a great product. Many reviewers say it's the best language program currently available - that might be true (I've only tried 3 or 4 programs). I agree with just about every positive thing said about the Rosetta Stone in the customer reviews.That being said, I would never order it again. First, the price is just too high. My $10 "Instant Immersion" CD box set is definitely not as good as Rosetta Stone... but is it work $400 more?? I definitely don't think so.The Instant Immersion is good enough, especially when paired with other resources, such as a pocket dictionary, &/or the Pimsleur system (which is also inexpensive, and very efficient). Many people tell me that Fluenz is very good as well. So for me, Rosetta Stone loses one star for price.Second (the much bigger issue), the licensing issues are a deal breaker for me. I will never again order any Rosetta Stone product.You can only load the program twice ... the intent (I believe) is to have a copy at home and at work. But if the first install is bad, or if your computer crashes, that's it! You have to buy another copy. I replace my computers (or hard drives) every 2 years on average. This severely limits my use of this product. This is pure greed on the part of Rosetta Stone, and unforgivable in my opinion. If I have a serial number, I should be able to have unrestricted personal use of the product.Also, you can never, ever transfer ownership or sell it. Again, an unforgivable offense in my opinion. If you fork out $400-500 for this software, and end up not liking the full immersion style, then your stuck with it. (And hey, let's face it - all of our brains aren't wired the same.) This really, REALLY bothers me to think that this company doesn't mind ripping people off just because you learn differently. I love this learning style...but again, some people learn differently.Finally, you have to have the original CD in place to use it - which means, you CAN'T use it at work & home unless you carry the darn disc around. For travel I use a portable netbook, which doesn't have a CD drive, so I absolutely can't travel with it. So the product loses another star for stupid licensing & other user restrictions.So simply based on the merits of the product, I give it 5 stars. But based on licensing issues, greed, and limited user rights, I give is 0 stars. So if the price (& risks associated with product) don't bother you, by all means, get it & enjoy it. But if any of the problems I've mentioned give you pause, try one or more of the alternatives I mentioned.!Bonne chance &agrave; vous!
So that anyone who reads this review understands where I'm coming from, I will just briefly state that I have a bachelors degree in linguistics and have taught myself three languages to the point where I could go and attend fairly advanced (i.e., second-year University-level) courses.  I learned two of those languages (Italian and French) using textbooks only, and one (Greek) using audio tapes (although you also have to use the book that comes along with them).  I also learned Spanish in junior high school using a textbook that had a fairly intellectual approach -- for example, it explained the difference between the preterit and the imperfect past tenses by looking at events as being cyclical and having us choose the proper tense based on the point in the cycle at which the event occurred.  The approach was not for everyone, but I really liked it -- understanding the differences between English and Spanish intellectually help me to avoid him the mistakes most people tend to make in selecting the proper past tense when learning other Indo-European languages.  I should also note that I've previously taken about four months of Japanese, although I had forgotten pretty much everything by the time I started this program.  I've wanted to study Japanese again, but haven't been too motivated to pick up a text book.  So I was quite excited to have been offered this interactive approach through Amazon's Vine program.  Is it worth the price, however?  That depends on how motivated you are and how you learn best.  I'm not crazy about the Rosetta Stone approach, but compared to audio tapes or textbooks, this software is probably more comprehensive for most people.The main issue I have with Rosetta Stone is that the basic concept of total immersion just doesn't apply and doesn't work.  Total immersion would mean living in Japan and being exposed almost exclusively to Japanese during every waking hour.  30 minutes a day, or however long someone is likely to spend using this software, just doesn't count as total immersion.  Moreover, the notion that you can learn a new language as an adult the one same way you learned your first language is erroneous.  Linguists have managed to discover people who didn't acquire language as children, and while they can learn to speak, they never learn to speak right -- it always sounds off.  After the two hemispheres of the brain separate language can't be acquired in the same way.  So I found this program really frustrating in that it never explained anything and for a language like Japanese, which differs so extensively from English, I really wanted more explanation.  Had I not previously studied Japanese I think I would have given up on this.  It is, however, really nice having visuals and interactive material.  For Japanese, at least, this is something I would use as a supplement to a more traditional program.  Here then is a summary of the other pluses and minuses of this program:PLUSES:1.  Photos:  particularly useful for learning nouns and adjectives, although somewhat confusing for other parts of speech where it's hard to interpret what someone in the picture is doing.2.  Mix of activities:  the program takes you through pronunciation exercises, vocabulary, grammar and reading and writing and has a nice mix of having you click on pictures that best match the phrase, having you fill in missing sentences, etc.  I used the headset and microphone that came with my Dragon Naturally Speaking software and it worked just fine.3.  Nice pacing: each sub lesson is about 30 minutes long, which is really useful for planning out study time.  It took me awhile to realize that the lessons don't completely go in order and that you wouldn't get certain things in lesson one until you had already done parts of lesson two.  Once I figured that out though, I liked the fact that I could measure my progress by seeing how much easier things in an earlier lesson were after having completed subsequent ones.4.  Audio tapes:  they just repeat the words and phrases from the computer program with no English translation, but it's nice to have the option to try to spout out Japanese while in the car.  They make no sense, however, until you've done the equivalent program on the computer.  If you have regular access to a computer and not much other opportunity for audio-only practice, you won't need the tapes.MINUSES:1.  VR Software is buggy: the program lets you get away with absolute murder and marks serious mistakes as correct.  Totally wrong words are recognized as being right.  On the other hand, it often says you've done something incorrectly when you haven't.  I mean how can you really screw up making the sound "n"?  According to the software, quite a bit.2.  Writing:  this is the single most frustrating thing about this program -- it never shows you how to actually write Japanese characters.  While I understand there not being any video in this program instead of photographs because of space limitations, they could at least have shown which part of the character to draw in what order and in what direction.  My previous Japanese textbook had this and it was extremely helpful.  While it's nice that you don't need to have a drawing pad to do this program, it isn't really practice writing when the program shows you a character and has you type out the equivalent English representation of the syllable.3.  Program stalls:  sometimes the program just stalls for no apparent reason and it's not my computer.  I have more than the minimum requirements and I usually run Rosetta Stone with nothing else in the background.  Sometimes the lesson screen just doesn't come up and sometimes it doesn't reset after you've incorrectly said a phrase.  Unfortunately this happens frequently enough to make using the program annoying.4.  Long phrases:  The program makes you say really long phrases in Japanese from the first lesson.  You can skip over the phrases, but it makes for a great deal of annoyance and frustration, which makes it not fun to do.5.  No explanations:  personally, for Japanese, I find it useful to know what function all the different particles have in a sentence.  I don't know that someone who has never taken this language would figure out that both "wa" and "ga" are subject case markers.  I still don't know what the difference between the two is and the immersion approach will never explain it to me.  I would prefer having some English explanation available because I find that intellectualizing the syntax a bit is useful.  You can learn without these kinds of explanations but it takes a really long time.  A combination approach would be so much more effective, at least for adults.6.  Text options:  You are able to select in certain cases whether text appears as Kanji, Katakana, Hiragana or Romanji.  Annoyingly, however, this option resets itself on every subprogram and not to the one I want.I will probably and update this review after I've been using a program for a few months.  I do know, however, that my Japanese is never going to be even halfway decent unless I also pick up my old textbook and engage in additional study and practice writing the various styles of Japanese characters.  If this program could have combined everything it does with some more traditional learning it would be a great program.  As it is, it seems more geared towards someone who prefers a loose approach to studying language, rather than someone who seriously wants to learn to speak a foreign language well.  My guess is that using this approach along would work better for something like Spanish, Italian or French.  For Japanese, it's just okay.  But for someone taking a course in Japanese in school, this program would be a brilliant accompaniment and a very worthwhile investment.
I started my experience with the Rosetta Stone software with the Spanish (level 1, 2 and 3).  With the Spanish version I have found that it has helped me understand Spanish as well as speak and write Spanish at a very basic level.However, it helps tremendously that Spanish uses the same character set as English.  With Japanese you have to learn not only a new language but also a new character set.  It is hard--really hard.  I gave up after set 1 because I was just making too many mistakes and was too frustrated.I do think that if I had this as a adjunct to a "real world" training course that it would be a great supplement.  However, as a stand-alone product I think it is just too hard to learn a new language and a new character set at the same time.  I gave it three stars because it is a quality product and would be great for that purpose.  But I took off two stars because they DO advertise it as though you can learn conversational Japanese just using this software.
I installed the Rosetta Stone software on my Vista based laptop with no problems. It uses the same core software for all of the languages. After installing the core software, I then installed the lanugage software for all three lessons in Japansese, as well as 3 in another language.The software comes with it's own headset and microphone combination. It worked correctly with no installation problems. Before each lesson begins the software asks you to repeat a phrase to correctly set the microphone level. The headset and microphone worked very well in a variety of envirnonments around my office and home, but I did not test it in loud environments like an airport.It is hard to describe exactly how the software works, but it essentially focuses on visual assocations which are much more natural than a textbook or classroom based approach. As the lessons progressed I was surprised at how quickly I could understanding more complex (compound speech) language.The software records your progress including the rate at which you pass testing along the way. It was so natural, that after I finished a set of language I found myself beginning to immediately think of the language in the real world around me. So I found it to be immediately helpful.I've tried to learn two languages in a classroom environment, but never succesfully. While I cannot say that I've learned Japanese yet, this is clearly a great start and introduction. I'll update my review when I finished lessons 2 and 3.
I installed Bitdefender on 2 computers at home: a desktop running Windows XP and a laptop with Vista. After about one week of Bitdefender I can testify that it is a well-designed, useful product, likely to provide the average end-user peace of mind in a largely non-obtrusive way.I liked the 2-year/3 computers protection and I hope I won't be bothered or reminded to extend it for at least the next one year and 10 months. It's difficult to prove a negative so, the most I can say is that none of the computers on which I had Bitdefender installed fell victim to virus or spyware infections. There are many additional features which may be well implemented but my interest was mainly virus/spyware protection and it's likely that most paying customers would want this for virus/spyware protection.Installation:It's relatively quick and it seems to be asking the right questions and provide the right advice. In my case, it detected the existing Virus program and suggested that it removed it before proceeding. The explanation was reasonable - if you have TWO virus protection solutions running at the same time you are likely to get a non-performing computer. It also asked for my permission to use its own firewall and remove Microsoft's.There were some problems with the installation. The computer rebooted once, then some more configuration took place but the Bitdefender shortcut on the desktop would not bring up the control panel. A second reboot restored normal behavior.The interaction with XP and Vista and the crapware that vendors load on the computers they sell is not always totally smooth. On the XP machine the MacAffee still keeps complaining for not being used, even though I erased all the MacAffee that I could find installed. There also seems to be some competition between the Windows Defender and Bitdefender when it came to installing the latest Microsoft patches. I'm not sure who won.Protection:Bitdefender suggest that a 'deep scan' is performed as part of the initial installation. It takes a while to complete but it seems to be worth the effort because it did find about one dozen infected files on the XP machine of which it was able to remove or fix half. The other half could not be fixed - the Help told me that they were probably inside archives.The virus/spyware protection takes place in real time and you can configure the level of protection - the more protection you get, the more overall system performance is affected. A 'game mode' and a 'laptop mode' are included. These modes would lower the level of scrutiny to allow for better performance when playing games or to save power when your laptop runs on batteries.The virus detection is performed by looking for known 'signatures' that are updated hourly and on some heuristics that may detect new, undocumented threats. According to the product's promo literature, Bitdefender detects and protects from over 60% of new and undocumented threats which, according to a survey cited by Bitdefender, is the better than most other anti-malware products.Other frills:- There is an anti-phishing option. I had it turned on but I can't tell if it's effective or not. I can smell phishing attempts from a mile myself and I was never phished but it's probably good to block sites that are known to steal from people. Most browsers have anti-phishing capabilities so it's not clear what value Bitdefender adds.- The personal firewall duplicates Vista's own and my XP had one already. It's good to have it.- Antispam is also available. I found most email providers, especially Google's Gmail to be quite good at what they are doing. Like the firewall, it's good to have it but it's not something I'd miss if it wasn't there.- Parental controls too, are already available and preloaded by the computer vendors. I will not be using Bitdefender's.- Encryption of instant messages if both parties are using Yahoo's or Microsoft's Messenger AND they have Bitdefender installed is a niche feature. I'm not sure that it would persuade my friends to buy their own Bitdefender so that our messages get encrypted.- There is an option to set up an encrypted 'vault' on the computer that has Bitdefender running so that the more sensitive files are protected there. I will not bother with this because it's not clear if these files will continue to be accessible after the 2 years of Bitdefender license expire. There are many encryption solutions, commercial and in the public domain that do not expire.- The several (up to 3) computers can be managed from one of them. This is another good to have feature but I did not feel the urge to learn more about it or apply it. I expect Bitdefender to work without having to be constantly managed, once it is installed.While I am quite happy with Bitdefender, I will grant this product 3 (not 5) stars because of the somewhat confusing installation process, the somewhat fuzzy focus (adding lots of 'features' that very few customers may actually expect to see in a virus protection solution) and the not always perfect interaction with the operating system (XP or Vista). This is a very good rating because I can't think of any 'system' software that would earn 5 stars from me.I recommend this product for virus/spyware protection. Giving that you get 2 years protection for up to 3 computers, this is a good buy even if these were the ONLY features available. I personally don't care much about the other frills.My review and my rating does not cover any interactions with customer or technical support because I did not have any.
I've used many different anti-virus and security applications on many different computers over the years, and although Bitdefender is less bloated (hogs less computer resources) than software like Norton, I'm not as impressed with Bitdefender as I hoped.Most recently I had a chance to compare Trend Micro Internet Security Pro and Bitdefender at the same time. Bitdefender is easy to install and setup, but it doesn't offer as much as the Trend Micro software, and the Trend Micro software was able to detect a malicious Trojan Horse that Bitdefender couldn't detect.In my mind, that's the biggest issue right there. Bitdender is easy to install and easy on your computer's resources, but despite the fact that it provides "OK" virus protection it isn't as good as other applications on the market. If an anti-virus/security application can't identify a Trojan Horse that puts your computer at risk then why spend money on that program?I'll gladly take Bitdefender over Norton or Symantec (or over no virus protection at all), but chances are you can find a better anti-virus/security application if you spend a little time doing some research.
This suite has a lot of positives.  For starters, bitdefender has great malware detection rates, consistently ranking near the top in independent tests.  Offering a 2 year subscription instead of the standard 1 year offered by competitors is a great value as well.The suite itself has plenty of features to protect users from multiple angles.  While some features, such as gamer mode, can be a bit gimmicky feeling, things like hourly updates and the ability to manage multiple PCs through one interface are excellent.  The online storage was a bit disappointing, 2gb is small to begin with, and many users received only 250mb instead of the advertised 2gb.  The system is thankfully very light on system resources, much better than the bloated "big 2" of antivirus software.Unfortunately the suite still doesn't feel like a mature product.  There are too many bugs an issues to rely on full time.  Not only do updates sometimes fail, but even more frustratingly, some settings continue to revert to default despite repeatedly setting them!  Other changes are automatically set and can ruin home networks and email setups, as noted by other reviewers.While bitdefender seems like a good company and this software is a good start, I'd wait for a later version when the kinks have been ironed out.
I've tried just about every security software out there over the years so I was eager to try this out as the first one for 2009.  The best combination I've ever used for virus protection and firewall had been AVG antivirus (free version) and Sygate Personal Firewall. Both programs did there jobs and used very little system resources.  However, with all the new threats out there, I decided to switch to a more complete solution.First I tried Norton's product only to quickly unistall it due to the system resources that it took up.  It was a hog!  I use Comcast as my internet provider and they offer McAfee suite for free to customers.  I decided to give it a try and have been rather pleased with its performance.  Little system resources use, complete security coverage and no need for any in depth configuration.  It just works.In order to try Bitdefender properly, I completely unistalled McAfee before installing this software.  The installation went without any issues and I was up and running within 7 or so minutes.  I filled out the registration and began the easy step by step process to configure the program.  I rebooted my machine and the program started up with no problems.  It seems to use very little resources so I saw no performance issues at all.I did notice a few annoying things such as adding toolbars for anti-phishing in internet explorer and another one in my mail program for spam filtering.  Most of these added programs can be turned on and turned off very easily in the configuration menu in the program if you find these things annoying like me.  However, if you shut them off, you don't have the full protection that you paid for.OK, now for the reason I gave it three stars.  I use video conferencing software (Microsoft Live with a Microsft web cam...nothing elaborate) and I was unable to sucessfully make a call once I installed this software. I was able to call someone, it would connect but my webcam software would freeze and all I would get is audio.  The person on the other end could hear and see me but I got nothing in return.  I tried unistalling the webcam software and driver, reinstalled it but that did not work.  I shut off the firewall to see if that was the problem but it still wouldn't work.  Also, I would have to force shut down the program and my camera would remain stuck on with no way to shut it off except unplug it or turn the machine off.At this point, out of frustration, I decided that this software was not worth the aggravation right now since I already had something else that worked without going through a troubleshooting process.  For most people that want security, they want to install it and go without any issues.  I don't know what percentage of people that have webcams use the software I use but I would guess it is pretty large.  I would be interested in hearing if anyone had the problem I had.I did a system restore on my machine and 10 minutes later, I was up and running under my old, yet working setup.Prior to my installtion of Bitdefender, I made no changes to my machine so the only thing that makes sense to me as to why my webcam software stopped was this program.If there is an easy way to fix the problem I had this software would seem to be a good choice due to the small amount of resources it uses and the extensive tools it contains.  I will hold onto this for now and may give it another shot after doing some research on my problem.  I enjoy figuring this stuff out but I know most people don't have the time to do this so keep that in mind before buying this.
This is an ok product.  I work with antivirus software as part of my job, and this product is firmly in the middle.  As far the antivirus part goes, it does its job well.  I was disappointed to see how often it wants the machine to be rebooted after an update to virus definitions though.  Good software these days should only rarely require a reboot after an update.  I do like how it has some different modes, like a gaming mode that cuts back the scanner's footprint while you doing cpu intensive stuff.  For instance when I am working in photoshop I have the bitdefender shift into this mode as I need as much cpu and memory as I can get.The so called system optimization tools are really no better than other registry cleaners and defrag tool available out there. Often for free in most cases.  They score higher because of their convience in being include in a suite of products.In my opinion a firmly average product.
I started out feeling very frustrated with BitDefender.  When I installed BitDefender, it did not work immediately.  I kept getting an error message that said the "services" were unavailable.  Nothing I did would get BitDefender to work properly.  It wouldn't even let me uninstall it.  Despite being an administrator using Vista, it still told me that I didn't have permission to uninstall it.After much frustration, I gave in and contacted BitDefender customer support.  I was quite surprised by the help I received.  I emailed customer service and an agent actually responded (as opposed to just getting a form letter in garbled English as a reply).  The agent instructed me on fixing the problem.  He looked at the list of programs installed on my computer and told me that a program called Arcsoft was causing the problem.  (Arcsoft is software that typically installs in the back ground while you're installing a new printer.)  I uninstalled Arcsoft and BitDefender worked perfectly.Upon installation, I performed a scan for viruses and spyware.  This took approximately 1 hour on a half filled 500gb hard drive.BitDefender seems to work quietly in the background, as anti-virus software should.  Further, it has a multitude of protection options which can be turned on or off.  After turning an option off, the user does not get pop up warning like in McAffe.I'm not quite sure how to rate this product.  It seems to do a nice job as a virus protection program.  However, it dismays me that the company released a product that is incompatible with very common software.  Customer service was very helpful and assured me they were working on a fix which will allow BitDefender to work with Arcsoft (It is due out the week of November 17, 2008).
I was very excited about this product since it is supposedly rated #1 in antivirus protection and also has a lot of promises on the box. I have installed this both on my Windows XP and Windows Vista machine. Here are somethings I have noticed that need fixing before getting anymore stars.InstallationThe installation is pretty straightforward. It even allows you to remove your old Antivirus right in the installation procedure instead of having to go through uninstalling your old antivirus and then installing the new one.I noticed in the XP install, I got one of those error messages about the memory having some sort of issue. During the Vista install, after I did the install, almost immediately, I got a message that something in BitDefender had failed and to send an error report.ConfigurationThe configuration process was fairly simple for me, although I am more of an advanced user. I was able to get through everything pretty quick but here's the thing I noticed when I did my first install. After I put in the new key and then created an account, I logged into that online account and noticed that I had to re-key in my registration key since it wasn't showing it online. I found that to be a tedious step and am not sure why it didn't recognize that I had entered a valid key in.This product is probably good for just general usage but I have noticed that it eats up a lot of memory. It takes about 40,000 bytes of memory even when it is just sitting there doing nothing. Even if I changed to be low on resources, it will eat up the same amount of memory. I used to have Nod32 and that used up pretty much no resources and was very easy to use as well.On my XP computer, another thing that annoyed me was that after installation and while it was scanning my computer, I could not for whatever reason do a windows update. I would say install and it looks like it installed but then I got that pop up again to do a windows install and it was the exact same update. It took restarting the computer to finally install that update.On the Vista PC, after installing BitDefender and running the scan, the service stopped working and required a restart. So I was unprotected for however long it took for that scan to finish.Now, there are a lot of other little things that bug me. However, I have to give props to the local backup feature. I already use a backup method, it was a simple command prompt that transferred my files over to a USB hard drive. I decided to try the BitDefender local backup and found that it was able to compact 10GB files to about 300MB. I was sold on it and have scheduled it to run accordingly. So far, it is doing what it should be doing.On the other hand, i was disappointed with the online backup. The box promises 2GB of backup space. For some reason, I only got 250MB. When I tried to e-mail BitDefender about this issue, I never ever got a response. I finally started a support chat and they opened a ticket to work on it. But to this day, I have yet to hear back from them. I really have no use for 250MB of backup.While this product promises a lot of robust offerings, I for one am going back to Nod32 as soon as my 2 years are up.
If you've used McAfee in the past, you probably know the annoyances with it.  Constant pop ups telling you about everything, even when it shouldn't be flagged as dangerous at all.  Additionally, this software slows down the computer more than Norton.  I have a state of the art computer with a quad core processor, and 8gb ram, and I saw a noticeable performance decrease after installing this software, even on my high end computer.  Imagine what it will do to your mid level computer.I also purposely downloaded some files that I knew contained spyware, adware, and viruses (I'm a computer guru, and know how to remove these manually, so I don't recommend you doing this yourself).  Turns out that McAfee only detected half of them, and was able to remove NONE of them.  On the other hand, Norton detected them all and removed them all but 1.Sure McAfee might be cheaper than some of the alternatives, but I wouldn't recommend it.  I give it 3 stars because some anti virus is better than no antivirus, but I strongly recommend a different program.
McAfee Internet Security 2009 3-Useris a very good product for general users.  Both McAfee and Norton have gotten a reputation for gobbling up system memory and slowing performance with their anti-virus engines.  Both of them have also rewritten the code behind their latest security suites.  In addition to much more efficient anti-virus engines, each of them has added more functionality and loosened up their offerings to provide the option to secure your entire household with one license if you choose to purchase the 3-user version.There is also a1-Userversion for those looking for limited systems, but they are so close in price that it usually makes more sense to get the 3-user version.  Keep in mind that once you install the 3-user version on one machine, the clock starts ticking.  So you have to use it for 3 users concurrently.  You cannot install it on the same machine for 3 years in a row.  Like most anti-virus products, the license includes virus definition updates for only one year.Unfortunately, there are still some shortcomings that make these programs less ideal for power users.  As time goes on, more and more home users are starting to fall into that category.Over the past year I have been testing a variety of security suites and anti-virus programs for a work-related project.  This includes multiple versions ofNortonfor both home and business environments, McAfee,Trend Micro Antivirus + Antispyware 2009,Bitdefender Internet Security 2009and others.  I also continue to use some of the freeware alternatives on a few of my personal machines, including AVG and Avast.  I do not want to outline or rank all the programs here.  I only want to provide a context for how I came to some of these conclusions regarding McAfee's relative strengths and weaknesses.  Some of the strengths make this a good program for hands-off home users, but more demanding users may want to look elsewhere.The biggest improvement that McAfee has incorporated into their product is a much more efficient scanning engine that is more resource friendly than prior versions.  In terms of *online* scanning of files, this program runs faster than most alternatives.  It also uses less memory, at least for the anti-virus engine.But in terms of system impact, there still appears to be a performance hit from using this product for certain situations.  Certain types of internet applications just seem slower.  It also adds a noticeable delay to the startup time.  I tested clean install images with updated service packs before and after installing this program.  I speculate that some of the other elements of the program, such as the anti-phishing and anti-spyware, may be using other processes in memory and slowing down performance only for applications that trigger them.Ironically, it seems like those components do not work as well as the included alternatives in competing programs.  Testing these out in a lab environment, the McAfee program was one of the slowest to detect spyware and phishing risks for known vulnerabilities.  There are some additional features that can compensate for that on the enterprise version of the product, but on this one you just have to accept that it is slightly slower at detecting those things.The "Total Protection" version of the product also includes a network aware component that may appeal to SMB customers.  That program is supposed to detect rogue network devices and similar risks, but I have seen poor to mixed results with it.  I suspect there is overhead in this program for those features included in Total Protection version of the product that haven't been activated here.  I can't be 100% sure, but considering how much faster the anti-virus engine runs it is one possible reason why there is still a slowdown of system performance for certain situations.One other thing that I noticed was that the newest version of Norton Internet Security has a much more detailed application firewall.  For those that use many complex internet applications that require custom settings, that program offers more granular control for those willing to dig down into the settings.  The basics are all covered here, but it is not as easily reconfigured.  On the same token, the default setting of the program requires constant confirmation for the system to adjust security settings for your applications.  It is possible to limit these warnings, but the configuration is not set ideally out of the box.CONCLUSIONThe strengths of the program are the improved easy to use interface and faster anti-virus scanning.  This 2009 version will definitely use less system memory than prior versions, at least directly.  It seems easy to punish McAfee and Norton for their past sins, but both products have improved slightly in that regard.  But you still have to decide if you really need some of the cleaner interface and faster scanning of these products, since there are free products that will do the same job and save you the annual subscription cost.  Also make sure that you know what features are most important to you.  If you need more control of your application firewall settings, you may want to explore the alternatives.Good luck with your software purchase.Enjoy.
It could use some improvements, but overall I'd say it's pretty good. It works.I think the annual fee is a little high for the "total protection"The back up software part of the package is pretty bad so don't expect a great addition there. Most back up systems on the market are better.But for anti-virus, which is mainly what this is for, it works well.
3.5 StarsThe trend Micro Internety Security Pro is a decent security option when compared to Norton or Mcaffe but honestly the pro features are really not worth the additional money.  The only pro feature that seems really worthwhile is the ability to remotely lock your files (in case your computer is ever stolen) but otherwise the Network status and Antivirus reports are more gimicky than true pro tools*** Positive Points Include: ***- Easy installation- 3 user license so you can use it on 3 computers in your home- Good security without using excess resources*** Negative Points Include: ***- Must purchase the virus updates after a year (AVG and others allow free antivirus updates)- Pro features are not really worthwhile
I have the non Pro version and picked up the Pro version. Overall the core areas of the product are good. The virus protection and parental control are very good for most users. The Pro version tries to add some extra features for more money but I'm not convinced they are worth the extra cost. They are not bad to have but not worth the extra cost and most people probably won't use them or know how to use them.For the core piece of the product which is virus protection, you can't go wrong with Trend Micro. They are a very good virus company and are used in the corporate world as well. So if you are looking for a good virus software with parental controls then stick to the non Pro version. If you feel you need some of the extra features of the Pro then its not a bad price but in the end you may be spending money for things you don't need or won't use.
I worry about computer security.  I worry a lot.  So when Amazon Vine offered me this program, I was keen to try it out. I have installed and run it for almost a week.  Sometime within the next week I will remove it.  There are a number of issues that I find deal-breakers.First and most important, this software has slowed my system significantly.  Startup that once took less than 45 seconds to load now takes three and one-half minutes (I timed it!).  Following the install, the initial load time took about 15 minutes, my first clue that this program and my computer (running Windows XP) do not work and play well together.Second, this is subscription software. When it expires at the end of one year, you have to pay again for another year's subscription.  I find this objectionable. When I get new software, I expect to be able to use it until it becomes hopelessly outdated. While I recognize that an anti-virus program needs frequent updates to stay current, I think that this should be included in the initial price of the program rather than being charged annually.Third, the features such as firewall and virus protection appear to work well, but they don't appear to be better than my previous firewall and virus protection programs. Not being a computer geek, I cannot comment further on the quality of the program's features.The program offers additional security features for files, credit cards, and passwords, but, to me, they are not worth the sluggishness introduced into my system.  My system was virus free before I installed Trend Micro Internet Security Pro, and I expect it to remain so after I reinstall my earlier programs.All in all, I found Trend Micro Internet Security Pro a disappointment. It appears to do what it claims, but it adds complexity to my already over-complex system and slows it down. I cannot recommend it.Three stars!UPDATE:  If I could, I would reduce the number of stars for this program.  Although I had planned to keep it on my system for another few days, I was forced to remove it yesterday.  It caused a system crash three times during the initial load.  I use my computer daily and keep files on it that I have created; even though I back up my system frequently, system crashes keep my adrenal glands pumping at high levels.Now that I have restored my old security system, loads are quick and accurate.  More importantly, I can breathe again.I advise using this program with caution.
Trend Mocro Internet Security Pro provides very good protection from virus and worms, and it is a very good replacement for the default Windows Firewall. Since my email server already protects me from Spam, I haven't really been able to evaluate that so far (nothing has penetrated the email server). The interface is well laid out and easy to navigate. As a whole, Internet Security Pro seems to do an admirable job of protecting my Windows Vista computers (another good aspect: this will protect up to 2 computers).Where Internet Security Pro really seems to fall down (though I would suspect that Windows Vista probably should take some of the blame as well) is in the resources department. My fastest laptop takes nearly twice as long to boot up with this software package installed! Though Windows Vista is booted to the desktop, I literally cannot open any applications or do anything until it is done loading Internet Security Pro. Though the protect isn't as good, McAfee did not take anywhere near these resources at boot up). I do not perceive any real drag on the machine once it is up and running, but I turn the computer on before hopping in the shower otherwise I will sit there watching it get started.My complaints are probably just a sign of the times for internet security, but it really feels like the software is a bit bloated.
Trend Micro Antivirus + Antispyware 2009 is not a complete security suite for your computer. It is an antivirus with an antispyware component, but is lacking three important things.1. An email blocker to stop spam.2. A blocker to stop malicious downloads for websites.3. Alerts for unsafe websites.While not a resource hog, Trend Micro does slow down basic Internet surfing somewhat. I found it's updates took a bit longer to receive and install than AVG, Kapersky and Vipre too.After swearing off Norton and McAfee for their resource hogging properties as much as anything, and then off BitDefender for it's glitchy performance, I've tried many other antivirus programs. This one is mediocre and not feature-rich.My advice: shop around and compare features. Price differences are minimal, and some offer many more features for about the same price.
The Amazon price is just about right for this product. Easy to install and easy to use without any extra bells or whistles. For the casual user, this product should be sufficient. But if you are an internet junkie, you'll need something with a little more umph. Trend Micro makes excellent products which perform the duties they are intended to do. It's fine for what it is - just don't expect it to do something that is beyond what it is.
I have used Norton for many years. It came with my first computer, and I grew to believe that it was necessary to put up with a few minor inconveniences in order to be protected against major disasters. The problem is that the inconveniences inherent in the program have become intolerable, particularly the amount of memory it requires to do so many things. I did not renew Norton Internet Security because I wanted to reclaim control of my computer.I wanted a simple program, without as many bells and whistles and that would run under the radar and using as few memory resources as possible. Memory is a big issue for me because I use programs, such as Photoshop, which can require a lot of memory and I am not pleased when a random process kicks in and allocates memory for its purposes instead of mine. However, I may have gone a bit too far in the other direction by selecting this program.Granted, it is a simple program. It is easy to install, to configure, and to run. It does appear to be doing a good job of blocking threats (nothing major, so far, thank heavens) and picking up spyware. It does all this leaving a small footprint and I hardly notice it running in the background. It doesn't constantly feel it has to tell me what it's doing, it just does it.It does protect from viruses and spyware. It does not protect from a vague internet menace called "malicious downloads from websites". Talk about feeling vulnerable! But, instead, it will protect me (since I'm the only person who uses my computer) from changing making changes to my applications. Wouldn't it be more logical to give me protection from web-based threats and leave the management of non-web programs to me?I realized that I wouldn't get SPAM protection and other goodies and I was willing to repeatedly press "delete" in exchange for simplicity and a small memory footprint, but I did think that I would be protected from whatever web-based threat a moderately intelligent and cautious internet user can be exposed to. I should have read the box more carefully, but now that I know it doesn't, I just don't feel very secure.
I seemed to be on an evaluation kick for AntiVirus+AntiSpyware products lately, with Trend Micro providing the latest for me to check out.I will say that out of the box, I'm more pleased with the installation process for this product than I am with the uninstall process of the latest product I was evaluating (Sunbelt Software's VIPRE product).  I encountered 'strange issues' with the installation of that product that seemed to compound themselves when it became time to remove the product and switch to a different one.I would note that I never had such issues with the free product that I previously used and think I most favor.  That product would be Avast 4 Home.  Avast provides a full featured product that home users may obtain for free, though they also provide products that are not free for those that want a supported product to use.As commercial products go Trend Micro's AntiVirus + Antispyware 2009 is perfectly adequate, but not much more than that.  It's a basic product that provides enough coverage to meet basic requirements.  If you want more, you can opt to purchase a more feature rich product, from Trend Micro or from another producer of such software, though you should expect to pay more in doing so.
I decided to knock off a star as their marketing claims it's easy to use.  My experience with the product indicates otherwise.  That's not to say it's worse than the others, but there are some aggravating features you will encounter when using it.It is designed to work on Windows 2000 SP4, XP, and Vista with 150MB of free hard disk space.  No comprehensive manual is included in the retail box, just a tiny installation guide with some basics of what the different features do.  Instead they give you a thick notepad of blank paper for some odd reason.  I expect the added weight of shipping this notepad costs the company more than the notepad itself.  Strange addition, but whatever, I used it to jot down notes for this review.Installation is a rather long and laborious process that required more reboots than any other program I've used.  We're used to the standard reboot after installation.  For some reason, I had to reboot this software three times.  In addition, following one of the reboots, a warning message popped up asking me whether I wanted to allow a certain program to execute.  This brings up one of the gripes I have about almost all of the security programs out there.  They may be good at flagging potential problems but they're bad at helping you make an informed decision and PC Tools is no exception.  It gave me the filename and I was able to determine where it was located on my hard drive, but while I was searching out the file for more information the alert disappeared.  It turned out to be an Intel file related to WiFi access but because PC Tools blocked it I would get an error message during startup.  Figuring out how to get it to allow access turned into a hassle.  I couldn't find any information in the help file or the installation guide.  Finally, I discovered the file in the firewall settings and reset the permissions to allow access.  Definitely not a process that's easy for security noobs.My third and final reboot took almost 20 minutes.  I don't know what was happening in the background but it did seem to slow down my computer during this time in spite of already updating everything.  As for the program itself, it seems to work fine once everything is running.  Scans take the same amount of time as other software I've tested (Bitdefender, Comodo, Kaspersky) but even when you're not scanning it seems to slow down the computer slightly.  The install guide warns their real-time protection called Intelliguard can consume CPU resources but real-time protection is what you want, right?  I'm not impressed with their Anti-Spam either as it seems to do little more than mark messages as spam.Aside from these gripes it does appear to have a comprehensive list of tools it uses to prevent nasties from creeping into your system.  This includes prevention against changes to browser, network, and startup settings as well and scanning for malicious attachments to incoming and outgoing email attachments.  Their firewall was highly rated by a testing firm known as matousec and updates are automatic.  Also, protection is allowed on up to 3 computers.  Still, a lot of the features such as data handshake SPI and stealth mode you'd need to be an expert in order to figure out whether they're working properly.  It's not as automatic as the marketing seems to imply.My laptop has unwillingly become the testing ground for security products due to the problems I've experienced with the competition.  In the meantime I've settled on Comodo Internet Security for my main PC.  If I had purchased only PC Tools Internet Security I'd be happy with it once the initial setup aggravation was fixed, but the slowdown it causes my computer when it's running is what is keeping me from switching from Comodo to it.
The installation was fast and easy, although it did require 3 reboots at first, and then 2 later on.I found the initial system scan to be very fast.  Much faster than I'd expected, in fact.I did have extreme issues with the anti-spam function.  It marked all the email from my direct family as SPAM and slowed my email client, Outlook 2002, to a crawl, so I had to disable that and can't seem to use that function.  This could be because this system is ancient, and I have 50 gazillion emails anyway.  I'm not sure why - but it simply didn't work right.  Besides, Outlook was doing fine culling spam anyway, so the degraded performance and annoying screw ups marking friendly emails as bad was not worth it.I noticed that my Logitech G15 Gaming keyboard, which was running fine before installation, kept crashing.  The crashes were extreme too - my system would slow and I could not get into process manager to stop anything - just a clear runaway process that eventually caused the entire system to crash.Just to check, I removed my keyboard and put a standard one on for a while.  No more problems, freeze ups, or crashes. I don't think it is the extra display - my system already uses multiple displays and that was not a problem with a regular keyboard.With the keyboard gone, the firewall and other features, minus the anti-spam, ran great, and my system performance was smooth.Unfortunately, I prefer my g15 to this software, so I'll be uninstalling it and using it on another pc that has more standard hardware.
Synopsis:This product has a great set of tools, pretty much everything that you would want to have in an integrated security suite.  I would give it 4, maybe 5 stars, for the scanning capabilities (antivirus, spyware, etc), but I had a lot of trouble getting the firewall to behave properly on Windows XP SP 3. The anti-malware scanning seems to be top-notch, with the anti-spyware being industry recognized as a best of breed product. The firewall leaves a bit to be desired and has too many pop-ups requesting permission.  PC Tools offers a version of the product which is all the scanning without the firewall, I'd probably get that and then get the highly rated free "Sunbelt" software firewall (google it). I'd feel comfortable knowing that I had a high quality anti-malware program (PC Tools antivirus premium) watching out for me.Details:I reformatted a three year old computer and installed Windows XP with Service Pack 3.  This meant I had a clean installation.  I then copied my backed up "My Documents" folder onto the system.  I then installed PC Tools. The initial install seemed to go great. I ran a scan of the system, which was quite speedy and very easy to do.  The software found 4 threats which the previous free product (AVG antivirus) hadn't found.  It also fixed the threats very easily.  Given that AVG is a commonly recommended free scanning utility and PC Tools software immediately found and fixed problems that AVG missed, I've decided it isn't worth risking my computer to free anti-virus programs.However, my internet connection did not work immediately following the install.  After some investigation I determined that the firewall was being overly restrictive and was blocking absolutely everything.  I had to turn down the security level and manually add in exceptions for things such as Internet Explorer.  After that it seemed to run okay, but I was bothered with quite a few pop ups from the firewall asking for permission from quite a few programs that were legitimate programs. I tried doing the smart update on the product several times to update it, but was still actually quite dismayed when I found that the free firewall on the PC Tools site carried a newer version than the firewall included in this product.  So, I'm not too sure why I would pay for their security suite with an older integrated firewall.I've read a lot about security suites in the past year and it truly seems to me that you can either get the best scanning suites or the best firewall products, but you won't find a single vendor that offers the best of both worlds in single suite.  It is a bit of a pain, but your best protection will come from mixing products.  Just do NOT  mix more than one firewall or more than one scanning suite unless your are quite sure of what you are doing or you may end up with a very, very slow computer.
This is another spyware tool offered from the ether.  Currently, I run Windows XP SP3 with a hefty (75%) full hard drive and an old HP ZD8000.  I currently have an assumed "clean" system cleaned by Norton and McAfee.  This is the test system I used with PC Tools Spyware Doctor (PCTSD).Cost: PCTSD is a little pricey.  It's $30, where most of its established competitors are $20, and some are even free (spybot, adaware).Installation: PCTSD is a simple install.  Put disk in, auto-loads, and asks the basic install questions.Performance: PCTSD didn't pick up anything on my HP, but again it is assumed to be a clean system.  However, when reviewing large zipped files, it stalled repeatedly.  This may be an indicator of a bug, but it is annoying nonetheless.  It also (like McAfee) likes to ping the network excessively to make sure your version of the software is legal.  Another annoying bug since once you first verify the software, it should not be able to be changed moments later to a fake version.Overall: I think the average user should pass on this--too expensive considering the performance.  I'll stick with spybot and adaware until PCTSD gets an upgrade, and hopefully comes out less expensive.
Installation was difficult, stressful and very long. It was many hours of aggravation installing it.After installing from the disk, the activation code did not work and the product was not responding.  So I had to call tech support.  I was told that I would have to uninstall what I already had done and then go to their website and download the product and use a new activation code.  They sent me email which I printed out with the instructions.  I noticed that the directions in the email contained erroneous selections.(nice job).  Also I realized that I had installed the software while my anti-virus program was running (I don't know if this caused any problem or not).  So I turned off my anti-virus program and installed the downloaded software.  I was able to register it then.  The directions in the manual do not specify whether to turn off anti-virus before installation. Are customers just supposed to guess at this?  I would think that telling people about that would lessen the work load of their tech support.This product is supposedly very good at finding spyware that other products do not but, it is a lot slower.  My first full scan is going on 2 hours and it says file scan 58% done total progress 28%.  Also it says "no threats detected so far" which is a good thing.  I try to keep my computer cleaned up.  I was told in the email that when the first full scan finishes I am then supposed to restart the computer and run a full scan again.  My experience is this software is taking a really long time to install and get my first scan results....hours and hours.....still scanning.......Customer service technicians were friendly and helpful but, could not explain my first registration problem.  Also they did not mention anti-virus problems during installation.....I had to bring up that possibility.The low price should not be a consideration in determining whether or not to buy this product. Efficiency, or lack of it would be the most important determinate.I would never recommend this software, there are others that have smoother installation/registration.
Anti-virus and spyware programs offer some of the choicest morsels in the freeware phenomenon.This program is typical of its commercial genre: big, slow and a resource hog. Anti-virus and spyware programs should be left to run t night or whenever else you are not using the computer.I don't have any kind of formal procedure for testing spyware programs. I run a commercial anti-virus and spyware package and occasionally run freeware programs to see how each performs against the others. PCTools Spyware Doctor isn't perfect when measured against competitors. It didn't miss anything on my pretty clean system, nor did it find anything the others didn't. Identifying actual malware from entities such as legitimate Registry entries and Cookies is as tedious as it is with other programs and not as bad as some others. The great danger of these programs is that for many users, they are dangerous weapons - it is very simple to delete a critical Registry entry.Overall, I think experienced users would probably be just as happy - if not happier - with one of the well known freeware products. Inexperienced users might be better served with a better featured program that includes anti-virus capabilities.Jerry
I was excited to see what differences PCTOOLS offered in comparison to the big two anti-virus software makers.Alas I failed to read the small print.  This does not work with 64-bit operating systems.I was excited because not only is this a full fledged spyware program it also includes virus protection at a reasonable price.  Additionally this program is licensed for up to 3 users.
I'm in charge of keeping 5 computers healthy and bug-free (two at home, 3 at work), so I am always on the lookout for easy programs that work quietly in the background to keep them all working well.All my computers are currently running this setup:Avira AntiVir Personal (free edition at home, paid at work)Windows Defender (free)CC Cleaner  (free)Ad Aware (free)AusLogics Disk Defrag (free)Eusing Free Registry Cleaner (free)Spybot - Search & Destroy (free)Some of these programs run in the background and offer protection (Avira, Windows Defender).  The others I run about once a month, more frequently if we're adding or removing lots of programs.In testing Spyware Doctor, I used my laptop as the first guinea pig.  Initially I booted the computer up and measured the time it took - just under a minute.  Without running any regular scans, I uninstalled all the above named products, and re-booted twice, again checking the time it took - again just under a minute.I installed Spyware Doctor and did two boots - checking the clock on the second boot - startup now takes nearly 3 minutes.I updated Spyware Doctor and ran a full scan.  The Doctor caught 7 groups of items, 1 'critical' and the rest 'negligible'.  After checking through the list, I determined that many of the negligibles were cookies I wanted to keep.  I de-selected these and had the Doctor clean the rest.Next, I re-installed my regular regimen of free programs.  Running Ad-Aware, CC Cleaner and Spybot gleaned a total of more than 70 items that Spyware Doctor missed.  There were two critical items and the rest were just cookies and other junk that gets dumped on our computers when we surf the net.  Not really security issues but not necessary either.For the next test, I moved to my desktop at home.  This has the same regimen of free programs.  I ran all those programs first, finding and deleting about 40 items in all.  I uninstalled the freeware and installed Spyware Doctor.  Startup times again increased by about 45 seconds to 1 minute.  I ran Spyware Doctor, which found 4 negligibles that were cookies I wanted to keep.So, is Spyware Doctor a good product?  Yes, it does a decent job of finding and removing junk.  It is simple to use and is a great option for people who don't want to worry about an active defense.Would I recommend it to everyone?  No.  If you are willing to spend a few minutes a month running a couple of free programs, you will have slightly better results and your computer will boot up and run faster.  You will save money.It's up to the individual user to decide which category they fall in.  If you are willing to take some effort, go for the free programs.  If you don't want the hassle, purchase Spyware Doctor.
I am the Grandpa who got this product. Grandma is helping me test it out.  Grandma loves it. Grandpa is iffy. Hence the mediocre star rating.Grandma is all into scrapbooks, scanning old pictures, etc. There are plenty of bells and whistles built in to let a scrapbooker scrap to his or her hearts content.  Thats on the positive side.Grandpa has doubts about moving away from a simple preservation of the photos into Corel format.  He asks himself, where will this product--and the pictures it has swallowed--be in five or ten years.  Looking down the road, I am unsure whether this product--or any for that matter--will help preserve our valuable and irreplaceable family pictures for future generations.
Photo Album 7 is the latest offering from Corel, and is a 'scaled down' version of their more beefed up commercial product.The install is quite easy - I installed on a Vista Home PC, and had no issues.  Once installed, this program will inventory your PC for photos, and puts them up in a fairly intuitive filing system.It has all the standard features one would expect.Try Picassa before shelling out the $'s for this to make sure that a free product doesn't suit the bill for your usage.  If you don't care for Picassa, this is a step up and will most likely be satisfactory.
The program installed fairly easily.  My software disk is apparently off balance and made quite a racket in the drive.  I don't know if this is an issue with my disk only, or if it is more widespread.  Nevertheless, it didn't adversely affect installation.  I was prompted during the install to select whether I wanted the program to automatically update.  I selected yes, however, regardless of your selection, it can later be toggled on or off in the system preferences.  When the program starts, you are greeted by two screens, the browser screen and the launch screen.  The launch screen can take you quickly to any area, (such as "Browse", "Enhance", "Create" or their respective sub-groups) of the application.  You can toggle the launch screen on and off as well.  Browse works similar to the competitors, such as iPhoto and Picasa.  You can scan your PC, organize, and group photos by date, event, tag, etc. You can also automatically download new photos from cameras, removable drives, and media through the program.  Once your photos are organized, the program offers basic retouching tools such as quick fix, red eye tool, crop tool, rotation, and alignment.  You can also further adjust warmth, brightness, saturation, contrast, and focus.  Unfortunately, that's about it.  There are plenty of enhancement options such as converting to black and white, sepia tone, adding clip art pictures, frames, text, and several other fun features.  There is an option on the disk to install hundreds of additional clip art images any time you wish as a separate install from the main application.  This is good if you are concerned about disk space and don't want to immediately commit either way.  They also have a link within the program to smilebox.  You can create plenty of neat online greeting cards, collages, and scrap books there.  If you register the program, they also give you a link to download even more creative content such as additional frames, edges, etc.  If you already have a Corel ID, all you need to do is sign in and you'll get the link.  New users will have to complete the full registration process (if desired).Overall, the program is very easy to use and offers retouching and creative features which should satisfy most home users.  The features are presented in a nice clear logical manner and you don't have to drill through tons of sub-menus to find the feature you need.  Even computer novices will find this program easy to use.  Obviously, if you need more fine-control over image manipulation, you should look for a more advanced product.  This is perfect for the market for which it is intended, those who are looking for something to help them easily organize, edit, and share, and get creative with their digital photos.  Although similar programs like Picasa, are freely available on the web, this program does offer considerably more creative features.  Therefore, I suggest this program if you want to get creative or have fun with your photos.  However, if all you need is a simple organizer and editor, it's hard to suggest this over the free offerings.  One little thing before I conclude; I didn't like all of the shameless plugs in the program to upgrade to Corel Paint Shop Pro. There is "News" window in which the only "news" is an ad for Paint Shop Pro.  There is even an "Advanced Editing" button in the menu that, instead of bringing up a series of advanced tools, takes you to a web page to order...surprise..surprise... Paint Shop Pro.  Yes, a button in the tools menu that takes you to a page to upgrade to something better (and more expensive).  I have never been a fan of advertising in purchased programs, especially when it's thrust right in your face.  It irritated me enough to take a star off the rating based on that alone.  Other than that, the application is recommended if you're in search of a nice inexpensive editor.
This software package helps you transfer digital photos to your PC, perform rudimentary editing and package them into photo "trays". It includes some clip art that be used to build a snapshot show.It runs with it's own GUI interface that takes some getting used to. I tried to improve a photo image using this product, but it connected me to a web page with an attempt to sell me more software.For what I want to do, I have found nothing the software does that I can't do with Windows XP and MS PowerPoint. Because I already had these software tools, and knew how to use them, I feel the Photo Album 7 package just gets in the way.
I work with LOTS of photos and home movies in my free time, having made a few DVD's already to share with family at Christmas and other special events.  When I first started experimtenting with photo editing back in the mid 1990's, I preferred Corel to Paint shop and other programs available (not that there were many.)Then I wasn't able to get upgrades to Corel, but Paint Shop Pro was available, so I was forced to use that.  After a while, I got used to Paint Shop Pro, and have happily used it for a several years now.When I had the opportunity to try out the latest Corel software, I was excited.  I was looking forward to having more editing power and features I'd been accustomed to in earlier versions of Corel, and I hoped it would be easy to make DVD's.When I first put in the software disk, it made a loud buzzing noise, as though it were slightly warped and vibrating/scraping something in the disk holder.  It functioned ok despite this, but it's an annoying buzzing/vibrating sound that can be heard as far as the room at the other end of the hallway.Next, I tried editing a photo or two.  I took out some "red eye" on a photo, and the software seemed to do a better job than others I had tried.I tried the "teeth whitening" and found that it did a better job than I would have suspected, though the edges stand out a little bit too much and make it seem obviously "computer enhanced" sometimes.  Thank goodness a photo editor finally added this feature though.The "suntan" feature added a blothy reddish hue to skin tones I tried it on, so that needs some work yet.  It had some of the other usual photo tools and features (like auto picture fix) that I'd used on other programs, and it did average with that.The disappointment came when I tried to copy a digital video from my video camera to the Corel program to make a DVD.  It couldn't find my digital movies.  My computer had no problem finding the files, and importing them, but Corel just sat dead when I selected the folder to open.I tried working with it for another half hour or so, and never had any luck. The software is not as user friendly as other programs. In this day and age, software is usually pretty "idiot proof" and shouldn't require much reading or thought on the part of the user.  So this aspect of the Corel software was VERY disappointing.  Having used Roxio, and knowing that this Corel Photo software was in partnership with Roxio, I couldn't understand why I was having so much trouble getting video in to the program.
It didn't take long to recognize that Photo Album 7 is a nice program for people who want to keep the family photos on their computer, maybe use them for some minor publishing of things like calendars or holiday cards.  Its functionality with photos doesn't go a whole lot past fixing red eye, adding cute frames or keeping track of what photos are where on your hard drive. (Don't discount this last; most people are not good about organizing their drives and spend way too much time searching for things.)My needs as an artist and artisan are a little more complex.  I have a dedicated hard drive for my images, and I'm an almost daily user of Photoshop.  By comparison Photo Album looks like a toy.  It does have a pretty interface, but doesn't tell you much, and lets you do even less.  I found the controls cumbersome and unreliable, and the program a little slow over-all.  Touch-ups are limited and applied with a  heavy hand.However, in all fairness it must be said that most users will only ever need this much functionality, and won't have an image collection that takes forever to catalog. They'll enjoy the effects even if its sometimes difficult to apply them with precision, and if they stick to it, I'm thinking they'll  produce images they can be happy with.  This program would probably prove invaluable to scrapbookers.If you're looking for something more functional, look at Corel's higher end products such as Graphics Suite or Paint Shop Pro.
Adobe Photoshop Elements 7OS Environments evaluated: XP Pro / Home SP-2 and Vista Home Premium SP-1This was my first time using Adobe Photoshop Elements and I was intrigued because I have heard so much about Adobe Photoshop in the past. I was not entirely sure what Elements was comprised of other than the tidbits I picked up off Wikipedia and other web resources. My previous experience with raster image software (basically simple programs to edit/crop/adjust images) had been with MS Paint, Office Image Editor, Paint Shop Pro, and even the open-source program GIMP. They are all generally the same because they offer layers, different selection tools, color and brightness/gamma adjustments, and resize algorithms. The biggest differences are in load times, application size, resource usage, interface usability, and overall speed.The system requirements include Windows XP SP-2 or SP-3, or Vista with at least 1GB of RAM, 2GHz or faster processor, and at least 1.5GB of hard drive space. Of course, if you are going to be working many photos, then you will want a much larger hard drive especially with 1 TB (terabyte) drives dropping in price!Some of the new features advertised on the box are a scene cleaner where you can use multiple shots of the same scene to create a composite image, eliminating crowds or other elements that you want to remove. The same theory applies to the group shot feature and panorama. The problem with this is you must take multiple images and there is no easy way to determine if you took enough photos from the right angle to get the images to lineup. It is an interesting tool, but unless you are using a tripod in a relatively controlled environment, the final product is not going to be as clean.The more interesting features were the teeth whitener and bluer sky touchup filters. In the past, I simply created a selection on teeth and adjusted the brightness, contrast, or gamma to create the right shade of white appropriate for the photo. I wanted to give Adobe's built-in functions a try, but I found Photoshop Element 7's teeth whitener to be extremely clunky as it kept creating a larger selection rather than increase the whiteness. The user must select "New Selection" to increase the whiteness each time. Locating this tool was already a pain, as I had to consult the help, except F1 just activates your web browser and takes you to Adobe's website. After I quizzed the query box about whitening teeth and wasting 15 minutes trying to find a dodge tool, I discovered that the help site also links regular Photoshop content with Photoshop elements. I also found out there is no dodge tool in Photoshop Elements. Eventually I did find the teeth whitener, blue sky, and some other touch up tools located under Quick Fixes -> Touch Up.The opening screen for Photoshop Elements reeks of a simple idiot-proof program as it allows you to Share, Create, Edit, or Organize. The option to create an account at [...] and signing-in is very annoying. It is very simple and cumbersome at the same time, since if you choose one option and decide to do something else, it requires more menu navigation. Bottom line is that it overcomplicates something simple by making it appear simple, sort of like Windows Vista and its Aero interface. What Adobe should have done is use a simple screen asking if the user wants to use a wizard or the base program and to remember this selection in the future.My biggest gripe with Photoshop Elements is how clunky the user interface is and how it does not allow the use of the scroll wheel for zooming by default. In almost any web app (Google Maps) or application, the scroll wheel defaults as a zoom tool for convenience. It is either that, or the user can hold Ctrl and use the wheel as zoom. Neither of these commonly used options works in Photoshop Elements. The user must use the magnifying glass tool to "Zoom In" or "Zoom Out" or go into Edit -> Preferences -> Enable Zoom with Scroll Wheel (thanks to a reader that provided this tip). Adobe should enable the zoom by scroll wheel option by default.Not all is lost as I found that Photoshop Elements offers an extremely flexible print interface. The options are choosing scaling, centering, etc... but with real-time feedback and direct scaling of the photo with the mouse. Every application should allow this, including Acrobat and Microsoft Applications. I find it disheartening that many modern applications, such as IE7, FireFox, and even Acrobat 9 do not allow direct scaling of documents ready for print. Many web pages use obscure coding or framing to make them feel "unique" but produce the worst printouts (empty pages or frames that cut into half the document). Paint Shop applications often allow some degree of tweaking during a print-preview session but do not offer the same flexibility and real-time feedback as Photoshop Elements. Dynamic cropping should also be standard across all modern productivity applications.Pros: Decent load times on modern laptops and PCs, flexible print-preview and direct scaling of photographs prior to print outs, has all of the basic features an average photo enthusiast needs without the full cost of Photoshop.Cons: The zoom feature should have been linked to the scroll wheel for easier zooming while performing other tasks. Many of the touchup tools are "hidden" away and requires some time to locate them. The usability of Photoshop Elements 7 needs improvement.Overall: There are many options in the basic to intermediate level raster/vector photoshop app market, even some that are very robust and free like GIMP. I do like the Adobe interface but it is often difficult to do the simplest tasks because the user has to find the right button or find the right menu that has the button. Power users would not like Photoshop Elements since it lacks many of the professional level tools from the regular Photoshop CS3-CS4. However, Photoshop Elements costs 1/10 that of CS3 or CS4, which is astounding since I feel it is still quite expensive for the simple features it offers. I would recommend looking at open-source alternatives such as GIMP or less expensive but more popular options like Paintshop Pro (before Corel bought out Jasc in 2004).
This is a review ofAdobe Photoshop Elements 7(PSE7) - so this review should not be applied to other versions or other bundles.If you are new to photography, and are looking for a first time editing tool, to manage, edit, and enhance photographs, this might be too much for you, unless you are willing to learn it.  There are products with less features, some online versions are actually free, that might be just what you need to get started as they do all the basic things that most people will use.  In time however, you will need this product or something like it.  I caution you to just start with this one, as it's complicated, and powerful, and sometimes not as intuitive as one would like.If you are upgrading from a prior version of Photoshop Elements, then I'm not sure that this version is worth it for you.  Yes, there are some new capabilities, but a lot of the changes are just changes... some for the better, some for worse, and some are just different - and if you really got good with a prior version, this version will bring with it a learning curve that you will not be real happy with.  I was pretty good with Photoshop Elements 4, and the jump to 7 was a shock.  I like the new capabilities, but I do NOT like the learning curve, and it is a big change.  The good news is that you don't have to un-install the prior version(s) to run PSE7.  You can't run PSE7 and the older version at the same time, but keeping both versions on my PC has been helpful for some things I was just really good at using the old version (PSE4 in my case).If you have been using one of the free photograph editing tools, or a really old product, or a scaled down version that came with your PC, then I recommend this product to you!  You don't need to spend hundreds for the full blown professional tools from Adobe (such asAdobe Photoshop CS3orAdobe Photoshop CS4).  PSE7 will do all and more than you will probably need.  The marketing materials on Amazon describe this product in general - but believe me, it can do many many more things and with numerous embedded tools, filters, techniques, that no single review could ever hope to document.  There are college level classes that teach Photoshop (sure, many are geared at the professional version, but most of the techniques apply to this version too).
I loaded this program recently, and found that it is up to the tasks that a 'regular user' - such as myself - will require.  The install is easy, and storyboarding, and adding effects are simple.I have to ask myself though, what does this do that MS Movie Maker doesn't already do?  The answer is that you must register and pay a fee $$ to use some of the slicker features.
I have been shooting home movies using a Sony  MiniDV format camcorder for about six years now.  Over that period, I have used more brands and versions of video editing software that I'd really like to admit to - at least 7 or 8.  For a while, the basic Pinnacle seemed adequate but the eventual bugs reported by so many others began to pop up with it. AIST's "Movie X One" and CyberLink's "Power Director" were tried and found to be unsatisfactory.  Various versions of Roxio, Sony's "Vegas" packages and Corel's "Video Studio" came and went. My recent experience with Adobe Premiere 7 causes me to recommend that the immediately previous version 4 is probably the overall best amateur video editing software on the market today.Shortly before upgrading my computer to one with Vista Premium, I tried the (now obsolete for Vista) Premiere Elements 2.  Although marketed as being for non-professionals, the learning curve was pretty steep for me, but I managed to produce DVDs that were perfectly acceptable for family memories.  Unlike most of the other programs, Adobe Premiere Elements did not freeze up requiring hours of re-capturing the same video over and over again. I believe it was worth the change and I was delighted to find something that worked well for me.Following my hardware upgrade, I moved up to Premiere Elements Version 4 which is compliant with Vista.I liked Version 4 a lot.  Having mastered most of the bells and whistles in Version 2, it was not especially intimidating.  When I became aware that Adobe had released Version 7, I felt like Woody Allen waking up after many years in his classic film, "Sleeper" to find out that a lot of things had changed and that I had missed a great many things.  Well, I was wrong.  The differences between Versions 4 and 7 are not especially substantial (unless you are a U-Tube videographer or are interested in using Adobe's on-line storage site - neither of which is of interest to me.)  As it turns out, I did not miss Versions 5 or 6 - They never existed.  Apparently the jump from 4 to 7 as designations was more driven by the wish to have the version number compliant with Adobe's newest version of its Photoshop software.I will not reiterate all the technical information about Version 7 here - You can read it online or on the box.  The focus here is on my subjective experience with the product.I need note that because my camera does not capture video in an HDTV format, I was not able to experiment with Version 7's tools specifically designed for use with that category of video.There are, of course, changes.  Some of the automated features, like AVCHD can come in handy for people who take HD video and some can seemingly fun and user friendly (by manual definition) heavily automated tools that are useful in  integrating stills or slideshows as integrated parts of your video (Videomerge) or in creating complete `professionally looking edited movies using the built in editor (Movie Theme) and video creator that actually chopped and diced my clips into such shreds that I needed to shoot most of the footage over and re-edit it manually to get the product I was after. The Audio Integration feature is nice but does not make up for the additional twists, turns and intermittent instabilities in this new version.Most certainly, Version 7 is better integrated with the Photoshop website, for those who choose to take advantage of that capacity. I don't.As a somewhat experienced  home and family videographer, I chose to uninstall Version 7 and returned to Version 4 which, though a tad less technically sophisticated, I found easier to use and a more reliable program for creating videos as I really wanted them to look. Less automation can equal greater control and choice. That is the case here.There is no doubt but that there are improvements in this version.  Personally, I found too many of the new `features' to be unnecessary hurdles rather than helpers to me.Video software is a VERY subjective experience.  There is hardly a program out there that is not both sworn by and sworn at.  In this particular instance, I think that someone new to Premiere Elements might be entirely satisfied with Version 7 while someone else (more like me) might well prefer to stick with the reliably stable and comparatively straight forward Version 4.I definitely prefer the Adobe programs to any of the other video editing software I have tried, but in this rather unusual instance, newer and more features do not necessarily equal a better product.
Adobe Premiere Elements 7is a very useful program for video editing on your PC.  I took a great deal of time using the program over several months becaus I wanted to really get into the nitty gritty of what has been changed and what has been carried over from prior versions.  While many alternative products have improved by leaps and points, Premiere Elements has actually regressed in certain ways, which is unfortunate.  I still use it for several of my Windows workstations, but I am going to have to take a long and hard look at the next version.  If there aren't significant improvements I may switch to another platform altogether.FEATURES AND PERFORMANCEThe list of compatible formats is more than just a bullet-list for marketing purposes.  It's great that AVCHD is supported.  But the limited support for MP4 is VERY disappointing.  More devices are using AVC natively, but MP4 is by far the most common video standard for web video.  There is some support under Quicktime, but I do not want to be married to Quicktime's format, or any other format for that matter.  The fact that I have to juggle which formats are supported by which programs is an unacceptable hassle.  This program needs some serious work before it is truly going to be the program of choice again.Now, I had heard about some software issues surrounding this version of PE.  I configured a dedicated system with more RAM and computing power than should be necessary.  The results were still pretty disappointing.  This thing is slow and unstable.That's not to say that it's not useful.  The results can be impressive, but it's often painful to get to the finish line with this application.  In terms of the video finalization process, this program was equally slow as some of the free programs that are available bundled with cameras or online, like Muvee.Ironically, this program's feature set is really ideal for beginners in video editing.  Yet the problems with software and configuration issues means you need some degree of familiarity in order to get the most out of the product.  That's a terrible catch 22 and the main reason I can only give this an average to mediocre rating at best.ALTERNATIVESFrankly, if you have a Mac, iMovie may be a better program for you all around. It may not be able to do everything that PE does but it is much more stable and has a better interface.  That's not something I could have said with previous versions of Premiere Elements.Sony Vegas Movie Studio 9 Platinum Pro Packis the program that most often comes up when people discuss affordable video editing software.  I need to spend more time with that program before I can make a judgement.  While the pro version is slightly more money, the basic version is in the same price range as Premiere Elements.I have usedCorel Ulead VideoStudio 11.5 Plusfor the last few versions and I don't think that it has as many features, though using it requires less of a learning curve.  Corel also has the more robustCorel VideoStudio Pro X2, which is apparently going to be their focus going forward.CyberlinkPowerDirector7 Ultra(as well as Power Producer) also is a consideration.  The basic version can do some of the things that PE can do, and seem better designed for user friendliness.  I suppose I am less impressed with the power of the basic Cyberlink programs, but at least they work.  Once again, the Ultra is worth a try as it seems to have many of the higher end features that people look for in video editing software.Pinnacle Studiois the application that I have had the most general success with over long term use, in terms of usability and reliability.  The problem is that, for a few reasons, I only have an older version of it installed on a machine that is dedicated for another purpose.  I may even consider buying an additional copy of the newest version of that for my workstation depending on a few other programs I am trying out.While there are a lot of alternatives, none of them is a slam dunk winner for me yet.  I will update this as I am currently testing several other programs now.CONCLUSIONThis is still an OK program, and it will do the job.  Not to mention, everything you know from previous PE versions is here.  But Adobe has to improve some major upgrades, and fast, before this program becomes a backwater.  Most alternatives also have their flaws, but competing programs have improved much more than this one.  Soon they may completely overtake Premiere Elements unless some serious improvements are made.Good luck with it.
While this is a nice program, my son, who is currently using Sony Vegas 7 & is familiar with Adobe After Effects, (Both GREAT programs, but VERY $$) says while this is in no way comparable to those 2 programs, it is a good value for what it has to offer, BUT if you are more than an occasional user, you may want to take this into consideration, to see the TOTAL cost, as what you buy here is NOT comprehensive.FIRST- You HAVE to register in order to use most of the editing features, & as additional kick in the pants they require you to pay an additional $50.00 to use any of the dvd themes, something they fail to mention up front. They show you what the dvd themes look like, (a "preview") but you can't use them...... unless you pay an additional "subscription" (of $50.00) that will give you an additional 20 gb of online storage, & again this is an ANNUAL FEE!Soooo given this extra info I hope there will be no hidden surprizes & you can (or not!) puchase this knowing  what to expect!
I was excited to receive this product.  But after a couple hours with it, I haven't accomplished anything and my head hurts.Help  -  Online... What if I'm not connected to internet?  No Help?Add Files... No search and add to repository - must go find files manually?Add Media... File browser hoplessly general AND hopelessly specific - can't get "all movies" or "all still images", etc.Organizer... Project oriented - means must search elements for every project...- every drag and drop changes view away from last selectedCapture...  Found webcam without any problem (wow)Drag Clips... After bottom row is full must scroll to drop next clip - doesn't automatically reveal next open boxVideo Sizing - no key-sequence or other control to maintain aspect ratioI thrashed through a number of attempts to configure the product for easy follow-up use.  I didn't manage to configure the software for anything but the current project.Thrash was the mode of operation and very quickly grew tiresome.There's a lot of power here but it just looks like a program written for programmers who live to program.  For people who want to get in, get something done, and get on with life, it's a disaster.I gave it a medium rating because even though it's not for me, I am sure there are people who will love the thrash, gadgets and do-dads.
If you're new to this software, it's pretty intuitive and gives you an easy way to edit your pictures and video. However with resident and free programs getting better every day, one expects the Adobe programs to simply work and work well. However, it is not the case if you're using Vista or even Windows 7. It really slows down the performance, and I have a pretty powerful system so I am mystified. Some of the free programs seem to work faster.Having used the pro versions of both Photoshop and Premiere I think Elements gives all the tools needed for casual/amateur photo and video editing and the interface is nicer than some other programs. However, one wishes that there were less compatibility issues and everything would work seamlessly. You also need a lot of space for these programs so if you plan to use them on your notebook make sure you get a more powerful system.
It has HD editing capabilities but I don't have any HD so I can't comment on how well this works. Other than that it is basically the same as the other Adobe editing software that I have used for many years but I find it is much too bloated and uses too much resources this really needs to be remedied since it will crash if trying to work onsomething a little intensive, takes more time to load than some other softwares, they have not made the software any more intuitive which would have helped immensely with this product, if I don't use it for a while then I forget where to find some things.If you have HD then the upgrade is worth it otherwise save your money.
It's taken me a long time to get to writing a review of this product for a relatively simple reason. First, it would not install under Windows Vista Ultimate 32-bit until I had to do a complete reinstall of the operating system. Both parts of the package did install under Vista Home Premium 64-bit, but stability has been a problem, particularly with Premiere Elements 7.In preparation for this review, as a matter of fact, I was working on a small editing project. After about a half hour of work splitting and trimming scenes, I reached a point where I could add a transition, a simple dissolve. Well, I would have added a dissolve if Premiere Elements hadn't frozen on me. I've given it about 15 minutes in hopes of the problem resolving itself and it has not.Adobe Premiere Elements has been under a lot of pressure from competitive products at around the same price point. The Premiere product has lots of features. It is not at all intuitive, however, and Adobe was one of the first to monetize everything about its products. Why provide a decent manual with the product when you could make more money selling the manual as a book, like the "official training workbooks from Adobe Systems"? As a result, the help files aren't very complete.When it works, Premiere is competitive with other similarly priced products from Magix, Sony, Pinnacle and others. With Version 8 around the corner, I am not in a great hurry to upgrade unless I see some evidence that Premiere 8 is more stable. All the features in the world are meaningless if the program keeps crashing.Photoshop Elements 7 is more dependable and, in my opinion, still ranks as a very versatile photo editing package. Again, Adobe provides pretty poor documentation so if you are new to Photoshop or Photoshop Elements, prepare to spend more on books that stand in for the manual that should have come with the program.I've used the Elements packages for some time. Version 7 suffers from feature bloat and code obesity. On fairly powerful computers, both Premiere and Photoshop Elements ran slowly and I have already mentioned their instability.I think caution is in order both with version 7 and the soon to be released version 8, especially considering that Adobe has effectively raised the price of the upgrade. These have been very troublesome applications for me under Vista. I have not tried them with Windows XP or the soon-to-be-released Windows 7.Jerry
For the price the Adobe Photoshop 7 package that comes complete with Premiere Elements 7 and standard Elements is reasonable for those who have yet to experience Photoshop for the first time. For the advanced user, however, it's somewhat basic. Starting at around $100 you get both video and picture editing software. While the Picture editing software can be very useful for not only pictures and drawing using you pen tablet, the video editing software dwarfs in comparison. It is nowhere near the quality you get from Adobe's more expensive Premiere Pro.Premiere Elements:Elements gives the user nothing more than just a taste a what can be expected from the Pro version. It's basically a much more stable version of Windows Movie Maker with a few extra features. The features range from  better text effects to better video effects that Windows Movie Maker doesn't contain. That's about it.Standard Photoshop Elements :The picture version of Photoshop Elements does still offer most of its many useful features. You can still do many of the enhancements, like Levels, Contrast, Sharpness etc. Along with having the option for layers and some Filtering effects it still would be extremely useful on most occasions for advanced users as well.In conclusion it's a really reasonable price for quality software so users learning and using photoshop for the first time can get a good feel for the program. It's also quite useful for anyone who wants stable and better video editing software along with getting regular photoshop too. Even if you're an artist, it's also extremely useful if you are looking for software to draw in with a pen tablet. Overall alright deal.
This is going to be lengthy, so LET ME START WITH THE BOTTOM LINE. I'm underwhelmed and disappointed in this suite.  I would still buy Photoshop Elements 7 if I didn't have a previous version. It isn't perfect, but the editing tools are very nice and powerful. However, I would not buy Premier Elements. I would look for an alternate video editing suite.  Right now, I would choose Cyberlink Power Director on Windows and just stick with iMovie on the Mac.  Both of these products are slow to load, even on my newer quad core system.The biggest disappointment for both is the usability and stability of the product.  Most people reading this are likely Windows users, but I feel compelled to include iMovie and iPhoto in my rating of this product since I do have a secondary system that is a Mac and have seen the difference in usability. Simply put, those products are very easy to get started on and have excellent help systems.  They don't have quite the feature set of the Adobe products, though.These Adobe products have no built-in help. The help system is not as easy or as fast to use as a normal product help system since it simply launches a browser windows to the Adobe site, which does make it a bit slower. However, the great thing about it is that this means you are always getting the latest help content, assuming you have an internet connection at the time that you need the help.Adobe has added a direct product connection with photoshop.com and this does add some value, but they also have used this as a way to upsell higher level services. I signed up for the basic free account which simply gives you 2GB of online storage. It doesn't include access to additional content, even user generated content. This is definitely a mark against the product since Cyberlink Power Director includes free access to their online community content where there is a lot of great free content. This would be less of an issue, except Adobe continually pushes ads for the premium service in the product. In fact, the main startup screen is little more than an ad which you have to click through each time you start up. The net result of this huge ad is that you get a really lousy startup screen that completely lacks a decent project organizer for existing projects.  I was actually offended at the number of times that Photoshop Elements popped up ads over the interface WHILE I WAS USING IT trying to get me to buy their premium services!PHOTOSHOP ELEMENTS:When it comes to editing, Photoshop Elements is an excellent product and the tools are quite powerful. It is a very good product and is worth buying standalone. I had Photoshop Elements 3 on an older computer and really liked it.  Adobe has made some decent improvements to the editor. Aside from the help system lacking and the constant ads, the only issue I had with it is its image organization. I found that to be difficult to use and buggy.  I tried to "import" my photos from my windows pictures folder and the product kept failing to import the files saying there were errors.  It would then pop up a dialog box with a list of files that it couldn't import and give a reason. Unfortunately 1) It didn't import any files and 2) the dialog box is not resizable which meant I couldn't even see the full file name.  What I did gather is that anything that isn't an actual picture causes it to choke (such a picasa.ini file or a zip file).  I don't know why the thing couldn't just decide to skip those files instead of cause the whole thing to fail.PREMIERE ELEMENTS:The most buggy video editing software that I have ever used. Aside from the crashes, I found it to be sub-par to the user interface (usability) of iMovie on the Mac and sub-par to the power and quickness of Cyberlink Power Director (Vista). The feature set was simply about par for this level of video editing software. Nothing truly exciting that blew me away. My final rating of it is greatly degraded by the instability of the software, but that only seems fair given that I tried quite a bit to overcome the instability to no avail. I spent several FULL days working with it and it seemed to me that the more complex my project got the more often it crashed on me. Towards the end it was crashing at least once every 15 minutes.With regard to the crashes I experienced, I attempted many things to fix it, including uninstalling any other software related to video processing, fully reinstalling QuickTime (required by Premiere Elements, and fully uninstalling Premiere followed by a reinstall. I also went through the Adobe online support site and tried all the suggestions that I found. Nothing fixed the instability. I considered rebuilding my system or creating a boot partition of Windows XP just to see if it worked on XP, but decided it wasn't worth the effort. I am most definitely NOT a novice computer user and I have a system that more than meets the system requirements for this product (Windows Vista loaded on a Q6600 (Quad core) with 3 GB of RAM, a Nvidia 8xxx series GPU, and a 750 GB hard disk.) An off the shelf product should work off the shelf.Since SOME other reviewers do not have instability problems, I must conclude that whether or not you'll experience instability issues is going to be dependent on your exact computer and the software on it. Therefore, I would highly recommend downloading a trial version of the software from Adobe and doing some serious editing before paying for the software. In my opinion, it was probably released before it was fully baked so that it would be available for the 2008 Holiday season and could be packaged with Photoshop Elements 7. As for me, I'll probably be using different software for my video editing.
I am a McAfee fan and like their internet security 2009 and the 2008 before that one when running Windows XP, but this Site Advisor Plus installs like a mystery rider in the night. It only takes a minute to load, but when you go to look for it in the program listings it is not there. Look for it as a desktop icon it is not there. Look for it in add remove programs it is not there. Look for it in the McAfee internet security program that was already installed but didn't contain Security Advisor Plus it is not there. What do you do if you want to remove it? Hmm...So on we go. I already had the free version of Site Advisor working from installing their internet protection, so when I Googled sites, the little check arrow, all green ones that I could see, was next to all the listings, and occasionally you had one with just a question mark, and upon clicking on it you discovered that it had not been scanned by McAfee yet. I purposely ran a test of the free version before installing the Plus version so I would be able to comment on the differences. There wasn't any to my visible eye. According to the product description of SAPlus it protects you in a myriad of places including IM's, email, and more. My email hasn't changed; there already was the spam folder in there from McAfee. So what gives?Ok I found it. Talk about mysterious; the same green McAfee name square box that the free version has, appears in the upper left of sites you are viewing, but when you right click on it, the drop down menu gives you more options, including those specific to the plus version. It allows you to enable it, disable it, and decide if you want McAfee to be able to pull information from your machine anonymously. I will need to use it more over time to see how it interacts with sites, and emails, IM's etc. I can see that it is possible for me to grow to like this program, but for now, I wish there was more to the installation, and that it behaved like a normal install with icons and menu items. If my other experience with McAfee products is any indication of how good this one will be, I am hopeful. Some have had problems loading McAfee in Vista, mostly from earlier versions, but with XP it has been all good for me.
I should begin by noting that I have Norton security products installed on all of my PCs.  With that said, this program seems like an incomplete package.  For what it says it can do, it does do well, but it doesn't add anything to the Norton protection already there (and I would imagine that McAfee has a similar security suite that does all this as well).Therefore, since it does what is says it does, I gave it three stars.  I deduct one star for lack of utility (it works, but why would I need it) and another for difficulty in installation.  The package says it can be installed without disabling other security software, but it would not let me install it unless I disabled Norton Intrnet Security first.  Needless to say, after a trial run, I uninstalled this program from my system.
If you already have McAfee VirusScan Plus 2009, you really don't need this program as most of it is already in that 2009 version.  The shared component is the actual "SiteAdvisor" which places a green, yellow or red circular marker next to ALL your internet choices.  When you click on that marker, detailed information about that website appears.  It is a very nice safeguard.  Obviously, green means the site has been RESEARCHED by McAfee and is okay.  Yellow means it is a site that McAfee has yet to research.  Red means `don't even think about going there unless you are willing to gamble'.The only other items this program contains outside of McAfee VirusScan Plus is "phishing protection" which alerts you to dangerous websites - sites that can potentially gain access to your financial accounts or banking on-line.  You just switch on the "Protected Mode" (controlled with your own password).  It will also check "links" in your Email, so you know if a SPAM Email is potentially dangerous or not.If you don't have McAfee Antivirus (or an older version), you might want to drop the $17.00 for extra protection.  McAfee "claims" this version IS compatible with most other anti-virus software, but I'd research that more.  However, just the web link (SiteAdvisor) is cool to have for extra warning protection.
SUMMARYThis product is one of growing number of security options to assist the end user in early detection of web-based threats and attacks where personal information and PC security might be compromised.  According to McAfee, Site Advisor Plus is compatible with many other security products offered by other vendors and will not impede system processing.  The user is alerted to phishing attempts or malware risks and has the option to enable a protected mode where all interaction with program identified suspicious sites is precluded. Site Advisor Plus is an enhancement to another product - one that is free - McAfee has had on the market for a few years. There are questions regarding the true utility of this version, in as much as many competitive Security Suites like Norton 360 which I use, already integrate similar capabilities, numerable browsers and search engines have built-in options that offer the similar forms of protection.  There are also several freeware products that may be equally as effective.  Overall, I felt Site Advisor could be a useful addition for those who are particularly sensitive regarding security however it failed to offer demonstrative added value for me over capabilities already available in my security suite in conjunction with the free functionality already existent in many browsers.INSTALLATIONThe end user agreement is one of the most restrictive I recall ever reading, requiring that the installer knowingly authorize debiting of a credit card 30 days prior to the expiration of the license term without any sort of advice from McAfee of the impending renewal charge. Software updates are not automatically included. Once the EULA has been accepted and installation begins, the program does not include a cancel option.  An active internet connection is required for installation and utilization, and although not specifically stated, for completion of the key step of product registration.There is a screen message indicating the software checks for compatibility issues before proceeding but I'm not convinced the process is valid for all vendor security suites and security products. Some products like One Care, specifically state Site Advisor is not compatible. As noted above, I have Norton 360, which is notorious for incompatibility issues, including with other Symantec products but I have not encountered any problems to date. This software has a paucity of supporting documentation, and  McAfee's web site is of little assistance here. It appears to be the only McAfee product lacking a manual and the only provided documentation beyond the packaging verbiage is a flimsy quarter page quick start guide.The install itself takes only a few minutes but it does not offer any advice to the restart the computer and it appeared to me the software would not function without that effort. The realization the software seems invisible, not appearing under installed programs, failure to provide a desktop icon or quick launch option on for the tray is a bit unnerving.  But, it is clearly initiated as part of your startup routines and can be removed via XP/Vista control panel options.  It is added to the GUI for explorer and Firefox and appears in gray tint until active on a specific web page or search.  It's reasonably unobtrusive taking up less than 7MB of disk space and only uses around 2.5 Mb of memory. I did not notice any significant degradation of response time regardless of the browser or search utility employed.The install procedure also infers registration is not required but my results indicate local installation can be completed but activation will not occur until the product is registered with McAfee. I installed on two computers, one with XP Pro with SP3 where I was unable to register the product via Firefox because the link was not recognized and on another with Vista Ultimate where I registered via IE7. In order to get it to work on each computer I did have to duplicate the registration process.  Curiously, notwithstanding the EULA agreement I accepted, the process does not require any financial information so the annual renewal fee at conclusion of the first year should interesting. The agreement is somewhat of a semantics debate in as much as the software is labeled as "one user" as opposed to "one PC" which is actually what McAfee states is the intended use. Additional licenses can be purchased but I installed on two PCs without doing so.OPERATION:From appearances and integration, the product appears to have originally been developed for IE explorer and expanded to support Firefox where it is recognized as an add-on, but it works equally as well with either browser. To date, it is not compatible with Opera, Safari or Google Chrome. I did not try Flock, I already have enough junk on my hard drive. Yahoo has already integrated Site Advisor with its' search mechanisms so the scan results there are somewhat different than the checkmark patterns with the other facilities. With Ask.com and Live Search the color coded system is also visible and from what I can determine the program does not work with AOL, Lycos, About.com or Dogpile.  Metacrawler and Webcrawler are automatically identified as caution sites before any searches are commenced.Effectiveness is subjective. Site Advisor is not a real time application where live results are analyzed as is the case with some other vendors' products. Instead the product  accesses a database of questionable sites maintained and updated on McAfee servers, and a number of websites  and search responses  will not return any results.  One of my concerns is individual users can offer information about sites via webpage interface and the input information may be skewed as a result.Under supported browsers and search engines, results are indicated by three color key code: Green indicative of safe sites or links, Yellow where the site may have minor security issues and Red, where McAfee has determined the site employs fraudulent practices. Additional information is obtainable by running the cursor over the indicator and the user may also access the Site Advisor web page for even more information.  Prospective downloads can be submitted for individual analysis.Via the Site Advisor button that is added to supported browsers, the user has the option to change software settings, add sites to an exclusion list, disable the program or enable the protected mode.I tested by disabling redundant facilities under my browsers and existing security software nd I did not find any significant improvement in results but that may reflect my reluctance to explore really dangerous links.
McAfee Site Advisor 2009 Plus was easy to install to my computer, which runs on VISTA home edition. It seems to work effectively with Internet Explorer, but not with the latest version of Mozilla Firefox. I also did not like the fact I had to register with McAfee. AVG gives a free virus program, which also comes with this function for free. It truly depends whether you want to spend the money for a mediocre program.
I have 3 kids ages 10-15 who are always online doing something, so after our latest computer "CRASH" that set me back $100.00 to "fix", I thought this would be just the ticket to warn my kids of any site that was not safe to peruse, regardless of their enticing promises of free "whatevers!"Well after the frustration of not being able to install it & only finding out that after reading some of the recent reviews here on Amazon, that "lo & behold" I was not alone!Like an earlier reviewer mentioned, the McAfee software indicates that registration (after installtion) is completely optional, only necessary if you want to receive automatic updates. I also  try to avoid registrations whenever I can to reduce the junk email that it inevitablly will generate. After installing and opting out of registration, the program shows that it is running in I E, however it just will not work,  ZIP! Completely dead!  There is no message of ANY type that indicates that you MUST register for it to work!  We repeatedly tried for HOURS before giving up, & days later I gave it 1 last try before pitching it, by looking online to see if anyone else had a similar experience, VOILA! I discovered the Amazon reviews & the solution to my frustration. Now that I finally have it installed, I am still not feeling 100% secure after reading how it is not doing live "checks" but pulling from a stored memory bank of sites "inspected previously!" Who is to say that "stuff" could not have been "added" since their initial check??  It is better than nothing I suppose, but I fear it will inevitablly give some a false sense of security! This needs to be revamped to plug the wholes! IMHO Terry
I can't say much bad about this product but neither can I say much good.  After a full month's use it has notified me that a string of sites are OK to visit.  I've never gotten any notification of a bad site, only indications that several have never been tested.Is it worth the investment?  I am sceptical.  I would focus instead on software to protect you from trojans, malware, and spyware rather than this.  On the upside, it seems to have absolutely zero effect on the performance of my computer, a problem with many security programs.I would recommend it only for the overly cautious.
Corel's Corel VideoStudio Pro X2 is well integrated video editing product. It works well with most video media types, and can also export files in a variety of formats. The editing layout is very clear and intuitive, especially for a product of this level of sophistication. It is very easy to create high-quality video clips. Overall, this is a solid well-designed product.My major problem with this software has nothing to do with the product itself, but with the customer support. I am used to customer support being pretty for software being pretty shabby, but I think I've reached a new low of frustration. The copy of the product came with no serial number, which made it impossible to install. Corel's website was not very helpful in that regard, and it was hard to find a place where questions and complaints could be addressed. When I found it, it required that I fill out a lengthy registration process, which, at the very end, asked for my serial number. I was eventually able to resolve this issue through some non-conventional means, but not after a lot of frustrating runaround. So if you are interesting into a video editing software, I would recommend that you go with one that has much better support, either from a better-known company or with a strong base of volunteers.
I became fairly adept at using "Windows Movie Maker" along with my video from my Sony HandyCam (4 megapixel) and my Flip Video Ultra.  But I found myself becoming overwhelmed with all of the features with the Corel Video Studio Pro X2!  I saw the fact that it is blu-ray compatible as a big plus (even though my computer does not have a blu-ray drive - yet) and the ability to make a 5.1 surround sound video was a big selling point.  I do like making small films with music, but had not experimented much with specials effects.  The Pro X2 has almost too many options.It was fairly easy to download clips from my hand-held Sony and my Flip Video to the editing screen.  The Pro X2 takes just about any type of video from any source.  Its all simply `drag and drop'.  Its easy to lengthen, shorten or cut/edit any piece of video.  If your video is of high quality, you can actually have a 1920 X 1080 size video which is as good as it gets for a large flat screen television.  You can also drop in any music along a separate `timeline' as well as another `timeline' for vocals or narrations.  I was also able to do small `montages' by overlaying other video and pictures (kind of like `picture in picture (PIP).  Like "Windows Movie Maker" there are tons of various cross fades or transition from video clip to video clip.  It was also very cool to be able to `slow down" (slow motion) action and not have the audio affected at all.Special effects are numerous and when you get overwhelmed, you can actually toggle back and forth so you never have too much information on your `timelines' at once.  If you use blu-ray, I understand that you can insert `menus' in your blu-ray discs just like on the ones you rent.  I can't wait to get a blu-ray drive.  If you have an older or poorly lit video, there is a color and tone correction and it does a fairly good job, even with old splotchy videos.  If you are into titles, you can easily insert these anywhere on your screen in any font or color you choose.  You can even put a backdrop in any color to make it stand out against the video.  This is best for titles and end credits, but I suppose you could have it run the entire length of the video.  Other extras are synching your slides to the beat of a song, simulating your handwriting (didn't use this one) and the Chroma Key is very cool.  Its like a blue screen in special effects films where you can make the background anything you want and superimpose yourself or your subject onto it.  The lines around the front ground subjects are slightly imperfect, but it still looks cool.  Imagine yourself walking along a beach in the south Pacific instead of the city - that's the kind of effect you can do.Sound is a big thing for me, so when I saw 5.1 surround was available, I went crazy.  But, I cannot get it to work past stereo.  I don't know if it s my Acer Aspire desktop, my Windows Vista or this program, but I just cannot get 5.1 to work.  Now there are over a dozen or more surround sound clips you can choose from in the 5.1 surround menu that are very brief (less than 30 seconds), but you can repeat them.  However, as cool as they are in 5.1 surround, they are mostly percussion and not very exciting.  I contacted Corel about the 5.1 problems and they told me what to do to correct the 5.1 (you just drag the sound clip to the on-line speaker, of which there are five plus the subwoofer in an easy diagram) but it didn't work.  You can easily amplify sounds, get rid of annoying hiss and adjust volume levels at any time.  However, the 5.1 surround just has me stupefied.  Maybe when I can figure it out, I'll come back and revise this review, but at the moment, this program is better than "Windows Movie Maker" only in the choices of extras and special effects.I am still experimenting and this review is two months plus after playing with this program.  I hope to have conquered all the problems some time soon.  For the price, the Corel Video Studio Pro X2 is still a bargain, even with a bit of a learning curve.
I edited my first digital video project with the original version of iMovie a number of years ago. That really spoiled me. It was intuitive and not overly complicated. I put together a really nice video clip that looked pretty darn professional. Since then I have tried about 6 PC video editing software packages including Studio 9 and 10 and a couple smaller packages. This one comes closest to that "perfect" software. Fairly intuitive, it was easy to figure out how to do most things, but not all, and the book that came with it was useless in helping me figure out how to edit sound clips. After about an hour or two I finally managed to open the sound editing feature, but later I had to stumble about trying to find it again. In general, this is the best PC based video software I've had the pleasure to use. Maybe you'll have less trouble figuring out the subtleties than I did.
I was so excited to have the opportunity to try Corel's VideoStudio Pro X2, but after I got it and loaded it on my PC, I realized a major problem. My PC did not meet the minimum requirements to run this program.To it's credit, the VideoStudio Pro X2 worked on my PC, but the process of doing anything was so sloooooow. Either starting it or selecting another option, the lag was dreadful. I had to shelve my copy of VideoStudio until I have a better PC to run it with.If you decide to get this program, be sure that your PC meets or surpasses the minimum requirements. You'll save yourself a lot of grief.
I love tinkering with new software.  It's always exciting to see what new features are added to old favorites, or to discover a totally new program that gives me new features or help me out.  However, with the new release of VideoStudio Pro X2 from Corel I can't see that many new features that interest me -- after using this for two months I am left with the question, "Just WHY would I need to upgrade to this version?"Of course the answer to that question is because of high definition video.  Good answer, but the truth of the matter is that HD is just not catching on -- yet.  It's technology that is slightly ahead of its time.  even Blu-Ray adoption is mediocre, as most people find that regular definition video is doing them just fine.  So when it comes to homemade video and productions one has to wonder what the big rush is to produce content in HD that will, in all likelyhood, be viewed on regular definition devices or uploaded to the 'net that will be compress it down to a more manageable size and form.The program itself has many of the same features as the previous version, with the only real big change being added support for HD.  It's still got a lot of the quirks that the previous version had as well -- not exactly easy to use, and requires a lot of tinkering to get the basics down.  If you have anything short of a Core2 machine then you might want to pass this up as it will take a lot of processing power to convert videos and to use the program effectively.Honestly, I would say that unless you have a burning desire to go HD you can get most of the features you will need for video editing from Windows Movie Maker -- a freebie from Microsoft.  No, you won't get all the bells and whistles -- but come on, how often do we use all those bells and whistles?  Most of us just want to store our home movies in a digital format.The bottom line is this.  If you need HD, this is a good choice -- albeit it with a learning curve.  For the rest of us, stick with the older version and skip the upgrade or just use the free Windows Movie Maker.
I had wondered how much I would like McAfee's Anti-Theft file protection product considering I have and continue to be a user of two other products in the same arena: PGP and TrueCrypt.After a pretty simple installation process, during which I was prompted to create a McAfee account--why is this necessary?--and also for the answers to three password-retrieval questions in case I lose that v. important piece, setting up the program was also a simple operation.The idea is to create special repositories called vaults in which are placed all those files and folders the user wishes to keep safe from. It uses an encryption algorithm known as AES-256, an industry standard and quite secure. These vaults are now made available as mounted, virtual drives so you can drag and drop files and folders into the vaults using the same interface the Windows user is accustomed to.These vaults can be locked with a few clicks on an icon in the task tray so that a password is required to access the contents. The locking can be either a manual process or automatic, based on time or screensaver activation for example. Pretty neat.However, I don't see how this product--nice usability and interface notwithstanding--is to be chosen over a free one like TrueCrypt which works on the same basic principles, but also features some extensions for the ultra-paranoid. Although I can see how a newcomer to the world of file protection with encryption would appreciate the ease of installation and use.For this reason, and also for the needless requirement of a McAfee account, I'll rate this a three stars out of five.
McAfee Anti-Theft is adequate for securing files on your computer, however it is limited.  Installation is easy.  The program isn't hard to use.  Novice users will be more than happy with it since it's straight forward and simple.  But by the same token, you might be better off buying a security suite that does more.Personally, I've tried several free downloads that are just as easy and arguably more secure.  If you're looking for just basic security encryption for files and folders, TrueCrypt, for one, is totally free and can encrypt and password protect folders, entire hard drives or even USB drives.  It doesn't have pretty pictures of a safe protecting your files, but keep in mind, those kinds of things only tell people exactly where your private files are hidden, like a big flashing arrow that says, look in here!  TrueCrypt has a very small footprint and no one would know it's even running, let alone what files it's protecting.  It's a program that requires no installation, so it uses very little system resources.  Just one alternative suggestion.TrueCrypt offers several different algorythms which are all industry standard, and in my opinion, keeps files far more secure. I use it to encrypt a 100gb portable laptop drive with a duplicate backup of all my documents on it.  The drive is 100% encryped and safe with an extra long and complex password.  However, compared to McAfee, you'll have to do a bit of light reading to make it work.  Nothing complex or difficult.  But again, for the novice user who wants a simple to use program, McAfee is your way to go, but not necessarily the best way.McAfee Anti Theft is more than adequate if you have a basic need to hide files from family members or others who may use your computer, but I bet any knowledgeable hacker who got their hands on your computer could still bust through it and get to your secure files with little fanfare.  As far as online hackers, a more comprehensive internet security suite will do more to protect you.  And I don't really buy into McAfee's claim that I'll need regular security updates to keep my files safe from hackers.  The program either encrypts files or it doesn't.  It's not like antivirus that needs new definitions on a regular basis. If your firewall is doing its job then your computer is already safe, with or without this program.So overall, Anti-Theft is a solid program that does what it's supposed to, but it's just a little underwhelming for me to be more enthusiastic about it.
I have never used an `anti-theft' or `vault' program before, so I was a little slow on the uptake.  It's fairly simple if you follow the steps carefully.  The program asks you to create three answers to three questions for security for your one password.  You can then create as many secure `vaults' as you want, but you have to predetermine, or guess, how many MB each vault will be to hold your information.  McAfee automatically assigns a letter for each vault (it looks like another drive; i.e. Z, Y or X, etc.)  4GB is the maximum for each vault, but I found that to be very generous unless you are securing a great many photographs.  Here's a clue - there are a lot of `off-site' photography websites (like Kodak) that will store your photographs for free.  They are supposedly secure.I have an external 4GB USB drive, so that works perfectly if I want to transfer between my desktop and laptop.  A word of caution:  Carefully plan ahead what documents you want to transfer into a vault, as you should delete them from your computer's hard drive AFTER you place them in a vault.  There is a potential to lose your documents, if they are not transferred properly.To be honest, I don't have a great deal of personal information on my computer that is able to be stolen.  Here is what I did transfer to a vault; all my credit card information, my tax information and my `Last Will & Testament'.  I'm sure I will find more uses in the future.I did find in the first month of installment that I had to reinstall/repair the program as it was not showing up in my programs.  A simple repair did the trick, but that concerns me for the future with sensitive information.On the last note, I am disturbed that most of the new software programs do not come with small manuals for instructions.  You need to print out the 23-page instruction manual for this - it is not that intuitive.  You do need to know what you are doing.  Next time someone tries to hack into my computer (it happened once); I'll feel a lot better.  I'll have to see if I will renew my subscription in a year.  McAfee guaranteed me that I could still access my vault information if I do not renew.
I agree with the previous reviewer that this software file protection is a bit of added insurance for laptops and networked computers and is not an unduly large piece of software. I like it overall except for some minor annoyances and one major negative.The application was easy to install and does not conflict with my Norton System Works Antivirus Software. McAfee states on the package that "Anti-Theft File Protection works independently of other PC security software but is not guaranteed to be compatible with future versions of other PC security software." I hope I never run into a situation where after installing new software that I can no longer open my file vaults.You must have an internet connection to activate the software and receive software updates. These updates keep the application secure from supposed hacking threats. You only get one year of update notifications. ** This is the MAJOR NEGATIVE I have with the program. I will have to shell out some more money to remain secure after one year. It's kind of a hidden subscription ploy really. Just another way to get more of your money. The updates aren't required to run the program. You would think that updates would be free at least until the next major version release.You can carry your protected file vaults on USB drives. This is not new. If you need to open the file on another computer you will need the software installed on it. This is a one user version so you can do it. If you share the computer with other users they will need to purchase their own versions.I would buy this again. However, I am using it with the hopes that something better comes out or if it's already out there, that I find it.
just like all McAfee products it suffers from poor OS integration and is a bloated round-about way of getting the job done.  Windows XP itself will let you keep a folder private - maybe not super securely, but how many people are going to have a hacker in their home trying to get at their files?  I was really wanting something that would let me share a folder on the network, but encrypt it and password protect it, so that I can access sensitive files on my desktop from my laptop - since I refuse to store sensitive information on a laptop that could be lost.  As far as I can tell, you can't access a vault remotely once it is set up, which is fine if you only use one computer, but in today's world many people use more than one pc in their house.  This also requires you to move the files to the vault (and you can't pick the location of the vault as far as I could tell), which could cause problems for atuomated backups that are only looking in My Documents folder.  I suppose you could use this to protect the information on the laptop and store it there, but I just wouldn't trust any software to keep my sensitive financial data safe if the laptop got lost or stolen.
I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to install and use. Too often, in my experience, software is not so easy and takes up too much RAM. This didn't have that problem.I seriously did not like the size limit on each vault though. Why have a limit?I also find it terrible that it's yet another annual subscription to keep it safe from hackers. This feels like a manufactured income stream for them to me. I doubt it's really necessary.
McAfee Anti-Theft 2009 1-UserAn inexpensive file protection software described as a must to keep personal files from prying eyes.  McAfee is both intuitive and user-friendly, however, no instructions come with the installation disk and must be accessed online.  I would like to have been told how to transfer my sensitive files into the created vault without having to dig for this.Installation was easy and the program is light on the amount of computer space needed.  McAfee requires a password to access the protected vault.  Once files have been moved into the vault, the locking process can be done manually or automatically.This is a one-user software, so if you work from home and use a laptop, it can be installed on both.A negative is that user support is only available for one year, and then you are required to purchased additional protection.It should also be noted that this software does not eliminate the obligation to take whatever other steps necessary to protect your files such as strong password protection, avoiding computer practices that leave your computer open to spyware, keystroke recorderd and such.So, in summary, if you do your job, then it does it's job, but there are free programs available, so the superiority of this one is either questionable or a matter of personal preference.
Installation on Windows XP Home Edition was not bad. At first I got a strange error when specifying the file name for a new vault, but on the second attempt the installation went better.Anti-Theft cannot be installed on Windows 2000 inspite of the instructions for Windows 2000 on the paper insert in the product box: a message pops up stating that Anti-Theft cannot be installed on this operating system (only on XP and Vista).The user must define one or more vaults (folders) protected by a password. The software encrypts the entire vault. Using the software, the user can export a vault to a RW portable media. To get access to an unencrypted file, the user must open the vault containing this file by providing the password. This works for all users, including Guest user on Windows XP Home Edition.If the user has more than one WindowsExplorer window open and locks a vault in one of those windows, the other windows still allow access to the files in the vault. Seems like a bug to me.A very annoying "feature" is a popup asking you to register your email with MCaffee every time you use the tool.I cannot comment on the reliability of the software and strength of the algorithm.
I have read the negative reviews (all 63 of them here!) and am relieved that I haven't had the same negative experience.  My usage is limited to bringing VHS tapes onto the computer and putting them onto DVDs (no titles, menus, editing, etc).  For that purpose I have had a pleasant experience.One point:  Reboot your computer before starting to flush out the memory, and load as few utilities as possible (including anti-virus).
I've used other software for transferring video to dvd - digitizing it and burning it to a disk (Pyro)- with success.  I've also used Roxio software prior to using this product, that I received as part of the Amazon Vine Program.  Based on those experiences, I find this product to be mediocre and 'glitchy'.Installation worked, but not without first failing.  A bad sign.  The learning curve on the software is a bit steeper than newbies to this sort of task will find comfortable too.  While it installed on my Windows Vista 64-bit machine the second time I tried it, it liked the Windows XP machine better (as far as installation goes).  I didn't try it on a Windows 7 machine.Transfer of video from the VCR to the computer was slow, but that's not this product's fault - it's the nature of this sort of task.  Transferring an album and a cassette (analog to digital) was also slow.  Again, part of the deal.Video quality was mediocre, but frankly I've gotten used to HD and anything less; I take notice.  Not really fair as VCR quality is less than DVD and much less than Blu-ray.  It did transfer with no errors though, which is part of the battle.In all honesty I think I'll use this product to transfer audio (albums and cassettes), but not video.  It's just not as easy to use or as stable as the others I've used prior to it, thus my 3-star (OK) review.  The 3-stars are really for the audio transfer than anything else.If the price goes low enough, you may want to give it a try, but you're probably best to keep looking and ignore this one if you frustrate easily or own a Windows 7 machine.
I have a very high level of technical skills but I found that getting this product working frustrating. After 2 hours of configuring and fiddling, I was able to start the transfer process. It was SLOW, and the resulting digital movie was of low enough quality that I deleted it upon completion. Rather than spend more precious time in the future doing these transfers myself, I will just send the tapes to one of the many companies that handle the transfer to digital format.
The Roxio Easy VHS to DVD does work but it simply has too many steps.  I tried this on 2 computers and it worked on both but creating a DVD became a very labor intensive process.  The easiest way to convert VHS to DVD is to buy yourself a DVD recorder (for just a little bit more money than the cost of this) and connect your source and hit record.  The menus and everything are created for you in just abit more time than it takes to watch the original.  With the Roxio product you have to make sure you have enough hard drive space, ensure that each segment of your video is properly converted to digital and then finally create menus and burn the disc.  A one hour original took me over 2 hours to convert with this, the DVD recorder took just one hour and 10 minutes.  End result was much better with the DVD recorder so why even bother with this?*** Positive Points: ***- Includes everything you need- allows for customizable menus that look great- reasonable price- decent video quality and audio quality in the finished product*** Negative Points: ***- Must ensue your hard drive has enough space to record your original- Converting your analog video requires a decent CPU or it will take forever- Low quality or really old videos may trigger the software to think you are trying to copy protected videos- Too much effort involved*** Final Thoughts ***Buy a standalone DVD recorder for just a little bit more and save yourself a lot of time and effort.
This software works. . . especially the newer version. . . but. . . I did not find it the easiest to use.  Quite honestly, if you're wanting a VERY simple way to transfer from VHS to DVD, then purchase a DVD VCR combo. .. as long as you make sure that the DVD is a DVD burner.  The second easiest way is to hook-up an old VCR to a DVD burner/player box.  For the most part, you're not  going to get all of the "options" and "control" that Roxio gives you. . . but it's SO much easier.
I was able to make this work but it takes time.  This product was an early entry into the area of doing vhs to dvd conversion at home.  It comes with the adaptors you need but the software is buggy and it took me a while to get it working.  There are newer and now better products out there if converting vhs to dvd is something worth while trying on your own.  Otherwise spend the money to have a local store do it for you.
First of all, make sure you make a restore point for your system before trying this software. I am running window XP pro. And I use GoBack 4.02 to mark a system restore point.The installation of the program could be improved. It took about 45 min to install. At times the install process seemed to "hang".The utility that converts directly to DVD, sometimes produces less than acceptable quality recordings. The voice sometimes don't sync with the videos.So, instead of converting directly to DVD, I found that it would be more better to use the "capture" utility (also included in the program), to capture the tape into DVDHQ format first. Then convert the DVDHQ into mpeg2 files, and then burn the files to DVD. The outcomes are better.Actually, once the tape contents is "captured" into computer, I am not limited to use Roxio for the rest of production work. I can use Corel Video Studio Pro X3, or Adobe Premier.Overall, I would give it a 3 starts as the direct DVD conversion function is not that good.
I have to admit that after reading the reviews first on this software, that I was more than a bit apprehensive about installing it on my personal computers. So I decided to first install it on and old computer so that if I did have any problems it wouldn't effect my current computers. As it turned out, it actually installed with a minimum amount of effort and it was fairly easy to use, and that is where I have a problem. Not so much with the software, but in the fact that I am a firm believer in getting what you paid for. I would much rather spend more money and get a product that has more to offer and it a lot more dependable. For the cost of this product and what it advertises, you are getting exactly what you pay for and that is that. If you want a better product, spend more money and get one!Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
The good:* I was easily able to transfer my VHS copy of Disney's Summer Magic (which I'm pretty sure has Macromedia copy protection on it, but this device didn't seem to care) to DVD, as long as I didn't disturb the program.  The interface was easy and there wasn't much clicking that needed to be done to get started.* Low resource usage.  I'm running a quad-core processor at 2.8 GHz with 4 GB RAM (on a 32-bit version of XP so not all 4 is used).  I watched the processes and for the whole system, the processor stayed under 10% and that includes everything, not just this program.  This program seemed to come in at about 4% and used about 300 MB RAM although there seemed to be many new services on my computer and I'm not sure how many of them were from this program.  Which leads me to...The bad:* I seem to have lots of new services.  I'm not sure how many since I didn't take particular notice before hand, but I seem to have a few more, some of which are set to "automatic" which means a (at least slightly) slower boot time* I couldn't find an option to copy from the tape to the hard drive and then from the hard drive to the DVD--you had to go straight from the tape to the DVD (with a small buffer in RAM and/or HDD).  I thought this was a pretty bad idea--what if you wanted to preview it on your HDD before committing it to a disc?  Guess you're out of luck... and that's a pity, it would have saved me a disc.  On the other hand, you don't have to wait for the disc to burn (it just has to close) when you are done "ripping" the VHS since it has been doing it all along.* I HATE it when I install a program and during the install it asks me to install something unrelated, like the Google Toolbar and this one did just that.  Look, if I wanted the Google Toolbar, I'd go get it! At least it gave me the option to decline.* The overall quality didn't seem that good.  Of course there was analog distortion from the fact that the source was VHS, but there was also a noticeable amount of digital distortion--little blocky sections, etc.  It wasn't horrible, but I think it should have been able to do a little better.The Ugly:As long as I left the program alone, it did fine, but at one point I moved the window over a little so I could see what was under it and no sooner had I started dragging then the program started to hiccup and then popped up a message box saying "Unknown capture error" and the recording stopped.  Remember how I mentioned that this was going straight to DVD?  I thought I had a new coaster, but as it turns out, I was able to back the tape up a bit and hit "start capture" again and it just started a new chapter... sort of.  It made it like a new movie on the disc or something so if I tried to back up on my DVD player using the skip back button over the point where I started the 2nd capture, it would take me to the first chapter of the previous attempt.  Kinda' weird.  At any rate, it appears that if you disturb the program at all, you risk making it bomb.Bottom line:I've seen worse, but I'm going to keep looking, just the same.  As long as I left it alone, the copy went through just fine, but I'd like something a bit more robust with an option to cache to my HDD for review before committing to a disc.
I really like this program.  It is so cool and fun to use.  I just play around in it, not anything professional.  I have come across some bugs though, so it isn't perfect by any means and it does run slow at times.  But overall very cool.
This is my first experience with Painter, so I don't have the insight to compare with previous versions. With my Wacom tablet, I was able to do quite a lot qith the product out of the box, but I didn't always find the product completely intuitive, so beginners should expect to seek outside instruction. Do not try to use Painter without a tablet - you'll be sorely disappointed.I am pretty amazed at how Painter simulates analog brushes and strokes of all different varieties, and clearly you can create some very painterly or illustrative effects.I am looking forward to using Painter with Photoshop files - something I haven't tried yet, but there are instructions for. The ability to pull in and use layered Photoshop files, seems stellar to me. How many times have you wanted an artistic effect in Photoshop that was just plain difficult to accomplish?This is a very serious tool for serious artists. I know a lot of art directors and storyboard people who work 100% in Painter. I have enjoyed my short time with Painter, and look forward to discovering more.
I've used this program off-and-on, to convert photos to paintings, but I always end up going back to Photoshop. My impression is that maybe if you are a seasoned painter, or have previous experience with the program, it might be a good choice, but there's so many great tutorials and training DVDs on using Photoshop, that I end up going back to it. There's certainly so many things I would ONLY use Photoshop for as well, that I find it hard to recommend this, when I can achieve all I want with that program. I do see the potential here, and if you can get a copy relatively cheap, and are looking for a top notch program specifically for painting effects, it might be worth a look. For most users though, I'm not sure it's the best way to go.
I used Corel Painter X before upgrading to Corel Painter 11.First a few specs on my computer system. I'm running Windows XP on a 2.5 GHz processor with 2.5 Gigs of memory. The tablet I use is aWacom Graphire "Steel-Blue" Tablet.There are a couple of major improvements in Painter 11 over its predecessors:- Tilt RecognitionIf you have a tablet with pen-tilt detection, Painter 11 makes use of the tilt feature to broaden or narrow brush strokes with the tilt of the pen - narrower strokes with the pen perpendicular to the tablet and broader strokes with the pen at an angle to the tablet. (Alas, my Graphire series tablet is not tilt-aware and thus I'm unable to take advantage this feature.)- Velocity RecognitionPainter 11 recognizes the velocity of a brush stroke and renders the stroke accordingly.For a complete comparison of Painter 11 with previous versions, G00g1e for "Painter_11_Family_Product_Matrix" and follow the first link to view the PDF file.I found Painter 11 very buggy and quirky. For example, I would get the following problems sporadically:- Brush size lever refuses to budgeAfter I change the brush size beyond a certain threshold, I have a problem reducing it back down in size.- Pasted layer shows up blankAfter I copy and paste a layer, the pasted layer shows up blank.- Custom Paper Library does not saveI'm unable to save a paper library that I've created and for the life of me, I can't figure out a way to make it save.- Bush strokes don't show upPeriodically, brush strokes fail to show up. The only way I've found to fix this is to quit the application and start it back up.These are just a few of the problems I can name off-hand. I doubt these are problems that are specific to my computer system because Painter support newsgroups are rife with accounts of people having similar problems. Some of these are a mild annoyance, but others are absolutely exasperating!Painter requires lots of memory to run. The minimum requirement for memory on specs is 1 GB. I'd say 2GB or more would be ideal. Of course, it goes without say the faster processor you have, the better. Painter is VERY CPU-intensive.As of now, I really wouldn't recommend Painter 11 until they've ironed out the bugs and quirks. If you really can't wait to try out the aforementioned new features, I suppose Painter 11 is usable; just be aware that it is not quite ready for prime time. Overall, I would rate Painter 11 3.5 Stars.
Having been using photography editing software since the dawn of man, or back in the nineties, ahem ... I've been one of those people sewed into Photoshop as if there was never any other choice. I suspect that to be the case for not just hundreds of other users, but perhaps millions. And this is what makes software like this, which is very good, very difficult. It's just different enough to make the learning curve steep. But it is better in other ways  that makes it worth it - for the professional user.I recommend using this program with a Wacom tablet or another pen-like device as the functions with this program, while good for supplanting Photoshop, are more along the lines of Illustrator and thus allows the user to paint in a variety of digital styles with a multitude of brushes. Creation is the standard rather than manipulation.The real truth though is a simple one. This program is jam packed with features that the common man may never use, and it wouldn't be for trying either but for Corel's insistence on trying hard to make things just `that' much different than the Adobe products. I cannot knock the company for this as they have a right to be different and not emulate a competitor. But in truth, I actually started out on Corel products when they were much more prolific on the early Macs.The product is solid and my own copy is being used to run a t-shirt  / silk-screen printing business. This program comes with a large cache of graphics and artwork that can either be used `as-is' or further manipulated -- which makes this product well worth the money. But in all honesty, the Achilles heel of this particular item IS the cost. Let's not quarrel or mince words about that.... ...
I'm a long time user of Norton Antivirus products.  This version provides anti-virus, anti-spyware, and other protection programs.  Also included is identity protection.  This is truly a "360 degrees" protection product.  Like other Norton products that I've used, this version Norton 360 was easy and quick to install.  A nice inclusion is the PC tuneup which attempts to overcome the problems that some antivirus programs have of slowing down computer performance.  I didn't notice extreme slowing of my computer after installing the program, but it wasn't an "invisible" anti-virus program.  The automated backup protection offered with this program is a very nice feature.  All in all I think this is another fine Norton program. While there are certainly cheaper programs available, Norton has generally worked well for me.Criticisms:  I had incompatibility problems with a couple of my other computer programs. I've had this problem on occasion with Norton, but was able to resolve it due to prior experiences.I'm not sure that this is the best value for the money as many alternatives have emerged over the many years that Norton has had a stronghold on anti-virus protection.  I've tried others and have been satisfied with them and in some cases notices better performance particularly in regards to no slowing of my computer during operationsFor Norton enthusiasts, you'll be happy with the improvements and options offered here.For those who are not loyal to Norton, other options that are a better value for your money are emerging.
If there's one thing I hate about Norton is that it uses WAY too much RAM during scans and as a general application.  On my laptop, which is limited to 512MB RAM, this brings everything else to a crawl.  IT has a lot of security features that can be very nifty, but that I use only rarely, and just add to it's RAM appetite.  This application is fine for someone who has more than 2GB RAM, but I wouldn't recommend it for systems with less than 2GB.
Frankly it's absurd that Windows is so buggy and slow with security updates. My Linux (Ubantu) and Mac (OS X 10.4) installations are significantly better on the security front. Alas, there is some engineering software which is Windows only, so you need the latest and greatest security software regardless of how good of a job you do with security on your own network. I've recently received viruses from a colleague's memory stick and another from a driver CD. Norton caught them just fine.So, why the three stars? This is an expensive product with yearly updates needed for a few each time. There's no Windows 2000 support here, there's still a lot of good, stable W2K systems out there. And the Norton folks advertise with fear mongering. On the plus side, this software basically does work and covers some of the holes in Windows.
I've had previous incarnations of Norton 360 as well as the original Norton Anti-virus. This version is better than version 1 and 2. But better doesn't mean excellent. With numerous options available that are similar to previous Norton products (McAfee, Kapersky, AVG, etc.) its almost difficult to distinguish. Hence, the creation of Norton 360. If you are a Norton Veteran the interface will be similar to previous products. If you are not a previous Norton owner, no worries the interface is very easy to get used to.As for the product pluses: I certainly feel safer going online, surfing the web, and downloading documents.1. Going online - configures your firewall settings and prevents intrusions into your computer (nothing is fool-proof, but certainly gives me more confidence while surfing).2. Surfing/ Searching - While surfing Norton provides "safe" sites with a green check mark within your search results. There's also a Norton tool bar that provides the same validation as well as a password utility which will help auto fill forms etc., maintain passwords, and provide feedback on your current passwords. The drawback to the password utility is that it is cumbersome to set up and is annoying with pop ups if you don't set up.3. Downloading Documents - Whenever I download a document I scan it immediately. And since Norton updates itself often I feel safer opening the file after scanning.So the negatives1. Vista-like properties - Pop ups galore - whenever you want to update your anti-virus definitions or update the settings you have to navigate through a plethora of pop-ups. This gets very tedious and super annoying. Its a very obtrusive user experience2. Set up - You have to establish files to back up with 360. Which is great. However, you are allowed 2GB to backup and would have to pay for additional space. To me this is a forced attempt to add on services from Norton and really a huge pain. Also do you trust your sensitive documents being backed up on a remote server? No Thanks! I'd rather back up on an external hard drive in my home. By the way should you not establish back ups your status will show orange (not green) and you will be constantly reminded to set up the back up. External drives these days are so affordable it makes no sense to pay to upgrade this service.So in summary - The product gives you piece of mind but is very obtrusive as a "anti-virus" product. Also the almost-forced upon add-on services (back up services) can truly detract any value you would have gained.3/5 would have been 4 had it been less obtrusive (like McAfee) and provided unlimited space back up while your license is valid.
I wish I could rave about how great Norton is, but really, I'm not all that happy with this. While the tools are very nice and I can't fault them, I have to say that compared to Trend Micro Antivirus, Norton isa bit of a resource hog.As for the aforementioned tools, like backup and PC tuneup, I'm impressed. However, while I like the way Norton integrates it all in one package, I'm still feeling a bit more comfortable with my individual programs for these functions.Perhaps if I were a Windows XP user I'd find more value in this package. I can't say it's bad, because it's not; It's a competent, complete package that makes good on all the claims on the box. It's just not the best solution for me in Windows Vista Home Premium 64-bit. I've already got most of what this package offers in individual programs.Overall verdict: Good if you don't have anything, but there are friendlier and less resource-hogging products out there. Norton might be best for the people who want an all-in-one solution.As an aside (and having nothing to do with my rating), my package arrived in a DVD case that was badly cracked. I don't know if that's the normal packaging, but for something that has such limiting licensing and anti-piracy features, the risk of a cracked disc is not one I'd like to take. I'd urge Norton to ship in a less brittle case or Amazon to be more careful when packing.Final verdict: Norton does what it says. It's good at it, but it's not the best when up against more purpose-driven, less resource-greedy software. Still, for the Norton loyalists out there, this seems to be a great package.
This is the review for the non-computer savvy person.I've had Norton problems in the past, so was a little skeptical about this product. Norton kinda reminds me of the early AOL days...all you had to do was think about AOL and your computer would be all but held hostage by them. After all the Norton 'Renew me or ELSE' popups that were nearly impossible to banish, as well as bogged down service, I vowed to never Norton again. This version has been installed for a few weeks now, and yes, it still slows me down and although I'm not sure it's Norton related, I'm having some other new issues as well, like random shutdowns and fussy page loading.I'm not entirely sold on this product.
Cautious of all the traps of the internet, I have been leery of viruses even though I use a Mac. I've searched and read reviews on my man security/spyware programs for Mac and they all seem to end with the same note: you're just applying stitches to a paper cut.There hasn't been a major attack on a Mac it's just not worth it to hackers when there is so much a larger audience in PCs. And after years and years of being a PC devotee I made the jump several years ago, fed up with having to run spyware/antivirus in the background while my computer slows down to a halt.Trend Smart is an annoyance, albeit a small one. It takes up space, you notice it there in the background, miniscule compared to programs I've used on PCs.The only thing that may entice a buyer is the safe surf, keeping the kids away from sites that may be too mature for them is great to have. And since I do allow my nephews and nieces free access, I've installed it and gave it a run through and it works perfectly. For that alone, it may be worth the price of purchase, but as a spyware/anti-virus software its not needed (yet).
Trend Micro's Smart Surfing is not ready for mainstream Mac deployment. With its limited admin control options and slim features set, it feels very much like a first-time effort, which it is. This is not a mature product.If you are an advanced Mac user, you probably won't need this product. Go with a dedicated and strong anti-virus instead. Most of Trend Smart Surfing's features are better provided elsewhere, such as at the hardware router/firewall level, which you can configure to provide stronger protection across your entire home network. With a good router/firewall, all your networked devices are centrally protected and can be managed at a single point of entry (through the router's web admin interface), instead of having to be installed and configured one computer at a time when you go with a software protector. This product can work in tandem with a well-configured router/firewall, but if you already have website filtering rules on your router and other security features enabled, Smart Surfing becomes redundant.Problems:---------There is no separate admin password for this software, so if you intend to use this to protect your kids, you may wish to think twice. The password is linked to the Mac's system password. If your kids have the password, they can turn this off. Worse still is that this software provides step-by-step instructions when it blocks a site on how to turn OFF the blocking, instead of a simple "Access Denied" message.As for the malicious website blocking/phishing protection, I never encountered it being triggered, except for pop-ups from one ad network ([...]). I tried a variety of "normal" sites as well as some adult ones and warez serial number sites. Nothing. Modern email providers such as Yahoo and Google automatically filter out spam and other malicious emails, so I could not test the anti-phishing feature. I did not have any phishing sites to try out. Google has also been providing a phishing block for a while now.As for virus protection, it is unclear if this product is an anti-virus/virus scanner. I believe it is not. The description is vague about this, perhaps intentionally: "Defends against viruses, worms, Trojan horse programs, and other everyday security threats." File scanning appears to be very slow.Conclusion:-----------For casual users, this product is probably ok, but there is no substitute for safe web usage habits and awareness of personal data security. It does not take a lot to be informed about how to stay safe, and there is no better remedy than knowledge. Know what phishing scams, spoof emails, and malicious attachments/links look like. When in doubt, do not click any links or attachments in emails or IM's, even if they are from people you know. Usernames and emails can be easily compromised or spoofed. If you have children, lock them down at the router level and set up filtering rules there.For power users and technically advanced Mac owners, skip this product. I do not notice any difference after having installed this and trying out for 3 days. The product is only 50 MB installed, so uninstalling won't take long.
This is not bad. You're able to schedule scans to run automatically on a daily basis or less frequently, and to choose a start time, so you can avoid periods of high use on your computer(s). To test impact, I ran complete scans while actively using other applications. I didn't notice an impact on other applications' responsiveness but did encounter a bit more slowness than my usual experience in the loading of some graphics-intensive websites, which I specifically visited because they tend to load slowly most of the time.Also useful is the ability to direct what is to be done with suspect files. Experienced users may want to customize Smart Surfing's response to perceived threats. I chose to have the program first try to clean the suspected item, and if that didn't work, to next quarantine it. Past experience with other programs has taught me to look at what a program is objecting to before letting it wipe the file.There are, however, several drawbacks to the UI. The first is the inclusion of a separate preference menu exclusive to auto-update and select scan settings. These could have easily been included with the rest of the controls and would have made navigation much easier. To further complicate the issue, there are several different ways to navigate to this renegade menu and neither is labeled correctly. From the drop down menu a user can click on "Open Preferences" which seems to hint falsely that all preferences can be managed there. The other method is clicking on the "change settings" button in the Scan pane of the main application window. Neither way alludes to the fact that the auto-update settings can also be managed here. The third and final UI drawback is the Dock icon which appears during preference changes, scans and updates. Not only is it annoying to have two TM icons polluting my screen, but I also have to quit the application to remedy the problem.Despite this apparent drawback, the install process is fast and painless with minimal user interaction needed. The whole process was done in about five minutes with no errors. Another highlight of this installer package situation is the inclusion of an uninstaller. Although this would seem like a obvious pair, there are many popular Mac apps that do not include this feature and therefore require a third-party uninstaller. It doesn't have every in tact compare to various PC protection programs like McAffee and Norton, but the dangers for a Mac are not as great, so those accessories are not really needed.
This product was easy to use and ready to go right out of the box.  With more Macs out on the market and the usage of intel processors this software certainly lends itself to supporting safe browsing on the web.  I installed the software on two separate Macbook system.  One system worked beautifully the other system would not allow any websites to load no matter what the settings.If you need a virus protection system and you've not invested in Norton or McAfee then this is certainly right up your alley.  For now I'll leave it on my one system and continue checking out the service and if possible I'll reload onto the other in the next week weeks.
My review title/subject is supposed to be a bit of a play on Microsoft's ad campaign "I'm a PC" as I most regularly am a PC user, but just because that's my normal world, don't assume that I don't know the Mac world.  You see, I have both Mac's and PC's in my home, and at various times may use either depending upon my mood and/or whether it seems that I've not used one system enough lately (so that it's batteries get charged/discharged enough to keep them useful, etc.)With that said, I do admit that my primary realm is that of Windows PC's, and not so much the Mac.  I have a lovely little Macbook that I keep up-to-date with patches and system upgrades, and again, on more than the odd occasion I pull out the Macbook and enjoy using it to surf through my regular stomping grounds.  Doing so lets me stay familiar with the Mac and gives me a chance to see some sites with slightly different results (when, for example, a site renders better in one browser than another).In any case, I saw an opportunity to check out the Smart Surfing for Mac software by Trend Micro and opted to see what the experience of installing 'security software' on the Mac is like compared to doing the same thing on a PC.On a PC, again, as hinted at in some of the commercials we've been bombarded with (this time from the Apple side), surfing the web without protection of some sort is a very dangerous proposition.  There are too many vulnerabilities that can be taken advantage of if the computer user (PC user) hasn't kept their system updated and patched.  Regardless, those words shouldn't be taken to mean that in reality Mac's or *nix based systems are less vulnerable to malware as all systems have vulnerabilities, but because so many computer systems in use in the world are 'PC's' the PC world presents a bigger target and offers people like me much more opportunity to be familiar with internet security software.Mac's have their share of vulnerabilities including vulnerabilities due to third party software (Adobe, Sun JAVA, etc.) and even the underlying software.  Because of that, it's still a very good idea to have internet security software installed on your system, no matter what software you prefer.  Which brings us back to the purpose of this particular review, the Trend Smart Surfing for Mac software, and whether or not it should be your software of choice in this area.Now, I must admit, I don't have the familiarity with the choices of software packages that are available on a Mac.  On a PC I could probably name a half dozen internet security/anti-malware packages without even thinking about it.  With a few minutes thought I could probably add another half dozen, and with a few minutes to search the web I'd probably find another dozen that I just couldn't remember when I was under pressure.  On a Mac the list of software that I'm aware of is much, much smaller, to the point of being nearly non-existent.  I count that as my own fault, and beg your indulgence, as the list of programs I've actually used for this purpose (on a Mac at least) is in the neighborhood of 2 (which I won't bother naming here).  One was open source software and another was a commercial program provided by my employer for employees to use on their systems.The open source software was a very simple program to install and was equally easy to remove/uninstall.  The commercial software was a bit more difficult to figure out how to uninstall and that threw me for a bit of loop, compliments of the installer for the Trend Smart Surfing for the Mac product.  The installer for the Trend Smart Surfing product will insist that any existing security software be uninstalled, but, in a more than irritating flaw (in my book) the installer doesn't tell you what product it has found that needs to be removed.  It would be very, very helpful to open an install log that notes the software that was found as doing so would help the user find out what they need to do if they wish to remove the old product and proceed with this one.  Eventually I got past the issue once I found the uninstall command script that I needed to run to remove the originally installed product.I'd swear that in the past installs and uninstalls of software on the Mac were basically a case of dragging and dropping the installed software onto the system or into the recycle bin, but that wasn't at all the case with my old security software.  Ugh.  While this isn't really the fault of the Trend Smart Surfing product, I note that the Trend product's install disc showed a menu choice for 'Uninstall' in it's menu and that leaves me thinking that apparently I'm going to have to keep the CD/DVD handy well into the future just so I can put it back into the system and use that option when I'm ready to remove the product (if that ever happens).  I'm guessing there's probably some uninstall scripts that can be downloaded and used if needed, but I hope not to ever need to find that out, or at least hope not to find it out when I'm in a very frustrated state :-/Once I removed the existing software the installer proceeded normally and the software installed itself just fine, up to the point that it was supposed to be registered.  At that point, Firefox (my default browser at the time) opened and refused to open the destination web site because, uh, the site certificate for the destination site was invalid.  What?!!?  Oops!  I guess Trend Micro forgot to update the certificate for that site, but that doesn't necessarily inspire confidence in the vendor, no?Beyond those issues I'd have to complain a little about the packaging.  The contents of the package are a small quick reference card (approx. 6 pages if you count it's cover), folded in thirds.  The folded page size is a bit bigger than that of a CD/DVD, but in reality it seems that the quick reference card could easily be resized into one that would fit easily into a more environmentally friendly CD/DVD sized case.  In addition to the quick reference card there's the disc that comes in a paper envelope with a label on the back that provides you with the required serial number.  Ok, not so bad in that area, but again, be sure to keep that number/case and disc handy well into the future.  That's it.  That's what in the box, which inspires the question of why is there a box?  A box with a bunch of empty space in it.  Totally unnecessary packaging which seems silly and wasteful.  I would note that the box features a 'Printed on Recycled Paper' logo which is encouraging, but it still seems unnecessary as a CD sized package (like an Audio CD) would easily do the job.On the software product itself, it seems adequate and seems to be working, but in reality, as a fairly careful web surfer (I know, we all make typo's every now and then and wind up going to sites we didn't intend, and/or we get sent to sites that aren't what we expected after we've executed a web search) I don't tend to be going to sites that would set off alarms and opening dialog boxes questioning whether or not I wish to continue (and potentially damage my own system).  I want internet security software that works, but is not intrusive.  If the software gets in my way, it'll get turned off and become totally useless.The big question is whether or not the software is worth the purchase price?  Despite the impression that some people have of Mac owners, I don't personally know Mac users that happily toss their money away on either hardware or software.  Just because Mac owners pay more for a quality computing product, that doesn't mean they want to keep doing that when it comes to additional software that they'll install on their systems.  Any way, in the case of the Trend Smart Surfing for Mac the product seems to deliver value at a reasonable level.  Not an overwhelming value, but a reasonable value for the product's sale price.If you don't go with this product, please do understand that I heartily encourage any computer user that will ever connect their system to the internet or any other computer system to run anti-malware software on their systems.  Security is only as good as the weakest link in the chain and that weak link should not be YOU!
I was looking forward to see what Corel's Digital Studio 2010 program had in store for us. The program loaded and functioned without any problems. I was initially excited when opening the program using what they term as the "Gadget" which is a very visually rich desktop icon with embedded shortcuts to the program's functions.As a long time user of Corel products (IE: Corel Word Perfect, Corel Draw, Corel Photo Paint) I was really expecting an exceptional program. However, my enthusiasm waned when I discovered that Corel's Digital Studio 2010 suffers from the same weakness that the majority of the video editing programs aimed at home users suffer from and that is a lack of an intuitive user interface. I was very surprised to see this as a weakness in this program as their Corel Draw program and Photo Paint are extremely dynamic graphic programs yet still have a very functional interface.I'm sure this program is quite capable with its functionality, but if the user can't access its features smoothly and seamlessly the program will ultimately be tossed aside for one that can. For years now I have been a big fan of Corel so I hope they reevaluate the interface portion of the program and look at what their strongest competitor is doing (Pinnacle Studio) and then give them a good run for their money.Unfortunately this program falls short in a vital area and therefor does not receive quite as high of ratings I would give to most other Corel products.
I must admit that I am a PC "power user" - I've been using and programming computers since the 1970s.  So I am pretty familiar with computer terminology and how programs work.That said, this Corel package basically just frustrated me since it is really not marketed to computer users like me.  In an effort to make their software fun and interesting to a novice computer user, they use lots of graphics and large fonts and buttons, with limited computer jargon and icons.  Like their marketing copy says, they want to make sharing photos and videos "simple, fast and fun."  So, where I would expect a menu with "File/Edit/Tools/Help", there is a "Import/Create/Share/Print" menu.  It's supposed to be intuitive to just click on the Import button to 'import' pictures or videos into... something.  So I click on Import and it gives me several pictures of things to click on, like My Computer, Camera, Scanner, and several other devices that are not connected to my computer.  I choose My Computer and get a user-friendly folder listing with some checkboxes next to each folder.  When I click the checkboxes next to "My Pictures", a "Start" button appears in the lower right.  So I click the Start button and it shows me some revolving graphic and comes back to the blank screen I started with.  Now what?  So I click Create and it gives me some options for a photo book, a collage and some other formats.  I think you're supposed to drag and drop your pictures from the imported ones onto a palette to create your format.  Then share or print it.I noticed that my older computer (Pentium III w/ 256M RAM) was definitely struggling with this program, so their advice on the package regarding memory and processor requirements should be followed.Skipping the rest of the tedious details, I would say that if you are a new or novice computer user or if you enjoy simple and uncluttered user interfaces, this package might be a way for you to easily organize and share your photos or videos.  It works "OK" for the very basics of organizing and printing or sending your media.  If you're a more experienced user and/or want flexibility and options over ease-of-use, I would look elsewhere.  This is definitely not on the level of Adobe Photoshop, or even Photoshop Express.  I would even say that the Microsoft movie and photo software has some features that Corel does not.  And those come with the operating system.
First off, this doesn't seem to be Corel based but only Corel name on some "Ulead" software that joined up with Corel.  I know what to expect from Corel, but in the past had problems with Ulead software.  Would be good to know this up front.Having said that, this basic editing suite is working smoothly on my i7 Vista64 6gb ddr3 system.  Install time was right around 15 mins give or take a few.Thought at first that this would take some time to work though and find all areas of, but made it though everything several times in short order.A couple of nits to pick, but it does run well so far and you can do basic edits of photos and video for what you need in pretty short period of time even on your first use.  (with a little reading of the "help" section)Paintshop Photo section;Very limited for photo editing, but then, if you just want to make greeting cards, calendars and scrapbooking type printouts it will be just fine. Just don't expect a Corel paintshop pro type software.Video Studio section;Again, a fast way to edit short videos for use on one of the on-line video sites or burned to disk, saved to file etc.Two items that bothered me (might not bug someone else not used to other software) you have to use the automatic "save" after your edits, (hit "back" button) the file is saved as a .VSX for use within the program.  If you want it in another format, you need to remember to save it as such by converting the video to another format as another project in "create"/movie drop down.  At least it does allow you to save as other formats however, even if it is extra work and time to do so.Also seems that if you cut a few frames out of the middle of a video it creates two separate videos rather than just cutting them out and joining the two ends back up.  You then also have to go to "create"/movie and tell it that you want the two as one and process it again.  Seems odd when other software just lets you remove the frames and be done with it.WinDVD player section;A few items to play with here over other DVD players and might be fine if you can get it by itself without the rest of the studio, but for movie viewing from DVD, not really better than Windows Media Player I'd say.  After you've played with the added settings a few times, I don't think you would ever really need or want to use them again.DVD Factory section;Yup, it allows you to burn DVDs in an easy manner.Over all, Ulead product with Corel pricing I'd say..if this "studio" was half it's listed price with the same workings, it would not be bad for beginners, I'm just not seeing it being worth the current MSRP point.But runs well so far and should make someone new to these areas happy for a while until they need more control and features.
If you're looking for one app suite that will allow you to do basic photo-editing, video-editing and DVD-making, then Corel Digital Studio 2010 isn't a bad choice. The apps included are not top shelf -- they're geared to the amateur user, most of whom will use the apps to perform the same simple tasks over and over (and there's nothing wrong with that -- that's at least 85% of the market). Those users will find this suite a great bargain for the money since the price is much lower than having to buy multiple individual software applications and the results for basic activities are very good.If you are aiming at doing more advanced work, however, you might consider spending the extra bucks to get Photoshop Elements, Premier Elements, Nero, etc. as standalone apps. They're more powerful than the apps in this suite.
I'm not sure why this software exists to begin with, since there are plenty of free applications which do everything Corel offers here.  I was willing to give it a shot anyway, but was unable to since the software failed to even install on the Windows 7 machine I use for photo/video operations.  The install process hung multiple times and I gave up after spending an hour trying to use it.
I installed this software on my Vaio Sony with 1.6Ghz Pentium Dual core, 2GB memory. It took about 30 minutes to install and crawling through the import to catalog my digital pictures. I had to give up after an hour. Well, I have about 16,000 images in my computer, but still it should not take that long. Then I double click on an image and my PC locked up. I had to kill the process to get out of it.The one thing I like so far about this software is its folder view. Images are organized by names, date and rating and each folder show four thump print images that could tell you quickly what it is. And that is a far I could get with the software. Do anything else and my machine locked up. I guess if I have a better machine, I could proabably find out more about it.I like Paint Shop Pro of the old days; it was small, fast and to the point. Actually, PSP is the first imaging software I ever used. I guess after so many upgrades and owner changes, it is now bloated ware. It looks good, unfortunately, I don't have the machine to run it.
Corel Studio has the best preview of any product I've ever used for organizing digital photo files; that said, however, I really prefer the more powerful editing options of PhotoShop and end up using Corel to look at my photos, but Photoshop to edit them.It's quite possible that the newer version of the software has improved on the editing options; if you're considering buying the older version of Corel Studio at a bargain price, however, unless you primarily want software for organizing and viewing your photos, you're probably better off shopping around for a used copy of Photoshop.
My primary photo and video editing software suite is Adobe's Photoshop Elements 7 & Premiere Elements 7. That suite is oriented toward the "prosumer" (in this context I use the term to mean producer-consumer) rather than the professional or the consumer, (the latter being someone whose photo and video editing needs are minimal and simple).Corel's Digital Studio 2010, on the other hand, is oriented toward the consumer whose photo and video editing needs are minimal and simple, which is to say the individual who wants a software suite that enables them to easily organize, edit, and view photos and videos, and who is not planning to do any fancy editing. The learning curve for this suite is relatively slight compared to the learning curve for the Elements 7 suite (Elements 8 was recently released but I haven't seen it). And that may be exactly what some folks who are in the market for a photo and video editing software suite want.If my daughter, who is quite skilled at using sophisticated architectural building information modeling software, expressed an interest in a photo and video editing software suite, I would recommend the Corel Digital Studio 2010 to her. I would recommend it to her even though she is quite capable (far more than me) of learning how to use professional and prosumer photo and video editing software, because I know that her interest in working with digital photos and videos is as basic it gets, and I know that she would want to spend as little time as possible learning how to use photo and video editing software. (As it is, her husband is a professional photographer, and he takes all the digital family photos and videos my daughter could ever want.)And that would be my advice to anyone who is in the market for a photo and video editing software suite. If your need for such a suite is basic and you do not anticipate needing a more powerful suite with more editing features for at least a year, I think Corel Digital Studio 2010 would be a good choice. But if you want to do more than the most elementary editing, you will soon find the Corel suite wanting.
I am a longtime user of the old ULEAD VideoStudio and ULEAD PhotoImpact. I heard about this product and was really excited to finally have suite of four programs in one for video and photo editing and playback, especially since Corel did such an excellent job updating and publishing VideoStudio last year.  Unfortunately, I feel Corel Digital Studio 2010 falls short of its intended mark, and in some cases is even a step back.Installation puts four icons on your desktop; one for each program of the suite (reviewed below).  Regardless of which one you load, it's slow going.  The suite seems buggy at times, and bloated with bells and whistles that make it LOOK good without doing anything else.  The redefined menu system is supposed to make everything uniform and easy to use from one program to the next, but unfortunately it doesn't really do anything except make you hunt for what you want.  Menus pop out at you from all edges of the screen; I would have much prefer just a standard menu system on a toolbar at the top.VideoStudioThe video editing program has been cut down to its very basic; disappointing for any seasoned user of the previous and superior version ofCorel VideoStudio Pro X2.  If you are a barebones beginner, you might like having everything automatically done for you, but if you have any experience in editing and want to have full control over your trims and transitions, look elsewhere.PaintShop PhotoIt automatically scans your computer for all your photos the first time you use it.  If you're like me and have a lot, go make coffee while you wait.  It takes a while.  I didn't see an option to add certain folders only, so I had to wait until it added photos from my entire computer.  Select a photo and it pops open in a new window for editing.  Again, this is very basic stuff; exposure, fix red-eye, straighten, crop and a few frills like edge effects, frames, captions etc.  Again, it's a beginner's paradise, but if you really want to play with your photos, use layers etc, look elsewhere.DVD FactoryAgain, it automatically scans your computer for all media, so the first time you run it, it could take a while.  This program allows you to view all the video and audio media on your computer, add a caption or trim a clip etc, and make a DVD.WinDVDStandard DVD playback software, which also includes capture ability provided you have the compatible hardware.  Gets a plus from me for having a standard file/menu system!ConclusionI consider myself to be an intermediate user.  I had hoped that Corel Digital Studio 2010 would be the 2010 upgrade to some old favorites, but instead I was disappointed because it lacked the fine control I was accustomed to in earlier versions of video and photo editing programs. I would have rated this 2-stars for that alone, but instead I am giving it 3-stars, because I believe that if you are a beginner, and don't mind--or want--a lot of the standard editing tasks to be done for you automatically, then Corel Digital Studio 2010 is aimed at you.  Advanced users need not apply!
I was interested to try this media Suite from Corel, having generally impressed with their products. I've always been a fan of PaintShop and was interested to see what the included "Paintshop Photo" application would be in comparison to the full version.Sadly, this product was quite a disappointment for me. The other reviewer that described it as "Jack of All Trades, Master of None" hit the nail on the head totally. The individual products are dumbed down so much as to be of little use over just about any other software you can buy for the specific tasks...or even software that is free and easily available, if not already included on a system when you buy it. I can see an absolute beginner liking this suite because you get a common interface for everything, and it's fairly easy to use. But there is so little here that I'm amazed at the near $100 price tag they put on it. The PaintShop Photo has pretty minimal organization options and I found it rather slow. I couldn't find a color corrector tool in it and there are virtually no batch editing features for tagging, rating, etc. Compared to free software like Picasa, this one is way behind on what is needed for good photo management. The VideoStudio software was not much better than free offerings like Windows MovieMaker, and far below any video editing software you can buy. The DVD player basically works, but you're likely to have player software on any computer you buy, and it doesn't support Blu-Ray or HD so pretty limited. The burner software as well is quite bare bones, and pales in comparison to something like Nero or Roxio.So we have software that does the basics here and does them fine. If you are a real novice and like the idea of a single interface for doing all the typical things you need to do with photos, video, music, etc. this might be your cup of tea, particularly if you can find it at a discounted price. For anyone else though, they are going to be disappointed with the lack of options you get with this package.
For easy of use this is a 5+ star programFor number of features 3 starsFor flexability of editing tools 3 starsIt did not take long to figure out the menu system and figure out how to use this program.Initially, when I wanted to save I was frustrated because there were no menus along the top and Control-S did not trigger saving.  A quick look around revealed a disk icon to the right of the picture.  If you are familiar with basic icon meanings (crop, delete, email , print, etc.) this is a quick visual navigation.  If you are unsure you can hover over the icon and an explanation will hover by the icon.This program has basic controls such as crop, `quick fix', red eyes, blemish fix, brightness, black and white, and so on.  The blemish fix allow for control of size and strength.  It works okay but would not be my first choice for blemish fixing.  A more powerful video and photo editing package isAdobe Photoshop & Premiere Elements 8This package offers many creative options that are very easy to use.  Calendars, photo books, uploading to popular web sites and much more.The organizer is easy to use and a quick way to manage a variety of digital formats.However,  if you are looking for a simple, very easy to learn to use editing package this is very simple with a quick learning curve.
This product is ok.  It does what it claims to do and is fairly intuitive.  However it really doesn't do anything better than other programs I have that do the same tasks.  If you already have photo and video editing software, chances are that your not going to find the program to be a vast improvement what you are currently using.  Unless your current software is very out of date.
I'm a bit disappointed with Corel Digital Studio 2010.  It does allow the user to edit photos and videos and organize media.  The problem is that it does not excel at any of these tasks.  When there are viable free alternatives, the Corel Digital Studio seems somewhat irrelevant.I installed the program on a Windows 7 machine and it went smoothly.  The program installs a little Windows widget for easy access to your media.The image and video editors are basic, but work.  The main issue I have is that Picasa and Windows Movie Maker do the same thing, both of which are available for free.Overall, there is nothing inherently wrong with Corel Digital Studio 2010 other than the fact that there are free programs that are able to do the same thing as this software.
Probably not powerful enough for advanced or professionals, but good for the basic casual user. Other reviews have given great detail so I will not bother to repeat.I would recommend this to beginners and users who want an easier to use interface as long as you don't need some of the more powerful features.Ignore the one star review since it was a shipping problem, not a problem with this product! I hate it when reviews do that!
I am a very frequent user of both photo and video editing software and have used quite a few different versions.  When I got a chance to try Corel's suite of editing programs I decided to give it a shot.This is a collection of several editing and DVD production titles including Corel's PaintShop Photo Express and Corel VideoStudio Express 2010.  I will cover each of these separately since they are the main editing titles included in this collection.It took me over an hour and a half to install this program. I'm running Windows XP and I don't have problems with loading other, more powerful photo and video editing software titles so I can't understand why it took so long.I will start with Photo Express:*  This is Corel's photo-editing program.  I was surprised at the lack of features offered compared to a program like PhotoShop Elements or Serif's PhotoPlus X3.  If you do not choose the "Auto Fix" option you are not left with very many tools to edit your photos.*  Appearance - I give it some positive points here.  It's a nice looking design and a little snazzier than most.  The screens are easy to navigate however it runs pretty slow.  As a matter of fact, this is the slowest photo-editing program that I've used.  To be honest it my be because my computer is over two years old and it would run better on a computer with the latest hardware.*  Features - Again, not much for the money.  I have Canon, Samsung, Nikon and Fuji digital cameras and the software that came with even the least expensive models were just as good if not better than this PaintShop program.VideoStudio Express 2010*  While still slow (at least on my computer) it did offer more advanced features than the photo-editing software did including voice over, adding soundtracks and captions and converting the video file to other formats.*  I found some of the features to be a little cheesy for my needs but they might appeal to those making home movies.*  As I mentioned, I've used similar programs in the past but I still had trouble figuring out some simple functions.  I would have to say that I didn't find it to be very intuitive at all which would mean that it is a good program for beginners.The other programs included, Corel DVD Factory 2010, WinDVD 2010 and the Quick Start Guide, are O-K but nothing special.  All in all I think that you getting a lot of programs for the cost, I just think that the programs themselves are just mediocre.  I would suggest that you pass and look for something else, especially if you don't have the latest hardware.
This is actually pretty good for the price, but is definitely not the best photo and video editing on the market. Of course it isn't trying to be the best either.  The UI is easy to use and it provides the basic tools you'd want. I can recommend it for novice users.That said, if you have Windows 7, just use Windows Movie Maker from Windows Live Essentials.  You also can use Picasa for a pretty good photo editor on Windows XP, Vista, and 7. I prefer more advanced tools like Adobe Photoshop Elements.  I strongly recommend against Adobe Premiere Elements, though.
This program has a wonderfully inventive menu system for accessing tools.  This unique interface system takes a bit to get used to but it provides a great way of accessing tools.  There are a lot of great tools but it takes a while to figure out how to use them.I kept trying to use this program for specific projects but tended to get frustrated and give up.  I really liked how the tools were organized but could just not get the program to do what I wanted it to.
I assume that most of the anti-virus programs out there work. I've used Norton anti-virus and it seems to work well. Vipre seems to work well, but it is somewhat less smart about how it updates. It's more intrusive and less automatic.While I wouldn't say it's a bad product (I've left it installed), I will switch back to Norton once the year subscription expires.
I've tried several other leading antivirus software, and this is about as good as most, but seems to slow my Windows Vista down.
I tested this on Vista Business 64-bit SP-1 with a tri-core AMD Phenom II X3 720 processor and 4GB of DDR3-1333 RAM.The installation took much longer than I expected, and it updated very slowly. The file eraser tool doesn't work on 64-bit OS's and the history cleaner is something that you can get for free when using CCleaner.I compared the anti-virus feature of Vipre to Avast and Avira, which are available as free anti-virus tools. Vipre was unable to detect viruses from a few websites and two files. Avira and Vipre both were unable to detect these, but Avast picked up on them. I have my doubts about Vipre picking up on hostile scripts embedded in HTML.As for resource consumption, I couldn't tell any difference in RAM usage between Avast and Vipre in Vista. I don't schedule automatic virus scans but instead manually run scans at a predetermined time so it doesn't interfere with my usage.I felt Avast was better at detection and with modern RAM resources, it is not that important if one anti-virus program uses 10MB less memory than the leading competitor. What is important is that the anti-virus software remain as transparent as possible to the user - that means NOT hogging up processing time doing stuff (updating, scanning) - and being able to detect and stop threats rapidly. The worst programs for this job are stuff made by McAfee and Norton/Symantec. The best free tool from experience is Avast.Pros: Unlimited home license, lightweight applicationCons: Not fully compatible with 64-bit Vista, sluggish installation, sluggish update process, and didn't detect several viruses that Avast was able to pick up.Overall: The price is decent, but I'd still rate it slightly below Avast.
THE QUICK REVIEW:A competent virus program for Windows that has an attractive interface, is easy to use, comes bundled with a highly rated anti-spyware program, and some nice extras.  However, it is not yet perfectly integrated with Windows and there is no way to download virus definitions outside of the program from the Sunbelt website.  These two problems make the software, slick as it is, seem more like a beta than a fully tested product.  This is a promising debut in the antivirus market for Sunbelt, but not quite ready for prime time.PROS:1. Polished interface2. Bundled with an excellent anti-spyware program3. Faster boot time as compared with previous antivirus program4. Straightforward set up wizard5. Value added toolsCONS:1. Not quite fully integrated with Windows2. No bundled firewall program3. Scans no faster than other virus program4. No way to download virus definitions outside of the program5. Hard to judge efficacy against other virus checkers as it has not been fully tested by independent labs6. Other vendors sell a more complete package with a firewall in addition to the virus and antispyware which may make Vipre less competitive in this market.7. Can't really recommend above the free alternativesSince Sunbelt touts this product as small, efficient, and great for notebook computers, I thought I would put this software to the ultimate test. (WARNING: If you aren't a computer enthusiast, you can skip to the end of this paragraph.)  To whit, my test environment was the HP 2133 (HP 2133-KX869AT 8.9-Inch Netbook - 3 Cell Battery)with 2 GB of memory, running Windows XP SP3.  Keep in mind that speed issues may be related to the 2133's wimpy C7M Via CPU running at a 1.2 GHz.  This first generation KX869AT#ABA also comes equipped with a lethargic 120 GB, 5400 RPM hard drive.  This may seem a little slow to you because it is. But I bought this computer for portability, when it was the most suped up netbook around.  I figured that its slowness would prove to be a great testing ground for this product. But remember, just about any modern system is faster and more able than this one.  Your results may be far better than what I describe below.I was looking for an antivirus program that was a bit more spunky than the Avast! free version.  The Avast! product seems to work reasonably well, but really slowed down my boot time and took an unreasonably long time to update.  In some respects Vipre came through.  In others it behaved more like a beta version than a production version of a product.(Note: I am concentrating on the user experience aspect of the product and on this particular computer.  I am not a virus expert nor a tester and cannot vouch for the efficacy of the program.  Vipre is still too new to have certification done by VB100 or ICSA labs.  VB100 did a favorable review on a beta version of the product, however, which is obtainable on the Sunbelt website.  It also got `checkmark' certification from West Coast Labs, but I couldn't find any other independent assessments or real-world comparisons to other products.)THE GOOD:Vipre does have a straight forward set up wizard, but I did have some trouble with the initial configuration (see `The Bad' below).  Other than set up, it also plays well with Windows Defender.  Since it does not in and of itself include a firewall, this is a nice feature.Once it was up and running, however, Vipre seems to do what it is supposed to do.  The interface is simple and more straightforward than Avast!  The main screen tells you all the main functions of the program.  Settings may be edited from this main screen.  There are tabs for scans, management (history, quarantined items, blocked items, allowed items, and scan scheduling), and even a tab for extra tools.  The screens are uncluttered, easy to use, and visually appealing.  Everything is simple and intuitive.  There is even a window that tells you the `worldwide threat level' and your risk detections statistics.The program provides quick and deep scans.  It is easy to set up a scan for a particular folder within the management window or you can simply right-click on a file and select `Scan with Vipre'--pretty standard for a virus program.  The prospect of having active protection for both antivirus programming and spyware is a real plus.The program also has added features.  It comes with a secure file eraser and history eraser.  I am not sure what  protocol is used for erasing and it is not mentioned in the user guide which can be obtained in PDF form on Sunbelt's website.  The history cleaner covers most web browsers including Explorer, Safari, Firefox, and Opera as well as common programs that are installed.  You can also access a PC explorer that gives you information about ActiveX, internet applications, running processes, start up programs and the like.  It marks these as safe, unknown, suspicious, or hazardous.  You can `always allow' these programs from this menu, but there is seemingly no clear way to block them or remove them from this window.Vipre's small footprint does seem to have an advantage in terms of boot time.  My computer was slower to start up while it waited for Avast! to go through its paces.  It also updates itself four times as fast as Avast!THE BAD:The major minus was the set up.  Setting the program up with a USB 2.0 CD drive was really quite slow.  But the major issue was web connectivity.  The program simply wouldn't download updates from the web and because of this wouldn't run a virus check.  The error was generic and simply told me that the program was unable to connect.  I tried installing, uninstalling, and then reinstalling to no avail.  I canvassed the Vipre website.  Others had had the problem, but I couldn't find a real answer.After thinking about this for a while, I went to the Microsoft Security Center in the control panel.  Sure enough, after turning off the firewall the software was able to connect.  This seems like a no brainer, but a Microsoft certified product should have been able to tell me where the problem was and this would have saved a lot of time.  Once the program was up and running I was able to turn on the firewall and give the appropriate permissions.And while were on the subject, Vipre is activated, running as we speak, and completely updated on my computer but I still get the `Virus Protection Not Found' warning in the Security Center and the Windows Security alert shield in my system tray.The fact is that in spite of the Microsoft Certified status of Vipre, it is not yet truly integrated into the system.  This is something that should have been worked out before a major release.Although my start up is faster, I haven't seen a change in overall performance.  Let's face it the HP 2133 is slow by modern computing standards.  It may not be slowed down by Vipre, but once the start up process was complete it wasn't slowed down with Avast! either.  When it came to overall scanning, a deep scan took close to 100 minutes.  A `quick' scan took 5 minutes and 40 seconds.  Once again, there didn't seem to be much of a speed advantage here.The program doesn't yet have a firewall program bundled with it.  This is not crucial--there are plenty of firewalls to choose from.  However, most companies are gravitating towards all-in-one packages.  My guess is that Sunbelt will add this feature to their line up at some point down the line.Interestingly, Sunbelt does make its own firewall program in both free and full versions.  It would make sense for them to put all this together as one package and at the same price.  Norton (Norton Internet Security 2009 1User/3Pc), Kaspersky (Kaspersky Internet Security 2009 (3 User)), Trend (Trend Micro Internet Security), McAfee(McAfee Total Protection 2009 3-User), and others have all these features bundled together at a similar price point.  Each of these vendors succeed at varying degrees with their combination products and tend to produce larger and slower variants of these programs, but for a faster machine than the one I am running any of these options would run at acceptable speed and give you more bang for the buck than Vipre.THE UGLY:In the process of trying to get Vipre to download virus definitions, I searched their website to find if there were alternatives.  Every other virus program I ever used had the option of downloading definition update file and installing it manually.  Not so with Vipre.  If the program doesn't connect to the web, there's no way to download these updates.  On the whole, I think that Sunbelt got most things right, but this is a major problem for me.  There absolutely needs to be an option to update the virus database outside of the within-the-program update:  if a virus, for example, is causing connectivity problems with the web there would be no way to use Vipre to eliminate it.  It is essential to have the ability dto download the definitions on another computer and transfer them via a thumb drive.  Once again, this feature should have been available before a major release of the product.CONCLUSION:Other than the quick start-up time and the slick interface, Vipre's major attraction for me is the great anti-spyware program.  I am still a little leery of not being able to download virus definitions as a separate file and manually installing them.  Even so, it is certainly on par with other programs.  I will be keeping this program on my computer and will update the review if I note any changes.
Like other scanners, it takes several minutes to find things you could easily find on your own.On the plus side it's not as intrusive as many of the older names.On the minus side I specifically chose not to automatically update because I did not want to be disturbed by dialogs all the time. Yet, for some reason, every time I start up a little bubble pops up at the bottom to tell me updates have been cancelled - they haven't been cancelled, they were never scheduled!In all the years of the internet, these things still haven't once proved valuable. Maybe if you visit those weirdo anime or dirty picture sites that blast windows open and stuff, perhaps...but if your web browsing has become mostly trusted sites and a few occasional strays, then there really is no point.I find this virus software to be least annoying, but it's still lame. The icons are plain and simple the way I like them as well. It's great for fretful web surfers and people who don't really know what to look out for on their own.I guess it works for one year then you're expected to buy it again.
Sunbelt claims that their software takes up less CPU then other security vendors.  They claim 27% CPU usage; however, I did not get these results.  When running a full scan my CPU usage did not drop below 40%.  In fact, most of the time the CPU usage was over 65%.  I took screen shots and will be uploading them under the shared images.Other security vendors suffer this same issue when running full scans. That is why most vendors only run full scans during idle times.  I would recommed only running a full scan manually if you suspect you have picked up a virus or some malware.I have tested Mcafee, Norton, and Microsoft new security essentials and all three are CPU intensive during full scans.The other area is the active scan protection. This is the background scanning as files are accessed. Vipre was taking on average 12% to 15% of the CPU, which is high in comparison to Norton.As far as protection goes I cannot really comment because I will need to run it longer.  However, I use the reports from av-comparatives to determine overall results.  Unfortunately, Sunbelt is not one of the vendors that submitted their product to be tested.I cannot recommed Vipre at this time without having the numbers of the effectiveness of the virus engine.  This may change in the future and I will update my review at that point
Like me, I imagine some people might opt for this version thinking they'll get an extra USB drive out of the deal.  Think again -- the included USB drive is only 500mb and virtually useless for anything else.  You'd do better to buy the 3 license version and have the option to install this on more computers for less money.Don't buy into the hype that this USB version is great for netbooks.  Netbooks are perfectly capable of downloading this direct from Trend Micro, or via network connection from another computer.  Or just buy the 3 license version and transfer the file to your own USB drive and plug that into your netbook.  Either way, you'll have more licenses for less money.Overall, this is a pretty weak suite.  Just your basic anti virus.  Maybe that's just what the doctor ordered for netbooks with limited processing speed, but personally, I'd rather go with Trend's Pro version and get real protection.  Just because you're using a netbook doesn't mean you shouldn't be fully protected.  At least that's my thinking.Bottom Line:  decent antivirus, but you can do better.  Buy a better version of Trend Micro's Internet Security or something else entirely.  This one's just a waste of money.
Trend Micro are also touting Windows 7 optimization and that the software is "state aware". What that means is you won't be seeing any resource sapping updates or scans being carried out if you already happen to be doing something resource intensive like watching a video, or working in Photoshop. Instead Internet Security 2010 will wait for a period of time where the system is idle or running something won't affect the user experience. An emphasis has also been put on keeping things simple for the user while still providing them with all the information they need. So this update will see the use of more graphs and charts to represent information such as the Security Activity Dashboard which shows users exactly what security activity has been happening recently on their machine.InstallationEasy Breazy..The Trend Micro installation process is about as smooth and pain-free as you could hope a program that will have such deep hooks into your system could be. It will detect other antivirus programs and then ask for approval to remove those installed on your machine, but it doesn't require a reboot after it's done -- something most competitors do.  If you know anything about computers ALWAYS REBOOT!Interface and featuresLooks good...Trend Micro's 2010 interface has been further refined from the previous year's version, with less dead space and more emphasis on your security status and the ease of access to security tools. The program launches into its Overview tab, which highlights your security status with a large, coloured icon: green for Protected and Red for Unprotected. Below that, there are links to your protection status, your licence information, and a security report. Each of these links drills down to essential information, exposing data in an elegant and uncluttered manner on the main page. The Protection Status link opens a window that details the status of your virus definition files, updates, firewall, unauthorised change prevention, spam filter, parental controls, and data-theft prevention. Each of these has a green On or red Off status icon, with a hidden explanation of each that can be exposed by clicking on it. Unfortunately, there's no way to get from the list to the actual deeper controls for each, but it's simple for toggling the status. Trend uses technology that allows the publisher to leverage supposedly-anonymous data from customers to catch surreptitiously-running threats faster isn't new; it's been around for a few years, although this year is seeing more security suites adopt it. On the other hand, companies like Trend Micro must consider whether users will panic if it is mentioned clearly and then disable their computers from contributing data to the cloud.PerformanceAlthough there were no problems navigating within Trend Micro and there were no noticeable slowdowns to the naked eye, certain Trend Micro performance hang-ups did appear. For one, the suite had a difficult time respecting the default browser setting on a Windows 7 laptop. Sometimes it would open internal program links into Firefox (the programmed default), but more often it would open them into Internet Explorer. These links -- opening into either browser -- took much too long to load. It wasn't clear whether this lag was because of the main suite or the Trend Micro toolbar scanning them before launching.Trend Micro's full scan was but slow, compared to other software packages I've used. The non-benchmarked, quick scan compared favorably with industry standards, coming in under a minute.  Trend Micro's results were also uneven on processor-intensive tests. Unfortunately, Trend Micro's efficacy is up for debate. The company no longer participates in the trials run by [...], and the most recent data from [...] is for the 2008 version. Keeping in mind that the data is for a test from September 2008 (though the 2008 release is actually from fall 2007 because of the security industry's naming conventions), Trend Micro had lukewarm results. It was able to detect between 90 and 95 per cent of malware on demand, between 85 and 90 per cent of adware and spyware on demand, and only notched one to two false positives.SupportTrend Micro offers free customer support, although if you're looking for help through the program, it will merely shove you via hot-linked FAQs toward the Trend Micro website. The Product Help link will keep you on your computer, but the rest jump you online. Once there, Trend Micro offers pre-recorded video help, manuals, online-chat service, and phone service. The phone number is listed on the website behind several links, and is not particularly easy to find.ConclusionTrend Micro looks and feels like a professional security suite, but it's worrisome that the company doesn't participate in the major tests that its competitors are subject to. Online backup and PC tune up features are nice to have, but it's really the performance of the software while you are trying to use your machine that really counts. You want something that runs without ever being noticed in terms of system performance, but at the same time is quick to step in if something happens; like you follow a malicious link or download a virus. A number of the vendors are managing to achieve that, but improvements can always be made.I like the state aware feature Trend Micro has introduced. Even if it reaches the scheduled time to do a scan or update it will check before doing it just to make sure you aren't doing something intensive. It may delay a scan for half an hour, but I'd rather that than it make the game I'm playing stutter or even crash.Overall, Trend Micro gives you a lot for your money, but lacks speed & verification from independent testers.  At least you get a fre USB stick out of the deal...A
TREND makes an average security software lineup priced accordingly. I have not problems with this software. It does pretty much as advertised. If you want to get away from all the hype with the big name products like McAfee and Norton then this is a potential option.It is setup to run basic/minimal security out of the box. I'm sure TREND doesn't want to overwhelm the average Windows user and increase their likely hood of getting more tech phone calls. I prefer a more robust setting with better protection. You can go in a change the settings to a more advanced setup, but this is not easy for the average user.It was easy to install and removes any old security programs you may have on your computer that may cause a conflict with it. Modern security programs need to have complete control and don't like sharing resources with other competing programs.I like that is comes on a usb key. CD's are so last decade now. With more and more people with broadband internet they tend to just junk up your office or get scratched. This is also nice for netbook and users without a cd/dvd drive.Running the program did cause a few of the built-in windows security features to conflict. Windows firewall flagged up a warning as TREND's firewall was being setup. The firewall was also set to minimal protection as default. This provides virtually no protection. Make sure to change this.Windows XP users shouldn't have many problems with this program. Be careful if your running the new Windows 7 as many people have reported that this does not run well on it.
Corel tried for a light office suite that would be appropriate for netbooks and machines without much in the way of resources.  They created a suite that has the basic functionality and flexibility that consumers have come to expect.  It's nowhere nearly as polished as Microsoft Office, but that is, in part, the point.However, Corel has to contend with competitors like OpenOffice, which is free.  I can't figure out why someone would pay for this suite when she could get OpenOffice and its equivalent functionality for free.  In the end, that's what makes this product somewhat superfluous to me at any rate.Your mileage may vary.  If you're looking for an inexpensive suite and don't like OpenOffice, then check out this Corel product.  It runs fine on my wife's Dell netbook.
I really wanted to like the new Corel Home Office suite.  I don't like the bloat that comes with Microsoft Office (over a gig to install everything) nor do I need all the features within it.  What I DO need is a reasonably priced office suite to use for word processing and spreadsheets that is compatible with other programs.At first, I thought CHO was it.  I love the fact that it's delivered on a USB drive, making it easy to install on my Asus EEEPC - it's also relatively small, taking up about 300 meg.  But from there, things don't go so well.To begin with, it's advertised as being compatible with the most recent Word format, .docx files.  And while it may open very simple ones, anything complex comes in as a total mess, or worse, completely uneditable.  I just tried to open a simple docx file that had a table layout, and was unable to edit any cells whatsoever.  Though continuing to try did finally crash Corel.  So OK - you can't have it all, but maybe building a document from scratch would be better....Not so much, primarily because there are no templates included with the product.  Now I know that many people like to just do their own design, but at this price point, and considering the market it's aimed at (basic home and small office users) I can't imagine what Corel were thinking when they failed to include any nice looking documents to start out with.  Every other product, including the free Open Office and Google Docs have at least SOME templates.  Not Corel though.Then there was the product update I just did - a download of the newest version.  Not so bad you think, they're already updating it....well, it didn't fix my docx problems, but did require digging out the serial number to install - for some reason it couldn't see that I had already gone through that and simply updated itself.  Not a deal breaker, but a pain.I've also had multiple crashes while trying various functions, among them converting tables to text, on both my EEEPC AND my very non-bloated quad core box.  So there are a few bugs hanging around as well.The worst part is that I really DID like some parts of it.  I liked the interface, and liked that it rearranged button bars to fit my netbook.  I liked the lightness, I liked the ease of installation, I liked the easy way to hide and show the main toolbar, netting plenty of extra vertical screen real estate.  I loved the ease with which it saved to PDF's.But I hated the poor compatibility, the lack of ability to open Open Ofice documents, the crashiness, the lack of templates, and the cost - because with Google Docs free for basic stuff, Open Office free for more complex stuff, and now the drop in price of MS Office Home and Student to the same $69 (at least here on amazon.com), I can't see any compelling reason to buy it.And that's a total drag.
This is a useful and inexpensive alternative to laying out $$ for a version of MS Office - and you can save all the various apps in MS Office compatible formats.  If you are not going to shell out the $ for Office, why not just get OpenOffice for free?
If you don't want to shell out loot for MS office this will do.  I feel there are equal or better free versions available. try OpenOffice (Google it) you may be surprised how much you get there for free.
I, like others, was very surprised to open the box and not find a disk to load the program.  At first, I thought I had mistaken the content, or the disk was missing. Once I figured it out, I didn't mind all that much the fact the program was on a UBS drive.But, I don't find the program easy to use, I don't like the way it opens Word files and it sure doesn't work like a Word file.  It maybe less expensive, but I think I'll stick with my Word 2003, as long as I can.  It is easy and does all the things I need.
Always on the lookout for an alternative to Microsoft products, just because I like to spread the wealth and promote competition, I had high hopes for this product.Installation went smoothly, and initial tests of the product were encouraging. My hope was for a suite of products that would be a plug and play substitute for Microsoft Office, the standard for office product suites in today's market. The product performed well in that most of the controls were easy enough to find (if the user is moderately familiar with Microsoft Office 2007, something I still find myself struggling with on occasion). Document, presentation and spreadsheet creation and usage within the product were pretty much the expected routine, no fanfare just good functionality.The problem I had with the product suite was with files created outside of the Corel product suite. A product that bills itself as a replacement/equivalent product for Microsoft Office needs to be able to open and work with files created under the competitor's suite. Unfortunately, after a couple of weeks of opening and having to tweak layouts on presentations or formatting in documents, I had to give up the ghost on the Corel suite; it was too much work trying to redo files created under Microsoft Office because they did not import to Corel Office cleanly.Bottom line, I have uninstalled and returned to Microsoft Office; I just cannot afford to use a product that is not 100% compatible with the industry standard. P-)
I didn't realize this was made more for a netbook, it just doesn't work nice on a regular PC. I found it is very lacking in compatability for microsoft products. I have Microsoft office 2003 on my PC and I do like it. This Corel is just too bare bones for me. I feel it is very nasty for them to require the serial # after an update, if you are not home and it asks for it what do you do then? I really do feel they should put in the title of the product that is made more for the netbooks so regular PC and laptop people aren't confused and disappointed that it doesn't work as nice as they would like on a PC.I don't mind installing via the USB stick but I imagine that they use USB because of this being more for the netbooks.I would prefer the free openoffice to this program.If you have a netbook this is an inexpensive alternative that is light and easy to use. It has the basic spreadsheets and word documents and it is fast loading, there isn't any bloat here.
I really didn't expect much from this program, and to be honest it didn't really surpass my expectations. But it's cheap (especially if you can get it at 39 bucks; a price which I noticed about a week ago here on Amazon), and feature-wise is more than adequate for the vast majority of users. OpenOffice has more functionality and it's free.As others have mentioned, this comes on a USB flash drive. That's a really nice touch. The drive's capacity is 512Mb. It's divided in two partitions: one CD emulator and one regular writable partition (much like U3, if you have had experience with that). The CD partition is read only, and cannot be modified. The CD partition takes up about 150Mb, while the rest is free and available to the user in the writable partition.Install time was average (about 2 minutes). The office programs load quite quickly on a system equipped with only 512mb of RAM, so it is definitely light on resources.Feature wise this is comparable to OpenOffice. BUT it includes a Ribbon interface (like Office 2007) which blows old menu systems away. Speaking of Office 2007, while CHO looks like it, there seems to be a problem with the new file formats. It just cannot handle  docx/xlsx files with 100% accuracy. First of all, the MS Office 2007 System Compatibility Pack needs to be downloaded and installed the first time you open one of the new file formats (it's automatic, but you need internet access). After that, the files will open and for the most part they will look just fine. But some documents, especially Excel 2007 ones, will lose some of the formatting. For example, table borders would disappear, or some text coloring was different. The actual information was still there though. I also should mention that you can save documents as PDF.Oh, and there is no DRM (at least there wasn't on my copy). There is only a simple serial number that needs to be inserted during the installation. That's definitely a plus and an advantage over Microsoft Office.
This software is great for most things needed at home.  Unfortunately, when trying to open an Excel file, we found that it was not compatible (at least not with Excel 2007 files).  Now, because MS Office and Works are the primary products on the market for such things, I would expect that cross compatibility would be primary, especially with a product as popular as Excel.As for navigation and use, it is very user friendly.  My wife likes how she didn't need to do a lot of guessing where this would be or that, but just used common sense (lacking in many programs) as to where to find it.Overall, I would recommend this program over the more expensive MS Office but would caution you if you need full abilities from both products in this one to run a business.
The app installed quickly from the USB drive and boasts a very low disk space cost.  I'm not crazy about the USB installation method.  There was already one serious USB drive worm scare earlier this year and I fear a move to USB drives from read-only media will open the door to more malware.  I prefer read-only optical disks.  This way, I'm assured my fresh installation media is never compromised.  And what about the possibility of accidentally erasing or corrupting your data on the drive?  I realize where they're going with the thumb drive (the netbook crowd), but I prefer to either copy the installation files myself from a CD to a USB thumb drive, download the files over my home network or from the Internet.  they're going Once installed, the program was quick to launch either from individual icons or the centralized launch icon (an option during install). Anyway, once installed, I noticed the interface is similar to Office 2007.  It has the ribbon style menu and the menu items are almost identical in appearence and placement as their MS counterparts.  However, once you compare MS Office and Corel Home Office side by side, it"s easy to see that MS Office is much more robust.  I also ran into compatibility issues with Corel Home Office, particularly with nested tables. I also had to download the MS Office 2007 compatibility pack from Microsoft to open a .docx & .xlsx files.  I noticed that some student-friendly options like captions, citations & bibliography, footnotes & endnotes, and several other advanced features are missing from CHO.  The grammar checker also leaves a lot to be desired as it allowed run-ons and fragmented sentences.  I understand all grammar checkers aren't as robust as MS Office, but if you allow such obviously incomplete sentences like "Am going.", why have a grammar checker at all?  Although Write has a smaller disk space footprint, resource usage between Word and Write was virtually identical.  On a positive note, the PDF saving was very good.  PDF files were clear and correct.  Most of the save to PDF programs I'd tried in the past left a lot to be desired.  Margins were off, text was improperly formatted, and it sometimes just looked plain ugly.  There are no such issues with Corel Home Office.Corel Home Office is marketed as a low cost, low resource, small footprint, compatible alternative to Microsoft Office '07.  Given the fact that Microsoft Office is mentioned no fewer than ten times in the Corel Home Office product description, it's no secret Corel Home Office has its sights set squarely on competing with MS Office, particularly with netbooks, limited space, and or users looking for a bargain.  The sad fact is, despite being a pretty neat Office package in its own right, it's hard to recommend it over MS Office when the cost of MS Office Home/Student edition is the same exact price.  Plus, you get many more features in MS Office, such as additional tools and formatting options in the individual applications, the MS Office Tools, the clip art catalog, and virtually unlimited online resources including templates, help, and tips.  Plus, you get the bonus of an additional program, One Note (great for students with tablet PC's).  Factor all that in and the only advantage for Corel is the size on disk.  Corel Home Office is a good option for someone with limited space (like users with SSD netbook drives) or any other computer with very limited disk space.  Another good fit is someone who DOESN'T want all of the features of Office, (which can be intimidating for some), and simply desires a small, resource friendly, easy to use Office application.  However, if you have a more common 160GB netbook, desire all the features MS Office can offer, and don't mind sacrificing an additional 400MB of disk space (for the most common MS Office 2007 installation), I would definitely recommend MS Office instead.
For the basics, lighter program. I prefer MS Office though. Maybe just because I'm used to it for so many years.
I installed Corel Home Office on my Windows Vista laptop a few months ago and have been using the software in conjunction with MS Office 2007 which came preloaded with my laptop. The license for Office is only a "trial" so I was looking for an alternative to buying the premium priced and bloated Office Suite.For the price Corel Home Office offers great basic features that probably will accommodate most average users. With MS Office I used Word and Excel most often - the equivalent programs with the Corel suite are 'Write' and 'Calculate'. Corel also offers a PowerPoint equivalent with Corel 'Show'. In my experience the Corel products worked great individually. Even the layout of 'Write' is similar to Word 2007. It took very little adjustment to learn the Corel software "buttonology".However, for users intending to use this software for viewing & editing MS Office files be warned that Corel has limited compatibility. In my experience whenever I opened MS Office Excel or Word files most if not all of the formatting was lost. It's a tremendous hassle to have to reset all the formatting in a document or spreadsheet.Bottom line, this is decent software and best suited for someone not concerned with MS Office compatibility.
This software is distributed on a usb thumbdrive. Initial installation was quick and without problems.Write is the word processing element of the package. I was surprised at how this Corel product did not inform you that it will open very simple documents in the wordperfect format, which has also been owned by Corel for a long time. In the file requestor menu you have to click on the generic "other files" to be able to see any wordperfect .wpd files. But it will open them, just so long as they are simple. Most people today probably are looking for M Word compatibiliy, but there are bound to be some still interested in the venerable W perfect.Like other reviewers have noted, the key here with compatibility is defintely simple files. Imported files with more complications than the most rudimentary headers will required some reediting. Attempts with files with tables and graphics were not satisfactory.I do like the menu layout. A sensible collection of the most basic functions are available in each of the program groups of write, calculate, and show. Every brand says it has the most common functions in their default menus, but I agreed with Corel's choices in this product.Calculate performed basic spreadsheet functions without trouble. Show, the presentation part of the software, works alright for simple slides, but I found support for video and sound under OLE embedding a pain.One last comment, is that while I had the software on my computer for about a day an update became available. During installation of the update it requested the serial number again. If that is an ongoing practice, I could see it getting annoying in real world use over time since this is supposed to be a product aimed at portable laptop users. I don't know if every update requires you to run and get the serial or if it was just that one time.The above opinions are based on a pre-release reviewer's distribution of the software.
Just to get it out of the way, experiencedAdobe Photoshopusers will likely turn up their nose at this product, especially if Photoshop is provided to them at work or by other means.  Meanwhile the rest of us who pay for our own software may find a lot of features for the money.Installation was smooth and easy except a rather annoying requirement that we must immediately call for a registration code before using the product.  The phone was answered instantly but it still took almost 15 minutes for a registration code to be generated.  No matter, while waiting I had an enjoyable conversation with a nice British chap on the other end.  Once that was done, server connected to server and off we went.The similarities to Photoshop at least in appearance are obvious, but I can't give a honest comparison because I'm not a Photoshop expert.  I'm just a regular guy who has the will but not the ability to enhance photos and make the unrealistic look realistic just like the Photoshop Wizards do.  I start by selecting the obvious option, viewing the tutorials and... hmm, that's odd nothing happens.  I shut off my firewall (Norton 360) just in case it's blocking something but still nothing happens. I even added the program as safe to my firewall but still no dice.  Selecting Tutorials from the Help Menu has the same problem.  Alright, that is obviously a problem, especially since I can open the tutorials myself by going to the \Tutorials\US1033 subdirectory and opening the file called "Photoplus X3 Program CD".Once you get the tutorials open, you'll find they are a rather confusing mess.  They have a nice looking menu with options that start from the absolute beginning (what type of photo format to use) to necessities (removing red eye, adjustment brightness/contrast, working with layers) to advanced and creative effects like macros, batch processing, vector shapes, depth maps, and so on.  When you select an item, instead of a nice instructional video, all you are getting is a PDF file opened up in Adobe Acrobat Reader that you'll need to read on your own.  What burns me up is the developers want you to spend additional money to purchase a program called Studio Extras to see additional tutorials on what I believe are important subjects.  These include things like extracting subjects, glamorizing photos, and other common photo enhancement tasks.  In my opinion, this shouldn't be optional but standard since beginners will need to learn these things in order to use PhotoPlus effectively.  Granted, Adobe may be guilty of the exact same thing, but that's no reason for the makers of Photoplus (Serif) to imitate them.Serif does include a nice 200pg booklet covering many of the items discussed in the tutorials and there are some additional educational materials users can download from the Serif website.  Still, I hesitate to recommend this to beginners unless they plan to spend additional money on the Studio Extras.  As it stands, anyone should be able to load a photo and apply the many different filters to it but I don't believe this program as sold is enough to teach beginners how to take an idea from the mind and turn it into reality.  If the developers get smart and complete this program by combining the Studio Extras and adding additional instructional videos or flash demos showing examples of each task in action, it is quite possible this program along with their already existing forum community may turn out to be a capable but less-expensive alternative to Adobe's flagship program.
I had pretty much the same experience as others who purchased this product. Registration is a painful process, first I had to call during working hours as they are closed at 6PM EDT. I have my day job, so can only get to it at night. I finally did it one day coming home early, only to be put on hold for 15 minutes before got connected with somebody. Then, I had to sit through a sale pitch that a person tried to sell me a whole bunch of other software which I am not interested. I was frustrated, because most other software registration processes are painless and take no time at all. What are they thinking?After a week use: The software is very decent, with all the tool you woul need to work with your digital pictures. manipulating the image is relatively fast. I loaded a 33MB Tiff image and it took about 3 seconds. Once loaded, moving around the image is fast. Menu system and tools are similar to Photoshop Element, even better in some way. I am almost totally happy with the software, except for the fact that there is no library features just like Photoshop element. Purely editing software.I could give it 4 stars, but deducted one for the registration process, which could prompt some people to give up on it.
PhotoPlus X3 by Serif strikes a good balance between photo and image editing, offering a solid mix of simple and automatic tools and features to touch-up and optimize photos, as well as a few more advanced features that arguably lean into the "professional" side of the image editing software spectrum.  The QuickFix Studio is pretty much as advertised, allowing the user fine-grained control over colors and offering a histogram; the default to the histogram should be a clear indicator of who this software targets. A checkbox next to the filter you want to use brings it online, but I found the crucial and basic Red Eye filter to not only be difficult to use (by virtue of having no walk-through and no automatic setting), but just plain ineffective.  However, while PhotoPlus X3 makes a strong case for itself in photo and image editing, it leaves something to be desired in graphic design, offering only a few crop and layering tools to be used.  It lacks the accouterments found in competing consumer-grade image editors. PhotoPlus X3 is nowhere near as user friendly, is more expensive than some (at $79.99), and doesn't offer direct uploading to Flickr or any other web service.  Serif PhotoPlus X3 Digital Studio isn't bad software; it's just not good enough.
My background: I already ownAdobe Photoshop Elements 5.0 Premiere Elements 3.0 Bundle [OLDER VERSION] and have figured out a number of the features, but don't have a complete grasp on everything.  I use the software for basic "tweaking" of my photos.  I don't do too much really fancy stuff.As others have noted, the first issue is the registration.  They require that you register before using the software.  They also promote calling them through their toll-free number.  You can register online (from the Serif webiste--there is a link for "Registration" at the bottom of the page), which simplifies things immensely.  They are a UK company, so when you call they give you East coast hours of operation, but when you send an email the auto-response gives the hours in GMT (Monday-Friday 8.30 a.m. - 9.00 p.m., Saturday 9.00 a.m. - 12.30 p.m.).  I registered online--pay careful attention to the serial number and marketing code given on the splash screen when you open the software.  The numbers are very close to the product key, but not exact.  I messed it up the first time and had to do it again to get the correct code.  You also cannot cut and paste, so you need to retype them.Once I got the software registration squared away, getting started is simple.  It loads up with a wizard screen (which you can turn off) that will direct you to tutorials and samples to get started.  I opened a photo and it has a "How-to" off to the side so you can easily step through the basic photo tweaking.  I picked to learn about cloning (I've done this a few times, but not too much).  Problem was that I couldn't find all the icons it told me to click.  I had to click the "show me how" links a couple of times.I've taken a lot of underwater photos from snorkeling on vacations.  They tend to have a bluish cast to them that I like to remove.  This is a very simple task in Photoshop (remove Color Cast).  I went looking for a similar tool in PhotoPlus and found nothing.  To try and do the same simple task, I would need to adjust a bunch of different settings and it still wouldn't look right.I did freeze my computer with this software.  I tried opening about 7 2-3 MB photos and it just froze.  I had to do a hard shut down on my computer.  I'm won't say it is completely PhotoPlus's fault because I did have a couple of other programs running, but it was the one with the biggest task and I let it sit for a while when it should have been able to load them all.  On my second try loading the photos, the software opened them all up without any trouble.What I do like about this software is all tutorials for basic photo touch-ups like removing red eyes, blemishes, "makeovers" (meaning smoothing out skin, giving a suntan), and the like.  It is all right there and handy to lookup.  I'm not sure the tutorials are perfect, but it is easy to find and the "do this for me" makes it easy to follow.For my basic photo tweaking, I think I will stick with Photoshop Elements, but since I own an older version I can't recommend the latest version.  I give PhotoPlus 3 stars because it has all the basics, but their registration is a pain and it is missing some key features for me.
Okay, I have to agree with pretty much all the other reviewers on this product that the registration portion of it is absolutely and unabashedly HORRIBLE!!! Allow me to reiterate, HORRIBLE!!! I almost didn't even bother continuing with this product I was so angry over the registration process. If the company that makes this software wants to continue selling it, they need to immediately fix this issue. However, once you get past this initial totally frustrating glitch, the software itself is actually quite good for the average user.Now if you do a lot of working with images, I would strongly suggest you check out;Adobe Photoshop CS4or depending upon what you are doing, you may even want to check out;Adobe Creative Suite 4 Master Collection. Yes, it is quite pricey, but I have used various versions for almost 8 years now and other than a couple of easily resolved issues a couple of years ago, I haven't had any problems whatsoever and use it almost daily. It is great software and well worth the price you pay for it. Okay, now that I am done plugging Adobe products I will continue with this product.I found the program to be a little bit better than basic and was actually fairly easy to navigate around and I even did some work on some business photographs for a few days with this software and it was absolutely flawless in the applications that I was doing. For the very reasonable price of this software, I don't know how you could go wrong with it once you get past the HORRIBLE registration process.If it wasn't for the registration issues, I would have happily given this product a 4 1/2 star rating. However, I ended up giving it a 3 star rating primarily because of the registration issue, which by the way made me so angry that I seriously considered giving it a 1 star rating. But the software does what it promises and that tempered my initial opinion quite a bit.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence series.
For the price, this is an okay photo editing program for beginners. You can do a bunch of simple, useful and fun things--like adjust the exposure or apply various artistic affects, like pencils or oils. Does it stand up to a full-featured photoediting program, likeCorelDRAW Graphics Suite X5orAdobe Photoshop CS5? No, of course not, but then those programs have a much higher learning curve and cost hundreds of dollars. Is it as easy to use as some kids' art programs, likeKid Pix Deluxe 4 Home Edition? No, but then those programs can't really manipulate photos like this one can. While it's rather outdated, it's a decent program for an adult or teenager who wants to make his or her photos look better, and it isn't too bad for the price.
First let me say that I too, had to call to register the product in order to get it to run which is rather annoying.However, once I got into playing with it I was ready to forgive a little.  I installed it on an HP D530 3.0 GHz  with no problems.  I enjoy having a manual I can take along to leaf through and consult when working.I love the QuickFix Studio, which make it quite simple to fix up snapshots in a hurry. Having the Before and After guides makes it simpler to see what exactly you are going to get.  The Makeover studio made it easy to take off wrinkles, dark undereye circles and pimples from an image (if only it were so simple in real life).  (The teeth whitening function though, make the photo look strange to me).The Batch format is nice to take a whole bunch of images and standardize them to the same size (like for posting online and format).The Instant Artist can suck up a lot of your time as you play around making your photos into watercolor, oil paintings and sketches.  However, I am not sure exactly what you would do with these images, it is fun to make them, and I suppose you might use them in art or on cards, but I cannot see sending such a snapshot to Grandma.  That said, my sis in law loves those shots where you make everything B&W; except a few dashes of color (like the bow on a dress) and I was able to make shots like this for her.I do not like that it wants to save your photos in its own format, rather than jpg.  You can chose jpg, but it is not the default.  Also annoying is that they called me a few days later.  I do not know what they wanted, because I told them I felt uncomfortable talking to them before I wrote a review.Overall I think the program is useful for us amateur photographers who like to fix up and play around with our photos.  But they need to work on the customer service angle,  having to register on the phone is just not acceptable.  I would give the program four stars, but am taking one away for the whole registration and then calling me fiasco.
For an out of the box experience with animation, this isn't a bad program. I've used animation programs off and on since the says of the Amiga (Disney Animation Studio rocked!). This program is easy for those to get started with right away but I will say, it crashed a lot. I have a clean system and I still couldn't keep it stable.
Looking at some of the examples in SmithMicro's gallery, there is no doubt that Anime Studio Debut 6 can create some stunning animations.  This is a powerful 2D animation program, but it is not the easiest thing to use in the hands of a beginner.  From the perspective of someone who is quite computer savvy, but a newbie to the animation scene, this program is often difficult to use, not terribly user friendly, and after a few weeks of tinkering I was not able to generate anything close to impressive.Once again, please realize that this review is from the point of view of someone who has never used computer animation tools before.  It may well be that in the hands of a more experienced user, the tools here are accessible and easy to use. It may also be that when compared to similar programs this one is amazingly user friendly, fast, and easy to use. However, I can only reflect on my experience as a beginner; so take this review with a grain of salt if you are more experienced.The program comes attractively packaged and can be used on either a PC or a Mac.  I used the Mac version of the program.  It installed quite easily and was up and running within minutes.  The program comes with a quick start guide and a number of tutorials that go over the basics. Even so, the menus are not all that user friendly and the program does not guide you to the correct place when you are going wrong.  The help menus were similarly of little use to me.  Once again, this may reflect my overall lack of experience with these kinds of programs.Once properly oriented, it was easy enough to make basic shapes.  After finding the appropriate menus, there were a number of pre-made animations, characters, and backgrounds that could be placed within a scene.  It has a built-in vector drawing program.  This is definitely serviceable, but there are better ones out there.  I did not try it, but you can apparently import images from another vector drawing program if you prefer this.A major positive here was the 'bones system' employed by the program.  Basically, you embed mini-armatures and connect them with joints.  This allows you to move your characters or objects like you would a marionette.  This truly simplifies moving a character in space.  It is also helpful that you simply move the bones to the desired position and the program actually animates it for you--this is not a 'stop motion' kind of technique and really speeds things up.  However, just as there are good puppeteers and bad puppeteers there are good and bad animators.  Sadly, there is apparently a steep learning curve.  My characters move more like robots than they do actual people.Layers are relatively easy to navigate.  There are supplied backgrounds or you can draw your own. The program allows you to manipulate the layers separately for desired effects.  There are also some pre-animated images that you can place into your movie.  These can be customized as you desire and moved around as objects.  Unfortunately, these are drawn in diverse styles and are not separated into families.  So you have Manga kinds of human characters, some classic animation type objects and characters, and others that look more cartoonish and Homer-Simpsonesque. You can make your own characters, of course, but this can be a tedious and labor intensive process.Sound tracks and music can also be added as can voice effects with 'automatic lip synching.'  I wasn't good at syncrhonizing the music with the video, but I'm sure that could come over time if I press on.  And I didn't try the lip synching.As these are 2D animations and not 3D vector characters, they cannot be turned around in space--you will not be animating the latest Disney production with this program.  You are stuck with frontal and side views.  Even so, many clever effects can be achieved as can bee seen in the Smith Micro gallery.I am not familiar with similar programs in the past.  It may well be that this program is a real breakthrough, saving time for the hard core animator or enthusiast.  For me, however, I found the process frustrating and often difficult. I started off with a great deal of motivation, really wanting to roll up my sleeves and create some great animation.  However, I would not have persisted in creating anything had I not received the program through Vine and needed to write a review. My results were distinctly unimpressive--more like a silent version of Terry Gilliam's Monty Python animation than a cartoon, except even more primitive.  But at least I got some results.One interesting side point is that during this process I was so frustrated I started to look for other options.  I had remembered reading about 'Alice,' a program developed by Randy Pauch (writer ofThe Last Lecture) and others at Carnegie Mellon University. His goal was to create a highly user friendly program that could teach basic programming to students and be used by anyone, not just computer science majors.  This is a free download and can be found at its own website with a quick Google search.  As it turns out, there is less flexibility with Alice, but the learning curve is more manageable.  The results are astounding and the process is less frustrating for the beginner.So I'm giving this one 3 stars.  Guys like me should stick to Alice.  The enthusiasts, avid hobbyists, and professionals can clearly get amazing results with Anime Studio, and I will continue to admire them on the sidelines.  However, the learning curve is steep for the beginner and the results for the newbie are limited.
Having sat through tutorials and even going through the pdf guides I still have to say that I was frustrated with the results. Is it the fault of the program? partially. But primarily my fault. This program is very time-intensive for beginners which can be a big problem to overcome.I do have Photoshop experience so I feel I had a leg up on many who may feel inclined to try this program.Unfortunately, I am not artistic, meaning I can draw stick figures and not much more - which is where a program such as this would really be beneficial.Pros:* Quickstart tutorial - is fun and guided.* System provides intuitive progression to first animation.* Lip Sync functionality Built inCons:*Time intensive - if you were hoping some sort of WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) interface, forget it. You need to supply the work (art) and animate it.*Can be difficult to get into - Requires some prior working knowledge of other programs such as photoshop (understand layers, curves, etc.)Worked on my Vista Machine with Dual Core 2.8Ghz and 4 GB RAM just fine.All in all 3/5 stars - truly believed those with more experience in art and animation would benefit.
This is a product that is probably intended for people who would love to learn a new skill and need to start with the basics. For example, I would love to learn to play the piano, but I have to face the reality that I just don't have musical abilities.  I would love to learn animation but I'm not sure even an "easy" computer software program will teach me the TALENT to create animation.To the authors of this software, who no doubt are talented animation artists, this is probably a valuable tool.  To me, I would suggest to them starting the user off with something more than a "here it is" screen.  They need to produce a second disc that contains a "hey, let's show you how to create your very first animation".I think then Anime Studio Debut 6 could be a ton of fun.Some products benefit from adding additional comments at a future date, for me this is one that I intend to come back in a few months and update my comments after I learn a little more about using this software.
So far I haven't really used it, mainly because it seems more like a toy. I haven't figured out a practical use for it.
Maybe I would have liked this better if I had never used Photoshop Elements. Because I am used to PSE, I found this product difficult to use and definitely not intuitive.It installed easily on the Mac, no problems there. Although the program has lots of capabilities, it is not as powerful as PSE. There is a learning curve that I didn't expect with what is essentially a low-end graphics editor.This is an in-between product: Probably better than iPhoto, but nowhere near as good as Photoshop Elements.
My experience with Broderbund is that it is a popular graphics software that has been easy and provides an enormous amount of graphics for everyday printing use.  The Broderbund PrintMaster printing program is something I am using for a digital Scrapbook; this has proved a wonderful easy to use project.  The Printmaster software is my first software of this kind and this one has so many projects for so many purposes, scrapbooks, business cards, invitations, crafts, envelopes, gift tags, charts, postcards, signs, banners, and more.The projects are easy to use.  I have been working exclusively with the Scrapbook for now.  I have no problems.  Although I believe some paper color choices or design pages are not attractive at all, too bold.  You cannot put pictures with busy dark backgrounds.However, the program is designed so you can purchase MORE pages and layouts from online, at a hefty cost of course.  In the program, the clip art for scapping children's pages is not very good.  There is no simple way to search for clipart.  It doesn't stay once you select, not even for one clip.The User's manual is in book form and not very visible; the pages illustrated are small, print is not too readable.  Choose the PDF version that is within the program.  The software is compatible with PC and MAC.  It is easy with an abundant amount of ideas, designs, colors, tools, etc.Ugly pagesWhat I do not like is the way too many busy and ugly background pages.  One does not need this many, making it difficult to search.There are some good features, but not enough predesigned attractive pages.  Rare.I have not printed yet, but will plan to print my project at a professional printer.  Ok, It took well over an hour to install, but hope it is completely worth it.  Excellent!!  Rizzo
I remember having a PrintMaster software kit on the first computer I ever purchased.  That was over 11 years ago, and frankly this version isn't all that much better than the one that ran on Windows 98.  That's kind of sad, but then again, how much can you really do with this type of program?This program will produce these things when used in conjunction with your printer:-Banners-Bookmarks-Brochures-Business Cards-Calendars-Certificates-Crafts-Dinner Menus-Doorknob hangers-Envelopes-Family Trees-Gift Tags-Greeting Cards-Growth Charts-Home Coupons-Invitations-Labels-Letterheads-Newsletters-Party Crowns-Party Hats-Photo Cubes-Place Cards-Postcards-Puzzles-Recipe Cards-Scrapbook pages-Signs-Stickers-'To Do' listsIn all honesty there are better programs for newsletters, business cards, and other 'business' related materials.  MS Publisher, Word, Works, OpenOffice... just to name a few.  This program would be good for someone who doesn't have any of the other programs and who has small kids at home.  Party hats, stickers, growth charts, greeting cards and scrapbook pages are made for them.  Also, if you don't already have a photo editing suite, this program will crop and adjust your photos.  I prefer a free program from Google called PicasaWindows XP Home or Pro, SP3 and Windows Vista.  (Windows 7 is not mentioned.) With at least 1GB of memory and a 1.6 GHz processor is recommended.  22GB of space is required on your hard drive IF you want to install all the templates and art.  That's a lot of space!  The program is also compatible with MAC and this is a 'cross platform' bit of software.  In other words, you can share projects between a PC and a Mac without a problem.  This is probably the best part of PrintMaster Platinum 2.0! You can also create your designs and post them to the web - such as via Facebook or MySpace.The bottom line: PrintMaster Platinum 2.0 is nothing new, but if you don't have these things in another program, or if you want to share projects across platforms, you might enjoy using it.
Given the number of bad reviews and the serious problems I had installing this thing, I was prepared to give a scathing review.  Once I got it installed, however, and tested it, I realized this will be a great piece of software to give to my daughter to use with her kids (assuming it installs on her pc).I'm an IT trainer and am using new, high-end hardware and software.  My main machine is a 27" iMac running Windows XP using Boot Camp.  I have the latest version of Java installed but got an error that read "The JVM could not be started."I went to the Broderbund website and found a solution associated with 137 related cases.  Their solution was:1.) Click Start Menu -> Run2.) Type in "msconfig" and enter3.) Click Selective Startup4.) Uncheck the following:Process SYSTEM.INI FileProcess WIN.INI FileLoad Startup Items5.) Click the Services tab6.) Check Hide All Microsoft Services7.) Click Disable All8.) Click OK and Click RestartRefusing to risk screwing up my machine by making those changes, I tried to install on two other similarly configured machines with the same error on the second pc and success on the third, and least powerful, pc.The first of the three disks took over an hour to install.  The second and third took about 45 minutes each.  The install of the additional two disks required me to locate the appropriate program folder as the disks had not been correctly programmed to work with this version of PrintMaster.  You can't download the images without running the install.Startup takes longer than opening any of my Adobe programs (Indesign, Photoshop, Premiere).  Even selecting a template took so long I thought my pc was frozen.Template selections are good but many appear to be targeting a market of young girls.  For example, 85% of the calendars are pink and/or frilly.I clicked on the "Browse More Online" button and was taken to a site with nice design packages selling for $2 to $6.  The "Free Downloads" tab only had 8 options.I went back to Printmaster and selected a trifold brochure.  Because I had no personal photos on this pc, I clicked on the Clip Art option. I chose an image and it immediately moved to the selected spot in the brochure.  I enlarged it to fit the spot and was warned that enlarging would cause pixilation but I enlarged anyway.  It printed fine.I was able to easily modify the document, add pictures, text, change fonts and line spacing.  It effortlessly guided you through the process of previewing and checking for errors.  It rendered quickly and printed beautifully.It's far easier and cheaper to use than Photoshop, which I have used several times to create brochures and may be a more flexible way to create calendars than using Word.When I have another three hours free, I'll try installing this software to the Leopard side of this iMac and then exporting creations as html.
When I installed this, I thought the install would never finish.  It was one of the longest installs I have ever done, I think.  It ended up taking up 8 gigs of space and created over 2,000 folders and over 40,000 files.  It is a substantial program.  The program also loads rather slowly and runs rather slowly.  I have a reasonably fast machine that's only a few years old.  With super large hard disks available these days, probably the space it takes up is not a big deal.  Also, to put it in perspective, Office 7 takes up nearly 450 gig, so 8 gig is small in comparison.  The 8 gig on my PC does not include the two optional art disks that come with the package, so by the time those are installed, it could easily end up taking considerably more space.The install went cleanly on Windows 7 and required just one reboot.  The program appears to run well on Windows 7 (other than being slow).  I found it to be quite easy to use and intuitive.  I was able to easily move around and find what I wanted.  One problem I encountered is that the templates come up quite small and you can't read what's in the fill-in boxes.  It is easy to zoom, so I guess that's not a big deal.  I created a certificate very quickly and it was easy to customize it.  I had a little trouble figuring out how to do business cards and printing CDs or DVDs appears to be set up for certain Avery Labels (with 2 to a page) and not for direct CD printing.  I couldn't find a way to print a single CD, directly on the CD, as I have a printer that can print CDs.One plus is that the program comes with a bound and printed 112 page user guide, which is a rarity these days.  The problem with the manual was that it was printed in very small type and would take a magnifying glass for me to read it easily.  A young person with good eyes can probably read it comfortably.  The user guide is also available electronically within the program, so you can read it on screen rather than using the printed version.  The help file within the program goes to the internet, which is a plus in that it can be kept current on the internet (if they keep it up).  The minus is that it loads a little slower than if it was part of the program and if you have a slow connection, it could really be slow.Since I never used prior versions of PrintMaster, I can't compare this one.  Several reviewers suggested it is not as good.  If you have never used a prior version, this seems like a reasonable version to start with.  It is probably the newest version (as of April 2010) when I wrote this, so it is likely to be supported longer than prior versions and probably updated with some free updates for at least a while.The output print quality appears to be quite good and it appears to print with the same speed as just about any other program.  I wasn't too impressed with the available clip art, as least what was provided on the main install disk.  I didn't check on the other optional clip art disks.  Resizing clip art warns you that it can pixelate when printed, so it's apparently not scalable without losing quality.  You can always insert your own pictures and the process seemed easy to do.With the extreme versatility of Office Suites now, such as MS Office, my question would be why do you need PrintMaster?  With all the templates available for Office, you can accomplish many of the same things as with PrintMaster and sometimes perhaps in some cases do so even easier. I suppose not always.  I'm sure PrintMaster shines at doing certain things quickly and easily.  If you don't have a full blown office suite or have need for one, and PrintMaster does everything you want, it's only about $40 and is certainly a fraction of the cost of a big office suite.  It does a lot of different printing projects and for the casual home computer user who just wants to quickly create a certificate, a calendar, a greeting card, a brochure, an invitation or any of a number of other items, it's ideal.  Most business users will already have an office suite that can already accomplish most of these things without undue difficulty or the need for a separate product.
PRINTMASTER PLATINUM 2.0 is a relatively easy-to-use print project program.  Not the worst I've ever tried, but not the best either! The install alone took around 4 hours - and that was using a quad core Mac!  Not good!The clip art and design templates library is mediocre - offering a large extensive list of selections, but failing to deliver quality, top-notch images.PRINTMASTER PLATINUM 2.0 does offer a convenient way to turn out print projects.  The program is not as intuitive and straightforward as I would have liked, but it does offer faster project times than doing the projects manually without using the software.All in all, I'd rate PRINTMASTER PLATINUM 2.0 as average - it increases project times, but I doubt you will fall in love with the program.
I installed this product on an older xp machine with a lot of memory.  Installation took around 1 hour.  It takes up a lot of space so if you have a harddrive that is smaller or one that is getting pretty full, you might want to think twice about this package.I have never used Printmaster extensively and it was years ago when I did.  I found that the program loaded quickly enough, but then you have the option to make your project from scratch, or from template.  I chose template, and found out that they load slowly.  It has to build the library and on my pc, that takes about 3-5 minutes!  Then, I notice if I finish one project,and try to make a new one, it loses the template library.  I get around this by shutting the program down and reloading, but that's a pain!  Then it works fine.I like the scrapbooking templates and find them very, VERY easy to use.  There are pretty of really pretty templates and you can buy more online- most run form 5.95-9.95.  "Paper" assortments and other embellishment libraries are 2.95. It comes with more than enough to get you started though.I find it hilarious that you can make party hats with this software.  I like it.  I find it to be stable while running, and I like that I can print my scrapbooks easily to PDF.In looking around the web to learn more about how to make my own templates, I saw a lot of complaints about this software not opening up older versions' files, and furthermore, causing older versions not to run anymore when this was installed and then uninstalled.  There's some horror stories out there, so if you are a long term user, you might want to check that out before buying this.  If you are new to it though, like me, it might work ok for you.  I find it to be extremely easy, and fun.  My main complaint is that I don't like having to restart the software every time I want to do a new project and use a template.
UPDATE:I purchased a new computer, ASUS K50IJ T4500 4GB DDR2, and was able to install this program with no problems. Installation took much longer than any program I have ever installed in over 20 years of using a PC. Printmaster was one of my all-time favorite programs; I used it to prepare brochures, signs, cards, crafts, banners, etc. The Platinum 2 version is not as easy to use as the Platinum 16 DVD version I used frequently. I'm still unable to add color to a Headline that I applied a gradient fill to; it remains in grayscale/black; I used to be able to make rainbow colored, gradient headlines.  Also, the clip art that comes with the program has a white background.  I haven't dealt with a white background on clip art in years. It's disappointing because who wants a card with a nice image of flowers that has a white background applied to a blue card?  The program is huge!  22gb & runs a little slowly. I will continue to work with the program and update this review. I am surprised how long it's taking me to make changes to a ready-made card template. For now, I have upgraded the star rating from 2 to 3.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I read the reviews, most of which are negative, but still had high hopes for Printmaster Plantinum 2.0.  Unfortunatley, almost 3 hours later I'm still unable to install this program.  I'm using Windows XP SP3. I can't get past the JAVA issue. I updated the JAVA program & still PrintMaster gives me an error of not being able to find the file it needs to finish installation. Printmaster was always one of my favorite go-to programs for the many, many projects, crafts & greeting cards I created. I am so disappointed.
I am a member of the Amazon Vine Program.  Basically publishers and other entities allow Amazon to give away products for free so previously selected customers can give ratings on their site.  They can be books, software, food, haircare products, electronics, etc...  When Amazon sends out their newsletter you select what you want and hope (and pray) it's available.  Thus far I've mostly gotten books.  When I saw that this software program was still available I was VERY excited.  I use Windows  and Mac machines.  Thus far I have only seen a very outdated printing program for Mac.  I was limited to whatever was available for Windows and couldn't use my Mac for any creative printing.  As I said, I was VERY excited, that is, until I read the reviews and saw the 1.5 star rating.  I had already ordered it and it was complimentary so I wanted to do a very thorough job of critiquing it.  I hope I've done that.  (FYI I am a Print ShopThe Print Shop 2.0 Professionaluser so I am not comparing this to previous versions to PrintMaster.  There are PLENTY of veteran users of PrintMaster who have voiced their opinion on this site!  I am also critiquing this on an updated MacBook using SnowLeopard.)***** I looked through SOME of the negative comments and wanted to see if they were accurate.  Here are some of them (out of context) and my BEST findings:*****1.  The user must install all the clipart:  Some of it is installed with the first disk.  You can install more templates and art with the other two disks.  When installing the first disk you CANNOT uncheck if you want clipart installed.2.  Limited amount of templates and they are awful:  Compared to Print Shop the availability of templates is paltry, at best, and they leave a lot to be desired.3.  Clipart is "awful":  This is very subjective.  I personally felt the clipart was OK and plentiful.4.  Can't get clipart without `white borders':  I tried figuring out what this meant.  I believe that the people who wrote this mean that the clipart doesn't cut to the edge and if you place it on a background other than white you have a white square.  That is true for SOME but not all of the clipart.5.  Can't copy/paste clipart from outside the program:  That is incorrect.  Not only could I pull it in I could literally drag it from my desktop.  I gather this person didn't work with the program enough.6.  Clipart difficult to search and is slow:  I didn't find either to be true.  As far as speed is concerned people have to realize it depends on your machine and how fast it runs, the size, whether you're running other programs, etc...  It may have NOTHING to do with this program.7.  The thumbnails are too small:  I say they are medium-sized.  However, you also have to keep in mind the size of your screen and what resolution you have it set at.  If you're using a 19" they'll be much larger than a 13" (which is what I'm on).8.  You lose all of your files from previous versions of PrintMaster:  I'm going to gather that this is accurate because PrintShop's newest software has the same glitch.  It's just `one of those things' that happens when software is dramatically updated.9.  No `free-standing graphics' within templates:  I'm taking this as you can't move, delete or change graphics within templates.  For labels, I couldn't.  For other templates, I could.10.  No 8.5"x11" greeting card template:  There are some but very, very few.  Not very smart on Broderbund's part.11.  Business Cards/Labels have no global editing:  In other words you have to change each and every card/label.  I tried my hardest to find a way to change ALL of the labels (I didn't test out the cards) and couldn't find it.  I wrote Broderbund for a solution.  I will address that later.  This one is (foolishly) accurate.12.  The program took a long time to install:  It took about 40 minutes but remember it's a full installation with some clipart.  That's to be expected.13.  Start-up menu:  Somebody complained about the start-up menu options.  It's very simplistic:  you either start with a blank object, templates or can see your recent projects.  No big deal.14.  Only one size mailing label:  When I read this I thought `This person must not know what they're talking about!'  I was very wrong.  This program has no label options.  I use labels in my classroom quite a bit and was very disappointed that I couldn't choose specific sizes.  Yes, you choose between shipping, CD, mailing, address, etc...but as you know they have different sizes within those categories.  I also addressed this with Broderbund.15.  Off-center printing:  I didn't print very much but what I did print seemed to do OK.  This can be caused by many different things other than a program.16.  Not for the `creative' type of person:  This program is for people who want things very simple.  Remember not everybody is a Photo Shop pro out there.17.  Can't create monthly calendars-only yearly ones:  While this isn't accurate, you can create monthly calendars, I couldn't find a way to choose a month so the program could plug in the date for me.  The instructions tell you what to do to get to a calendar wizard but when you follow them they don't work.  I also could never get to a calendar wizard the correct way (I had to do a search) and couldn't get to the site.  I'm under the impression that you can't print your own calendars but have to get them professionally printed.  This was another topic I brought up to Broderbund.*****  My own complaints:*****1.  You have the choice to get photos as you create your project or after it's been created (but before editing).  For the life of me I can't access my iPhoto library during the Autofill (as I create my project) option.  Very frustrating.2.  You can get more templates-but you have to buy them.  That bothers me when software companies want you to pay for extras like that.3.  The site [...] doesn't exist.  That MAY have helped with the calendar problem.4.  It is a little slow, even with my updated system.5.  I wrote Broderbund about the three issues that I commented on in my critique.  They say it should take 48 hours.  I gave them 7 days and heard nothing back except that they got my initial email.  That is very poor service.  I also let them know I would be critiquing this product.  While they say `First Come, First Served' I doubt they have THAT much to deal with when it comes to this specific product.  I deducted an entire star for them not getting back to my issues.*****  What I did like:*****1.  Even though I couldn't access my iPhoto library as I was going through the steps of creating my project I did like the ease of access to it as I was editing my project.  It's all right there on the right side in the Resource Gallery.  Other items are there too.2.  You can dictate how many pages you want for a banner.  That's very helpful rather than trying to guess.3.  The art projects were interesting.  The scrap-booking interlocked with iPhoto is priceless if that's what you're into.4.  I liked the backgrounds.5.  It's hybrid.My overall impression:I probably wouldn't have been happy had I paid full-price for this software.  Ironically I received an email from Broderbund offering it at half-price shortly after ordering it through the Vine program.  Half-price may not have made me think it was a waste.  If you have another program that allows your to create business cards, labels, calendars and greeting cards (or can go online) this isn't a bad program for the other items.  If you are a true-blue PrintMaster, PrintArtist or PrintShop fan and really don't need it for a Mac then I'd stay with those programs.  If you really want something for your Mac and don't have anything for it than I'd have to say it's worth it when it comes down in price.If you have any solutions for the problems I've mentioned please leave comments.  I'd be happy to hear them!
I have Windows Vista Home Premium SP2, AMD Phenom 9550 Quad-Core Processor 2.2 GHz, 6 GB of RAM, 256 MB video RAM, 441 GB hard disk space.INSTALLATIONI am happy this software came with a printed manual. So many companies force the user look everything up on a disc or online. It's much easier to read from a manual.Installation is not quick. Be prepared to spend about half an hour. I tried installing just the program disc, since the instructions read that the content discs do not have to be installed. However, unless you have your own templates and clip art, the only way to get them is to install the content discs.GENERAL OPERATIONStartup is slow. Loading templates is slow. Printing is one-sided only, even for cards -- which means only the front and back of cards are printed, nothing inside. There are workarounds to that, but it is clumsy.The templates aren't always easy to work with. I tried a business card template and couldn't just edit the text. I had to delete the text and clip art on the entire column, which negates the use of a template. Greeting card templates are easier to edit.As a matter of fact, the projects which print do print rather nicely.TEXT TO SHAPEThis is one function I appreciate. Type the text in and it will conform to the outline of the shape. I can type in a circle or a square/rectangle. I can have the text face in or out.HEADLINEI also like the headline function. There is a large selection of fonts. I can shape the text into a wave, an arch or just shear it up and down the page. I can bevel the text, change the color to gradient color, create drop shadows or outline the edges of the letters.There is a fill function, which I love. It allows the user to choose something, like a photo, and fill the headline with that image.CLIP ARTThere are a large variety of images to choose from. Some are photos, others are drawings, paintings, letters, borders, etc. There appears to be something for everyone.With regards to the white background, some of the clip art images are fine. Others are single images set on white backgrounds, which causes a white box effect when placing them on a colored area.Clip art can be resized and brought forward and back. The opacity can be adjusted and drop shadows added.CHECK FUNCTIONI don't think most of the check features are necessary. It's not hard to see what part of an image is falling off the page. I do like the spell check function. It's such a waste of paper to print off so many invitations only to find there was a misspelling.PROS:+ instruction manual included in book form+ text to shape function+ versatile headline function+ spell check feature+ page and project check features+ large clip art collection+ projects print nicelyCONS:- installation is slow- startup is slow- one-sided printing only- some clip art are on white (instead of transparent) backgrounds- templates can be difficult to work withSUMMARYThis is a basic package with room for improvement. The headline and text functions are nice, but the lack of double-sided printing makes it less than ideal for many people.
I have not used any other PrintMaster software products in the past, and I found this product to be adequate for creating simple projects such as headings for posters and greeting cards. It does not have a simple user interface (it's not very user-friendly), and it takes a long time to load the software product when you execute it. Mostly, my grandchildren have used this software to create greeting cards and invitations, but I still had to help them when using it, and they are extremely computer-literate and over the age of 10. If you are going to be needing a printing product for doing complex projects and scrapbooking, I would shop around and look for a product that was easier to use, had a better manual, and more functionality than this version of PrintMaster.
Set up was easy enough - easy enough for my 11 year old to install by himself 1-2-3.  However, the entire product is just lacking compared to other products on the market. Sure, you can make a quick brochure like he did for his pet sitting business, but in the long run, it was a whole lot of money for something easily made without this program. Normally, I am a PrintMaster fan, but this product fell short.
To get to the point, instead of rambling on about why I chose to try this product out and what other products I have used, I will say that I had no problems with its functionality only with its speed.I installed this on a 32-bit system (Windows 7), and that probably had an affect on whether or not there were bugs or not with the program itself. Moreover, I had no bugs and the typical abilities of this program (Firewall, Anti-Virus, Anti-Spyware etc.) worked without any problems. However, the breaking point for me, which is what takes off the 2 stars, is that this program was very very slow. The installation took 30 minutes to an hour with multiple restarts. You would think that one update would download all of the previous missed patches as well as the newest one, but with this program it seems to download each and every update missed one at a time.After the installation, I noticed my computer noticeably bogged down--and with other products I did not feel this effect (so it wasn't just my computer). Browsing the internet seemed about 50% slower and the actual scan itself (I use probably 30gb of space) took about 3 hours. I would say the scan worked pretty well, but it will make you wait for it.All things speed aside, I felt the program was easy to navigate through and easy to set up. I would not really say go out and buy it, but rather maybe getting a 1 or 2 year old computer first and then trying it out (if you are adamant about Trend Micro). My only warning is: be prepared to have a slow computer.
I have used Kaspersky anti-virus software for the last few years after using and being disatisfied with McAfee. I tried Trend Micro Antivirus on one of my computers and am happy with it so I installed Trend Micro Internet security on another one of my computers with good results. The setup was fairly easy and similar to the method Kaspersky uses. The software works as intended with protection from entering suspicious websites one of its main features (thus the name "internet security".  Like most commercial licensed antivirus software, this one does not have very good telephone help and requires annual license renewal or it will shut down.  There are some good free alternatives including one from Microsoft for windows 7.  Still, it does what it is intended to do.
Trend Micro made improvement over the 2009 version.  I had to stop using the 2009 version because it would take forever to load.  Reminded me of the old days for Norton AV.  Well Trend Micro has made positive steps in the right direction. You can definitely notice the better time but it is still to slow for my liking.  Back in 2005 and 2006 it was my favorite security suite.The security suite includes virus, spyware, malware protection, firewall, parental controls, Internet and email controlsTrend Micro has also followed down the path of security vendors. The whole make the software by sending your "anonymous" heuristics data back to the vendor. I always uncheck this option with any security vendor. While they may only use it for making the software better, I prefer to caution on the side of not too trust.The interface is simple to use, so you will not have confusion while you look at the various components in the security suite.  This is helpful for people who are not computer gurus.  (Red Bad, Green Good :) )  There are still advanced options for those who like to make their firewall changes and such.Fulls scans take a long time to complete, so make sure you scheduled these when you are not using your computer. You will definitely notice the performance hit the computer takes while running the full scan.The other factor I use to determine the quality of a security prodcut is using the independent test lab avcompartives. The full security suite was not tested but the Antivirus/antispyware was tested. The scan times are average and false postives were high.  It also missed many malware samples.With this data I cannot recommend Trend Micro.  While using the heuristics may improve the malware detection, I would suggest looking at Norton AV or even Microsoft's Security Essentials because I would truct my computer's security Trend Micro.  I would also look other free tools. Malwarbytes and Superantispyware.
This program is OK for what it does.  I have Trend Micro experience previously with an all encompassing internet security suite in past years.All in all, I'm not real sure this is much better than Microsoft Security Essentials which I can get for free and basically does the same thing.Not worth the money for just a virus/spyware product, I'd either upgrade to a full security suite or just stick with one of the many free, good programs available (AVG, Avira, Avast, MSE).
Trend Micro is one of the top security programs out there and it's a constant battle among Norton, McAfee and Trend Micro.  The 2010 version, similar to Norton, shows lots of improvement.  Faster and less intrusive.  Also, I like the fact you can download the trial and then activate with the code from the box.A few annoyances about the program are the fact that it forces you to activate the program--which some consider a privacy violation.  Additionally, the interface is confusing with constant upsells to purchase other options.  For those that want another option besides Norton, this is a good one.
This is a routine, run-of-the mill anti-virus that doesn't have much going for it in the performance department. On my Windows 7 PC with 8GB RAM, it was a bear, a 300lb drunk NFL linesman with a hangover.Because I already had another a/v product installed, I installed Trend Micro on a virtual machine--installation was basically routine with enough features listed to protect most machine;s however, testing its actual performance at catching mild spyware was a failure--I visited some rather interesting sites--so I can't saw what it'll do in the big leagues of botnets, etc. Luckily, I was able to eradicate those with another a/v.I will say that the interface is easy to navigate and use. So in general, an adequate experience, but not stellar by any means. Skip this and go for the ESET suite of products which are the best bang for your buck.
This is my fifth version of Trend Micro Antivirus. This time around Trend Micro did a little better then normal by improving it's over-all speed. Install time wasn't that bad, taking only about 15 minutes on my laptop with a 2.4 GHz processor. Now this program does do a pretty good job on protecting my computer from viruses and spyware, but it does it EXTREMELY slow. I would highly recommend spending a little bit on a more more expensive Antivirus like Kaspersky or Vipre, and get well over 3x the speed!  If speed is not an issue for you and you have more time than money this WILL do the job,  like i said earlier, I've never really had much trouble with it NOT stopping a virus, so...Overall, it's a good software for the price,I prefer it over Norton/Mcaffe but there IS much better software out there
Installation problemsIt took me a while to get this software to run. After install I could not open the Trend Micro main consol and I did not have an icon on the system tray either, in fact it was not running. I contacted support via email. I suspected that a previous trial version of Trend Micro might be the cause of the problem and I said so in the email. It took days before I got any response and the responses I got were nonsensical and did not answer my direct question about previous editions. So I finally called instead. The woman who helped me this time was efficient and agreed with me that it must be the previous edition. The issue was fixed in half an hour by cleaning out old+new Trend Micro. Then I installed again and --> BINGO, now it worked. I should add that the operating system is Windows Vista Home Premium. I am not sure that could have something to do with as well.Lesson learned- Don't bother with email support- Call them. But you need to call before 8PM PST.-------------------------Running Trend Micro Anti Virus + Anti SpywareOn the first scan it cleaned up four cookies. Since then it has protected the computer (my daughter's computer). What I like about Trend Micro 2010 is that it runs without bothering you with notifications and approval dialog boxes (unlike Norton). Anti Virus software should not take over the computer. The Quick Scan is fast and the console is intuitive and easy to use. I have not noticed that this version of Trend Micro slows down the computer a lot. My McAffee significantly slows down the system on two other computers that I own. However, a previous version of Trend Micro Pro (not his edition) also had a tendency to slow things down. Yet another previous version of Trend Micro once had a false positive by which I mean that it detected a virus that was not there. The false positive caused me some embarrassment because I accused someone of sending viruses when they weren't. This version has not done anything mischievous so far but I have not had it very long. So far it is running smoothly, it is unobtrusive, and is not a CPU hog. Considering the installation problems I had I feel that I can only give it three stars. I recommend it, but unenthusiastically.
Trend Micro is a company I have trusted for years to do my free online scanning and get virus information when I was without software yet I have never actually had a product of theirs until recently. I normally went with Mcafee or Norton. When I recieved the product I was pretty interested in trying it. I was fairly impressed with the virus protection yet the firewall, on the otherhand, caused a few problems for me when I would play internet based games through Steam. Normally I would use Sygate's Internet Firewall instead of the bundled firewall as I feel their software is much easier to control and offers features needed for a more advanced user. The problem I'd been having is that even will the Firewall disabled my connection in games online was constantly dropping. For no reason what so ever it just started out of the blue. At first things were fine but for no reason after about two weeks of use the software started giving me trouble. Even with the software completely turned off, whatever processes were running in memory still caused problems. The only way I could alleviate the issue was by removing the software. Upon the uninstall the problems ceased. Now I'm not going to say 100% that Trend Micro is what caused the connection troubles but it sure seems like it was more than coincidence that my problems stopped upon uninstall. Whether it was a scheduled recent update they had done that caused the issue or just a temporary bug in the software it was rather annoying. Still I am pleased as stated before with the virus portion of the software. It detects and finds mostly everything every other antivirus software out there will find and doesn't use much processing power to do so. It also is not difficult to navigate in the least. I would recommend getting just the anti-virus portion and leave the firewall stuff up to another company that has more experience in that area. My suggestion is buy the product from the people that specialize in it. Get your antivirus software from the people who specialize in antivirus software, get your firewall from the people who specialize in firewalls, and get your spyware software from the people who specialize in spyware. Simple as that.
I installed this product on all three of the desktops in my home. I can't say that it has fixed anything, but it isn't causing any conflicts or lag time in any of the machines, which is a huge plus. I can say that it did seem to take quite a bit of time to install-more time then I would prefer-but I guess that is probably a good sign that it is installing a lot of preventitive and protective programs.Despite taking a bit of time to get the three computers installed with this program, I have had no REAL trouble aside from the program becoming unresponsive yesterday for no apparent reason. It caused a shut down of my internet explorer that I THOUGHT was a good sign (I figured it was something to do with an unsafe site I may have been on?) but then I wound up having one of those nightmarish error messages telling me, "Trend Micro Internet Security has become unresponsive and will now close" or something along those lines. I am still not sure what that was about-but I didn't really feel that great about it afterwards since the little red icon was missing and I was, at that point, unprotected from threats.Overall, the ease of use is very simple and comprehendible for any beginner. Very, very easy to use. I like the Pro tool features-especially the system tuner, which cleared out over 400 Mb's of unwanted temporary files and unused programs.As someone who is constantly plagued by viruses, I can't really grade this THAT accurately as of now. I have only had it for a week, but so far, it has performed fairly well. It seems to be a bit more steady and reliable then my former McAfee internet security suite (which froze on me ALL the time!).I am also a little confused about the virus scanning on this. I have an additional program called Spysweeper which picked up a trojan on my computer a couple days ago, while this went unaware. That makes me a TINY bit nervous. I am not sure why this didn't grab the file first or stop it from entering before I even performed the spysweep program? Strange. Oh well! This is a decent program to help aid in computer performance and stability.I think, if you are looking for a program you can get multiple computer uses out of, get this one. If you are looking for something for a single computer, I might go for a Norton Program instead.
Nuance's PDF Converter Pro aims to be the one and only tool needed for viewing, creating and converting in and out of a PDF document. I work with PDF files a lot but mostly as a consumer of PDF documents and only as a light creator of such objects. My views and my evaluation will therefore biased toward ease of use, performance and convenience when performing light tasks rather than completeness of features and handling of complex documents.I would like to note that I installed PDF Converter Pro on a Vista Enterprise machine and I tested its integration and operation with several Microsoft Office 2007 components.INSTALLATIONThe installation is quick and there are few issues. I had to enter the serial number more than once, to provide an email address and to access a URL that came with the email to activate the registration but these are common annoyances in the world of software and no demerits will be granted on that account.Things get a little interesting if one pays attention at 'what' is installed. Besides Nuance's product, I noticed that Microsoft Visual C++ is installed as well. Following installation, I noticed a new 'program' in the 'All Programs' list, mysteriously named 'Software Update'. Removal was difficult because there was no mention of the software in the Control Panel's 'Programs and Features'. Further investigation revealed that this was a product named FLEXnet Connect by ACRESSO and that it was, in fact installed by Nuance together with Converter without telling me that it was doing so and why. The ACRESSO site stated that "FLEXnet Connect is a solution that ACRESSO sells to software vendors that is designed to help you stay connected with your customers after they install your applications.  Keeping software updated is one of the many benefits of FLEXnet Connect, but Acresso also recommends that software vendors build in an option to disable automatic update checking." One wonders what the other benefits of installing this little spy-like module might be.To my surprise, the 'software vendor', Nuance in this case, decided to remove the 'disable automatic...' option and, whether I wanted it or not, my computer was going to call Nuance every day at 10 a.m., just to say 'hi', I suppose. To their credit, ACRESSO has an 'uninstall' utility at their own site and, hopefully, the the process was successful but I do NOT appreciate Nuance's insistence of staying in touch with my computer, whether I wanted it or not and without asking for my permission. The Reference Guide does not mention ACRESSO, FLEXnet Connect or the fact that some third party software was installed.DOCUMENTATIONThere are no physical manuals in the box, only the CD. There is a 42-page, illustrated Reference Guide that can be accessed from the Help menu and it seems to cover the product's installation, operation and uninstallation. A Help file that's indexed and searchable and also fairly complete can be accessed from the Help menu or by pressing F1. Links to the product's own web site and to the Nuance's online store are also available from the Help menu.OPERATIONUpon installation, Nuance offers to become the default PDF file reader. An integrated solution was tempting and I accepted the offer. Shortly after that, I reverted back to the Adobe Reader as the default because I decided that I preferred the Reader's 'clean' interface when reading a document to Converter's busy abundance of multi-colored icons and menu bars (yes, we can do it all) which tended to distract my reading.In the end, it turned out that I had very little use for the product's standard interface but I will discuss that later. As a light PDF user I was more interested in creating documents off a Word or Excel file than converting a PDF into something else but, for the sake of reviewing this product, I gave the 'conversion from PDF to...' a try. As expected, Nuance can't convert documents that don't allow copying, printing or modifications. In my case, close to 100% of the documents that I receive happen to be protected. After locating a couple of 'open' PDFs I found that converting them to Microsoft Word was relatively quick - hundreds of pages in a few minutes - and generally accurate. I blame the few format malfunctions such as text in speech bubbles breaching the bubble's boundaries to the original PDF not carrying the rare font. Other than that, the headers and footers were properly placed and the converted document looked very much like the PDF original.My interest, however, was the ability to create protected PDF documents myself and do it so quickly and easily. This is where, as far as I am concerned, Nuance's product excels. (see next)OFFICE 2007 INTEGRATIONThe Converter offers to install itself as an add-on to the specific Office modules as they are start. The options are to allow it to happen permanently, only for the duration of the session or to refuse the offer - in which case the user is prompted again the next time the app starts.Once installed, a new tab labeled 'Nuance PDF' is added to the menu bar. The 3 buttons that reveal themselves under the tab are for creating a PDF, creating a PDF and E-mailing it and a third button that controls just about every aspect of the PDFs that are to be created from document security to the color in which links are to be displayed. Once the settings are tuned to one's satisfaction, creating a PDF is as easy as pushing one of the other two buttons that would either create a document or create it and offer to email it as an attachment through the default E-mail client.ADDITIONAL FEATURESConverter has many features I will probably never use myself but it's good to know they are there. Besides Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), WordPerfect and XPS files are also supported. It allows for PDF documents to be assembled from a collection of files, has the ability to handle forms, allows for scanning directly to a PDF and can convert a specific area from a document.RATINGI found the integration with Microsoft Office to be the strongest feature because it allows for easy, quick and, apparently reliable conversion to PDF. This happens to be the feature I'm interested in and it's probably a small subset of Converter's capabilities. Operating the Converter through its own interface is not something I'd be likely to do very often, probably because what passes for documentation and manuals is not very well organized and the interface is not the most intuitive or the most elegant. I am NOT pleased with Nuance's attempt to take over a piece of my computing environment by installing an app that would communicate with Nuance's mothership on a daily basis and do so without my permission. It would be good if software publishers would learn to let go of their products once they sell it and receive money in return.This package loses 3 stars for the attempt at intrusiveness, for the lack of a good manual and for the poorly designed interface. One star is recovered for the excellent Microsoft Office integration so, the final count will be 3 stars but reluctantly so.
PDF Converter Pro 6 has been hit-or-miss for me. It was hard to install and it sometimes produced PDFs that were just pictures of pages, rather than real PDF conversions. Still, it does some stuff OK. Overall, I'm going to try another PDF converter next time.
Well, I work a lot with PDF--saving Word documents, editing saved PDFs, etc. Its often a hassle, even with Adobe Acrobat. I also have to frequently submit Word docs to a printer as PDFs--and this is often a hassle to be sure it all conforms to what is required (CMYK, embedded fonts, true black, etc).So I was eager to try this.Unfortunately, there were some warning signs on installing--signs that Nuance was reconfiguring Word and possibly other software (including ADOBE CS3, which I use all the time).Now, since it changes Word docs to pdfs this probably makes sense to Nuance but wouldn't always be desirable to a user. When I made a PDF in Word, the PDF it created did not match the printing standards that I require (as previewed in Acrobat)--and there is no way to tell how to make the needed changes (at least none that I could find).If "Nuance" included a manual--or had an FAQ website--this wouldn't be such a problem.Bottom line: If you have Word, and no PDF-generating software, and want to make and edit your own PDFs, this is probably okay (and, of course, is much less expensive than Adobe). For anyone else, I think the "bugs" would discourage me from trying it--at least until Nuance provides better documentation and help.
First of all the box contained a CD in an envelope with a serial number on the back and absolutely nothing else. The first hint that this software is probably not going to be the greatest for a novice user.It seems to work, but the F1 help documentation is really very poor, so I was never able to figure out how to do a number of things I wanted to try that I *think* it should be able to do. There's a Reference Guide under help as well which is an actual PDF manual which is probably your best chance of learning to use the program.An angry fruit-salad of incomprehensible non-standard icons combined with fairly deep menus and limited documentation (at least that I could find) resulted in a fair amount of frustration and annoyance while trying to learn the program.In the end I was able to create some new PDF files and perform very limited edits of existing PDF files in the rare cases that it would let me without complaining about not having the font available, or document security, etc.If $300 is too much to pay for a PDF tool (or you hate Adobe or something) but $100 is not, and you're willing to work through the programs quirks and somewhat non-standard UI, then it might work fine for you.I don't own an Acrobat license at the moment, but trying to use this program for a while made me think I'll have a lot less problem justifying the cost of Actobat Pro if I ever need it.
This is a basic converter which works well if you need to convert someone else's documents so you can work on them or move between PDF and other formats in your own docs.  If this is all you need to do and you know what you're doing, this product is fine.  If you need to scan documents to PDF or work with handwritten docs, etc., Adobe is far better as is SoftiScan IMO.  But this one does get the basic stuff done and would be a good bargain option for those looking to save some money.
This is not the perfect program I hoped it would be.  It installed easily, but without even a "quickstart" guide I needed to fumble around to figure out how to convert a PDF.  Once I did, the results were workable, but not as good as I had hoped. The formatting changed way more than I expected.  I could handle things like check boxes turning into ", but what surprised me was that some of the colored bars that defined sections of the original document were missing. Not all, but some. I had hoped to convert a form, fill it in, and print it and get a paper that looks very close to the original.  That was not the case. The amount of formatting I would have to do to achieve the result would be much more work than printing the PDF and completing it by hand.This may be wonderful for converting plain text PDFs, but the forms I tried were not usable.
This PDF product more or less works, but that is about the best I can say about it.I have the full professional version of Adobe Acrobat 9, and it has worked perfectly in concert with MS Word as well as a stand-alone product.  It does all of the things that this product by Nuance does, but the exception is, Adobe's products have always worked for me.  Luckily, I got most of my Adobe products through my college with a student discount, so I have yet to have to pay retail for them -- but they ARE worth the money.PDF Converter Pro 6.0 is NOT worth the money.  First of all, it crashed upon attempting to install it.  Normally, I choose the "custom" option when I install something.  But this time I was in a hurry, so I left everything in the default modes.  After it crashed I tried the custom option, and chose to not let it "integrate" itself into my existing setup.  That seems to have done the trick and it installed.Frankly, the menus are confusing, the buttons are jumbled, and the PDF import and edit function doesn't generally work.  When it does work, it only works on totally unsecured PDFs, and it tends to not like PDFs created with the most current version of Adobe Acrobat.  It does tend to convert Word documents into PDFs without much trouble though.If you are concerned about price, Open Office's suite of office software is equal in dependency to the Microsoft Office suite, and free.  And all of the Open Office software has the capability to export to PDF, and it does it for free.  You can even password protect it, and limit what others can do with it, just like Adobe's full version.  What is CAN'T do, is what Adobe and Nuance's software can do, which is OPEN and edit PDF documents.  But, if you are solely concerned with authoring PDFs, and price is your main concern, go with Open Office.  It can even open Microsoft Office files (not 100% accurately, but good enough for most cases).  If price isn't your main concern, then you might as well go with the full version of Adobe's Acrobat.  Don't settle for the middle ground, you get what you pay for.  And in this case, if you pay for Nuance's product, what you get is buggy software.
Sadly, despite multiple efforts to work on a review of this product, I was stymied by incompatibilities between this (older) version of the product and the operating systems I was working with and/or because of system security constraints that prevent me from installing software on systems I might otherwise test on (I am a system administrator but am sworn to not abuse my privileges or use elevated privileges unless absolutely necessary).  I didn't want to write a review that wouldn't be fair to the product and wouldn't look at it both from the end user's perspective and from the system administrator's perspective so the product basically sat on my shelf in its box.I've rated the software as "It's ok" though I'd prefer to make use of a "no rating specified" if one was possible.Given that a newer version of the product exists, rather than wasting more space and time here, please check the reviews for it and use those reviews as a basis to decide whether this product has value for your needs.
This is a pretty typical McAfee product - it offers minimal protection at a reasonable price. There is a hefty tag though at the cost of your computer spee - this program slows my computer down to a crawl.
McAfee's Family Protection software is the exact same product marketed as SafeEyes by Internet Safety Corp.Pros:1. You can specify the time of day and the total number of hours that your teenager can go online per day. Connection to the Internet will be cut off outside of the set times. The time of day settings screen displays a  tile grid of 24 hours by 7 days in a week. You can toggle the color of the tiles to green or red. Green means okay to go online and red means not.2. Management of all settings can be done through a browser, so you can be at work or abroad and still be able to monitor and change settings.Cons:1. Although McAfee says this program is compatible with Windows 7, even non-English versions, I am currently not able to install it on Windows 7 Ultimate (Language version: Chinese Traditional).2. This product seems to use a lot of computer resources and will make your computer more sluggish and less responsive. This is why you should use remote management; you do not have to install the software on your computer. Just install software on your teenager's computer.3. Other than installation problem with non-English versions of Windows 7, some features of the program also will not work. For example, limiting the running of certain programs only works in the U.S. English versions of Windows.Considering the low price of this program and it is licensed for three users, I would recommend it if you are using the U.S. English versions of Windows for full functionality.
Using Windows XP and Vista the installation process was simple and fast. I tried it out on 2 computers (my sons and my daughters). I did not run into any difficulties in this area.What I will say about the rest of the products features is that depending on the age of your children will have an impact on how useful the different features will be.Yes, you can "Set time limits to manage the amount of time your children spend on the Internet". But I think this may only be of use if you have a child/teen who has access to a computer when your not there (like if your asleep or not home). Other then that, you will find that your kids will not like having the Internet shut off on them because a certain time has come and they have not yet had a chance to save what they may have been doing (ie: online games, social network site visiting or applications, emailing, etc.) Most would much rather have a chance to finish what they are doing and turn it off because someone told them it was time. However this feature would be helpful if you didn't want you kids to access the Internet during the night while your sleeping or if your not home.You can "Review usage reports" and get "Instant Message reporting" on your child's activity online. It will actually let you see your kids instant messaging conversations. This may be a more useful feature if your children are teens then if they are younger kids. This is a mixed feelings area for me. Yes I would like to be able to know if my kids were looking up inappropriate things on the computer or talking to someone about stuff they shouldn't be via IM, but at the same time, it brings back memories of when I was a teen and my mother going through my room to find notes from my friends from school and reading my diary, then confronting me about things she read. It was my journal of thoughts and activities of my adolescence and the notes were letters from my friends to me talking about everything in life, but she started "monitoring" them for months to keep an eye on me. There is a fine line between keeping kids safe and giving them the right to their own privacy and life.Being able to block specific websites is helpful if you know of specific ones you do not want your kids to visit. This works well if, in example, you have for some reason decided you don't want them visiting social network sites. Now, the objectionable websites filter won't block these, but you can use this other feature to block these sites specifically.The tool I like the best is the Objectionable YouTube filter. My young son likes to watch Lego YouTube videos, but as anyone familiar with YouTube knows, there are bad videos just a click away and can easily be mistaken for a good video. Having at least some filter now being used while he watches them as has been a relief.So to wrap this up, I would say this:By the time your kids/teens are of an age that you are wanting to monitor their IM chats and web pages they are visiting, they may also know how to get around the features of this program by downloading and using an unsupported web browser. *Remember, just because your kids computer might not have an icon to a program on the desktop, doesn't mean it's not installed and in the programs of the computer. They may delete the desktop shortcut so you don't notice it on their computer.*And with little kids, only a few features like the YouTube filter may be of use to you, as they may only know how to go to websites you have picked out for them and don't know how to chat online yet. When it comes to using the Internet time limits feature, you will probably find your kids coming to track you down because it cut them off in the middle of something and they want you to come and log them back in for a second so they can finish what it was they were doing. But a good feature if you want to keep them off the computer at night or when they are unsupervised. So I would say that not every feature is for everyone, but you may find one or two that are going to work for your exact needs.
Though billed as "family protection" this works well to filter what the kids are allowed to access but skimps on features!I use it to block certain youtube videos using keywords and to block access to adult web-sites. It can be used as a 'timer' to limit your kids online-time though so far I have managed to get my kids to "voluntarily" limit their internet on-line time.Though this is a decent basic product, Norton 360 is vastly superior in that it covers anti-virus, spyware etc for just a few bucks more.This Mcafee Family Protection works well as long as you have a stand alone anti-virus and firewall and anti-spam/spyware software. Personally, I think Norton 360 is a much better buy!
UPDATE 12/18/2009: I originally rated this product 4 stars but I am dropping it to 3, as I made a nasty discovery with it. When it is unable to connect to the net, it prevents everything else from connecting too. The way my specific ISP works, I need to log in through a web portal. This product prevented me from even reaching the web portal so I could log on, which would have allowed the product to connect as it so desired. As a result, it rendered my connectivity useless.I have uninstalled it and am looking for a different solution now.Below is my original review.---ORIGINAL REVIEW:I have two kids that have been showing an increased interest in getting on the Internet. For now they just want to check the weather and play a little, and they aren't too interested in venturing beyond the favorites list I have set up for them. It is a matter of time before they get more adventurous, though, so I have been looking for a good solution to the parental controls issue. Most security suites include some form of parental controls, though most are not very effective. McAfee Family Protection (MFP) is a good step in the right direction but is a strange animal that requires some patience to use.The first surprise that that there is no CD in the box, but rather there is a card that has a download key. In order to use the key, you have to set up an account with McAfee. Some regard this as a pain and an invasion of privacy in order to use their product, but it seems like this is the next step in the software industry for cutting costs and assuring that users actually pay for the software they use. A hassle, yes; a problem, not for me. Many vendors require registration online to activate software installations, so this is just doing things in a different order.The download is about 8 MB in size.On the first run, you have to create the administrator account for the package which will allow access to the various settings. This makes good sense from a security standpoint. Other accounts can be subsequently created and the admin can set up the "permissions" as necessary, so that kids have one set of rules, adults another, and the admin still others. I elected to set up everyone the same way, as I don't want to see the stuff I have blocked for my children.I made a discovery, though, when setting up a second computer. The account settings are shared. An administrator change on one system changes it for all systems, so it is important to keep in mind that when working on one system the changes you make affect more than the local machine. Therefore, it is probably wise to make use of multiple accounts.I made another, less pleasant discovery. When McAfee's server decides to quit responding, access to the Internet grinds to a halt. It appears that all accesses get run through McAfee's online database and there is no way around this. So, if the software cannot connect to the server, it refuses the request and access is denied.As a parental controls module, this package seems to be quite effective, though not perfect. I set up several categories for blocking and I then set out to test the effectiveness of the settings. I found that the settings did not take effect in FireFox until I emptied the cache, after which it began to properly block the pages I expected it to block. I did find one category, though, that is next to impossible to unblock - "loophole". I have a site that I visit frequently that is categorized as "loophole" (a popular music site) and no matter how I tried to configure MFP I could not get access. I finally had to add an exception to the rules for that specific site, after which I could get the access I wanted. I suppose this is a good feature - except that the site is categorized improperly.MFP works with Internet Explorer, FireFox and Opera. Many people have observed that it does not work with Google Chrome. I have not used Chrome and I have no intention of trying it, and when it becomes an issue I will configure MFP to block the application outright.That brings up a good point - MFP does block applications as desired, so it is possible to use it as an outbound firewall though this is very tedious and there are better ways to do this. The intent is to block applications that allow communication with the outside, and this includes IM software and other communication programs.I like the reports that can be generated with MFP. It is possible to get a running log of what sites have been visited, and the reports highlight attempts to visit places on the block lists. Because of the centralization on McAfee's server, I can check where the kids have gone from my laptop without ever interrupting their activity on the other computer. So far, all of the failed access attempts in the list are the result of my own testing of the program. As they get older and more adventurous, there is bound to be a point in time where they will hit a site on the block lists, intentional or otherwise, and I will be able to see it. It's possible to have the reports e-mailed as well, and that is a nice option when activity is generally low or it's not possible to closely monitor for whatever reason.The uninstall is an interesting process. Either the administrator must be logged in to perform the uninstall or the administrator must request an uninstall code for offline uninstallation. This is to keep the package from being casually uninstalled.McAfee Family Protection is a decent parental controls application that does what it is supposed to do. It does have some strange quirks with it, and it is a little awkward to use at times. That said, it works as it is supposed to do when patience is exercised.
When it does come down to having kids, many parents do want to find the best ways to protect their kids from cyber attacks, and meeting up with stalkers and foreigners they really don't know online. For that, they would need a internet security software. But in this sense, it doesn't completely do as it is honestly told. McAfee's Family Protection Software might be great at safeguarding your little ones from phishsing and social networks, but it does have one big flaw though. It dramatic slows down the speed of your computer, compared to their simplier Anti-Virus Plus 2010 that onlyworks flawlessly. What I honestly suggest is that instead, I really recommend that you honestly buy that instead, and for parents, they be much more secure with their kids and the way they surf the net, manually and with their own intuition. While this might be a strong comcept for tougher security, it has a bit of kinks to thrust out.Price: CCompatability: C+Security: COverall: C
I used McAfee Family Protection with my laptop and simply found it clumsy to use. If I activate parental control filters to protect my child, which works great, I then found myself blocked out of the few web sites I want to use like Facebook, even after requesting to include it. So I end up switching it off when I use it. However, I don't always remember to turn it back on when my kid uses it. Not so effective when it's off.Trying to make adjustments in McAfee I just find clumsy to do. Then it's frustrating when it doesn't want to recognize what I want to do. While the protection part works great, trying to open up the exceptions is where I get frustrated.It's a good program for those persistent to work out the bumps in the road. I like that McAfee allows up the three PCs/users to be used per program. That's good for multiple PC/laptops households.Funny, you get a box that has a plastic card telling you where to go to DOWNLOAD the program. There is no CDs involved. It gives you a key and download instructions, that's all.  The rest is done online.McAfee is a decent program with a good heart, but in the end, I ended up using another service that provides home network wide coverage rather than per PC.
I had been wanting an internet screening program for my kids for a long time and decided to try Mcafee as I have used their Anti Virus packages before.  I was very disappointed in what I received.  The software was not on a disc and there was not a user guide in the box.  Instead you got a product key and a website to activate and download the product.This was a long laborous process and I ended up installing it twice.  The user guide is online and I found the instructions no to be user friendly.  I set up an admin account for myself and when this was done found that half the internet was unavailable to me.  I logged back in and removed all restrictions on myself.Setting up accounts for the kids was pretty easy and I like the texting feature where the software will inform you of visits to unauthorized sites.  You can tweek the software as the kids get older and more mature which is a good thing.Over all once you get over installation and setup issues it is a fairly good product.
McAfee is becoming the standard for virus protection, especiallly since most government agencies now use it for their personal PC's.  It's nice that they make an inexpensive "family" version so you don't have to buy a separate software package for each computer in your house.  With home networks becoming common, this is a must.Like most anti-virus software, it uses a huge amount of memory, and can bog down your web surfing, as well as your PC startup time.  As with all software like this, your best defense is to keep it updated.  These programs are made to scan for "known" viruses and their look-alikes.  The updates add to that list of known problems each time they are installed.Parentla controls (in order to be good) require you to go through a lot of choices during set-up, and there still is no known "nirvana" for that.McAfee has become a very trusted, widely known name, and that's not easy to come by.Now when are they coming out with the anti-virus software for my iphone?
I have not experienced any problem with this protective software.  Though I gather there are certain browsers that are not effected by it, rendering it possibly less than ideal.  For what it is, it seems to work just fine on my system.  Don't be surprised by what feels like an empty box, there is actually no software inside.  There is a card with a number on it and that gets used on the website where you install the program.The idea here is to monitor what your kids are doing on IMs and social networking sites, so the parent knows if inappropriate language/subject matter is being discussed.  You can also block sites that you don't want your kids to be visiting. It allows parents to track what the kids are doing on-line in order to know if they are up to trouble.It's easy to use and it doesn't cost much. I can't speak on the reports I've heard of where the software can be easily circumvented.  Apparently anything can be dealt with if the user knows what they are doing - and your kids probably know a lot more about the computer than you do.  I say give it a shot though, although there are probably more comprehensive programs available.
I wanted to install this on my son's computer, but I also have Spybot installed on his and there is a conflict between the two.  I decided to keep Sypbot on, and I never got around to installing this.
I had high hopes for their software but I've come to realize that they are just sucking resources so hard that you can forget about ever using their products on a slower computer that can't handle it's resources being sucked up.Their software is supposed to run in the background but it's more of a front runner that just eats things up. I have an older laptop with only 4GB of RAM and it likes to eat up a good amounts of memory, as much as a gig or more at times. You could be running along and all of a sudden it wants more memory and it just takes it.Does it work pretty good against threats, well, it could be better. I purposely put it on my OLD laptop and decided to go virus hunting and sure enough it caught a few infection and it took me using my usual method of programs like malwarebytes and so on to eradicate the problems and delete the files, another favorite of mine is unlocker, it's a hard program to find but it works great in unlocking those files that are doing damage and need to be deleted off the drive but windows doesn't want you to do anything with them because they are "in use".A failure of a program and also it's hard drive checking takes a very long time compared to most other apps that I use.
I am a long time user of Norton but only the internet security suite, I thought I would try McAfee internet security since my norton was expiring and the fact that norton's pricing isn't too good for the subscriptions. The McAfee doesn't seem to slow the system any more than my norton did, it is easy to navigate but I had a false positive alert, the email scanning slows my email too much and when disable the nag is irritating. I definitely don't like the fact that the support is so short lived, 30 days just isn't enough. This is cheaper than Norton but I don't feel it is as good as a security suite.
I installed this on a Windows 7 OS, directly right after I installed AntiVirus Plus 2010.In addition, I originally had the entire McAfee suite previously installed. By installing the AntiVirus Plus 2010 product, it uninstalled my other McAfee product.After installing this product, it immediately stopped all the pop ups that were going on because of the uninstallation of my other McAfee suite. It does install an extra toolbar on the IE browser, but going through the options, it really doesn't appear to add much. There are other free tools that will block or search for harmful sites or files that you can use..In the end, I am most likely going to uninstall this product and reinstall my full McAfee Security Suite. This product combined w/ the AntiVius Plus 2010 doesn't appear to offer as much as the full McAfee suite did.
McAfee Internet Security 2010 provides reasonable protection at a decent price but the installation process can be on the long side. The product does provide all in one antivirus, antispyware, firewall, and antiphishing in a simple package but the interface is not complete enough for professional use nor is it idiot proof for novice users.  There really are not enough unique features to make this different from the competition.*** Positive Points Include: ***- Good all in one protection- Antiphishing, antispyware, and firewall all built in- Relatively simple interface- Good price point (after discounts) considering it can be used on 3 computers*** Negative Points Include: ***- Installation takes too much time and requires a restart- The program uses quite a bit of system resources so it probably is not a good fit for low ram or low CPU netbooks- Like most other antivirus products you are covered for one year after which you have to pay again to renew the antivirus updates.  This is the old fashioned low priced razor with expensive blades business model which is dissapointing considering there are free programs available that perform equally well.- The taskbar icon does not let you know the status of individual components such as the firewall.*** Overall:  This is a decent product for most users who want an antivirus that they can just set and forget.  Unfortunately it is not geared for power users and the interface can be a bit oversimplified.
This product sells for a couple of dollars more than McAfee's AntiVirus Plus 2010 package.In addition to the features described below, it adds protection against phishing sites that attempt to mimic bank and other sites and get your personal information and parental control software that lets you limit internet activities as a way to protect your children.Are these features worth the extra couple of dollars? Yes. Phishing sites can be difficult to recognize. While the software isn't perfect, the anti-phishing features are unintrusive and provide a bit more security. The parental controls are of marginal usefulness: all a teen has to do is go to a friend's house, the public library or use any of a number of simple measures to disable the control features. For parents of younger kids, the feature probably helps.Otherwise, this is basic anti-virus software.For a package that covers three computers for a year, it is well priced. Like Norton and offers, McAfee makes it money from subscriptions, so watch out after your first year. It is often less expensive to buy a new package off the shelf, rather than renew.Installation is smooth, though it is highly recommended that you first turn off your firewall and remove the existing anti-virus install.Operation is much as what you expect. When McAfee is running, if you don't allocate resources, it will use all of your CPU's power and slow things down. Schedule your anti-virus scans for the middle of the night and leave your computer on. That way you won't be bothered.Remember, that most home networks are protected from viruses by your ISP. Most viruses and other malware are spread because of consumer ignorance (i.ee., opening attachments from strangers or friends running without anti-virus protection) or from malicious websites, downloads and so on. The anti-virus protection on your home computer should be viewed as a last line of defense.This McAfee package provides the basic protection you need and offers a bit of extra protection with its anti-phishing scheme and kid control. As such it is well priced, but be sure when the renewal comes up that you check out the cost of buying a new package: it may be cheaper.Jerry
McAfee Internet Security is McAfee's middle level of antivirus computer protection.  As a very basic antivirus software McAfee Internet Security does protect a computer that is used only for internet tasks, such as email checking, website surfing, internet shopping, and allows for a basic system scan.  However fundamental internet protections is where this software stops.  While other companies include more comprehensive system scans, quick system scans, and network protection, McAfee has chosen to keep these features only in their most expensive antivirus software, which is only $5.00 more expensive.So why would someone save $5.00 and lose valuable computer protection?  This is a question best answered by McAfee.  In my opinion, only an uninformed shopper would purchase McAfee Internet Security and not McAfee Total Protection.So how does Internet Security compare to other companies antivirus software?  On the features checklist, McAfee Internet Security lands about in the middle, grouped with most of the free antivirus software, but below many of the pay-for-protection software available.  The pro that puts McAfee's software above most other companies is the assurity that you will always have up-to-date virus logs.  However the major con - aside from lacking more advanced features - is the large amount of system resources that McAfee uses, slowing down a computer system.The 3 user feature of this software does allow 3 computers to run this software.  This is a great plus for the price, however shopping around we find some more comprehensive antivirus programs allowing for unlimited computer installation for the same price or less.If you feel that McAfee is the brand for you, then spend $5.00 more and purchase McAfee Total Protection.  With total Total Protection, you'll get a more complete set of features for minimal extra cost.Other options are to check out AVG Antivirus - the internet's most downloaded free antivirus software. Or Vipre Antivirus, a comprehensive antivirus program that uses minimal system resources.  Both of these companies have great reputations for their antivirus products.McAfee's Internet Security is a reliable antivirus software program that will perform well in nearly every internet application.  However, with McAfee's highest level antivirus software costing only $5.00 more, it is a smart move to pass over Internet Security and jump up to McAfee Total Protection.
For the price, it's not a bad deal. The virus checker is fine, it does slow down the system while scanning in the background, but most others do as well. I for one always turn off the auto/scheduled scans pretty much the very first thing when installing an anti virus program. They all bog your system down to some extent, and you pretty much don't need it to scan everything all the time when you have it set for real time scanning. If you scan everytime you open a file, move, copy, etc, why do you need to scan your whole hard disk later?? I still do, but do it when I tell it to, like when I'm going to bed and you can bog it down all you want then.As for the other features, they all seem to be added as an after thought. Everyone is trying to protect you from visiting bad sites, phishing attempts and the like, with varying degrees of success. This package is better than not having anything installed, but not the best. It will warn you about most malware attempts to get to you, but most browsers do the same thing by default, for free....The firewall at least watches both ways, not like the old days where they were just concerned with watching what came to your computer. Now they actually watch for what's leaving your computer as well, which is a good thing because many trojans and backdoors infiltrate your system, then 'phone home' or to others to infect.All in all, like the title says, it's better than having nothing on your system, but for me, I'll go back to ESET... smaller footprint, uses less resources, better security....
McAfee makes a basic product, it detects some basic viruses. However, more malicious ones can creep in even if your definitions are updated. This does not offer adequate internet security and I found Kaspersky Internet Security coupled with Windows own virus protection can do the job better than McAfee. In addition, I scan my system with software available on the web periodically to keep it safe.
This internet security suite (ISS) was installed on one of my backup laptop (Dell Inspiron running Windows 7) in Sept. 2010 when the OEM McAfee license expired.  Everything functioned smoothly but make sure a full scan is performed prior to (with existing ISS)/or during the install because McAfee may experience difficulty installing due to the presence of malwares.  A full initial scan during installation will also speed up later scans as I've found out from other online security forums.  McAfee only provides free live support for the first 30 days.  When it came to renew the McAfee license in 2011, I decided to try the AVG Internet Security 2011 which doesn't slow down the system as much, and is better at detecting malwares than the McAfee Total Protection.  That's not surprising considering the constant advancements in security softwares to counter the relentless online threats and the gamut of competitive products available.
I've used several different anti-virus softwares, and all of them slow down the computer.  It is the price you pay to keep your computer safe from online threats - but Norton and McAfee seem to be some of the worst.  Now that you have to worry about spam and malware, worms, and lord knows what else, more and more is slowing it down.If the settings are correct - you have your email, online, and updates all set to yes and automatic, and the scans are regular, the software works.  But it will slow you down.  This is for an up-to-date computer.  What is nice is that it sets up the disk cleaner and defrag automatically - something computer illiterates don't even know to do to help clean up memory.Personally - I went back to a different product that isn't as much of a memory hog, and doesn't slow down my laptop as much.  But I think something to take into consideration when installing the program is that your computer will lock up and fight back against anti-virus software when it is infected, something I'm not sure some of the other reviewers remembered.
I tried a McAfee AV product years ago, but found it interfered with too many other programs and ended up uninstalling it.  I typically use a basic Norton AV, but I thought it was time to try McAfee again.  Total Protection 2010 has more features than I need, but the basic AV is supposed to be very good.Installation (on Windows Vista) was full of, "Oh, wait and uninstall this other program first," and, "Oh, you wanted the *updates*, too?  Wait a minute, or 30, or 60...."  After installation, I had trouble with a few previously installed programs, but what made me finally lose patience with McAfee was when I tried to upgrade from Vista to Windows 7.  I never did complete the upgrade, and I finally uninstalled McAfee.Maybe someone with more knowledge of computers could have easily bypassed the problems I had, and maybe the final problem was more due to Windows 7 than to McAfee: I don't know.  But I wouldn't recommend this for basic users like me.
McAfee Total Protection 2010 (3 Users)is a good program for general security needs, especially for novice users.  I would certainly choose this program over any of the 3 Norton alternatives marketed to home users.  McAfee deserves high marks for some improvements to the background processes that make the various programs in the Total Protection suite work faster and more effectively.  There is still some overhead in the Total Protection suite that means that it may not be the best choice for everybody.  But among the commercial products, this is still the lesser of the evils.But many of the improvements over the 2009 version are cosmetic and should not be exaggerated.  I'm surprised to hear so many people commenting on the *new* interface in TP 2010.  The overhaul of the 2009 version was significant compared to prior ones.  This version is more of an evolutionary update compared to the prior version.Some of the advantages this product has versus alternatives is that it has a more efficient in-line scanning engine.  That means active threats will usually be detected faster, and scans will complete faster.  Of course, nothing is perfect, and McAfee has had its share of bugs and missed updates.  The high profile issue they had with some Windows XP client machines in 2010 has driven the cost of this product down.  That's good news for consumers because it's still a decent option for most home users runningWindows VistaorWindows 7.OPERATION AND EASE OF USEThe product is designed with the goal of ease of use in mind.  The installation guides you through the required reboots and took about 30 minutes on average (I installed it on three machines).  This is better than most security software, though your previous product has to have been cleanly uninstalled first.Within the McAfee Security Center, there is a basic icon based menu for key product areas.  There's also a "Common Tasks" bar on the left with more intuitive tasks listed.  This saves you the time of going into each area of the product to find those key activities.  It's logical to choose "Backup and Restore" to run a backup, or to select "Manage Network" to use some of the home network security features.VIRUS SCANNINGThe internet protection, or virus scanning, core engine has of course been updated with a lot more signatures over the past year.  I find the speed to be comparable to 2009 in terms of scanning.  Those who are reporting significant speed improvements must have had other software issues with their machines.  I have tested the scanning software on 3 different workstations running a variety of OS software (XP SP2, Windows Vista Ultimate & my Windows 7 testing machine) and when measuring with testing software the performance impact of both passive and active scans were very comparable to each other.AUTO DISABLEMENTOne thing I also got to test (unwittingly) is the product's expiration policy.  Recently I had a version ofNortonexpire on one of my machines.  I was shocked to find out that not only does it pepper you with the nasty *renew* messages we expect, it actually disabled itself leaving the client workstation completely unprotected!  I think this is unethical for any security product vendor.  Everybody expects virus signature updates to stop after the subscription ends.  But it is quite another thing when a vendor secretly disables their product.  Considering the cost of the product and all the free alternatives, this is simply unacceptable.I was anxious to learn if this new trend was something McAfee was going to mimic.  I knew I didn't want to wait a year for my license to expire in order to find the answer to my question.  So I actually installed a 4th copy of the software using the free trial available on the company website.  The free trial gives you 30 days to try out the product before it will typically ask you to pay up.  I would have still done other tests on the retail version if the trial had shut itself off, because trials usually have stricter licenses than full retail software.However, there was no need to.  When the trial period was over, McAfee alerted me with pop-ups to renew the license, but the actual product itself kept working.UNINSTALLINGHowever, product clean up was still an issue.  This is not unusual for AV programs.  It's typical when you install one product it will ask you or help you to remove the last AV that was installed.  McAfee left behind some components after being uninstalled that interfered with some software I had to install on one of my clients.  I also had the problem occur to a family member's computer with their McAfee installation.  Luckily there is an easy way to remove the SW provided by the vendor.  See the vendor's site for the removal tool.OTHER TP FEATURESThe other elements of the TP have more subtle improvements.  The firewall portion has much improved application firewall features.  The ability to customize firewall rules is now on par with most other software packages.The backup component is, quite frankly, inadequate for a power user.  This is on the level of NT Backup of 10 years ago in terms of the options and customizability.  Most home users should be satisfied, but then again many free backup packages can do much more than what is included here.  Even some of the maligned software that comes with external hard-drives does just as much as this program.  So I wouldn't recommend buying Total Protection instead of theMcAfee AntiVirus Plus 2010 3Userpackage alone in order to get the Backup software.The email protection seems to be slightly improved.  The parental controls are a nice feature though.  I am less familiar with this part of the product from prior versions.  With this version, I decided to play around with it.  It's very easy to set up rules and filters to block certain kinds of content.  However, it does take some time to play with all the options.CONCLUSIONThe McAfee Total Protection product suite is solid, despite its imperfections. The cost is reasonable compared to the price of most alternatives.  The updates, while minimal, have improved the product's performance.  Give the product a try if you need more than just Anti-Virus protection.  But for users who don't care about those extra features, the AV only license may be a better value.  Save your money depending on which costs less.  Ironically, it's not uncommon for TP to sell for less than the AV product alone.Enjoy!
First of all it didn't install over McAfee Total Protection 2009.  Even after I uninstalled the 2009 version it still didn't install until I downloaded and ran some Virtual Troubleshooter from McAfee.  Just another thing I have to uninstall.Finally, on the third attempt, it installed.  There are a lot of the new features and an upgraded User-Interface.  The interface is greatly simplified but you have less options compared to the prior version.  The way it integrates with other computers on your network is pretty cool.  You can manage the security on any computer you have established a trust-relationship with.This sofware hogs memory.  The only thing on my computer using more memory is Internet Explorer.  It even uses more memory than Outlook.  I'm not sure why the memory usage changes so often but it peaks somewhere at about 100MB.I registered the product on McAfee's website.  Rather than extending my existing subscription, it simply put 3 more one year licenses in effect.  Great - now I have six licenses for three computer that will expire within a week of each other.Don't get me wrong; I've been using McAfee for years and not a single virus or malicious script has infected my computer.On the down side, McAfee is constantly downloading updates, rebooting, hogging memory and slowing down my computer during scans.  I mean is it really necessary to scan 4TB of files every week?  The scans are without a doubt the most use my disk drives get and undoubtably will reduce their lifespans.
Mcafee Total Protection comes with a full sweet of protection, Antivirus, Antispyware, phishing, parentals controls, site advisor etc.The install is straight forward. You have to create an account with Mcafee so you can install on other computers and receive your updates.Mcafee does a good job at protecting from known threats with how a bug hit on system resources.  Where Mcafee has some issues with is the proactive protection (new threats out in the wild).  You can find the test reulsts at av-comparatives.One thing that really bugged me was a bad update to the site advisor product.  It would lock up my internet browser when using either Yahoo Mail or GMail, so I uninstalled siteadivsor and will not go back to it.System scans are long but this is common with most AV vendors.There also too many system messages the pop-up, in particular the network map.  Even though I set it up to trust my network.I would not recommend it too my friends or family because you can just a good of protection a few free products out there.  If Mcafee excelled and was top of the line I would purchase it over going free
Better than Norton, not as good as some free stuff that could be downloaded. Avast! for example, works like a charm and doesn't take up HUGE amounts of memory like Norton and McAfee does. I had to uninstall these because of how badly they affected my system's resources.So I give it three stars because it certainly doesn't deserve more but it's not so bad, as long as you have lots of memory.
I've used a number of security programs over the years, but had never tried McAfee's before.  It installed easily and I was pretty impressed because it rivaled Norton's programs.  It does what it says and it's easy to use.  It also has a WOT-like interface that's nice. (WOT is Web of Trust - Google it up, it's completely free -- that warns you about sites with bad reputations.)I was running Vista and after I wiped the disk to install Windows 7, I went to reinstall McAfee, but ran into some trouble, which was probably my fault. Almost assuredly my fault, to be fair. (I hate reading directions.)  Long story short, I got impatient and just loaded AVG Free for the time being. I intended to reinstall McAfee later.But I ended up sticking with the free program for one reason:  computer speed.  McAfee slowed my computer down immensely. So: good program, but slow.
I have used McAfee products for a long time with fairly good luck. The program does do its job by recognizing threats and potential virus', however I do have a complaint where it tends to slow down my system while either updating or while in the scanning mode. To be fair, this slow down I experience could be my system and not the McAfee AntiVirus program, but when I try another manufacturer, I don't experience slow downs. I obtained the 3-system user because I utilize three laptops and/or Netbooks while traveling.Pro: Good price for what you get; performs very well and offers adequate protection of your system.Cons: Tends to cause your system to slow during updates and scans. Complete system scans are somewhat slow and time consuming.
I installed this on a Windows 7 OS. It seemed to install smoothly, I did have some initial problems when the OS didn't recognize the software as virus protection.In addition, I originally had the entire McAfee suite previously installed. By installing this product, it uninstalled my other McAfee product.To be honest, I actually prefer the full suite of McAfee better because there was no expirtation on it and it was free from my cable company through my purchase of Cable Internet access. As soon my McAfee full suite was uninstalled I ended up getting pop ups from hell until my OS could synch w/ the new software.As a whole, I don't quite have a lot of trust in McAfee because despite all the updates and scans, I still occasionally get viruses especially on my netbook when traveling into different networks like from hotels and cafes.In the end, I am most likely going to uninstall this product and reinstall my full McAfee Security Suite, it does not appear to have all options that the full suite has.
Virus protection is one of those things that you really don't know if it is good, unless you don't have any problems.  Problems can come from viruses or from the software itself, and then there are problems that can come from ones operating system.  With McAfee's Antivirus Plus software, I got an easy install, painless updates, and monitoring that usually doesn't hog resources, but there where moments when actions would bog down and a reboot was preceded by checkdisk that show the shutdown did not go as smoothly as possible.Way back, at almost the dawn of my using PC computers, I first used McAfee AntiVirus for a couple of years in the mid-90's.  I waltzed away from it when Norton developed stronger product that would go through and solve Window problems and allowed for one to use a ZIP drive to run your system if a total crash occurred.  When Norton went with their 360 product in the early 'nought's, I tried Computer Associates virus protection, but they turned into a company that seemed to question what they wanted to be.  For the past four years, I have used Window's OneCare, but Microsoft is dropping that product, probably because they didn't make enough from it, who knows.  So, I've been searching for a good virus protection that might also help with my home network.  While this product isn't the version that one would use for keeping track of one's network, I thought I would review it to experience its virus protection capabilities.For the past six weeks I have been using it, quite frankly, because unless a virus protection product totally stinks, you usually cannot review it in a day or two.  I did try using it to scan an infected CD-ROM.  It didn't find the worm, and a little bit more disconcerting, to me, is that it only scanned less than one-half of the files on the disk, as opposed to Norton's.It seems to be a "fair" product, but I am hesitant about using it, myself.
The anti-virus market is in an uproar. Microsoft has been entering the arena with some success over the past several years and it is possible that future versions of Windows will have full-featured anti-virus and spyware detection built-in or freely available. Other publishers, like AVG, offer free anti-virus programs and still others offer spyware detection software free.Norton and McAfee are the largest commercial anti-virus vendors. Norton has been losing market share and reputation as its consumer and small business offerings have grown bloated, buggy and demanding of resources. McAfee went somewhat the same way, but not as bloated. Instead McAffee relentlessly pounds you with pop-up ads until you find the magic spot to turn them off.This is the basic McAfee anti-virus package. For a package that covers three computers for a year, it is well priced. Like Norton and offers, McAfee makes it money from subscriptions, so watch out after your first year. It is often less expensive to buy a new package off the shelf, rather than renew.Installation is smooth, though it is highly recommended that you first turn off your firewall and remove the existing anti-virus install.Operation is much as what you expect. When McAfee is running, if you don't allocate resources, it will use all of your CPU's power and slow things down. Schedule your anti-virus scans for the middle of the night and leave your computer on. That way you won't be bothered.Remember, that most home networks are protected from viruses by your ISP. Most viruses and other malware are spread because of consumer ignorance (i.ee., opening attachments from strangers or friends running without anti-virus protection) or from malicious websites, downloads and so on. The anti-virus protection on your home computer should be viewed as a last line of defense.This McAfee package provides the basic protection you need. It does a good job, though you can get much the same protection from free offerings.Jerry
Antivirus and 'Net security products do come in a wide variety and range today, that's for sure, and McAfee does seem to be contributing their share to what at one time seemed to be a simple choice for the consumer to make. Case in point is the newMcAfee AntiVirus Plus 2010, a 3-user offering.At first glance, this product seems to be a decent product, but delving a bit deeper it seems that even the back of the box indicate that this so-called "Plus" version offers the following very basic features:1). Email, chat, & go online without worry.2). Freely surf, search, & browse the web.3). Play games, watch videos, & be productive without interruption.As noted before, these are just very basic features. But suppose you want the following features:4.) Shop, bank and trade more securely.5). Let your children go online safely.If those are important to you (as they probably are), then you made the wrong choice with this "Plus" version, and need to get theMcAfee Internet Security 20103-user package, which of course costs more, and that's how the shell game goes.But that's not all, either. Supposed you want these additional features:6). Know when someone connects to your home network.7). Safely search or click on links from friends, knowing your PC won't be exposed to viruses or threats.8). Protect your valuable files in case your computer is lost or stolen.Should those last three be of significant consideration, you'll again have to bypass the "Plus" and the second version and opt for theMcAfee Total Protection 20103-user offering... which is yet another upgrade.The point here is simple: figure out which of the versions offers the most protection that you'll need and go for that version. As far as the installation, ease of use, functionality or protection go, the McAfee AntiVirus Plus offering is very basic, and it works.But looking at the other products on the market, including such freeware applications such the latest AVG Anti-Virus Free Edition or Avast Home Edition, you might do better to avoid the shell game altogether and opt for one of those.Please don't take me wrong; none of these offerings from McAfee are bad, it's just that the AntiVirus Plus offering is very basic, and you may have to play the shell game to guess which version seems to fit your needs. You might also with to consider some other commercial products such asBitdefender Internet Security 2010, a 3-user/2-year product which this reviewer found to merit 4-stars. There is alsoVipre AntiVirus + AntiSpyware, which this reviewer found to be a superior 5-star offering, and one that I reviewed here some months ago.The choice is yours, but because of the shell game nature of McAfee AntiVirus Plus in comparison with the other excellent Internet security offerings available, this reviewer can only call it a 3-star product.
It was only after getting this in the mail & looking on the back of the box that I realized that Antivirus "Plus" only comes with 3 features.  That is the big plus?  Are you kidding me?  If you want more you have to pay of course & there are 2 more version each costing more.  Considering that I can get the same protection for free from Avast! I hardly see this as a great deal or worth buying.  In the future if I decide to buy an antivirus program I will look into Norton.  I used them a lot in the past & was always very happy with the results & all the "extras" that came with it.The "Plus" is as follows: protection for email, chat, & go online.  Freely surf, search, & browse the web.  Play games, watch videos, & be productive w/out interruption.  WOW!  ALL that!  Yes, I'm being sarcastic.  The next version is Internet Security which includes the 3 mentioned items and 2 more.  Shop, bank, & trade online more securely. Let your children go online safely.  GEE shouldn't that already be in "Plus"?  I think so!  The last version is Total Protection.  It includes all 5 items mentioned with 3 more.  Know when someone connects to your home network.  Safely search or click on links from friends, knowing your PC won't be exposed to viruses or threats.  Protect your valuable files in case you computer is lost or stolen.  I repeat GEE shouldn't that already be in "Plus"?  YES!  What a rip-off!What it has going for it is it is a well known & trusted antivirus program.  It is easy to install.  (However, Norton & Avast! are also very easy to install.) And you can install it (McAfee) on up to 3 PC's. That is great for us having the desktop plus 2 laptops.  I have used older McAfee programs in the past & never had any trouble with them & so far, this one seems to run as smoothly.Bottom line, I think this is a waste of money.  If you only want the 3 features than get yourself some protection for FREE. If you want all the "extras" I guess you could get the Total Protection but I would strongly suggest checking out Norton first & see if they have a better "deal"Update 4-27-2010:Mcafee had a boo boo with an update causing the "blue screen of death" (google it, it just happened if you don't believe me).  I have had Mcafee on all 3 of my pc's.  Well not anymore!  My laptop bit the dust.  I had to reformat it & decided to install Microsoft Security Essentials on it for my FREE anti virus protection.  Well well, my laptop is blazing by with no problems.  Mcafee hogged the resources on this machine that it would crawl & Mcafee killed my laptop.  I was so worried about my other 2 pc's but they are okay.  Phew!  However this led me to believe that having one antivirus program from the same provider isn't the smartest of plans.  I could have lost everything!  So I uninstalled Mcafee off my other laptop & put good ol' FREE Avast! on it.  Well well, that little bugger is chugging away faster & smoother than ever!  I left Mcafee on my home desktop pc.  When my subscription runs out, I will get another FREE anti virus rather than Mcafee.  It is really pointless to have Mcafee when you can get all you need for nothing & not have your pc go to a crawl.
When it does come down to Windows Vista and the all-new Windows 7, it is increasingly important for you to have afully functional anti-virus software program, and that comes into play very nicely with the McAfee Antivirus software. The tool does a good job at scanning your computer throughly for virus and threats that might harm your computer from and prevent them from any damages. My only gripe though with the software is just like BitDefender's antivirus software is that it constantly removes safe and non-threating cookies from the computer, including a special software for downloading and printing out coupons from online shops, and for use in everyday supermarkets. Hopefully, the next time I get that special non-threatening software, there can be a tool that can that be allowed to overlook those cookies. But, I still think it is good on Windows XP, but could've been better for Windows Vista. I suggest that you find a better antivirus software program instead if that does keep happening.Price: CConvience: C+Overall: C+
Once i installed this product my computer hasnt stopped asking me questions...Yes or no or ok or cancel...Its almost as if it has reset itself.This product is good if you dont go online much.But if you surf the net all of the time, find something else.
This always-reliable anti-program is a good choice for computer protection.  Its speed is better than Norton's equivalent programs and it does everything its competitor does; anti-virus, anti-phishing and spyware, and good firewall protection.What I like best, though, is the inclusion of SiteAdvisor. SiteAdvisor can save you from all sorts of miseries associated with bad web sites.That said, you can get Web of Trust (WOT) for free at (...).  It's the same thing as SiteAdvisor. You need it, either via this program or the website.While I prefer AVG's anti-virus program (I've used the full version and the free, and free seems to be just fine), McAfee's offering is absolutely solid and easy to use. The only thing that annoys me -- and it's only a small annoyance -- is how often McAfee's name pops up on screen.
I have used McAfee products before and have never had any real complaints. This Anti-virus Plus is a decent barebones protection plan for your PC.The issue for me is that equally good protection on this level can be had for no monetary expense. I happen to like AVG as far as a basic anti-virus program that is effective and trustworthy.If I was going to use McAfee again I think I would simply spring for their total protection programs. If you're going to spend money for this stuff, get the most comprehensive.
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Somewhat recommended, with reservations and only lukewarm fuzzies.Prior to this version, I have also used the Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 10.  As with Corel's bundling of various photo and video applications, this suite of applications offers basic functionality for people who do not (and will not later) need more advanced options when it comes to editing and manipulation of photo and video files.  Corel has a similar suite of applications, Corel Digital Studio 2010.  Both products have the same list price, but this Roxio 2010 is currently not being discounted by Amazon as heavily as the Corel product.  The photo and video editing capabilities of both the Roxio and Corel products are rudimentary, at best.  But I do like the burning software of the Roxio suite much better than that of the Corel suite, and this is my main reason for using this product.  The photo and video capabilities are a tad better in the Corel suite though.  The main advantage for buying these kinds of software suites is cost; they are much cheaper than buying separate applications, even though most separate applications offer far more advanced capabilities.  My main qualm with recommending these photo/video software suites to people is that, even if they were novices to begin with, they have a propensity to quickly outgrow the basic functionality that is offered here and soon want the more advanced features of separate specialized applications.
I was unable to install this program because the CD Key number that is needed was obscured by another sticker. Then after getting past that the program requires a whopping 5000 Mb on my crowded C drive, so I'll have to adjust the C partition first.
Its hard not to be swayed by the poor ratings that this product has received on Amazon. And yet, perversely, I wanted to verify this for myself.Over a period of about 2 weeks I put this software through every test that I could think of ... from capture, to editing, to slide show creation, to DVD authoring, to DVD burning ... and I did it all on a low performing workstation.So what did I find?1. The software bursts at the seams with functionality.There's too much here, and as anyone who has navigated a 401K knows, too much choice is not always a good thing. The number of applications could easily have been reduced by half, either by eliminating "fluff" applications (such as CineMagic which is supposed to "auto-build" your home movie for you), or by packaging utilities (such as SyncIt!) into their parent application.2. The software is a cobbled-together set of multiple independent applications.Unlike an office suite where the individual applications all share some common look and feel, the applications that comprise the Roxio suite feel like an alliance between team members who can barely tolerate each other. They cooperate enough to get your job done, but there's no joy in the process.3. The software is not intuitiveNon linear editing, by its very nature, is a hugely complex task.Ideally, you'd expect an editor to come with enough literature to help you find your way around its interface and to help you make informed decisions when it comes to the selections that you'll invariably run into. Unfortunately, the downloadable user manual and the accompanying help text contain barely enough information to be worth your while. (I had better luck with the online tutorials.)Failing that, you'd at least like the software to be intuitive to use. Creator fails that test too. For instance, with VideoWave, the only way to view the scenes detected in a movie clip is to click a teeny arrow on the clip. (Yes, really). There's also no way to merge two clips on the timeline. You can split a clip - but you can't merge!4. The software is buggy.I had multiple occasions when dragging scenes onto the Timeline would crash the software, resulting in a restart with all my editing during that session being lost.Even the DVD authoring is problematic. After taking over 3 hours to render an H.264-based DVD, I received an error message that very emphatically informed me that "Project_BuildToDevice() AuthorScript call failed. Error while  Writing Format".Say what?(These errors happened even after an upgrade to SP2.)5. The software's performance is inconsistent.Sometimes it zips along with nary a hiccup in frame rates, and other times it seems to inexplicably choke on everything. I've had to restart the software, computer, and pray in equal measures.6. The software may not have been adequately tested under various operating conditions.My install on Vista 64-bit, on a fairly underpowered notebook, went rather well - with NO installation issues. This notebook does not even have a dedicated video card, and uses shared video memory - yet the install was pleasantly quite straightforward.However, reading other user experiences on here makes me wonder whether I was simply singularly lucky.Conclusion:##########In the end, I was able to capture about an hour of HD video, edit it down to about 15 minutes worth of footage, combine it with a slideshow of still photos including an audio track, and author everything to a DVD (AVCHD format), complete with animated menus and an intro movie.And the result looks absolutely stunning on my PS3.Given that I was able to achieve my objective, I am rating Creator 2010 as a borderline 3-star product. Considering my experiences (as detailed above), it is hard to justify anything higher.This rating also covers the other plethora of tools included with this software - such as CD ripping/burning, video format conversions, and backup software.In many ways, this product is truly a paper tiger - something that looks awesome at a distance (just check out its spec sheet), but which doesn't fare quite as well in reality.I'm currently also playing with Adobe Premiere Elements, and will post my thoughts on that product as soon as I've formed an opinion.Updated Apr 22 2010:#################This software has issues when installing on Windows 7. See their KB article (link in the comment below) for how to fix it.Happy Editing!
I have Windows Vista & had no issues loading this Roxio program.  I also found the instructions easy to understand and to follow.With Roxio, I was looking to burn DVDs as well as create short videos using my pictures.  Burning the DVDs was a piece of cake.  The creating the videos took me a little longer.  The end product was ok (but I'm a first timer).However, sometimes when I open my pictures (Roxio not pulled up), it seems that Roxio just wants to take over my computer.  I don't know why.  Maybe it is operator error? Frustrating couple of experiences.Since I've never worked with Roxio before, I plan to work with the program a little longer & will post updates once I have more experience with the program.
A suite done well can be a dream come true, likewise one done badly can be a real nightmare. The act of bundling software into a suite does not guarantee either, even if the individual pieces are great products and it does not supplant true innovation.I'll be brief on this review, while the product installed successfully, and usable (hence the middle of the road 3 stars) the process of actually using it was slow, cumbersome and at times painful. The product has a huge footprint and hogs system resources (don't imagine that you can run it in the background while doing other things).Bottom line, would not buy this product, I would consider Nero as an alternative. P-)
The installation package comes in the form of a DVD which took more than 30 minutes to install on my PC. Then it took another 2-3 minutes to launch the application for the first time. Subsequent launches take far less time than the first launch. I downloaded the update after installing the application and the process took around 10 minutes. The total disk space taken by the program is about 1.6GB.The application first launches in a home base in which various projects can be started. The interface is intuitive and layout is neat. The included tutorial videos are very handy since the package doesn't come with any printed manual.My first project was to make a slideshow of some of my photos and it was straight forward with choices of transitions between photos. However, I wasn't able to add music to the slideshow.My next project was to burn a video DVD. The application came with all the necessary tools to author a DVD from videos imported from my camcorder. It worked without hiccups up until burning the project to a disc. The application consumed like 70+% of my CPU time and practically I could not fire up or use another application while the burning is in process, without risking a buffer underrun error.One thing lacking in Roxio Creator 2010 is HD/Blu-Ray support out of the box. Though, it is available for purchase as a separate plug-in.Roxio Creator 2010 comes bundled with all the necessary tools to get your home multimedia project going. While it works fine in most projects, it is also very resource intensive. Unless you have one of the fastest PC rigs, you may want to consider other alternatives such as Nero and CyberLink Media Suite.
The layout and functionality is very easy to understand and use. Most tasks have basic and advanced menus.For the "BackUp" related functions:This product does not appear to be able to burn an "image" of your system partition. For data backup, I found the compression and encryption features work well. It creates an encrypted disk with a "retrieve" program on it so in the future you don't need to worry about not having the appropriate software to read the disk.For Video DVD creating:Making a standard video DVD is very nice. I've used several expensive "professional" products and in comparison I find Creator 2010 to be delightfully easy to understand and use! I especially like how they have handled adding audio for your menu screens. Previewing a DVD project works well.One feature I expecically liked was the ability to remove menus, subtitles, extra languages and outtakes from DVDs.The video file format conversion program is clearly designed for the non-technical user and as such may be great for people who have a video and they want to convert it for usage on a portable media player.Cons:1. The install is a huge 1.6 GB! Also Creator 2010 REQUIRES Windows Media Player 11.2. The install is slow, but I had no issues at all on a refurbished Win XP machine.3. The software is a little sluggish to start up (~2 min), so anyone with an older PC may have a negative experience. After the first time, start-up is much faster.In summary, most more powerful video/audio related tools have high learning curve.  This tool is more easier for average user to get a good handle, especially with the user friendly interface.
I'm a long time Roxio user but I'm thinking this will be the last Roxio product I get.  They are just getting too bloated for my likes.I've got a really beefy machine but was quite surprised when this took 20 minutes to install.  I'm thinking Roxio forgot that they are a CD/DVD/BRD burning software company but they've taken a side step from their core and are trying to be a little bit of everything (for instance: photo editing).  I think this is a bad idea as they are quickly turning into a jack-of-all-trades but a master-of-none type of company.  Bottom line is that this is a bit too bloated which makes the software a whole lot more complicated to do something as simple as burning a CD.The reason I got the software was that I did want something to facilitate burning a CD.  And for doing that, it works pretty good.  But I don't want the video and photo editing nor the CD-ripping capabilities.  I use something else for that but with Roxio we are pretty much forced into buying it all whether you want it or not.  I guess that bugs me as this software should cost a third of what it is actually going for.So, if you want to burn disk media then this is a great product for doing that.  But the rest of it: video editing, sound editing, photo editing, DVD/BRD playback, etc etc there are other products that are going to give you more bang for the buck.
This product has a lot in it.  It isn't too hard to use, and can produce a quality product.  I think it is jammed full of things you can do.  Doesn't come with a lot of information, kind of learn as you go, but who wants to read a manual to figure something out anyway.  Works well.  I recommend.
I installed this on a computer running Windows Vista Ultimate 64-bit and encountered no difficulty.Like so many software suites that try to perform many functions, Roxio Creator 2010 is a competent, but not stellar performer in several areas. Video and photo editing are both better left to more specialized and powerful programs, though this will do for simple tasks in a pinch. Conversion of video formats works, but again specialized programs do it better. Burning optical media works well.If you are pinched for dollars, a suite like Roxio Creator 2010 can do a lot of things, but none of them spectacularly well. Specialized programs will cost you more, though there are also a fair number of open source or free programs for things like audio recording, video conversion and burning optical media.  Overall, I think Roxio Creator 2010 offers fair value for the money, but just don't have impossibly high expectations of what the various components of this generally capable suite can get done for you.Jerry
I do a lot of work with DVD and CD creation, so good DVD creation tools are essential to what I do. My PC came pre-loaded with a more basic version of Roxio Creator, and it has given me little trouble so I was eager to try this new version. Instead of being impressed, I am underwhelmed and even a little disappointed.What I received was a single CD in a paper sleeve - no documentation at all. Granted, this type of application does not generally need printed manuals as it's self-explanatory, but even a quick reference card is typical with most packages with which I have worked.Installation took quite a while. In fact, I left and came back 30 minutes later to find it still installing. It did install successfully, after which it immediately updated itself from the internet, taking another bit of time.The first time I launched Roxio it was very slow to come up, so slow that I wasn't sure if it was even going to come up at all. It eventually did come up though and it presented me with a pretty graphical interface. After first launch it has run much faster ever since, so I really cannot complain too much there... The interface is very intuitive and is actually quite nice, though it may be a bit over the top for a utility application. In most cases, the application handles all tasks in the same client window, but when working with DVDs and video a separate application launches.I decided to turn a pair of videos into a playable DVD, and this presented an excellent opportunity to test the DVD creation part of this set. I was able to create a simple project, choose a menu template and then add videos to it, changing titles and even adding a date. This was very simple and straightforward. That said, I was unable to align my text exactly as I had in mind as it kept snapping my text box to a grid and I found no way to override this. Cosmetic in nature, but it made my final DVD look less polished. The eye opener was during the burn process - this application gobbled up 60-75% of my CPU cycles while it burned, and it made no effort to work in the background while I tried to do other things. I eventually did get my playable DVD and it worked as I expected, but getting that DVD required that I dedicate the box during the creation process. I have used other packages that use less system resources to do the same thing.Having a lot of digital photos and a lot of music files I thought it would be neat to try a slideshow in the photo section. Roxio did a nice job of creating a slidewhow with effects built right in. However, I added an audio track to the slideshow and it never played. I checked the file in a different player to ensure I had a good file and it played fine. No idea why it failed in the slideshow.Creating audio and data CDs works fine, though I do wish Roxio was not so hungry for the CPU.I do like feeding ISO images to Roxio for near seamless burns to CD or DVD. This is important for me, as I do download ISO images of software for which I have paid and I do download Linux images as well.I have not tried too much else of the whole application beyond what I have outlined above. My biggest complaint with the package is the processor-intensive operation, though the audio bug in the slideshow has me hunting for more issues. Hopefully Sonic will release an update that is a little more CPU friendly (or at least makes provisions for working in the background) and has some bugs fixed. If your PC came with a CD/DVD creation solution that does everything you need, you may want to wait before upgrading to Roxio Creator 2010.
When I first tried to install this disk, it wouldn't work. I put it aside for a couple of days then got an email from Roxio with a new installation key. That allowed me to get the software up and running.I'm mostly a Mac user and have used Roxio's Toast program, which is roughly similar to this software, so I didn't need a lot of help getting it running. It's nice to be able to do some basic video and audio capture editing when I'm using Windows. It's slow, though, which is a big disappointment, as Toast is an excellent program.
I primary use this program to convert my video camera movies into other formats. Like the other video conversion programs I've used, it's sluggish, but I have yet to have it crash on me. I especially like being able to make slideshows and short movies for my ipod touch.For photo editing, this program doesn't hold a candle to Photoshop Elements but the slideshow creation feature in Roxio is very good. I've used it to make several slideshows and put them on my web site. For an all-around photo, video, and audio editor this program will do the job provided your computer has plenty of memory (RAM) and a decent processor.
This is the third version of Roxio Creator I have owned.Wow! What an improvement!When you first open the program the initial splash screen is much easier to navigate than prior versions of the program.  It makes finding what you want much easier!Slideshow choked 2x when trying to import photos from the network drive.PhotoShow Express allows for up to 400 photos per slideshow.  To get more you have to upgrade to Premium at a cost of about $40.00 / year.  Extra styles (such as those for a wedding) are available if you upgrade to Premium.  I imported photos from a network drive into the PhotoShow with no problems (took about 3 minutes to import 400 photos).  However moving photos around was limited to one photo at a time so it was going to take much longer than I wanted to arrange the photos.  The program does a nice job of giving a larger view of the photo when you hover over the thumbnail (this is one feature I really liked and one that had a very quick response time). Music is provide or you can use your own tunes.While PhotoShow would not be my photo slide show program of choice it still, has a lot of features that allow for easy, quick, intuitive, and fun personalization.  If you are wanting to make just a simple throw together slide show that looks cute this is a great program for that.  This is a great program for those wanting a simple photo slideshow creator that is easy but produces quality results.Albums are easy to create and 18 different album themes are avail be.The learning center has well created PDF files.The updater works smoothly and launched the first time I started the program.  Which then immediately required a reboot of my system.This program's best feature is the data copy.  It allows for several different ways to burn disks, copy disks, and copy disks to image.  This is really my favorite feature of this package and why I buy it again and again.
I've been having a love/hate relationship with Roxio Creator since I installed it on my XP desktop awhile back.The good? Pop in a DVD or CD R or RW disc, and the Creator pops up with an icon - drag whatever you want to copy to that icon, click burn, and you're done. MP3's burn so they're easily read on any CD player we own, everything else is burned properly (multimedia, photos, video, etc). It's truly a no-brainer.The bad? Installation was a bit of a headache, and Creator did not play well with my Panda Activescan. After getting that all taken care of, all is fine.I haven't really delved into the creative side of this program at all, simply using it to burn files. For this, it works flawlessly. Admittedly a relatively expensive and bloated program if this is all you're using it for, but the ease of use to me is worth it.That said, I've not had the guts to try it on my Windows 7 laptop, after reading horror stories, I'm happy to just leave well enough alone and use it on the XP machine.Hopefully Roxio will come out with an update that keeps the good and kills the bad in 2011. Until then, if you can find this cheap, and need a program to easily burn discs, I think Creator is a good deal.
Roxio Creator 2010 is fairly pointless and mediocre. It allows you to burn a variety of media.  It also allows you to edit video and images and create disc labels.I question the point of this software.  Windows comes already has programs built in that let you do burn discs and edit simple videos and images.  There is simply no reason to buy this program when you can do the same things for free.The editing software is basic and clunky.  It greatly slowed down my desktop, which was irritating.  It feels like Roxio put little effort into streamlining this product.For  sophisticated image editing, I recommend GIMP, which is completely free.  For video editing, I recommend VideoStudio Pro X2, which costs about the same as Roxio Creator 2010.I suppose Roxio Creator isn't as terrible as the other reviews state, but it's just pointless when you can do almost all the things this software does for free.
Once again, time has surpassed a timely review of a product. As with any software I have or will review, I try to give the most thorough test I can before writing my impressions. As in the case of the Roxio suite, they have already released the latest and the 2010 version may soon no longer be available.This aspect of software today is really annoying- software is not milk, it has no expiration date, only the one imposed by the marketing people upon the creative people to change a few features so they can re-brand the product and make buyers feel stupid for not having the latest and greatest. MS Office is the biggest perpetrator of this scheme, but for now let's return to Roxio.I have been using their products for a long time, since Version 4 I believe. And Version 6 is still my favorite, not so much for the video aspects, but it has superior audio management tools that they have since reduced to a mockery of their former selves.I realize multimedia changes almost weekly, and there may well be justifications for these annual versions in order to keep up- but why not do it with downloadable subscription fixes of just the newest bits?I found this particular suite, like so many others, mostly to be too ambitious. It takes a long enough time to master one aspect of entertainment software, let alone the many features found in Roxio 2010. As a result, I became frustrated every time I spent time with it. even simple tasks- editind a ripped vinyl LP- is nowhere near as simple as in Ver 6- of course I have to compare it, like you'd compare an earlier auto to the latest model, one with so many new features you'll be in the driveway for hours.Even on a new and speedy computer, it seems to take way too long to do anything, something I first noticed in Version 7 I believe. Once again, it's like a clown car of features that is fairly impractical to drive and is not exactly your father's Oldsmobile.Video? My first few attempts were likewise the big learning curve. I think if I were to purchase any type of multimedia software in the future, I would prefer one dedicated to one task only- it would be more expensive, yes, but take less concentration to produce anything, and certainly be less of a resource hog. When and if I finally have mastered every aspect of this product I will try to update this review, but it'll probably be the middle of 2011, if that soon.
I did not experience any of the problems with installing, but this software is only so-so.  Depending on what you need to do, I'd spend the money on Pinnacle.  I have not ever found one that makes even most people happy.  They are all flawed.
I have the Roxio DE version which does a fine job burning data, music, and photo cd's. Every time I opened the DE version, it had an splash page for the "new Roxio Creator 2010" and listed all the features. I started regretting not having chosen this one because I have many digital home movies that need to be joined together ("spliced"?)and slightly edited. I took the bait.INSTALLATION: The program installed well, though it took quite a while and the progress bar seemed to stall. I kept noticing that the status window kept installing program after program and even musical tracts and pictures, without any input from me. I was especially alarmed at the amount of "content" it was installing.  An ironic note across the top stated that "the program features you selected are currently being installed."When I finally got to the main interface, I confirmed that I had installed more features than I would really need. I have Photoshop CS4 for image editing,  Adobe Bridge for browsing, and no interest in doing anything for mobile devices or in creating adhesive labels. Unfortunately, there is no way to remove features you either don't need or just plain don't want after installation, not even going through the Control Panel. It's all or nothing.PROGRAM(S): Each category within the program (Data/Copy; Video/Movies; Music/Audio; Photo; and Learning Center seems to work as an individual program or module. You open and exit each program independently, and when you exit one program, you're back at the main interface. It seems to me that, once you open Roxio Creator, all the modules are running. It's not a program, it's a cluster of programs (which probably explains my next observation).RUNNING THE PROGRAM: The program installed well and seems to run well. It has created no conflicts with either the operating system (Windows 7 Pro) or with any other program. The downside in performance seems to be memory usage. I checked in the Windows Task Manager under "Processes", and Roxio Central alone was using more memory than all the other running processes combined--even when I'm not doing anything but looking at the main interface with no modules open. I have 12 GB of RAM, so this isn't a problem for me, but I know it would have been a problem with my old computer which had 4GB of RAM. I also noticed that, even after closing the program, my RAM usage remains much higher than usual until I reboot. This happens each time I open and close the program. It just does not release the memory until I reboot. This is not acceptable.QUALITY AND FUNCTIONS: The Photo Module is very basic and doesn't begin to approach Elements (let alone Photoshop).  On the arty side, it can create calendars, greeting cards, calendars, etc., but there are so many other dedicated craft software products and websites that do all that so much better. The slide shows it prepares are pretty average, and you probably have Power Point anyway. For audio conversions, I-Tunes converts your CD tracks to digital just fine and does if for free, so that feature isn't an incentive. It creates labels for your CD's--but adhesive labels are known to damage them in the long run, so it's safer to just get a CD marker. It burns a disk image of your system, but I'm not sure I'd want to fool with that on a do-it-all program. The only function that this program does very well is burn audio and data CD's and DVD's, but my old DE version did it just as well and just as easily. They both tell you how much space is still left on the media, which saves you aggravation at the end. Roxio should stick to doing what it does really well. I can't see the logic of entering markets already dominated by other companies unless you can outdo them.VIDEO MODULE: My main reason for upgrading was the Video Editing module. I assumed it would be something very basic and easy-to-use. It might be the former, but it isn't the latter. The interface is not the slightest bit intuitive for someone with no previous experience and unfamiliar with the terminology or process. I opened the video editor and couldn't figure out where to start. The more I looked, the more confused I got. Why I would want a barbed wire effect, or blowing sand effect, or a brick wall effect? (And this is just the "b's" -- there is a whole alphabet-full of effects I can't imagine ever wanting). I'm hesitant about importing my video and damaging it in some way before I figure out what I'm supposed to do. I know there is supposed to be a way to burn unedited copies of the movies in my camera memory directly to DVD to make a backup of the original (in case I ruin it when I get around to editing).  I haven't been able to figure out how it's done or what module it's in yet.HELP & SUPPORT: Unfortunately, "Help" isn't too helpful and the "Learning Center" doesn't teach anything I want to know now.  There is supposed to be an online manual, but I couldn't find it at the company's site, (which isn't easy to navigate and seems primarily geared towards selling, not supporting products already sold.)  All I got was the instruction to press F-1 in the Home module, but there isn't anything useful (to me) in that section either. There are pop-up captions when you hover over anything, but they just say exactly what the caption says (in case you want to read the same thing twice.)CONCLUSION: Part of my reason for getting this program was avoiding a mistake I made in my previous computer: filling it with a ton of programs I really didn't need and which conflicted with one another. I thought that consolidating a lot of functions in one program would be better. On second thought, this might not be a good idea. It is probably better to get the best program I can afford (and really need) to perform each function that I really want. Getting a catch-all program that does a lot of things in a mediocre way is not the solution.RATING:  2 1/2 to 3 stars. It works. It's not spectacular, but it's not horrible. I'm very concerned about the memory usage, bothered by the failure to give options at the time of installation or the ability to customize the program to your needs, and annoyed by the lack of documentation.
I installed the pro version. Retail package. Win 7-64 utlimate. Very little works as it was advertised. Customer service is generally reinstall. This was done on Dell recent machine -- clean install - Nothing unusual. Maybe they will fix it. Some of the modules will work is approached on sub menus. How do they test these products.UpdateRoxio cs is not helpful They just say reinstall - They program does work - I have a very high end Dell Worsstation Xeon. Dell uses HL Teac drives. Both drives were incompatable with win7-64. Many have had the same prob as is documented on the [...] It did not make sense so I was slow replacing. Bought 2 sony Dvd -rw drives with the NEC chipset. Now all is perfect.I even updated the firmware of the Dell drives to no avail. Very unusual! The Dell drives only worked as cd drives barely no dvd operations.It is not an expensive update I do not know what Roxio, Dell and Teac did in those drives manu in Nov,2007.
There are three versions of this software:  Antivirus, Internet Security and Total Security.Antivirus has everything except:Automatic FirewallTune-upFile VaultFile ShredderParental ControlAuto Online BackupInternet Security has everything except:Tune-upFile ShredderAuto Online Backup (2GB only)Total Security has everything bitdefender has to offer, which is the version I have.With any such software, after you load it, you have to go through the process of telling it which programs to allow internet access.  You also have to simply get used to it, because such software is running all the time and is constantly doing something.Before bitdefender, I used McAfee . . . and before that I used Norton.  McAfee let in "Vundo" which was a real pain. . . . Norton clogged-up everything (though in all fairness I haven't used Norton in several years).So far, I'm not really overly impressed with bitdefender.  I've been using it for a couple of weeks.  After installing it, Windows kept trying to update files constantly.  I have one computer running XP and one running Vista and it happened on both.  It was one particular thing (XML something) and I thought it would never end.  It finally has though.Sometimes I think I have more email in my "spam" box than I do in my "real" box with bitdefender!  I guess it's going to take awhile to get this under control also.Finally, when I did my last scan. . . . bitdefender said that it found a "virus". . . but it didn't have information on how to clean it, so it did nothing.  I haven't had any trouble with my computer. . yet. . . so I'm not really sure if it actually found something or not. . . but what good is antivirus software. .  .if it's not going to be able to fix the problem??
I've used too many anti-virus and anti-spyware applications over the years. Bitdefender is another in a long line of programs that get the job done, but simply aren't worth the extra money after the end of 2009. First, let me make it clear that Bitdefender does everything they claim it will do. It does an excellent job identifying and isolating risks to your PC. In that sense, Bitdefender is great and worth buying.Unfortunately for Bitdefender, Microsoft finally figured out that they need to do something about Windows security. Microsoft Security Essentials (MSE) is now available for free download from the Microsoft website and is better than Bitdefender in a number of ways:1) MSE is free.2) MSE doesn't hog PC resources ... so your computer doesn't slow down because of the anti-virus software.3) MSE is easier to manage because it integrates well with Windows.Bitdefender identified all of the test viruses and adware I intentionally tried to expose my PC to, but why pay money for software if there is something else that does essentially the same thing for free? One advantage that Bitdefender has over MSE is that Bitdefender runs a full system scan faster than MSE, but Bitdefender also consumes more system resources ... so your computer slows down when Bitdefender is running a full scan.Bottom line, there's nothing wrong with this software but I just can't recommend it now that Microsoft Security Essentials is available.
I have no worldly idea how many software packages I installed over the past 25 years or more; however, not one has been as troublesome as this one has been.  After deleting other security programs and attempts at installing Bitdefender I finally installed it on the Vista laptop.  Every attempt to install it on an XP machine resulted in my failure.  I quickly say that I do not blame the software.  I blame myself for the failure for not getting it on the XP.  Any number of unknown issues may have caused the failure.  As far as the laptop's use with Bitdefender my only complaint is that it does slow the machine's operation some but not enough for it to be an issue.  The program must work with few problems.  I have not been hacked, phished etc and therefore it does what it says at least on one machine.Bottom line:  it works but I cannot recommend it highly.
Good product. Over all it is an above average product, when compared to all thhe other products in this line.Does what it is supposed to do. No major problems.
I had installed Bitdefender on both my PC and my Mom's PC.  After a few weeks it became clear that something was wrong.  On a reboot, or resume from hibernation, there were occasions when the bitdefender icon in the system tray would be grayed out.  Hovering over it only indicated that the process had failed to start and to reboot the system.  I went into to computer management to check the logs but Vista was not recording anything for this so i had pretty much nothing diagnostically useful.  Rather than struggle I just uninstalled it.  I also read some of the other reviews and I saw that at least two other people have reported this as an issue.  Maybe bitdefender will deal with this in an update.On the virus detection front this AV is very good.  I'm also a fan of the system scan for programs that need to be updated (even though a lot of other reviewers have complained about that).  This is critically important because many viruses gain access to systems via programs (Adobe Reader, VLC, Flash, Java, etc) that are out of date and need patches to be applied.I thought the plug-in (IE and Firefox) for scanning websites was primitive and not of much use.
Since I only had 2G of memory and I've had issues with both Zonealarm and Macafee using up a huge amount of my system resources... I was thrilled to see this offered to me.  I had already been dissatisfied with my current version of Zonealarm.  Well, this is a HUGE improvement.  Easy to work with, the program has many features that are above and beyond what the other anti-viruses offer.  Bitdefender offers lots of control by the user without being overwhelmed with information.  So expert or basic knowledge of computers, this program is for you.After having used this for a month, I highly recommend it.  It doesn't eat up my system memory like the previously mentioned programs, yet still has real-time protection like antiphishing, antivirus, email scanning, etc...  Even with all that running, it does a nice, clean job. I love the fact that the program is "smart" too.  Once you do the initial scan, the program acts intelligently and recognizes files that it has already scanned and deemed safe. So the scans are easier as you go along.  Of course, you have varying levels of system scans you can do, as well... and you can also turn off the "safe files" function.  Highly recommend, well worth the price!!**************After more than a year of using it, I was happy with it for about a year before multiple "updates" that just really made it have constant errors and issues.  The newest version of Bitdefender is WAY too complicated for my computer, and the one great thing I loved about it (that it was easy on the computer!) became an issue. I don't know why every anti-virus place has to over complicate things!  So frustrating.
This product didn't work for me.  The installation took over an hour and I kept thinking it was locked up but eventually it would move on.  Once installed, it would not activate.  I contacted Customer Service and when they got back to me (through email from Romania) they said it was likely their servers.  The next day I tried again and it was successful.  Once activated, I had glitches with the registry cleaner and a couple other features...they would not work.  I'd click on them and there was half the screen missing and no "next" button to continue on.  I contacted customer service again after a week's back and forth through email they wanted to hook up remote to my computer to look around and that wasn't for me. While it was on my computer it would randomly say that they had turned it off and it would be grayed out.  I just didn't feel like it was protecting my computer, so that combined with the glitches and slow response from customer service made me uninstall it and go back to Kaspersky.
I have been a computer user for over 17 years and have always used a variety of different anti-virus software to protect my PC. I have had a few spyware and viruses on my computer over the years. My favorite anti-virus, the one I felt really took care of business, is Kasparksy's. I have also had good protection with Malware Malbytes, which is entirely free.What I've never had happen was that the computer actually malfunctioned because of the anti-virus on it.Prior to installation of BitDefender, I ran all maters of other anti-virus software to make sure my computer didn't have anything on it. I then uninstalled all of the software, to make sure that BitDefender "played nice" with my computer. Once I installed BitDefender on Custom setting, I ran each of the scans (anti-virus, anti-phishing, etc.). None of them yielded any problems. The only pop up I kept getting is a reminder to install and updated version of Windows Live Messenger, a program I never use. I proceeded to uninstall Windows Live Messenger and yet BitDefender would still tell me to update it.It also wanted me to change the password, calling it not secure enough. It then proceeded to freeze my computer and my Bluetooth wireless keyboard actually malfunctioned and I had to fix that.Now, I'd like to give BitDefender the benefit of the doubt, which is why I'm rating this product 3 stars. Perhaps there were other factors that led me to lose bluetooth connectivity, perhaps the freezing of the computer was in no way dependent on my refusal to change the password. And because my computer was and is virus free, it's hard to acurately judge whether BitDefender is doing its job.Still, one can't help but wonder at the connection of installing BitDefender Anti-Virus 2010 and having the computer slow down to a halt.Edit: My computer is actually virus-free (i ran Kasparsky on it and it came up clean.
Touted as a complete protection software, Bitdefender is designed to protect against viruses, spyware, phishing attacks, identity theft, and more. Like other protective software, this product periodically scans your computer to find potential threats and eliminate them before they become serious problems.Plenty of anti- virus software exists, but what got me interested in Bitdefender was its other features- particularly those that protect against identity theft. I do lots of online shopping, banking, and other transactions and while I haven't had a problem yet, I always hesitate- even if only for a second- to enter my credit card number or bank account number. A little more peace of mind is nice, and Bitdefender promised to provide this added level of security I felt I needed.Starting from the installation, everything seemed to work fine. It didn't take long at all to get my computer up and running with Bitdefender in place, protecting against attack. Scans are convenient, in that they run in the background while you continue to use your pc. They do, however, make a small difference in pc speed. I can tell when a scan is running because internet pages do not load as quickly as before. Still, the reduction in speed is not that bad and it was something I could tolerate.Protective software such as this is supposed to capture problems and eliminate them and Bitdefender does perform its main task. However, one aspect of this product that bothers me is that it doesn't go out of its way to warn you that a threat has been found. With other, similar software, there are constant messages and reminders to take care of the problem immediately. With Bitdefender, you have to remember to open the program to check for the problems. This is one quality of Bitdefender I wish was different. I often check anyway, just to be safe, but I would prefer my protective software warn me when a problem exists so I can take immediate action. I also get a little annoyed with Bitdefenders constant reminders to change passwords that it considers too simple and likely for someone to crack. I can agree with some of the suggestions, but this is one area in which I don't need constant reminders.It is important to protect your personal data when you use the internet and Bitdefender seems to be a good product for this purpose. Is it much better than other software of the same type? I don't think so, but I agree that it is an acceptable product that is certainly better than nothing and that does a decent job finding potential problems on your personal computer and keeping your identity safe from harm.
I used this product for a PC with a virus infection that was being detected, but not healed, by AVGFree. As recommended, I uninstalled AVGFree from the PC, as more than 1 antivirus programs is NOT a good idea. I installed this product and, to my disappointment, it didn't even detect the virus. At least AVGFree knew that something was wrong! I must say, however, that this type of product is likely meant to protect computers from getting infections, not to heal existing infections, so perhaps my review on this aspect is too harsh. Also, the installation was a bit of a headache, and the PC seemed to run noticeably slower with BitDefender running, as if too many system resources were being used. Finally, the scan time was quite long, especially considering that the infection wasn't even detected. I hate to say it, but sometimes free is better!
Don't get me wrong, I tried the BD Internet Security and really liked it.  Too bad my version was just a month-trial.  Then I got this version to review, removed old anti-virus software, and installed this one.  It quickly downloaded and scanned my computer.  Nothing was found.Like another reviewer wrote, sometimes this program runs for hours scanning without finding anything, yet I get messages saying my system is at risk.  What's up with that?  It tells me my passwords are weak.  I don't do any financial work on my computer.  All I have are travel photographs I spend hours enhancing.My computer seems a little slower than usual now that this system has been installed.  I didn't notice any slowdown on the BD Internet version.  I have no problem downloading music, etc, what is slow now is getting into my email or to even open a website.I do like the working board.  It's very user friendly.  And I don't get those annoying pop-ups telling me a new virus has been found.  Still, somehow this program seems a little inefficient after having tried other programs, but...you get what you paid for.  For the price this product does OK, and is good enough for those of us who don't open rogue websites/ scam email, surf for porn or do message chat.  That's were the bulk of one's virus can be found.
I really wanted to like this product and tried very diligently to get it to work correctly.  It has a nice clean interface (although not Windows standard) and the initial install went well.  It has 3 types of scans (quick, system and deep).  One flaw is that the program lets you launch more than one scan at a time, which slows all the scans down, although they still do run together.  The program also provides active protection against both viruses and spyware.  I didn't try the quick scan, but did do a system scan that seemed to work okay.  The deep scan froze my system twice, so I had to give up and uninstall the product.  I had a lot of problems getting it to work at all initially and had to reboot my system at least 3 or 4 times before it looked like it was finally working correctly.  Another thing I did not like is that it automatically installed a toolbar in both Internet Explorer and Firefox, without my permission, even though I picked the customized install.  The product checks for Windows updates and includes the optional ones in a list, which threw me off a bit.  You decide if you want to install them or not.  Initially the product did not think I had a network connection when I really did; the rebooting solved that.  Registration with BitDefender is mandatory for the product to work, although they do give you a number of days.  Online support appears to require that you download and run two different utilities that gather information; then you send the info that the programs gather along with your problem to them.  To me that seemed like too much to ask.  After I registered and went to their website, it showed my country of registration as Senegal.  Don't know what that was all about. Easily correctable, but shows a lack of attention to detail by the vendor.  I also had a problem for a while with the product not responding correctly and giving the error: "BitDefender Services are not responding."  Apparently this was a big issue in prior versions, but it is supposed to have been solved in the 2010 version.  Maybe.  It went away after a couple of reboots, so perhaps it was just temporary.  Have seen a lot of glowing reviews for this product, but one would be wise to make sure you can get your money back if it does not work for you.  In defense of the product perhaps some of the issues were because I did not remove my prior antivirus program before installing this one, as instructed, but that shouldn't be necessary AS LONG AS both programs are not active at the same time.  The other one was shut down before testing BitDefender and should not have caused interference.  Also another possible plus is that BitDefender is supposed to work on Windows 7, whereas some antivirus products don't yet.  Couldn't test it, as the offical Win 7 release is not out until October 22.  For me, BitDefender just required too much tweaking to get it to work right.  I'll test it again with Win 7 and see if I have any better luck.  It looks like a good product, but I think it needs a little work.  I don't know how effective it is in preventing malware, as I don't have a good way to test that.
Ok let me start by stating that the computer I installed this on is an ultra portable pc running Windows Vista.  The processor is only 800 mhz with 1GB RAM so I was a  bit concerned about not having enough resources even though Bitdefender says the minimum requirements are exactly what I have.  While the program does indeed work on my computer, there were enough problems and annoyances to prevent this from being a truely great product.*** Positive Points Include: ***- Very minimal system requirements so it works decently well on micro computers and UMPCs- Uses little system resources- Good price for a 3 system license- Can disable some of the automatic features so it is great for power users.*** Negative Points Include: ***- Installation  was not smooth and was a bit vague though it did smooth over after a few restarts.- Scanning your computer still eats up a ton of resources.  Why can't companies that make antiviral software make the programs use less resources during a scan?- Interface is not the best.  It is simple but it is not necessarily pretty, I guess it helps cut down on the usage of system resources so it may be worth it.- Crashed my computer on a few occasions until I finally switched to game/ portable mode which inactivates the monitoring.  The problems corrected themselves after some restarts.- Instant messenger encryption is not really a needed add on for an antivirus program- Some of the warnings and alerts are unnecessary and can confuse non-technical folksOverall:  The protection provided is reasonable and decent for the money.  Unfortunately the installation and overall execution need some work. Nonetheless it does the trick without using excess resources like other antivirus programs.
BitDefender Antivirus 2010 was all that we expected it to be. Although installation did take a little longer than we anticipated but it was not overly burdensome. It provides users with enough options to satisfy advanced users while at the same time is simple enough that it can be used right after install with no configuration required.  As far as its ability to protect it did manage to catch numerous threats on our computer and prevented several more from even making it onto our PC.Customer service for this product is better than most. All the questions that we had were answered in timely and in polite manners. The only facet that we felt was a letdown was the knowledge base which, to us, seemed to be very short on the amount of information available.BitDefender Antivirus 2010 is a great product with a competitive price tag. It offers something for everyone in regards to customization and usability. Overall we have to say this software is a good choice for all users and would make a good addition to the protection of any personal computer.
Generally Bitdefender does what they claim on the package. My computer runs smoothly. It is not very expensive either. Easy to down load. Recommended.
Bit Defender Antivirus  distinguishes itself in 3 ways.  It is low cost protection, it catches a very high percentage of viruses (96 percent according to PC World) and it is highly and easily customizable.  (to be fair Bit Defender also scores high on false positives from what I have read)I installed this on my Vista PC.  You get a wealth of installation choices, depending on your skill level.  It can be as easy or as complex as you desire and it is easy to decide which installation and feature set would be right for you.Be aware that Bit Defender will automatically disable your Windows Defender spy ware program.  I am extremely careful where my computer goes and Bit Defender has never detected a virus or a piece of malware on my machine so I can't comment personally on it's effectiveness.  What I CAN tell you is the scan was very quick compared to the AVS free edition I had previously used.  However I do seem to notice somewhat slower performance in the computer overall since installing Bit Defender.The features of the program are numerous but  the one that actually impressed me the MOST was the free 24/7 phone support.  Just try that with other manufacturers and see how much money you will spend.To me, virus protection programs are not all that interesting. They either work or they don't. They either tie up your computer resources and slow you down or they don't.  Honestly, I can't speak for the effectiveness of this program in removing viruses as it hasn't found any yet on my machine, but I can say that my computer runs much faster with AVS free and with the new Windows Security Essentials (free) that I am now running.
When it has came down to computer safety, we honestly need much more of it than we honestly ever know. With a new anti-virus program called Bitdefender, it is honestly a very easy to program and setup from start to finish. But when it has came down to it, there are a few problems with it. It honestly doesn't work as well with Windows XP, as it is tuned more strongly with Vista or the upcoming Windows 7. The only gripe is if you have Windows XP in your computer, you honestly would need to upgrade your computer memory and speed because it would honestly work much better with the anti-virus program. Otherwise, you'd be much better off with other getting another brand like CA or Norton, because it would work much better with that version. It does however handle well with Netbooks, just as much as regular everyday computers too, if you're planning on buying one. Still, Bitdefender Anti-Virus 2010 isn't a bad software that helps you protect your computer, but it could've had more than meets the eye.Price: B-Setup: C+Overall: C+
I suppose that any antivirus software is better than none.  However, with the rise of Microsoft's free antivirus solution these "generic" virus scanners have a lot less value.If I were going to run a separate antivirus scanner it would probably be something like McAfee or Kaspersky.  McAfee because it has a really good proactive scanner for web surfing.  And Kaspersky because they have some very innovative "sandboxing" technology that I really like.I think the time of vanilla scanners like this has passed.
This was easy to install and set up and I haven't had any problems with viruses, but it's significantly slowed down my computer. I'd look for something better.
The product is neither especially good or bad. It is basically comparable to other products for detecting viruses. The installation process seems overly long, and its attempt to remove other antivirus/security programs is hilarious and dubious at the same time. I guess it is natural that its coders would want to remove other competing products. No doubt they would also claim that some of these might actually be viruses [or worms] masquerading as legitimate products. But the attempted automatic removal of other antivirus code is troubling. Think about it. Do you really want this program to have carte blanche about removing arbitrary code on your machine? Especially if such code is known to you as good antivirus code. If nothing else, you might want to have several such products on the same computer, for comparative testing.Regarding the detection of new viruses by behavioural means - This is and cannot be 100% effective. There is the chance of false positives and negatives. If the threshold for suspicious activity is set too aggressively, then innocent code can get nuked. Although, to be fair to the product, behavioural detection is an open ended problem, that can be highly subjective when analysing some programs.Bitdefender also surely takes up much [too much?] of the CPU. A reflection of the complexity of the analysis, but perhaps also of inefficient coding of this product? Obviously, we cannot know for sure, because the vendor keeps the code proprietary, and assuming we don't go to the extent of running a decompiler. Just something to consider.
This product seemed pretty typical for anti-virus protection.  I did not see any benefits or downfalls of this product when compared to Norton or McAfee products I have used in the past.  From my experience with this product and its competitors, price point should be the deciding factor.I have ZERO complaints with this product.  Seems well designed and functions as intended.
This is definitely a slightly better product than Bitdefender Total Security 2010. It does not seem to slow the computer or interfere with other applications. what I don't like about it is that whenever it updates it has to shut down and you  must scan your computer every 7 days otherwise there will be a warning about it.I do not like the features, you cannot really control the firewall because it is a "on/off" option, the options for scanning are limited.On the good side, scanning does not take long and your computer does not slows down.Overall, I regret not having Kasperski on my computer.
I installed this software on a Toshiba Satellite computer running Windows Vista, with 2 GB memory. The installation process was slower than I expected for a security suite and took about 30 minutes to complete with the software running in the background so I could go on to other tasks. I did not notice any considerable slow down in the overall operation of the computer, however my Internet is running slower, to the point that I don't like it. This is fine for an easy solution to security for the average computer user, however I would like stick with the various free programs that are available for computer security. It takes a bit more to install them all and keep them running and current, but having the ability to run them on my own I would not continue paying for this product. This is one step down from Kaspersky security products and one step up from Norton (in my book).
I've used BitDefender for about 4 years and have generally been happy with it. I primarily use it for the AV and firewall modules. Two year license for three computers is a plus.The interface for the program is pretty straight forward for the most part, and the installation went smoothly. I have it set up for advanced users so I have more control over the settings.I have the firewall set up to let me know when a program tries to connect to the internet, and I am surprised at how many try to phone home, even if "automatically check for updates" is turned off.The AV seems to work well...almost too well. This version gives lots of false positives that it never gave before. For example:BitDefender has blocked a potentially malicious or infected application.Windows Installer-UnicodeApplication: E:\WIND0WS\system\msiexec.exeBitDefender has blocked a potentially malicious or infected application.PaperPortApplication: E:\Program Files\PaperPort\PaprPort. exeBitDefender has blocked a potentially malicious or infected application.InstallShieldApplication: E:DOCUME~\USER\LOCALS~1 \Temp\_ js24. exeI have several more like this. I tell BD to allow the program and I have no problems. The daily scan finds no problems, either.It has also told me it has found viruses, but when I check them out on BD's own site I find nothing.It does also seems to slow the system down following the daily scan, requiring a reboot.As others have stated, Tech Suppport is slow and spotty.Still, I prefer BD to other programs I have tried.
So far I have had good and limited luck with Bit Defender Internet Security 2010. I am both a Mac and Windows user and run both Operating Systems on my Mac Book Pro. When I launch Windows XP natively on my Mac via Boot Camp Bit Defender Internet Security runs fine. When I launch the same windows partition using Parallels and run it virtually the main virus scanner will not run, and Bit Defender tells me to restart the machine, which I can do until infinity and the program will not launch properly. I tried re-installing the program several times, with no luck. This is the ONLY Windows program I ever had a problem running in Parallels for Mac, so it is definitely an issue with this program, and not Windows or Parallels. For that, I have to drop the program down a star.I was previously using the free version of Avira AntiVir Personal - FREE Antivirus which I thought did a great job for a free program. It caught quite a few trojans. So far Bit Defender Internet Security 2010 has not caught any viruses. I am not sure if that is good news or bad news. For now I will assume it is good news. I did not notice any difference in speed from the Avira after installing this program. That is definitely good news. Other security suites have bogged me down in the past, the worst being Norton, but most recently McAfee. Both tend to be resource hogs. Bit Defender does not appear to be that much of a resource hog. In fact the only program that runs if you examine task manager is the seccenter.exe. If you look carefully however, there are two programs added to the startup: BD Agent and Bit Defender Antiphishing Filter. That still isn't so bad.Before the program would install it told me to remove other security solutions that were installed on the PC. Knowing that there would be a conflict, all previous software was removed prior to this installation as well as their files and registry keys. The program showed five blank areas with remove buttons that did nothing, so I proceeded. It took about three and a half minutes before it said it needed to be rebooted. Upon reboot I noticed the Bit Defender icon on the desktop and an icon in the toolbar at the bottom right corner. Installation of the program does not take long but before you begin you must enter the serial number that Bit Defender provided, and then register with them. The "configuration wizard" helps you select the best options for your own personal taste.  The first question that it asks you is what best matches your PC: Typical, Parent, Gamer or Custom, then if you are on a  home network of if you are using a laptop. Even a monkey could answer that question.  Next, it wants to know what type of user you are: Novice, Intermediate, or Expert. I am pretty savvy, so I chose expert.The Parental Control functions were next (which I don't use, so that was skipped for me), and then the Home Management functions which allows you control scanning and settings for other Bit Defender enabled PC's from your PC. You need to enter a password to use this function.After the questions were answered, the installer said it would download updates, which installed quickly and were successful, and then do a quick scan. It also gave you the option to schedule a scan every day if you wished at a specific time. Once I hit finish it proceeded with a "Quick System Scan". I'm not sure who's definition of quick the program was using, since the scan took about 30 minutes to complete. There are five types of scans that you can choose, or create your own: Deep System Scan, System Scan, Quick System Scan, Auto Logon Scan and My Documents. Since I already performed the "Quick" scan, I choose the Deep System Scan this time. It took two hours and fifteen minutes to scan the entire computer which is about average. The results summary has some odd wording: Resolved Items (which are viruses or undesirable files that BitDefender disposed of on its own, Unresolved Items (which you have to look at and decided how to take care of, password protected items, Ignored items (why?), and Failed items (huh?) The scan found quite a few ignored items, though I'm not sure why yet.I think Bit Defender needs to work a little more on what exactly is going on here after the scan.The firewall in Bit Defender pretty much leaves you alone in the default setting. A box pops up indicating a rule has been created for a specific program when it is run and the program thinks it is ok. If it senses something phishy it prompts you to see if it's ok to allow. There are also pop up's when it scans your incoming and outgoing email for viruses to let you know it it there doing it's thing.When you insert a flash drive or other removable media it asks you if you wish to scan the drive or not too, but if you don't want to see that pop up you can turn it off if you wish.Overall Bit Defender seems to run smoothly, using few resources and works in the background for the most part, only bugging you when it needs to. I use it on my older PC with 2 GB of RAM and does not slow it down, I took it off my Mac, since I tend to run Windows using Parallels quite often and cannot compromise my system to be without virus software in Windows for a minute.
I installed this product on my backup laptop as I didn't want to replace my active security software. I've tried Trend and Kaspersky and use those programs as a baseline for comparison. In general, Bitdefender stacks up well to both of those products.  The user interface is easy to use and navigate. Configuring my settings was pretty straightforward although I had to do some digging to figure out how to protect my wireless home network. Once done it does a good job of identifying when unknown computers try to access the network. Scanning the hard drive (80gb) took about 20-30 minutes but that's about par for all of the programs I've used. Biddefender identified a few tracking cookies and I had the option to get rid of them, leave them, quarantine, etc. I would recommend this product for a nice, solid, easy to use security program if your computing needs are not too complex. I believe it will protect you from almost all known threats and you can keep it updated throughout the life of your subscription. You can also install it on 3 systems, which is a nice addition.
I was not impressed with some of the reviews on this product; however, so far I have not noticed any of the problems as other people have listed. It downloads easily and is very easy to understand and work with. Appears to provide an array of coverage options, unlike my McAfee that has been giving me issues since I installed the 2009 version. The 3 user and 2 year subscription is a great benefit.
This is a very good value in the internet security realm. You get protection for 3 pc's  for 2 years. Can't beat that for the price. Most other security suited will charge you the same price as this for 1 pc for 1 year.This has it all, a virus checker, firewall, instant messenger protection, as well as parental control features. It also has spyware protection, antispam, and a gamers mode.It installs and updates easily, and has different modes of operation depending on the users computing experience. The interface is easy to use for all the modes, and pretty intuitive. The games mode effectively lets everything through, so it should be used sparingly.I didn't get a chance to test the parental controls, as I have no kids around, and have no need to restrict browsing. The software will install on netbooks and works with windows 7, so it's pretty much ready for the next few years of hardware.It protects your email and has identity protection also, to help against those phishing attempts.The notebook mode helps save the battery life as well, which is always welcome. This version seems a little slower than some other suites I have used, but is still usable.
This is a decent security program.  Has great security features, such as dialed in WIFI protection for public/campus WIFI and allowing you to fine tune those WIFI connections.  Overall the program is easy to use and will protect your computer---but at the cost of being bulking and making your computer run a little slow.  I think there are better programs out there that do the same thing and don't make your computer run slow.
So far my experience with Bitdefender has been a good one. The software installed and updated in about 10-15 minutes and was up and running in a decent amount of time. I first put it on an old Dell laptop with a P3 800MHZ processor and 512Mb of ram. It did surprisingly well for such an old system. The software itself, in laptop mode, doesn't eat up that many resources and it's presence is hardly noticed running in the background. However when doing a system scan, like any other antivirus software, the computer is best left to do its thing. Otherwise you'll give yourself a headache trying to navigate around and just make the scanning take longer. Now I have to admit for the price it's a pretty good deal for 3 users and 1 year but it's by far not the best Virus Scan Software out there. The interface is easy to use and the virus scan finds most things. However it doesn't protect against some known spyware (Antivirus 2009). Still, you get a pretty good deal. The only problems I've experienced are when updating once the program encountered an unknown error and needed to be restarted during an update. An error report was sent and the problem has not yet happened again. The interface is also a little cheap looking but that shouldn't affect the performance. Overall it's a good value but if you want tougher protection go with the ones that have been in the business for awhile.
I briefly tried this software as a less expensive alternative to the higher priced, more widely used anti-virus software.  It seemed to work ok, but it wasn't clear if it was keeping up with all the latest threats as quickly as the other well known brands.It seemed to big down my Internet surfing some, but not horribly.I have since gone to using one of the more well known brands.
I installed this product on a Windows 7 Professional OS laptop.  It has a nice interface but has one major flaw for a person with firewall techincal knowledge and that is that you cannot designate IP addresses that can pass through the firewall unless you have the product on the other machines and then the capability is limited.  I have worked in the computer security field for over 30 years and for me this product is inadequate.  That is not to say that it is a bad product.  If you are n average user with no knowledge of IP addressing then this is a very nice product.
I enjoy the Photoshop Elements series - and PSE8 does not disappoint. I primarily use the Organizer and Adobe Raw editor, both of which are simply wonderful to work with. 5 stars for PSE8.If you are looking for a home video editor, check out Video Studio Pro X3 or Pinnacle Ultimate 14. Premiere Elements 8 is slow, buggy, and simply annoying to use. It also does not seem to matter how powerful a machine you provide this software.Happy Editing!
Two things have changed since I gave Adobe Premiere Elements 8 only one star last December:- Adobe released a patch which actually helps with stability- DRM has been modified for the betterThis product comes with DRM. For me that's one of the most important aspects in a piece of software. Presence of a limited number of activations means that I do not get to actually own the program. I suppose I could handle 1 such scheme: product activation of Windows. But if every minor software out there required activation, then working on PCs would be a major hassle.Here are a few details about the DRM used by Adobe CS4 and Elements 8 products:- Earlier this year Adobe removed the deactivation limit on all their current products (before this move you could only deactivate the software a maximum of 20 times before becoming useless). This is a good thing, I suppose.- Internet activation is NOT required. The software activates automatically, but only if it detects an internet connection. If your PC does not have a net connection you can still run the software. Not sure if it stops working after a certain period though.- There is still no way to reclaim activations lost on broken PCs. Which means you will have to call and beg Adobe to grant you the ability to use the software which you paid for.Stability-wise, Premiere Elements has improved a lot with patch 8.0.1 (at least on my system). It crashes sometimes when I exit the program, but it's not a huge problem since I'm done with editing at that point. Before the patch the program would crash when scrolling down the Effects window, but now it doesn't. Which means the patch does fix a few things. And hey, the mere existence of patch proves that Adobe is at least listening.There is no patch for Photoshop Elements though, and the first few times I ran the program I experienced an annoying issue: The cursor would change to an "hourglass" non-stop every 1 second or so (as if the program was reading a lot of small files). It stopped happening the fifth time I launched the program. So I supposed for now it's nothing more than an annoyance.Also, here is a tip: if you want to skip the annoying welcome screen and just open the editor, you need to change the shortcut targets (right click on shortcut icon, select "Properties", and then manually edit the "Target" and "Start In" fields). Not sure why Adobe doesn't give an easy option to skip that, but here's the solution:- For Premiere, change the target from "../Adobe Premiere Elements 8.0.exe" to "../Adobe Premiere Elements.exe"- For Photoshop, change the target from  "../Elements Organizer 8/Photoshop Elements 8.0.exe" to "../Photoshop Elements 8/PhotoshopElementsEditor.exe"and the Start-in field from "../Elements Organizer 8/" to "../Photoshop Elements 8/"It's a shame that I am forced to award these products with only 3 stars, because these are the best in their category. The stability issues are minor (with the patch), and I could have easily given them 5 stars if it wasn't for the DRM. Adobe, please remove the activation or at least give us the ability to deactivate broken PCs. The only thing DRM accomplishes is scare away potential customers. DRM-free software is what made you reach your current status to begin with. There is no need to punish your paying customers for actually buying your products.
Three stars for this bundle, but only because Photoshop Elements works great. This version of  Premiere Elements is trouble from the start, and because this is a bundled package, I would recommend not buying it because of Premiere.  If you need Photo editing software, and want Photoshop Elements then a stand alone version of the software would be fine.  I would recommend downloading the new trial versions from Adobe, one at a time, to test compatibility on your system and get familiar with it before paying out of pocket.  Be sure to check for updates as well.Photoshop Elements is a pretty powerful program with a lot of neat features including face recognition that works well after you tag individuals in your photo catalog.  The features for recomposing your photos are also easy to use with impressive results.  I use an older version of Adobe Photoshop, but have never used an Elements version before this, and I was surprised at the number of features that this program had.  Everything I used from the older full Photoshop version is here, plus a host of newer editing capabilities. I have no need to upgrade my full version of Photoshop (plus I do use other photo and video editing software as well).Premiere Elements, in my experience, is a slow, unstable and undependable program, and is reason enough not to buy this specific bundle.  I found it awkward to navigate, and was unable to complete many features without it locking up or crashing my computer. Even after updating the software, it still will not capture video, and when working with video clips from other sources, it is unbelievably slow.  I would suggest that you look into Corel Video Studio or other programs before considering this one -or at least compare their trial version to Adobe's trial version.Thumbs up for Photoshop Elements 8. Thumbs down for Premiere Elements 8.  Maybe 9 will be better, but try out the trial version first.
Have been using this for a couple of weeks and am very satisfied with the performance of Photoshop Elements.  Premiere however could use some improvement.  I installed the Adobe patch as soon as I had installed the program.  I experienced no problems with crashing on a Win 7 64 bit system.  The "user friendliness" of the software could use some improvement however. It is nowhere as easy to get up and running like a program like Sony Vegas Pro for example.
Nice program, it works pretty good,but I really can't see any improvement over elements 7.Also this program can be a little complicated for the beginner to use. I also have elements 7 so lI'm not a total beginner but for someone just getting started you're going to have to spend a little timefiguring everything out.
Premiere Elements 8,  Not Bad for the needs of an average FAMILY .........BUT  ............If you're using an AVCHD camcorder I wouldn't buy this item, try something else like Sony Vegas that is known to be compatible with the AVCHD format.I really REALLY wanted to like this bundled software but I have to  say that as for the Adobe Premiere Elements 8 software, it really has some significant design FLAWS ... It continually freezes and crashes on my new 2009 2.66 Quad-core computer system. I would recommend anyone serious about Windows based video editing to check out Sony's Vegas 9.0 Pro. It hasn't' ever crashed on me while in the middle of an editing session and has proved itself reliable over & over again... At the very least before buying this at least go to the Adobe website & check out the trial download first. Read the info on the Adobe forums, (depending on your computer system) there are some easy fixes, DEPENDING on what is causing your problem.....Adobe Photoshop ....Now there are many ups and downs of  Adobe PhotoShop Elements 8, the first improvement is the buttons on the welcome screen "Edit" and "Organize". This is a DRASTIC improvement from the previous version! It allows you to organize you photos and edit them at the same time, so when you get back from your family vacation, you can edit all your pictures,(which they have some really cool effects, like color, contrast, and lighting adjustments, and it can even whiten teeth! Eat your heart out Crest white Strips!! LOL ) and then sort out your pictures accordingly! Now the flaws of this program is that it takes F-O-R-E-V-E-R to edit multiple pictures!  I mean get ready to have "Loading Editor Workspace" burnt into your screen! So the summary of  Adobe Photo shop Elements 8 is that it's great for editing single photos, but for anything more, look for a different program. IMO  :-)
The first issue I have is that the Photoshop Element, on the surface, doesn't seem a great deal different than earlier versions I have, basically the versions that came without additional cost with my digital cameras. There are more templates, a few easier ways to manage things, but over all I cannot see that huge of a difference from say PhotoShop Elements 5.0 and 8.0. There are differences, again, where 8.0 seems a little faster, has a few more options but I can't see myself running out and actually paying for the price difference and not feeling a little disappointed.  It's certainly not the most expensive product on the market, but for some reason I just expected more than the program that comes with most cameras. There are more advanced versions of Photoshop out there, and maybe those are the ones for me.So for people who have older versions, unless you're having OS compatibility issues, I don't honestly see a reason to upgrade. Now if you have something you are not happy with, Kodak Gallery for instance, then this might be a better option. I find this product easier to use and capable of doing a bit more. There are, as I mentioned, more templates, and a few more options than I remember with Kodak's software (my mother uses this). The problem is its all pretty much menu driven meaning you're spending a fair amount of time searching for what you want. Like all menus, use it enough and this will be second nature in no time. It's not a bad menu system just a little annoying to get through. The other issue is the stuff that is easy to get to, sort of in your face, aside from the login nagging, is the tabs to share and auto-fix. The auto-fix options seem pretty good to me but again moving into the fine tuning is menu driven, and it's a pretty bland menu. A few clicks here and there though and you get to the workspace where you can really start messing around. This is the area I wish it would default too and probably with some effort, I could get it to do that.  I probably will get around to it. It's not a bad program, I just question the value. I would also like to point out that I had the program crash on me a few times. My computer is self-built and well beyond required specifications on a Win 7 64 OS. Each time it crashed, it did allow me to send Adobe the error log, so it wasn't a hard crash that "bothered" Windows or forced me to hard reset. It is just a little less stable than I hoped. Admittedly, I was putting this program through the ringer and running it alongside some other programs and seeing if it could handle running alongside elements. The crashing might have resulted from that.That was Photoshop, now onto elements. I have a few video editing software packages so I wanted to see what Premiere Elements could do for me that the others could not. The first thing I did was have it auto-analyze one of my videos, about a 30 minute program. I regretted this almost immediately. It took forever to run and is very CPU intensive. I mean this thing took so long I thought the program had locked since the progress bar didn't move at all for almost 30 minutes. I wish there had been some sort of indication that it was working, even a cursor that turned or something. So after two hours of auto-analyzing, I got the box that said the process was done... and then right after that, it crashed to desktop. It was a complete waste of time as I didn't even get to explore that feature fully. I was also unwilling to run it again that night. The best way for me to describe Premiere is basically slow on every aspect. It was slow to load. Then when I thought Adobe automatically saved the analyzer, I tried to organize and edit those tagged scenes, and it crashed again.Overall I was pretty disappointed with this package deal. I found Pinnacle to be easier to use in that it actually worked, was faster and did what I wanted it to do in a very intuitive and simple manner. I just know that under the obtuse UI that Adobe has some powerful tools, I am just going to have to work harder to stabilize it on my machine. It will also take some work to dig deeper.  At least with Photoshop, I was able to use the software and do some nice edits. That part of the suite was pretty good, again stability issues but I am convinced it's something I can fix.  My only beef with Photoshop is for people that already have a version or something else pretty robust. If you don't, well it's pretty good. As for Premiere... meh, this will take work to get it to do anything.
My review is primarily about Photoshop Elements (not Premiere Elements).  I usually get the bundle because I always think I'm going to start editing videos but I never do.I've used Photoshop Elements since version 2.  Each upgrade adds some new features--but the question for me is always is it worth the money for each additional upgrade?  I've found over the years that I could skip every other upgrade and it would be fine . . . except, I teach digital photography classes so I always need the most current version.Looking at the chart provided in the Product Description lets you see the new features.  I was only interested in the new editing features which I have outlined below.1. "Recompose your photos to any size without distorting key subjects." Looks neat, but I'm not sure I'll use it much.  I could easily live without this feature and save my money.2. "Create perfectly lit shots with Photomerge technology."  I like this one, but keep in mind that you basically have to have two exposures of the exact same scene (use a tripod) for this to work well.3. "Preview a range of adjustments before choosing the best one."  I'm not sure exactly what this means.  Perhaps there is a special window that comes up, but I haven't found it yet.Bottomline:  If I didn't need to stay current I would stay with Elements 7 and upgrade when Element 9 comes out.Update added Feb. 11, 2010.  There is a glitch with this program when using a Wacom tablet.  The pressure sensitivity often does not work when using the brush tool.  If you run an internet search you will see that this is happening to others as well.  I've tried numerous things to fix it but it still doesn't work.  So, I went back to using Elements 7.  (P.S. The same thing is happening with my computer and CS4--so I had to go back to using CS3 as well!  Extremely disappointed!)I changed my 5 star rating to 3 stars.
Let's start off with what's not so good...- This is not as feature-rich as the Sony and Corel &lt;$100 alternatives.- Might not be stable in all configurations.  Other reviewers have reported hangs and crashes.  While I haven't seen this even though I'm using an NVIDIA graphics card (identified in other reviews as the culprit) it's still a possibility.- Like all other video processing software pachages, this runs better on faster hardware.  Don't consider it on a 1.6 GHz laptop unless you have a lot of spare time on your hands.  (That said, the interface is well suited to a laptop's smaller screen.)What is good:- Integrates nicely with Photoshop Elements 8.- More user friendly than the Sony and Corel &lt;$100 alternatives.-  Even though there are fewer features than the competition what is there is very well done and may certaily be all that's needed.Bottom line:There is a limited capability demo available at the Adobe site.  Download it and give this a try.  If you are satisfied with the capabilites and it runs on your hardware then this could very well be your best choice.
I didn't have the installation problems that others seemed to have. But I didn't think the software was that good either. It was not very intuitive to use and I had difficulty editing jpeg files for some reason. I'm not sure if was my Windows XP PC that was causing the problem. But I ended up moving to Adobe Photoshop which I didn't have any problems with at all.
&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Somewhat recommended, with reservations and only lukewarm fuzzies.You get a basic set of common photo editing functions packaged in an easy-to-use program, albeit one that runs slowly and carries a lot of overhead with it.  Installation of the software seemed to take forever (it felt like I was installing a whole suite of software!).  And perhaps because of all that overhead, the software as a whole runs pretty slow.  The user interface is slick and nicely designed.  The idea audience for this package is people new to graphics editing who take pictures with point-n-shoot cameras.  This product might even rank as 4 stars for those novices who are very new to photo editing.  But even for those people, I wonder how many of them would wish that they had more features after a few months of using this.
The price is decent enough for this basic image editing software.  I would liken it to the caliber of PhotoImpression or PictureIt.I'm not that computer savvy, but it seemed fairly self explanitory to load and use.I don't need a lot of special effects.  I just like having software that will help clean-up my photos, get rid of red eye, etc.  This seemed to fit the bill.  However, if you are looking for something more advanced, you might look elsewhere.
I think this program was intended for the young teen or elderly audience.  With its non-standard user interface (large graphics and fonts, simplified buttons and menus) and very limited functionality at least as far as editing photos, this software may yet suit its target demographic of novice or computer-illiterate users.  If all you want to do is have the computer show you your pictures, let you organize them into some sort of slide show or photo book, and then either print it or send to Facebook or YouTube, this will do it for you.  Your output may even pass for "professional-looking" as they say on the box.  Another thing that might be help for a beginner is the touch-screen capability of Windows 7.  My guess is that Corel is trying to capture the part of the user base who just wants the computer to "do what it's supposed to do without me having to learn all these codes and commands."  Fair enough.If you have any desire to edit your photos (beyond simple rotation, cropping, brightness, etc. or some common filters), or have aspirations of more detailed or personalized projects than Corel templates, then I would suggest looking somewhere else.  Photoshop Elements would certainly be a large step up in functionality.
I will admit, I had trouble getting this program registered:  the fonts were very small (6 pica?) and the print on the book wasn't much bigger.  But once I got going was pleased.This program is by no means an expansive program, but it does the basics for those (especially teens) who use small compact cameras and who want to crop, rotate, print and organize photos.  This program is not meant for the high-end professional photographer who works with RAW and multiple layers.You get what you pay for.  Although I didn't experience any slowness with my computer once I installed the program, I was satisfied.But I did like Adobe 7 more...This program is best suited for your teenager.
Corel's Photo Express is a bear on system resources for not much in return.If you're a basic user without the need for intensive photo editing, just a touch up here (red eye removal, etc.) then uploading this to the photo sharing sites, this is the tool for you. Not much else to recommend it except for perhaps the nice interface.Corel's other graphics editing packages are a much better deal functionally; skip this one.
PaintShop Photo Express 2010 is Corel's entry level photo organizer. It's easy to use and has an elegant interface.The quick fix feature is a one-touch photo correction tool that amateurs like. One click and the picture is ready to post or print. Corel's quick fix is remarkably good for most photos.You can also fine tune the brightness, highlights, shadows, and sharpness manually or have the program suggest settings and then tweak them as you desire. What is missing here (and in Picasa) is true adjustment of color.On the first time use, it scans EVERY image on the drives. You couldn't stop it! You have to wait for the program to finish. This is no good, but not terrible.In general, this software is pretty light on features and heavy demand on computer resources. For example, you can not resize or sharpen an image. And you can not change white balance/color cast, color space or printer profiles.The terrible part, as others have pointed out...this software OVERWRITES the original pictures without WARNING. I think this is a big design flaw.All in all, this is a pretty basic photo program that does a little of everything and is geared towards newbies.
There are many little irritations in this program that render it unsuitable for the advanced amateur photographer seeking an image editing software. You are much better off with Photoshop. This program is meant for folks with not much experience in digital photography and want to cede control of their images to an image management and editing package. It is however a bit slow (even in installation) and adjustments are limited if one is used to decent basic programs like Elements. Sure, red eye and teeth whitening features are nice, but they are not up to professional standards. I think this program is good if you want to slap quick photos on Facebook or Myspace (these are small and low in resolution anyway), but it is not good if you are serious about processing your images for enlargements or professional presentations. It works, but I recommend that people comparison shop other image management and editing programs out there. There are easily 2 others that are very good at this price point.
THE BOTTOM LINE:PaintShop Photo Express 2010 is Corel's entry level photo organizer and slide show maker.  It is easy to use and has a well thought out, elegant interface.  The problem is that it is relatively light on features and heavy on resources (due to eye candy) making it hard for me to recommend.I think Corel missed the mark here and should have released a more robust product that would have undercut their main competitor, Adobe Photoshop Elements (Adobe Photoshop Elements 8).  Instead, Corel aimed too low and fell short with this one.Moreover, unlike most modern programs, it overwrites your original files when editing. Please note, you are able to revert to the original from within the program, so there is a component of reversibility.  However,when you view the picture on the hard drive through another program, the changes are there.  Non-destructive editing preserves the original images in spite of changes made by an editing program and is more desirable.  Caveat emptor.THE LONG REVIEW:I am comparing this program to Google's Picasa.  Picasa is a free option that shares many features of this Corel product.  Another comparator might be Adobe's Photoshop Elements, but this product costs twice as much as Photo Express and is therefore more fully featured.The first thing you realize when you look at Corel's PaintShop Photo Express 2010 are the system requirements.  The manufacturer recommends an Intel Core duo 1.83 GHz or AMD Athlon 64 X2 3800+ 2GHz processor or higher, preferably 2 GB of RAM, and at least 4 GB of free space on your disk.  These are some heavy requirements for a basic photo editing and organizing program.  You can contrast that with Adobe's Photoshop Elements with only requires a 1.6 GHz processor, 1 GB of RAM, and 2 GB of available hard disk space.  Or Google's Picasa which requires only a lowly Pentium 300 MHz processor, 100 MB of disk space, and 256 MB of RAM.Why is so much power needed to run Photo Express?  Eye candy.  The processing power is not needed for processing, it's needed to make the interface plush with eye catching animations.  Compelling to watch, but not necessary.  It makes the program take up almost 1 GB of disk space. (You can compare that to Picasa 3's 57.5 MB!)The program installed without a hitch. (One small gripe--I hate it when the place to type the serial number is unformatted and not self correcting.  You have to type in the letters and numbers without dashes and hope for the best. If at very least, you could type in by group and/or the program would stop you if there were too many numbers it would make things easier.  It took three tries, but I finally got it.)It did, however, take quite a long time to install, by modern standards.  The first time I opened the program, it lagged a little, but subsequent openings were fast.  The first thing it does, as do most of these programs, is quickly scan your hard drive for pictures and media.  Once obtained, the pictures and media are attractively arranged by folder in chronological groups by year.  This can be changed to grouping the pictures by date along or by rating at a touch of a button.PHOTO RETOUCHINGThe whole interface is refreshingly well designed and attractive.  It almost has an Apple-like quality and simplicity.  Pictures groups are expanded by a double click.  An individual picture may be chosen by another double click and simple fixes--straightening, cropping, red eye, and 'quick fix' can be chosen by clicking on icons above the picture.NOTE:  Once a picture is fully edited, the original file is changed permanently.  This overwriting of files is uncommon these days in photo editing.  Picasa is a non-destructive photo editor, saving changes to your pictures in a separate file.  Destructive editing would make this program a deal breaker for the professional.  Amateurs and enthusiasts should be wary of this as well.Straightening and cropping are about as straight forward as could be expected.  The red eye reduction worked well with two caveats: 1) Over correcting red eye or selecting too wide an area for each eye, can cause a smeared mascara effect--darkening around the eyes; and 2) You actually have to manually resize the selection area and then manually select the eyes.  The mascara effect is a standard problem with all of these programs.  I don't want to sound overly lazy, but even the free Picasa has automatic red eye detection--no need to manually adjust to the size of the pupil and no need to manually select each pupil.  Even so, without resetting the tolerance, I was able to get near perfect red eye reduction on every photo with one click.The quick fix feature is the one-touch photo correction tool that amateurs such as myself really want a program like this for.  One click and the picture is ready to post or print.  Corel's quick fix is remarkably good for most photos.ADVANCED EDITINGIf you want more options, you can pop open menu by hovering over the 'more tools' moniker.  This brings out a side bar with effects, edges, frames, picture tubes (essentially picture stamps), fine tuning, flash fill, 'makeover,' and tagging options.The effects, edges, and frames work the way you'd expect them to.  One disappointing note is that the free Picasa has more effects than Photo Express.  All we have for effects in Photo Express are B&W;, Sepia, Antique, and soft focus.  The edges and frames are simply ways of changing the borders of a picture.  These are more gimmicky, but fun in their own right.  There is a limited but reasonable selection. (Picasa does not have these.)You can fine tune a pictures brightness, highlights, shadows, and sharpness manually or have the program suggest settings and then tweak them as you desire.  What is missing here (and in Picasa) is true adjustment of color.  Picasa goes further here giving you the option to manually color correct by picking a neutral color or to change the warmth of a picture with a slider. Picasa also allows you to adjust the white balance. Flash fill, allowing a subject to stand out from a dark background, is similar in both programs.  Another important difference: with Picasa you see the changes to you photo as a preview when you move the slider.  With Photo Express, the changes occur after you move the slider.  You can get the same effects with both programs, it's just harder to gauge what you are doing in real time with Photo Express.As to the 'makeover' package, Picasa only offers the ability to reduce blemishes.  Both packages handle this differently.  Picasa allows you to copy from adjacent skin (ala Adobe Lightroom) and Photo Express employes a technique that blurs away the blemishes.  Both methods can give you good results, but can't quite replicate higher end photo retouching programs.Photo express adds a teeth whitening application and a 'sun tanning' feature.  Teeth whitening works wonders that my dentist only dreams of.  You can change yellowing or dull teeth to a natural white with one click.  If you are so inclined, you can also make the teeth so white they practically glow in the dark if you just keep on clicking.  Miss the desired tooth area and your entire subject will lighten.  (That's what the undo button is for.)  The sun tanning feature darkens overly light skin, as might happen with washout from a flash during a close up.  This is a one-click affair that worked competently.Tagging is straightforward and equivalent in both programs.OTHER FEATURESAtop the main window is a simple bar with four features: import, create, print, and share.  Hovering over each of these, pops up various options.For importing, you choose the device your computer, camera, mobile phone etc.  So long as the device is hooked up to your computer, the program is great at grabbing the content.Create gives you the options for making photobooks, cards, collages, calenders, slide shows, and a back up CD.  These features are all easy to use.The smooth animations that show full-size cards opening and closing or the flipping up of pages in the calenders, for example, are probably the reason why this program has such an enormous footprint and requires such high end hardware.  The eye candy is cool, but was probably unnecessary.  Picasa can make slide shows, collages, and backups but cant make cards or calenders.PROJECTS:The card, calender, photobook, and collage features are simple enough to use.  Select the pictures and them drag them to the blank spot in the templates.  Then you can add your own text in the appropriate places.  You can then print the project, save it as a jpeg or PDF, email it, or order the item through the web.  Sadly, I couldn't seem to get Photo Express to connect to the web.  The other export options worked as expected.Cards are basically generic, photo greeting cards, attractive enough but not a replacement the card store.  There are no theme cards or templates for birthdays, anniversaries, etc.  Calenders and photobooks come in six styles with a nice variety of layouts.  There does not seem to be the option to buy other templates at this point.The slide show option is very nice, but limited.  It is more feature laden than Picasa's and the output is more professional.  Still, there is little control here and it is only for very simple slide shows.  There are five basic templates that are attractive and generic enough for most uses.  You can reorder slides or movies therein and add your own audio.  There are only eight transitions to choose from.  You can choose a standard or wide screen, but the output is in standard, not high, definition.Picasa has a more Neanderthal version of a slide show that is perfectly serviceable, but otherwise can't really compare.  Even so, Photo Express' slide shows are not nearly as good as those made with something like iPhoto or other simple slide show making programs.  The bottom line is that if you really want to make more than the simplest kind of slide show, you'll need another program.PRINTINGPrinting options are reasonable. You can choose the layout, but you can't seem to customize them.  The layouts are of photos of all the same size, so you can't print a 5 x 9 and some wallet sized photos on the same page.  You can also order the photos on line from here or print projects.  As an added bonus, there's a simple disk label program.  The disk label program is not fully featured, but is a welcome addition.Sharing can be done by way of Flikr, Facebook, YouTube, or email.  As my Photo Express wouldn't connect to the web, I couldn't try this feature.CONCLUSION:Corel Photo Express is a fine program.  The problem is that Google's Picasa is free and an just as competent a program for basic photo work.  You don't have all the bells, whistles, or eye candy of Corel's product, but you do almost everything else.Photo Express 2010 is a serviceable photo organizer in an attractive package.  It is enjoyable to use, but when there is a perfectly good free option, I expect more from product that I would be expected to pay for.  I expect more advanced photo editing features (color control, layers, masking, fills etc.), more photo effects, a more capable slide show, and the possibility for plug-ins.  Face recognition, a now common feature in a high end photo app, is also missing. [Note: as of version 3.5, Picasa now sports face recognition as well as geo tagging.]Once again, the fact that the program actually changes your image permanently on your hard drive may be a deal breaker for enthusiasts and professionals.  Even though you can revert back to the original within the program, I would have to assume that if Photo Express' log file becomes corrupt or you uninstall the program, you are stuck with what you have.  Also, any changes to an image file itself have the potential to corrupt it.My guess is that Photo Express is the teaser for Photo Studio. When you first boot up the program, it gives you the option to try Corel's Photo Studio 2010--a much more advanced, full featured program.  This is clearly a great marketing tool, because after using Photo Express I am tempted to check out the full-featured product.
This product was very easy to install.  It's also very easy to use, maybe too easy for me.  The user interface was about so user friendly I couldn't figure it out.  I think it might be great for people very new to computers and software.That said, I couldn't figure out how to print something.  Took me a good 10 minutes to print something!  Now, I'm used to Photoshop and Gimp, and I was like "Where are my tools?"Tasks in this program are for the most part very automated, and the program performs them well. Functions like rotate and crop are OH so easy!One thing I really liked is that it has some special effects built in that are a bit like Alien Skin's and/or Nik's plug-in packages, and they come free, with nothing else to install or buy.  If you've ever bought plug ins like this, you will recognize that these are worth the price of the package.I would have liked this program a lot more if not for some weird issue with providing a simple "Save" or "Save As" function.  You know, just those basic file functions in a basic file function sort of way.  The program has them all, of course, they are there, but the interface seems to hide them, in my opinion.  This can possibly cause disasters with working on a photo, and accidentally altering it without meaning to.My advice, when you first get this software, is to play with some copies of pictures and learn how to save copies before you really jump on a picture you value.  The GUI could be much improved in this area.
Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 has many basic, easy to use photo editing features included, along with tools to help you organize photos, video and music together by folder and album..then you can search by date, rating, caption or name to find your photos faster. This feature would by very useful for the person who is always snapping pictures with their cell phone or camera.  Those photos could be used to make a collage, slideshow, calendar, card or photo book. Photos and videos can be used to make slideshows.  Corel makes it easier by providing a choice of templates for the projects and slideshows.  This program will automatically resize photos so you can send them by email faster & is designed to be used with Facebook, Flickr, & YouTube.Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 has been designed for ease of use which is great for a teen or novice who doesn't want to spend time learning to edit photos using a more complex program.  Anyone wanting more than basic photo editing features will be disappointed with this program.  I found the program to be easy to use, 4 stars, but slow, 3 stars.  I'm rating it 3 stars overall.
I was excited to use this software because the only other photo editing software I own is no longer being produced or supported.  This is a very basic software with mostly "auto correct" settings. The good part of it is the ability to make slide shows, calendars, greeting cards, collages, etc.  The bad part of it is that it really slows my computer down to the point where I have to restart several times in the middle of a project.  I've tried shutting down everything but the essential programs but that doesn't seem to help.  However, the support for this software is excellent, I've gotten very quick responses from emails regarding this issue though none of them have helped so far.This software isn't difficult to use and doesn't have a huge learning curve, it's basically "plug and play".  If you're looking for a quick and easy way to organize your photos, do minor editing with preset options, make a quick collage or slide show, this software is perfect for you.  Nothing fancy but gets the job done.
As far as I'm concerned, there are way too many choices for photo-editing/management software.  Most of it falls into one of three categories:1) High-end editing software, such as Photoshop2) Mid-range editing software, offering a fairly decent subset of Photoshop's features.  This would include Corel's Paint Shop Pro, and Photoshop Elements3) Easy-to-use, general inexpensive photo cataloging software that includes some basic editing features (cropping, red-eye reduction, etc.) such as Picasa.Corel PaintShop Photo Express 2010 falls into this last category.  I feel as though it has aimed at trying to compete with Picasa.  Is this really necessary?  PaintShop Photo Express offers many of the same features, offers a few nice extras (such as the ability to upload directly to Facebook), but lacks some features as well (such as facial recognition).  Also, compared to the free option, the hardware demands of PaintShop Photo Express are MUCH higher.(The software also does something I consider rather odd...if I highlight an mp3 file, it plays it for me.  But if I scroll so that the name of the song no longer appears on the screen, the song stops playing.  What is the point of that?)Pros: A few more "advanced" editing features, Facebook uploading, creating photo calendarsCons: Hardware demands, lacking facial recognition, isn't freeI don't think the cost of the software justifies switching from something I got for free and already really like to something else with roughly the same feature set.
Too limited for me, even though I'm not by any means a "professional" photographer. Sure it's cheap, but you get what you pay for I guess.If you want an inexpensive program with VERY limited functionality, it may be fine for you.
And Corel PaintShop Photo Express is what it is- a comfy, friendly interface for those uncomfortable with complex applications and manually managing their files.If you have never used any photo editing software, this will probably be entirely suitable. If you have any experience with any other photo software. I feel the end results of this app do not justify the learning curve for this distinctive program.I haven't really bought into the idea that every app deserves its own peculiar interface, it reminds me of the early days of the horseless carriage when every manufacturer had their own set of controls and commands. How you started, adjusted and shifted a Ford had was of no help at all when you jumped into an Olds.I suppose many people back then enjoyed the challenge of learning a new "operating system" every time they changed vehicles;' I know I probably would have been one of them.But it's not 1912, and I don't want to go motoring, I just want to edit some photos.So at first look I find the sleek, unique and altogether attractively different look of Corel Paint Shop Photo Express to be a huge pain in the ass. It's as if it screams, "we aren't a normal Windows app" Only, bad news: they are.Installation- including typing the lengthy serial number (and you can't paste it in later if you've typed t elsewhere to save, as I usually do)- took about 15 minutes. I tend to not mind the length of time so much as wondering what changes it is making to my machine that I could probably live without and will then struggle to eradicate after I give up on the package- especially as it involves C++ and Directx.. WMEncoder?On first use: searching for my photos/videos, the number is in the high thousands. And the search took forever.  I suppose if I'd let it go it would be a lot easier to see how it does in fact organize them, but after 30 minutes I clicked the OK button and it halted the search. There is no way that I could see to tell it to look only in a specific place for images, it wants them all. This is not uncommon for apps like this, but again, I am much happier with my own filing system.First discovery was that Photo Express makes itself the default photo-everything for you without asking. I use Explorer a lot in thumbnail view and it works great. Simple and fast. But without realizing what it had done, when I was looking for an image, double clicking the file opened it right into Corel. It was a shock to see the unfamiliar black-bordered viewer instead of my usual view.So before I disabled it and reverted, I had a look - a few things are cool, it resembles the old XP "filmstrip" view, but again, with the all-new look. The images seem to take a half-second longer to load, and you can watch the image settle into focus as it comes up. And maybe it's just me, but the image did not even look as good. So back to the old way.As far as features, Photo Express has everything the newcomer (or youngster) to photo editing might want- mostly automatic settings to correct common problems with digital photos. I think this could be quite a time-saver, but there is a very narrow range of choices. I like being able to zoom with my scroll-wheel and then drag the image around the frame, but this is hardly unique to this program. There is a nice built-in email applet, but I could not discover how to add any of my email accounts that were not Gmail or what is supposed to be the default e-mail application, in this case Outlook.I had seen a comment regarding Photo xpress' file saving system, and that it saves an image on exit  without prompting for a file name. You have to do it manually, the "save as" command automatically will suggest a name for your file as "xxxx-01.jpg" which is a nice gesture. If you do not, it will save the image with any changes, apparently overwriting the file.However, next time you open it, even after editing in another app- you are allowed to undo all the changes at  single stroke. So once again it is unconventional, but not unmanageable. I feel the entire Corel suite would be a decent setup for some, but as a stand-alone it did not impressOther voices here have also done an excellent and commendable job of describing all the features, functions and nuance of Photo Express, I suggest you check them out. But to be honest, after as many hours as I could working with it, I went for the uninstall. And poured another cup of coffee as I settled in to wait.. well, as long as it did the task thoroughly I didn't mind. Six minutes of screens to remind you of what you are about to be missing, but when done, it seemed to be a clean removal.
It does the same things many other photo-editing software does, and does them somewhat automatically, which is a bonus. Those into social web sites like Facebook will recognize the things you can do to your photos (assign a tag) and find it easy to upload your photo with minimal knowledge.I really like Corel software, but this is where the bonuses end and the cons begin.Those who like to make their "average" family photos look better, or even great, will find this software doesn't really provide anything you haven't already seen, and fot that I would say it's priced too high.  It is high-res, which means it eats up a lot of memory when running. If you have a super fast computer made for dealing with high-res graphics, you won't mind it, but average users will find it bogs them down.Other reviewers here have also listed the really BAD things this program does, such as overwriting your original photo without warning, as soon as you navigate away.
This works fine, but it is, in my opinion, no better than just using Windows picture editor (which is free).  The program also is kind of slow and not all that intuitive.  Interface is pretty, but not all that easy to use. Maybe I just need to use it more, but there are better editors out there that are more intuitively set up.
Fast? Not my first impression. Lots of lag in between actions and results.There are quick tools to do things like creating DVDs and videos. However, they're accessed by launching the main program first, in all its glory, then selecting them via menu - not directly from the program folder. So it's kind of a clunky interface.Tried starting with the quick video creation program. You just choose from a few intro templates, audio, and media, such as video or photos. The program nicely sequences them by date and time and creates a basic video.So far so good. Now open it in the main program for tweaking, and ... you can't edit the intro template mask, at least not easily. By default it creates a clip that runs in the mask, but it's not accessible - if you want to, say, use a photo instead of using the default video loop (first few seconds of the video) you have to cheat by inserting the photo in the timeline.Other canned effects were easier to figure out, although some of the control seemed limited. Example - for one of the fades, you can choose the tunnel shape (circle, rectangle, ellipse) but there seemed to be limits on the starting size.It's got features such as ripple edit, which slides stuff over to keep the tracks synced when you insert clips, chroma key, etc. which I only fumbled with when trying to solve the template issue mentioned earlier. And lots of transition effects. However, I couldn't find a way to easily apply a selected transition to the whole project; each added clip meant I had to manually add a transition. Annoying.Other effects, such as rotoscope, were impressive; this one creates a cartoon-like video.On the whole, on my pretty powerful Dell M4400 with 4Gb, this thing was laggy. The promise of faster performance via creating compressed video wasn't apparent; I decided to turn that feature off. During preview playback, there was frequent freezing and skipping, especially if you had a music track added. I found myself drifting off to memories of iMovie or whatever it is on demo in the Apple store. Why do Windows PCs have such trouble with video and audio editing?Summed up in one word: jerky. But not sure what works better on the PC.
This is probably not the easiest video package on the market however it is not the most complicated either.it is very intuitive and easy to cut clips and place them into a time lineI initially tried to use this on my laptop thinking that it would be easier to run than the Adobe Primmer Elements I typically use.  And while it ran better than Premier Elements it still was sluggish.  My laptop had a Celeron Dual Core Processor and 3GB of RAMI switched to my desktop with a Intel Core2 Quad processor and 8GB of RAM and not surprisingly it worked much better.On both computers it easily rendered AVCHD from my Sony HD camcorder.  Again the processing of the clips and the editing was much smother and had less wait time on my desk top than my laptop.  Overall performance when rendering was much better than with Premier Elements 8; however I like the added flexibility, performance, and features of Premier Elements 8 much better.For simple editing with fantastic output Corel VideoStudio Pro is an excellent product.  As with any video product there are a lot of features it will take time to discover.  It comes with sound clips which make enriching the video with sound much easier.If you want flexibility for your video editing I recommend considering Premier Elements 8 (though 9 is now and the market and is hopefully more stable than 8).If you want easy of use with handy extras and need to convert HD video this is a solid package for the price.
My biggest beef with this software is the inability to work on an .AVI file. It seems that if I go to edit one and produce it, that I will get the sound, but just a still image. Very frustrating *until* I found out that this software works with my Canon Vixia! It produces a very high quality HD video. It can easily produce a movie that spans 1GB per 1 minute (seriously!!!) but if it's a short video and you don't mind it (like a 5 minute video for show) it's really very cool!
Corel products are really hit or miss for me. It seems like one month they're releasing software that I absolutely love and which functions beautifully, and the next they're putting out software which seems rushed and untested, or in some cases even worse than previous versions of the same product.Corel VideoStudio Pro X3 is somewhere in the middle. I was really excited with it at first, as I run a blog and frequently create and edit videos for uploading to youtube. After really getting into it, however, the bugs and crashes started rearing their ugly head. I have been using it for a few months now, and thankfully I haven't completely lost any project I've been working on, but it's been a headache working through the problems. Corel support, while usually very helpful in my experiences with them, in this case didn't have much to say. Because of those issues, I cannot give this product a full recommendation.It's still better than simplistic, problem-filled programs such as Roxio Creator, but I would recommend something likeSony Vegas Movie Studio HD Platinum 10, which in my experience with it is less buggy and more to-the-point than VideoStudio Pro X3.
This video editing program is okay, although it could be easier to learn. It loaded okay on my computer, but slowed it down. It's not the fanciest thing, and it's a little tough to figure out. I guess it's okay for the price.
Maybe I need more time to spend with this software. Sometimes, for the hobbyist video-maker, it takes quite a while to get used a given program and see if it truly fits the bill for their requirements. I found this to be an okay program, but I don't know that it will draw me away from similar programs by Adobe.VideoStudio Pro X3 by Corel designed to let the user edit their videos quickly, adding many professional-grade flourishes.  The finished videos can be distributed to friends directly through Facebook and Flickr.  Because this program allows for authoring on Blu-ray, keep in mind you'll want a BD drive in your computer in order to get the full benefit.The effects are pretty impressive, including a RotoSketch feature that allows you to 'animate' your video footage.  Basically your live-action footage has a filter put over it that makes it look like the footage is animated.  Another cool additional feature is SmartSound, which allows for mixing a multi-track audio soundtrack, that way you can decide what elements you want to draw attention to in your background music.Corel DVD Factory Pro 2010 is included and the intent is to provide users with the quickest way to burn and/or rip DVDs of their content.  I thought the media management tool was hard to get used to using.  It is designed to organize your various types of media but I didn't find it to be as user friendly and intuitive as I would've liked.Ultimately this is a pretty expansive and usable program depending on what you need it for.  But I would definitely think twice before jumping in if you aren't sure what your plans for the software exactly are.
First, let's talk about what you need to run Corel VideoStudio Express 2010 (CVSE)--the product may say express, but it is not a "light" program at all.  You'll need at least 2GHz (or more) processor, 2 GB of hard drive space, and a hefty vid card (no less than 256MB cache).  This supposedly will run on XP, Vista and Win7, but I only tried this on Win7--the good news is that if you have a computer that runs Win7, it WILL more than likely run this program with *cough* little effort.The suite comes with four elements: Paintshop, Video Studio, DVD Factory, and WinDVD.  Each application helps with either photos, videos, dvd creation, and dvd playing.  All of them come with various templates to help customize your media.  However, although looking like slick interfaces, to a non-novice, not being able to get into the numerical changes of various picture setting is HIGHLY annoying.  For those who don't know why, don't worry about it--you're actually treated with slider bars to adjust all settings, so you don't really have to know about finer digital changes.Here are some important specifics of the four CVSE applications: Paintshop also allows direct uploads to your favorite blogging sites: facebook, flickr, email, etc. Video Studio takes almost all video media AND gives you firewire support to come directly from devices like camcorders and such... nice.  DVD Factory will record in hi-def audio.  WinDVD does NOT support Bluray playback (unless you purchase an additional $100 add-on).I think I'll stick to my Roxio.  Yes, it's more expensive, but I've already purchased it.  It gives me more of the finer detail in editing and has a more familiar (to me) layout.  However, if you are a beginning media editor, and are on a budget, this probably will fit your bill.
Not as intuitive as I would have liked. I actually had to read the entire book to learn the software. If you are okay with that then you'll like this. But if you like user friendly software that you can play around with and still produce something workable then this is not for you.  After I read the directions I could do alot with the software but it's still cumbersome with lots clicks and steps.
I couldn't download this Corel  product on my larger computer because I already had a Corel Photo Album. I decided to try it on my laptop. After a long install, I found the nagvigation bars and instructions more complex than I like. My 17 year old stepped in and showed me how to use the photo part of the program but it still took a long time to download and caption what I needed. I did sort and use it for DVD transfer of still photos. I would choose something different to use with YouTube and other video interfaces.
I had a bit of a problem installing and it getting hung up doing whatever it was doing, but finally kicked in.  But it's not terribly flowing and responsive.  Not so appealing if you have significant edits or working with various types of media.However, it is a very stripped down, straightforward, editor and creator of video with photo abilities.  If you are not doing something too involved and fancy, and are very new and confused about video editing, this should be ok for you. It is easy to use, it just gets progressively slower and jumpy the bigger your project becomes.If you need something to work with YouTube video blogs to give an extra pop. This is fine.  A 10 minute video, a couple titles, images etc. it's the perfect fit for you.  An hour long documentary, not so much.  It does make it easier to import video and transfer files, and has a direct export to YouTube feature.  In other words, if you are a youtube vlogger, and that's all you do, sure.. it's a lot easier to deal with that the YouTube upload page.  If you don't have photo editing, there is a lighter version of PaintShop pro that works fine for minor edits.  And if you are working with something confusing just trying to make a DVD, this is a good plus as WinDVD is included.It's well worth the money, but for a specific user.  I feel I am a bit more advanced at this point, but will certainly refer to it when I have a minor edit or upload.
Ordered this from Vine/Amazon thinking "2010" meant it was an upgrade from Video Studio Pro X2. Turns out it's an "easier" scaled down version missing 3/4 of what's being marketed as Digital Studio 2010. .If your new to video on PC it may be good for you. The suites  new interface is user friendly see my review ofCorel PaintShop Photo  Express 2010for some comparison to other software. However since I already have  the older more complete (?) version , Ill be sticking with it for now on my XP computer. That said , I suspect this version is more optimized for Windows 7 but I'd recommend looking for  a deal on the suite rather than buying piecemeal .
I'll admit, I'm a fan of Corel.  I've consistently found their products to be significant alternatives to the "big boys" like Microsoft or Adobe. They've really found a great niche in providing often much cheaper, high functioning, products that work well, and play friendly with many other file types.That being said, I just couldn't find VideoStudeo Express something to like.  For software like this, the big issue for me is if it works well enough and is noticeably better than the many free alternatives out there, which in this case includes the free Windows Movie Maker. The latter version that came with Windows 7 is a great little program for basic tasks.I didn't have the same amount of troubles that other reviewers seem to have had, but at the same time I also just couldn't find that aha! moment where even the lowered cost of this justifies the purchase.But, at the same time I realize that not all people have access to the most advanced programs and not all people would ever want that.So, while I did not find it particularly useful, I can see how someone who just wants a very basic video editor that does not provide a significant amount of options (and thus demands a significant amount of learning how to use such options) might find this a worthwhile product, especially at the very reduced price.
I am somewhat prejudiced due to my experience with Corel's photo editing "room" of this suite, so the Video portion would have to be awfully good to let me get past that.It wasn't. They work so hard to make it simple for the novice that someone used to a more pure approach to editing and producing might have to struggle a bit to get a grip on how it operates.However: after working with it for a few more weeks, I am obligated to say once I could get past the way it operates, even if it is a constant distraction, the end result is quite acceptable. But as far as first impressions-I am a great user of tools, I firmly believe that the simpler a tool is, the easier it is to use. One need not think about the operation of a hammer the whole time one is trying to drive a nail. Or loosen a bolt, or clamp a board, And yet, now we have cordless electric hammers and  C-clamps, and even a battery powered crescent wrench.The interface, file management and process here is as needless and distracting as a rechargeable battery on a hammer. (Or the noise that thing makes, you ever heard one?)The process of video editing is fairly straightforward: you will want to cut out parts and move them around. So we now find out, it is possible to oversimplify something to the point of obfuscation. And at the same time, the user interface is so warm and friendly and processor happy I almost feel guilty that I hate it so much, but I am perfectly fine with a more conventional way of managing my files and videos.A simple example: I wanted to excerpt a short segment from a video and post it to Facebook. To do this the fast edit function works fine, you just select the clip, trim it and then go to "Share" and select the Facebook option. Which at least works- unlike Photo Express, which would hang every time. However, you do not have the option to edit details of the file before it uploads. Saving it to a file and then posting more conventionally is the way to go, although here too the weird file management gets in the way- you can only save to the root "My Videos" folder, and I have yet found a way to redirect the save.And on a very speedy machine, rendering a 15- second clip to WMV format took about 8 minutes...I worked with this application for many, many hours, took a half-dozen pages of notes, but in the end found my initial reaction unchanged. I could feel like I have wasted this time trying to learn just the rudimentary functions of editing here just to write a review and then uninstall it- but if I am going to devote any time at all to learning to use a particular editing device, I would like to think I am not going to resent it every time I have to use it. I would rather spend as much time as it takes to master something that will be a joy to work with.I am getting the feeling it is quite capable in doing everything one could need in a simple video editor, and I will continue to work with it and post updates as I learn more: but even so, my reaction to the interface remains unchanged.Perhaps a computer novice, as well as someone new to video editing might take to this immediately, but I will set my sights- and allocate my resources elsewhere.
I tried two different activities with Corel Video StudioExpress. First, I attempted to import a video that I took from my digital camera. The first time this caused an "illegal" action which caused a hard crash of my PC. The second time yielded a different error which also caused a hard crash. I'm guessing that the software doesn't get along well with the .avi file format that my camera uses, though the help files say that avi is a supported format.The second activity that I tried was taking a folder of pictures and creating a slideshow. This worked very smoothly with no problems at all. There are enough transitions (9 options), but the default themes are limited to 4 "fun" ones and several "simple" ones. The help file says you can download more themes from Corel, but I think Corel should have included more by default. Most people aren't going to go to the trouble of downloading more if they want something as simple as VideoStudio Express.I have a little experience with some video editing software including TMPEG's video software for Windows and Apple's iMovie for Macintosh, and in comparison, the Corel video editing software is much easier to use, but at the cost of offering more limited options. If you want something that is simplified such that you can pretty much point and guess at how to use the software, this is pretty good. I think that for video family album creations that are quick and simple (and for which you can create a printable label easily), this would be a good choice. If you want something more fully featured which allows you more control and options, you may want to look elsewhere.
I guess I need to upgrade to a system with more memory, because this relatively modest program took up a lot of space. The result was a program that bogged down more than it should have. I don't say this as a criticism of Corel's software, but just as a word of caution to anyone with under 4 GB or RAM. Officially the requirement is 1 GB, but I would definitely recommend it for someone with a minimum of 2 but more would be better. My computer has just 2 GB, but it was a slow process trying to use the program. I guess it would be a good idea for Corel to bump up the system requirement listed on the package.I think the important thing to keep in mind is what do you need a program like this for?  If you are planning on working on anything above home movie type of projects, get something more full service (and be sure to have the system to handle it).  Don't get VideoStudio Express expecting to be editing serious short film projects and such. It's fine for putting together little clips for youtube or tinkering with short home movies.The interface is cumbersome, especially if you are not already used to using Corel products. "Intuitive" is not a good word to use in regards to this. Honestly for most people Windows Movie Maker, already preinstalled on most PCs, will not only be easier to use/figure out, but will do everything you need.  There are other shareware things readily accessible if you put a tiny amount of legwork into it.  Not that VS Express is not fairly priced, but why put up with the confusion of figuring it out.
This review is for Video Studio Express.  For only a little more money, you can get this full product as PART OFCorel Digital Studio 2010which has many other features that I found lacking in this particular product (according to what I read--I don't have the other product, so I can't say first hand that they would fill the niches).  I currently use Adobe Premiere Pro (CS3) which has lots and lots of features, but it has a bit of a learning curve with it and there is much I haven't figured out about it yet.  I got VideoStudio Express (let's call it VSE for short) in hopes of finding something that was perhaps a little less powerful, but hopefully much more intuitive to use.The target audience for this software is people who want to capture pictures and/or video from their device(s) and then burn them to a disc preferably in an interesting presentation with as few mouse clicks as possible.  This program has a somewhat hands-off feeling to it.  If you drive a car with an automatic transmission so that you don't have to worry about which gear to be in, if you take pictures with a point-and-shoot so you don't have to worry about all the camera settings on an SLR, and/or if you always accept the default settings in a program without looking at the advanced options, then maybe this is the right program for you.  That isn't to say that it CAN'T do a few advanced options, but that doesn't appear to be what it was designed for.  I'm much more of a manual-control kinda' guy myself, so this wasn't really the best fit for me.The capture process was quite simple, although not without flaws.  I had some issues with the automatic capture, but the manual process was quite good.  First the bad:  I plugged my camera into the computer and then VSE popped up an easy-to-follow UI to guide me through the rest.  By default, the program wanted to automatically bookmark all the scene changes.  I told it to do that, but quickly saw that this was a tape I had already mostly imported.  I just wanted the last 20 min. or so of the tape.  After letting it scan for scene changes for... 10? min. I lost patience and decided I would prefer a manual capture since I knew I didn't want the stuff in the beginning again.  I told it to stop.  I suspect that if I had let it finish, everything would have gone more smoothly, but after I told it to stop, I clicked on the first bookmark I wanted and told it to import.  The tape started rewinding to the beginning of the tape.  After pressing a few buttons, the program became unresponsive.  I mostly blame my lack of patience for this, but it was still a negative impression.  Oh, and by the way--several of the thumbnail images that the automatic process generated were all choppy (digital noise); some of them were so bad, I couldn't tell what I was looking at.  Putting these two things together made me choose to take a star off.So, as I was saying, the manual capture process was quite good.  After killing the program and starting over, I decided to go for a manual capture.  All I had to do was queue up the tape where I wanted it, check the box to detect scene changes along the way, and hit record.  If you don't have the system detect scene changes for you, just note that you will likely start recording several frames after the point that you tell it you would like to start.  Other than that, I thought this went very well.  I especially liked that you can import directly to mpg instead of avi--something I haven't figured out how to do (I assume you can't) in Premiere Pro.  This results in a slightly lower quality video, but the file size is much smaller and so this becomes quite useful if you want to capture the files and then host them on a home media server or something like that.I was not at all impressed with the editing or rendering/burning sections.  Very basic settings could be changed (4:3 vs 16:9, NTSC vs PAL, trim a certain clip, adjust colors, etc.) but not much else.  With just this product (and not the aforementioned Digital Studio suite) you cannot add chapters in the DVD or edit the DVD menu.  Scene transitions are selectable but not customizable.  I couldn't even figure out how to add a short bit of blank space to make the transition between video segments feel more natural.  But it was quick and easy.  "Automatic" users may like it, but I didn't.  -1 star.Bottom line:I may use this product to import files from my camera to host on my media server, but other than that, I'll be sticking with Adobe's Premiere Pro.  Users who don't already have a video editing program may consider Digital Studio, but I don't think I'd get JUST Video Studio Express--there just isn't enough here to do everything that most users would want to do.
First of all I hate that black background - text tends to get lost there at times. Everything looks tight and cramped -- use a more generous format with a WHITE background, please.I DO like the ease with with I can do so many things, with very little trouble --  make drastic changes, make subtle changes -- tweak my photo in limitless ways - very nice! The accompanying documentation (brochure, in the box) is sparse but helful. Much more information is, of course, available on line.An email to Corel, using their online hlep form, was answered promptly and was very helpful!Now a few weeks later, I am getting used to the black background, and discovering many new ways to enhance my photographs (including an interactive help feature that is very good) using this software. I don't know if I will ever get to the bottom of all the helpful appications here -- thank you Corel!!!
Paintshop has been updated to a newer version.  There is no need to purchase this version as the newer version contains many fixes and updates (as well as the latest drivers).
This is actually my first time using Corel. I've always used Photoshop previously, but when I installed Windows 7 I couldn't get CS3 to reinstall and I didn't feel like paying for the newest version of CS. So it's nice that this software price is a bit more reasonable.Other than minor editing w/ pictures like fixing backgrounds, lettering, clonging, image resizing, and modifying standard images, I am most likely not using this software to the extreme. For the price, it's a good tool to use.The buttons and the placement of all the tools is a little clunky and it takes some time to figure out, but overall for my purposes it worked ok.Parts of the software installed fine on Windows 7 professional, however at random times when I tried to open the Photo Pro or the Photo Essentals after install it either wouldn't open or sometimes did crash my PC. I'm not exactly sure why either as my PC over qualifies the requirements suggested for the software.Originally, I installed Photoshop Pro X3 first and then Photo Essentials 4. However, once I tried to install the Project Creator, it ended up uninstaling the previous installs of X3 and 4 altogether. Nor did it install the Projector Creater correctly. In the end, after multiple tries, I could never install the Project Creator which supposedly assisted w/  slideshows, photobooks, and videos. And I had to reinstall the Pro X3 and Essentials 4. I was actually extremely disappointed in this as I was greatly looking forward to a way to edit my HD videos w/ this software.
Having experience withAdobe Photoshop Lightroom 2andAperture 3, I really wanted to like PaintShop Photo Pro as a low-cost solution for my Windows machine. I tried. Really, I did.Unfortunately, PaintShop Photo Pro X3 seems "buggy", to put it nicely. When the application is stable, you can definitely see the influences Corel drew from in Lightroom, Aperture, and even iPhoto to varying degrees. The workflow is somewhat logical, and the integration with the PaintShop tools isn't bad.However, it all has kind of a shareware bolted-on-to-something-else feel to it. Some of the manipulation features have a dead-simple "click this and do that" function, which is nice, but this isn't universal. If you're coming from Photoshop, for instance, some things seem ridiculously easy, yet constrained. Granted, this doesn't cost nearly what Photoshop costs, but it does approachAdobe Photoshop Elements 8territory easily.If you're looking for real photo manipulation at a low price, you're probably better off going with Photoshop Elements. PaintShop Photo Pro is really only for people who kind-of want something to manage tons of photos, and kind-of want to do retouching, and don't mind at all if the results show obvious manipulation.
I've been using PaintShop Photo Pro X3 for a couple of months now.  I'm not an expert with any photo program--I've used PhotoShop, but not too much--I'm just a novice.  All started out okay.  It loaded up my photos no problem and I was able to make minor modifications.  My husband used the program as well (he does more fiddling with the photos than I do) and seemed to really like it.Yesterday I connected up my Rebel XT to the computer (running Windows 7) and the program wouldn't recognize my camera.  Then it did, but it wouldn't recognize any of the raw photos.  Next the program seemed to flip out and try to refresh over and over (this was after the camera was disconnected).  I finally had to open the task manager to kill the program because I couldn't close it or stop it from refreshing.Overall, an ok program, but I think it still needs quite a bit of updating to make it a truly worthwhile program. Fine for minor modifications, but if you want something more substantial that works better with raw photos, something else might be better.
I used AVG-Free for several years and have also used their paid versions. This new suite is an improvement in several areas, even when compared to Bit Defender or the new Norton. One good thing about AVG is they don't seem to have the same system strain as with other virus protection suites. One bad thing is in detailed reviews with QA tests where the multiple security products are tested against thousands of known malware/viruses AVG only scores in the middle of the pack.The installation is smooth and fairly quick. The user interface is crisp and fairly clean without confusing menus or options.The suite includes what now seem to be standard features for internet security suites - chat scanner, root kit detection, gamer modes, auto updates, link scanners, etc.Another feature I appreciate is the 2 year subscription. Very annoying having to pay $30-50 per year to a company to continue to allow you to download new definitions.One annoying aspect for AVG is it is one license. Bitdefender allows for installs on up to 3 PC's in a household, which is very nice in a family where every person has their own computer.In the end security is up to the user. If you control the information available as best you can and not visit questionable sites, then any modern day security product is good enough.Then it just comes down to system strain, number of licenses, and number of years of definition updates.
This version improves on the past ones in every way.  This version has a nicer interface---one cool item is it will show all the "exe" files running and evaluate which ones are a potential high threat.  Also included is identity theft recovery service, which is a nice bonus and for the money for 2-years of coverage, it is a bargain.  Be advised that the first scan may take longer than other programs of this type--but it is worth it.  I think this product is overall a must have and I have not had any problems with the installation or management of the software.
After using "AVG FREE" (the free version of AVG's Anti Virus software) I kind of knew what to expect from this software. AVG's "Anti-Virus & Anti-Spyware" is basically a step up from the freeware that I have been using for several years on one of my PCs. The two year subscription is a big plus, hopefully it will keep me worry free.The program installed without issue once I put the disc in my drive, entered the license information and waited about five minutes for the process to finish. I rebooted my machine, registered my copy and everything appeared to be working fine. The program updated the virus and spyware definitions to the latest available versions, then the program said that there was a newer version of the program available for download. Apparently the disc has version 8.X on it, and there is version 9.X out on the upgrade server. That's great, but why didn't it tell me that before I wasted my time installing from the disc? This is one thing that Kaspersky informs you of, and seems like a logical place to have up front. So I downloaded the newest version, which seemed to take a long time. I don't remember how many megabytes it was but I don't think it was a big file, yet took awhile to acquire.Once the upgraded version of AVG's Anti-Virus and Anti-Spyware was installed, I rebooted the computer only to find that the Anti Virus engine failed to initialize. Windows Security Center informed me that the anti virus software was turned off, and when I opened the AVG control panel it was confirmed. The antivirus component, as well as several other components were not active. I decided another reboot was in order, but when the computer came back up it was the same scenario, it was still not active. No matter how many times I rebooted the machine I could not get the modules to get to their active state so I figured something must have gone wrong during the install. I decided to uninstall the software and try again, hoping that this time it will load properly.It took two attempts after the initial install of the upgraded version of AVG Anti Virus & Anti Spyware and about two hours to be successful. Finally the program loaded with active components and theoretically was doing its thing. That's where this review gets difficult as far as the functionality of this software, since unless you get hit by a virus or spyware you don't really know if the program is working OR if the virus or spyware is not detected by the software you don't know that it has failed.As far as the user interface on AVG's Antivirus & Antispyware, it is similar to other programs, showing each component and its status, then getting more detailed if you click on the icon. It contains the following: Antivirus, Antispyware, LinkScanner, Anti Rootkit, Email Scanner, Web Shield, Resident Shield, Update Manager, and License. What you do not get in this version of the software is a Firewall and Identification Protection. For that you will have to get the Internet Security product. Off to the left side of the interface there is the computer scanner button, which allows you to manually scan your whole computer, scan specific files or folders, and an anti rootkit scan. You can also manage scheduled scans, allowing you to plan when you want scans to occur (assuming you leave your computer on during those times).So far, the software has not indicated that I have had any threats to my system since it has been installed. Like I mentioned early that could be a good thing or a bad thing. Subsequent scans have also indicated that the computer is clean. I am hoping that AVG's Anti-Virus & Anti Spyware is doing its job since you really don't know it's there except for the icon in the system tray, when it is performing an update, when it scans an email you are sending or receiving, or it lets you know you are visiting a safe website. It does not noticeably slow your computer down, but you know it is running in the background and you hope it catches a threat before it is too late. I just hope it never has to.I am giving it three stars because of the initial install issues, not because of the performance or user interface.
Another upgrade from the previous version.  Only took about 10 minutes to load.  As with all anti-virus and anti-spyware software, you may need to configure some of the advance options.  The menus are very user friendly and you don't have to be a computer geek to figure them out--but if you need help, they are there waiting by the phone or send them an e-mail.  Plenty of information is shared--such as when the last update was completed and when the next is scheduled.  A nice feature is the web shield, which basically scans for threats as you surf the web.  Only down fall is that your computer does slow down at times as the system runs in the background checking things out.  I had no problems installing this software--just needed to tweek the settings.
In this day and age, with constant connections to the Internet, anyone using a Windows based computer to browse the Internet, read email and chat that DOESN'T have some real time antivirus/antispyware software on their computer is asking for endless infections and the potential for data loss and even worse, identity theft. If you're relying on free scans initiated from a website (such as Kaspersky, House Call, etc), you're not as well protected as you should be and the price Amazon is charging, for 2 years of protection, makes this package an easy impulse purchase.For those that don't want to spend money on antivirus/antispyware software, there are plenty of free versions available. AVG has it's own free antivirus/antispyware program, along with free products available from Microsoft, Avira, avast!, Comodo and more. Most lack features of their paid subscription siblings, but most people are as protected as they need to be with the free software.So why pay for this version of the software? The answer is that it depends on what you're looking for. The free version of AVG, while adequate, does not offer everything this package does. Here is a list of what is included in the pay version of the software that is NOT included in the free product:Technical Support (if you think you'll need it, ever, buy the software)Download protection (called WebShield)Advanced Root Kit protectionGame Mode (turns itself off while you play games so that performance of the game is not affected; you can also accomplish this by disabling the scanner before you play a game if you use the free version, just remember to turn it back on when you're done)The thing to keep in mind is that AVG also offers a more expensive product that has features this software does not (Firewall, antispam, AVG identity protection). If you need those features, then look for AVG Internet Security edition.One thing to remember when purchasing a real time virus/spyware package is the hit to performance your computer will take when installed. Every virus scanner, no matter how efficient, will ALWAYS affect performance negatively given that EVERY file must be scanned before being opened or used by the system. AVG's scanner is fast and performance degradation is minimal. Compare this product to the massive hit in performance when using McAfee or Norton and you'll wonder why people even use those scanners anymore. AVG is more efficient than either of those 2 big name products.If you are looking for basic protection and think you need the extra protection this provides over the free AVG offering, this is one of the best prices you will find. If you purchase directly from AVG you are looking at $35 for a SINGLE year of protection. Even at the $40 MSRP, this 2 year subscription almost gives you a year for "free."
Other reviews cover what is included in the package. If you are a young, 20-something, just starting off, you will probably get the most use out of this product. As last 30-somethings with some business and practical life experience, the toolkit was a little less useful, though we found some items of interest.I was hoping that this product would simplify incorporation of a new llc., the preparation of tax documents, but this program does not excel in these areas.As a software guy, it strikes me as weird that there is no auto-update feature. This is a '2010' product but some of the info provided is already out of date in 2009. Most software comes with auto-updating features, and something that is marketed as an essential business and life tool should have it as well.Pros - this program will save you from having to search for most of this information online.Cons - You can get the same info online for free, and you have a better chance of that information being up to date.
PaperPort v12 is an all-in-one document management solution. I has a lot of nice features for the asking price but there are also problems throughout the application.The installation is by no means trivial. It took like half an hour to download the required bits, and installed no less than 10 programs and/or services on the computer. Some of them do want to access the internet. My WinPatrol caught all these during the installation. It seems to add quite a number of various programs to the windows startup. It feels like it would impact the overall performance and memory usage.A very nice feature in PaperPort v12 is the ability to use a digital camera to 'scan' a document. That is, it can flatten a picture of a document and use it to create a PDF document. So you don't necessary have to use a flatbed scanner. The built-in OCR can convert scans into text, but it is fairly basic and doesn't preserve formatting very well.Some people reported that the application seems to put a DocuCom PDF Trial watermark on the PDFs that it created. Well, a patch is available for download on [...] that will fix it. However, the download is not easy to find. I had to go through the online help database in order to find it in one of the help articles.
While the idea of this was really great, the implementation left a lot to be desired.  I am literally drowning in paperwork in my office, including research and materials I have used in teaching Kindergarten through University levels.  And then there are the materials I have developed on my own for many of those age groups.  A lot of them have hand written notes on them.I am somewhat PC challenged and was not able to get this to work in any meaningful way.  I do not blame the program for that but the user.  What I finally did was buyEpson B11B206201 WorkForce DS-30 Portable Document Scanner
This is first time I've use PaperPort and its useful to a certain extent. Plus its a good product to use on a daily basis for most of my school work, misc. documents, bill, etc so I can eliminate all unnecessary paperwork around me and my files. What I fine particularly helpful of the Paperport V12, is the scanning to a searchable pdf makes finding documents effortless and swift. So far, I haven't found another product that does what PaperPort does in this price range but I'm sure it will pop up in the future.I can understand the other customers complaints because I did fine some occasional peculiar issues with PaperPort. I also fine Nuance support lacking in a few areas, however, there is a great Yahoo PapaerPort group with some long time PaperPort users who are glad to help. It will be nice if Nuance to work with the group. Aside from that it's a good but not the best program because there is still room for improvement. Trail and Error that's all what it is.
Every time there's a new version of PaperPort, I get it.I have this dream, you see, of living a paperless life, with every document scanned and organized and easily found when needed. All my clients are law firms, many of them large, with massively expensive document management systems.PaperPort wants to be a document management system for the ordinary person who has a limited budget.Unfortunately, PaperPort under its various owners has never been able to write a really stable version of the software - and PaperPort 12 is no exception. (The current version is PaperPort 14.)Crashes are far too common and I fear losing my documents, though they are all stored as separate PDF files.It's like a New Year's Resolution in a way: you know you're going to break the promise to yourself, but you make it anyway. With PaperPort, you know it ultimately isn't going to work, but you try it anyway.Jerry
I figured PaperPort could help with organizing my desktop, which was littered with hundreds of files and folders.  My Documents was even worse.  After installing PaperPort and indexing my files, I dove right into it.  The Explorer style interface is okay, but not spectacular.  The ribbon keeps the appearance consistent with Office 2007 and Windows 7, although I installed on XP Pro SP3.  Imageview has basic image adjustment features (although not as useful as picture manager if you already have Office).  The search feature is okay.  Indexing takes a while if you have a ton of files, but that's the norm.  Search results are instantaneous and it will even search for words in image files.  For instance, a search returned a screen-shot PNG file that contained the searched word on an icon in the image.  Indexing eats about 100MB of RAM when active.  I usually kill the process unless I'm actively using the program.  I was enjoying PaperPort until I attempted to connect to a Ricoh MP4000 network scanner.  The program kept hanging at the scan screen.  I downloaded the latest TWAIN drivers from Ricoh's site, checked my config several times, but kept running into the same problem.  I eventually gave up on attempting to convert new documents over the network.  It's not a total loss however, the Ricoh already does pretty much most of what PaperPort does as far as scanning and sharing over the network.  I was looking to automate things and bypass Ricoh's confusing file management interface.  I decided to try PaperPort on a more specialized workstation.  I removed it from the first workstation and installed it on another that is connected locally to an HP scanner via USB.  That HP scanner worked without a problem.  That particular workstation is used to scan and upload documents to our SharePoint site.  The SharePoint connector in PaperPort is helpful for eliminating the extra step of manually uploading the scans to SharePoint.  In fact, the entire send-to bar is actually helpful for automating tasks like OCR scanning and file conversions.  As far as existing file management, there's not much beyond what's already available in Windows Explorer, other than attaching notes and assigning colors to folders.  PaperPort can be used for sharing, security, and collaboration, but I can already do much of what it offers in Windows Active Directory (and even basic Windows file sharing).  The PDF conversion software is a plus if you don't own Acrobat Pro, but a lot of scanners include the ability to scan to PDF.  Before taking the plunge, make sure your hardware and software doesn't already offer what you're looking for.
First, my bottom line: If you're going to get this, spring for the Pro version. Nuance really tries to pack in a LOT of features in this professional version. It isn't for me, but I could see it utilized in a larger business or corporation.The point of PaperPort is to provide an all-in-one document management solution. The best features in my opinion are:*Create your own PDF Forms.*Annotations & transparent stamps onto PDFs.*Utilizes OCR (optical character resolution) to make any PDF searchable.*Digital camera (or cell phone camera) input with automatic 3D deskewing. It is actually quite neat to see this at work - it straightens the pic, then uses the OCR to read it.*Extract &/or edit images ~within~ any PDF, then copy or file them.*(Note: all of these comments are specific to the Pro version of PaperPort 12)I know you can accomplish most of this with professional versions of Adobe (very expensive). But this is the only software in this price range that I've seen that can accomplish this. So despite some of the more obvious problems, this software may still be a bargain for someone who just needs these specific PDF features.And, for those corporations who already own Adobe, the Adobe software does not come with a comprehensive filing/management system like PaperPort Pro. So I can see some businesses benefiting from both softwares.All that said, it's not for me. There were lots of problems. First, the download took forever - about 25 minutes. The program is large and clunky.Then, it tried to install no fewer than 10 little programs that try to access the internet, are required to run at startup, etc. These things drive me nuts (I use a free program called Scotty the Watchdog to catch all of these things - it was ringing bells and whistles throughout the install).And though I was tempted to keep & use PaperPort 12 Pro (mostly for the camera OCR features), the extra features don't compare with the ease of my current electronic filing system -- Google Docs.On Google Docs, you can create a wide range of PDFs (including searchable PDFs); You can create forms on Google Docs (not PDF forms, but good enough); And though JPGs are not searchable or translated into PDFs, you can add searchable tags to any JPG or document.Google Docs can be locked or password protected in the same way, and docs can also be shared online or across a network. Google Docs probably wouldn't work for a huge corporation, but I am able to manage the accounting for 3 businesses, my academic work, and a few other projects on Google Docs very easily. It's free, and they are adding storage space & new features every day.So I could see a large company benefiting from PaperPort Pro 12, but my free system works just fine for my needs.
This scanning software is ok but nothing special and has several negatives. It works fine but runs rather slow and has an unintuitive interface.  It seems mainly designed to convince users to upgrade to one of the more expensive products offered by the company. In addition it installs too many little programs without any explanation as to their function or why they'd need to access the internet.  Overall, there are too many drawbacks to this product for it to be recommendable.
Updated to delete mention of issues that were fixed in the R4 patch...Intuit's Quickbooks for Mac team has been busy fixing bugs since this product was released, already having published four bug-fixing updates.  There are still some issues with the product which can be read about in the Intuit Community forum, but it is clear that Intuit is working to correct reported issues.Some reports still do not work properly. For example, a Time by Job Summary report is not sorted, and cannot be sorted.  Sorting in most reports is somewhat problematic, only sorting a single field (and often not sorting that field in order).  The team needs to look at the Windows version of the product to see how data is supposed to be organized.Itemized statements duplicate some lines and omit others, so that the sum of the items does not add up to the total shown.There are a few rough edges that require extra mouse clicks vs the Windows product.  For example, if you delete a transaction in a screen such as Enter Bills, the window closes and you have to re-open it to delete another.  Of, if you are entering certain kinds of time or transactional activity, you only have an OK button to save the result, and then have to click to open the dialog to make another entry.  In the Windows version, the dialogs/windows stay open until closed and there are "Save and New" and "Save and Close" buttons.The Invoice screen on Mac has a pure white background.  On Windows, every other line is highlighted in pale blue to make it easier to read the data for the line.  Little things like this make Quickbooks Mac feel less polished.Enter single activity time - has no timer function as on Windows.  On Windows you can click start/stop to accumulate time without jotting down the hour from your watch. Intuit provides a new applet called My Time which provides this stopwatch capability, although it is not as full-features as the Windows Quickbooks Timer app.  My Time has some very rough edges, most notably that it can only record time for a single employee for a single company.Windows users have many more shortcuts available for data entry than Intuit offers in their Mac version.  For example, in Windows you can use the Ctrl-S shortcut, as in Quicken, to open up the split transaction view of a register entry, or in a date field you can enter "t" for "today", "m" for the first day of the current month and many other date shortcuts.  With QB Mac 2010, none of these are available.Also,  QB Mac does not use context menus (right click pop-up menu) consistently or well.  When in a checking account register, for example, a right click offers no QuickBooks commands.  The Windows version offers most appropriate commands there.  QB Mac does use context menus in other areas, so this must just be an unintended omission.Two service companies without payroll seemed to import fine from QB Win 2008.  A third company with payroll brought over less employee information than I would have hoped, even given that Intuit advertises Quickbooks Mac as not having integrated payroll.  First, there is no nice Employee Center as there is in QB Win;  you just get a list of employees.  Second, double-clicking an employee name brings up only the basic address information along with SSN and hire date from "Personal Info".  Date of birth and gender are gone - not even automatically created as custom fields to preserve the data. No payroll and compensation data is brought over to QB Mac .  Zilch.  So, no items, pay rates, frequency, filing status, allowances, withholding, etc.  All gone.  Presumably all of this has to be entered manually into the online payroll service that Intuit sells.  There is no built-in (private and secure to your computer) payroll option as with the Windows version.  The online payroll  costs considerably more than basic payroll (1 to 3 employees) for QB Win and does not make economic sense for a firm with  a small payroll.Existing paychecks and payroll liability payments, however, display full split detail, but no payroll liability accounts were created in QB Mac, so proper reports for converted payroll cannot be generated.  (Actually, NO reports for payroll can be generated - the option just is not there.  My memorized payroll reports came across and do report on the payroll items which are otherwise inaccessible in QB Mac. That is really bizarre.  If I had not had any memorized payroll reports, then none would be available in QB Mac for my converted transactions.)The split detail refers to Payroll Items as in QB Pro Win, but there is no way to access, edit or report on these items in QB Mac.  It seems impossible to create a new check with the same format.  How hard would it be to have a "New paycheck" or "New liability payment" option that gave you the same split info for new transactions?  Intuit KB article 1009746 suggests that you must create liability accounts manually and issue checks in a completely different way than the imported checks.  So, how can you generate coherent payroll reports for an entire year, where you switched from Windows to Mac in the middle of the year?  I don't think it is possible.A 570 page e-book is part of the product, downloadable from the Help menu.  This book, "Quickbooks Mac 2010 The Official eBook" by Maria Langer and published by McGraw Hill, is a tremendous value for anyone just starting out doing accounting with Quickbooks Mac, and even for experienced users looking at features that they may not have used before.I recommend that you download the free trial of this product before purchasing if you have any questions about whether it can handle your accounting needs.
My business is non-traditional, so keep that in mind when reading this review.  I have a freelance writing side business, so it seemed that Quickbooks would help me keep track of those finances.  I had been using spreadsheets to do this.  At the end of the day, I just didn't find Quickbooks as customizable as I would have liked.  I always felt it was forcing me to conform to the way the programmers wanted to work, rather than Quickbooks working with my unique needs. Maybe it was made for a more traditional business model?  Managing personal finances was also a chore.  It just doesn't want to work that way.
Quickbooks is generally a great program in so many ways, but it seems like not as much attention is spent on the Mac version vs the PC version. Mac people swear by Mac vs PC but I'm not convinced. Software is still not built or supported as well for Mac. And as an aside, my father's Mac has a lot more crashes and problems than my PC ever has!
Since converting to the Mac OS platform nearly three years ago, I have found two obvious consistencies: 1) It was the best decision I ever made, and 2) companies like Intuit, Microsoft, and other PC-centric software developers can't seem to make a serious attempt at creating a Mac version of their classic and well-respected software. Microsoft cannot seem to make Office anywhere near as usable as the Windows version (even though their latest PC version is more Mac-like than their latest Mac version) and Intuit cannot seem to make a matching Mac version for Quicken or QuickBooks.The latest version, QuickBooks 2010 for Mac, continues this tradition of half-hearted attempts to create a Mac version. Frankly, I cannot be as thorough as some of the other reviewers because I gave up trying to make this work as a replacement for my Windows version and reverted back to using the Windows version in a Parallels virtual Windows PC. Though my accountant hates QuickBooks, the Windows version is fairly usable bookkeeping software for the average Joe; it is just unfortunate that Mac users have to suffer through its shortcommings... luckily for the user with not-to-grand needs, there are plenty of interesting Mac-centric accounting packages out there worth looking at.
Intuit knew there was something wrong with 2009 that is why they virutal gave it away.  Now if you are 2007 or older user you have no choice but upgrade to 2010.  I cannot speak on the windows 7 issue people are having with 2010 I am still running Vista and it does work on it.  I do not use much beyond the general accounting, so for my use it works without isues. I do not use with the payroll, so I cannot comment on that.  The biggest issue is with this every year upgrade crap..  How about a Service Pack that adds the additional features.Intuit needs to do a better job at publishing the life cycle of Quickbooks so the user when can expect their product to be out of support, while they have a webpage. That has a discontinuation plan it lacks information on when 2008 and 2009 will be out of support [...] Supporting a product for 3 years is crazy.  I realize most of us would not upgrade without a real reason but the lifecycle should be longer than 3 years for a pricier product.This is from Intuit's websiteWhy Services EndWe're committed to developing easy, straightforward products that help you today and grow with you into tomorrow - but it's a balancing act. To help ensure the best products and services for all our customers, we support our services on our latest product (QuickBooks 2010) and the two previous versions (QuickBooks 2008 and QuickBooks 2009).Still one of the packages out there so I would still recommend, you just need to know what you are getting yourself into with the support and upgrades
Like many have said, 2010 is a fine program--a little faster than 2008 and much better all around from 2009 but still I am left wishing someone would write something that would give Intuit a real competitor to improve against. As it stands there is little else that does what Quickbooks does without it being painful like PeachTree or worse. The problem is that Intuit just seems to do "enough". Enough features to do the job but many that are extra to use. Enough quality to work most of the time, but still not as solid as it could be. They continue to force users to upgrade to new versions every 2 years, yet the software doesn't get much better.As most people have said, they should make it say $50 more but include payroll and some of the other silly addons to make it truly useful for most small businesses. As it stands, you pay for this software, then payroll, then checks to use with this, etc. I think buyers need to understand the QB software cost is only part of what you actually pay Intuit.But like most businesses, I will continue to use Quick Books until something else decent comes along...we can all dream right?
I've never personally used animation software before, but have seen some professional animation 3D animation done before, and have a huge interest in the field, so I was excited to see what the software had to offer.  At the high price tag, I assumed this would be "professional" grade software, allowing me to do at least "semi-professional work."  Unfortunately that's just not the case.  Sure the software is easy to use compared to the "real deal," but don't think that you'll be animating the next Toy Story, or even making any halfway decent looking movie.  The customization options are near endless, but when it comes down to it, the human renderings are not very lifelike- I've seen better looking stuff come from my less powerful Xbox 360 games.  If you want to spend a lot of money and get some professional software I'd recommend getting Apple's Motion 4 (included in Final Cut Studio).  Sure it's SLIGHTLY more expensive, but with that software you can make professional grade animations.I will still give Poser 8 3 stars because it is in itself decent software, but should be advertised as "personal" grade software that it is and at a lower price.  But when it comes down to it, unless you enjoy making amateurish looking movies and animations I can't really think of a use for this software.  The "new" lip-syncing feature sure sounds cool, but again, lip syncing is (at least at at the present time) is something that needs to be fine tuned by hand, and isn't going to look great when done by some algorithm.Again, I can't recommend this software at this price point, but if there is ever a (very large) sale this may be a halfway decent introductory software piece.
Poser 8 is, on the surface, a cool program, claiming to bring easy 3D animation to the masses. Well, they didn't make it easy enough. I'll be the first to admit that this is as much my fault as it is a limitation of the program. But I also think the user interface isn't as well designed as it could be. I didn't spend a whole lot of time with this one before I simply gave up. A lot of other people seem to like it, so you might have better results. But it wasn't for me.
After spending every free hour for the last week with this program, I have mixed feelings about it.  I don't make my living from making films, but I have made a few industrial videos with compositing, green-screen live action and various special effects.  I'm a serious amateur photographer and musician.  So I'm pretty familiar with complex software.  My regular 'kit' includes titles like Photoshop, Logic, Final Cut, Digital Performer and so on.  But I'm a novice when it comes to 3D and animation in general.  I approached Poser 8 with eagerness, and looked forward to learning new things.Poser 8 is cross-platform. I tested it on my Mac:  8-cores, dual monitors, Wacom tablet.  The installation was long but uneventful.  I found an update on the website and applied it with no difficulty.  Normally, I'm a plunge-in and get going type, but I decided to follow the tutorials.  This is where the first problems arose.  It doesn't look like anyone did any serious proofreading.  Many of the tutorials appear to have been written for earlier versions of the program, and have not been fully updated.  There are frequent references to objects in the user interface that have changed--often significantly.  There are also references to tools and palettes that have not been described.  This is a cardinal sin for writers of tutorials: never use a term you haven't described.  I found the tutorials helpful and frustrating in equal measure.My first experiments with posing the stock figures were done with no one looking over my shoulder.  That's a good thing.  The controls are very sensitive and first efforts tended to look like accident victims.  Ouch!  But after a little practice, I began to get the hang of it.  There are various amounts of articulation in the provided figures, with the Poser8 figures the most capable. The user can basically operate every joint in the human body.  Not every position looks natural, but that's why real animation professionals are different from the rest of us.  Poser is centered around building 'scenes', with user control over nearly every facet: camera position, lighting, characters and props.  Dolly shots that would break the budget in a real film shoot are available in Poser with only a little effort.  As in regular animation, the user can create keyframes, with Poser filling in the intermediate moves.  If there are problems in those intermediate frames, you can dive in a little deeper and fix things.It's important to note that there are a number of features in modern animation that are not present in Poser.  There is no gravity and there is no wind.  Hair stays in place like a TV weatherman's. Fat doesn't bob up and down as a character moves.  Poser characters--although well-articulated--are still obviously mannequins.One of the features I looked forward to was the so-called Face Room.  In this window, the user can import photographs and apply them to characters.  The principle is to take an image and apply it to an existing form, reshaping the form to match the imported face.  I took a couple of head shots (front and side) of myself and set to work.  This was a disaster.  The user interface is virtually incomprehensible.  I've used both morphing and panorama software in which points must be matched between two shots.  Generally, this is simple to use: you set a point on a feature in one shot and then set a matching point on the other shot.  You set as many points as you need.  In Poser 8, you have only limited points (3 for the nose, 4 for each eye, 4 for the mouth), with none for hairline, earhole, nostrils, bridge of nose or other important features.  I spend a few hours with this, following instructions carefully, and never came up with anything better than horrible.  My first effort looked like the monster from 'Predator'.  My second looked like Gollum.  I have my good days and my bad days, but I look better than that!I've been aware of Poser for a long time.  It's been available for well over a decade.  But I get the feeling that the developers have spent that decade in a cave, never glancing at other software.  To call the user interface 'challenging' would be too kind.  There are many types of common controls (like pan and zoom) that you find in all sorts of software.  Usually you can figure them out immediately, since there's a real advantage in software behaving similarly.  Not in Poser.  In the aforementioned Face Room you pan around a picture by dragging on the Pan tool.  In every other program, you pan by dragging the image.  Poser abounds with peculiarities like this.  Features that should be easy to use become arcane.  Another feature that demonstrates how to do a good thing badly is the ability to undock windows and tools.  Most programs of any complexity allow you to work in an integrated window with the ability to undock sub-windows for use on another monitor.  This is generally a good thing.  But in Poser, you find that an errant mouse click is all you need to undock a window. After that, it's almost impossible to put it back.  And some features like window close buttons are so small as to be nearly impossible to click.There are also some instabilities in the program.  There is a tablet mode for devices such as my Wacom pad.  Unfortunately it's buggy in multiple-monitor systems.  Perhaps some of my other complaints are simple bugs waiting to be fixed.  I emailed customer support to report the tablet problem.  I sent the email early on Saturday morning and received a reply within a couple of hours.  This was impressive.I believe that there are many useful things I can do with Poser, but I find the program puts too much unnecessary struggle in the way.  There's much hidden potential that is likely to remain hidden.
I've been in the IT profession for many, many years. I have not done professional video production, but I have edited many home and small business videos, and consider myself fairly tech savvy having used Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator with ease.  I figured I would try my hand at some rudimentary video animation.Not so fast.I found this program EXTREMELY difficult to use and, judging from the other reviews, I am not alone in this opinion.  If you have little to no previous experience with animation software, I would suggest you start with something else or take a class for this, if you can find one.  For those of you more daring, good luck to you.Considering the option sets I've seen, and parts of the tutorials I've read, it is a very versatile piece of software.  Unfortunately, I could not give it all the credit it probably deserves.  It's just too difficult to use.
*Installation/First Look**Office 2008 (Mac) vs. Office 2000 (PC)***Cost vs. Benefit Analysis****Alternatives*****Pro's and Con's******RecapHardware used:MacBook Pro 1.83/ 10.5.8/ 2GB of RAM*This beautifully packaged, 2-disc set comes in with the Office logos impressed against a black background to distinguish it from the lesser program, "Home and Office" which is on a rather unappealing yellow background.  I suspect it has everything to do with an up-sell, but I'll get to that in a moment.Installation took about 45 minutes.  As installation was proceeding, I thought about the programs that I wouldn't use since I already have a copy of Office 2000 and it's not in use.  So, I decided to I needed to get rid of Entourage and Messenger.  I had trouble finding the uninstall button and I didn't want to make the mistake of dragging those app's into the trash and risk a problem when Microsoft send those security updates.To uninstall the program and/or do a custom install, here's the process:Applications-Microsoft Office 2008-Additional Tools-Remove OfficeDoing a custom install, believe it or not, saved me almost 1GB of space.  Once I had the program installed, the program engaged in a search for an older edition of Office, to either deposit in the trash or to have itself positioned along side.  What's interesting is that the program wasn't able to recognize Office 2000 that was encased in Fusion w/ Windows XP.  This worked out just fine for me as I brought up Fusion, then Office 2000 with my Word and Excel files.  Dragged a copy of a file from each program on to the Mac side of my compare it to the new Word and Excel programs.**As compared to Office 2000, Office 2008 is beautifully re-designed.  The streamlined header against a silver grey background is a nice touch.  If you're using one of the older versions of Office, you'll appreciate the new look.  What Microsoft has wisely done is take a page from Adobe and adopted more of a minimalistic design.  Keeping the frequently used New/Open/Save/Print/Format. There's also a sub-header and when engaged like "Document Elements" a drop down display is revealed with a picture viewer style of templates at your disposal.  No more going to the top bar, clicking headers and working your way through the, sometimes, dizzying sections.  Everything is neatly displayed and easy to get to.  Clicking again on the sub-header brings it back to its original position.Using the programs itself hasn't changed however.  Since I've been working on a longer than usual review of a new Louis Armstrong biography, I wondered if there were any hidden advantages using the new Word program.  I did the same for next year's budget for our company.  This would be one of the things that one should consider when thinking of upgrading and especially concerning the cost.*** The most impressive thing so far is the re-design of the suite.  But, fundamentally, this is only cosmetic.  The functionality hasn't changed.  If you have an older version of Office, is it worth your wild to upgrade?  If you need to upgrade can you get away with Office "Home & Student Ed."?This is where it gets tricky for someone in my position.  I work during the day as an account rep./ payroll admin.  I also have my own multi-media company.  As I mentioned earlier, I have Office 2000 (PC) installed on my MacBook thanks to my virtual software VMWare Fusion.  From a practical standpoint, the answer is "no."  Office 2000 is almost 10 years old and it was something I didn't have to buy since I bought my Mac a couple of years ago.  All of my PC software I migrated over when I bought Fusion.Cost is another consideration that I found a bit disconcerting.  Depending on what your needs are, there may be no logical reason to go with the "Business Ed.," ($310, Amazon).  The Home/Student Ed., ($99, Amazon) is roughly 1/3 the price and you have most of the core features of the Business ed., with the exception of the "Training videos from [...]", 200 business templates and Exchange Server support.  (Free tutorials on the entire suite is available on YouTube and there are dozen of pages of free templates offered via a Google search.)  So, for $200 less, the only thing you'd really be missing is the Server support.****There are other alternatives.  If you have a licensed, older copy from your PC days, then buying a virtual software (around $60) enables you to use that software and the other PC/ Windows based programs without having to buy a newer or a Mac OS version.There's, of course, the free office suites available such as OpenOffice, ThinkFree, Google Docs and Zoho to name a few.***** Pro's And Con'sPro's+Beautiful, streamlined interface with easier to use tabs+Introduction of a "Detachable palette" for extra functions relieves the  header of having unnecessary functions always present.+Office suite takes up less space on the hd as compared to older ver.'s+Extra software is included on disc #2, and doesn't have to be installed.+Icons automatically install on Dock.Con's-Cost.  Exorbitant.-The Business Ed. is 3x of the standard version, but with nothing to justify the cost difference.-There are free alternative available that functions the same of MS Office.******RecapI'm surprised that I like this version of MS Office, however, there aren't enough technical advances to justify the cost of a whole new program, especially if you have a fairly recent version.  Comparing to Office of 10 years ago, there's only cosmetic changes here.Price is also a major consideration.  The Business Edition is way over-priced.  If the standard version, "Home & Student" has a street price of $100, this should follow at about $150.  For a small business needing an Office suite, I'd recommend MS Office Home & Student over everything else available because ease of use and the likelihood that someone is fairly familiar with Office by now.  But, the free alternatives can't be discounted.I'd like to give this 3- stars and perhaps the Home & Student 4, but since there are no half stars, I'm forced to give 3 stars.
Microsoft Office is the de-facto king of the business productivity software hill, so if you want to be able to open and share documents with businesses partners, vendors, and clients, you don't have much of a choice. The only question is which version of Office do you need.I work in the multimedia department of a large media conglomerate and use Word, Excel, and Powerpoint on a routine basis. These are really the only programs you need on a day-to-day basis. Chances are, you don't need an explanation of these programs as you've used them before. For presentations, however, we're moving more and more towards Keynote, which gives the author much nicer animations, flare, and control than Powerpoint.Most of the company uses PC's, so Outlook is the most common email platform. For whatever reason, Microsoft has decided not to make Outlook available on the Mac. Instead, it's Entourage, which functions in a significantly different way than Outlook does. Part of my job is to create Outlook HTML email templates for clients to send out. I compose them from the designs sent to me by the art department and save out the .msg files for the client to open and drop in their text and send out.Entourage does not support .msg files nor does it support HTML email capabilities very well. Creating an HTML email that is perfectly standards-compliant will often result in a jumbled layout when imported into Entourage. If you intend to make a lot of HTML emails, Entourage is the wrong way to go. Reading HTML emails in Entourage is fine, but forget about trying to send one out from it.The Business Edition includes Sharepoint, which I've never seen anyone use. We share documents by emailing them around. Microsoft Messenger is free, so really, all you need is theMicrosoft Office 2010 Home & Student (Disc Version)edition, even if you're a large business.
I've used Office for Windows for years, and for the last several months, have used Office 2008 for OS X at work. The Business Edition differs from the Home/Student Edition by offering Exchange Server support (necessary if you have a corporate email account running Exchange) and support for Sharepoint (we use this religiously at work for collaboration). If you don't need either of those, the Home/Student Edition will do fine.Installation itself is rather simple. On a Macbook Pro, this takes a matter of minutes. If you have an older version of Office (2004, for instance), the install will find it and delete it and migrate settings over if you need it. It also runs AutoUpdate after installation, which will pull service packs for Office (which is now on SP2.)Office 2008 is a universal binary program, so it will run on the older PowerPC Macs and the latest (since 2006 or so) Intel-based Macs. On older Macs, it seems more responsive than Office 2004 for basic functions like documents and PIM (Entourage). Entourage 2008 has replaced Outlook for me at work for months now, and I'm able to function just fine with the occasional quirk here and there.Buying Office products suck. Fundamentally, not much has changed in the last 10+ years. I don't blame Microsoft, I blame the fact that word processing and office software has sort of hit the ceiling of what it can accomplish. There's nothing compelling to make a user upgrade but at the same time you can't save money by buying an older copy.Apple reviewers tend to malign Microsoft products, but Microsoft's doing something right with this much market share. They make for a good punching bag too, but I think that they make decent products, all rhetoric aside. The price is still too much for some considering there's free alternatives out there (even iWork '09 is a good competitor and cheaper), and I suggest you try them out to find what works for you. Office 2008 is great and I'm glad to use it, but I definitely wouldn't buy the Business Edition unless there was a need for Exchange support.Would I recommend Office 2008 if it were inexpensive (Home/Student Edition level pricing)? Yes.Would I recommend Office 2008 for home users at $300 a copy? No. However, the $300 is worth it for enterprise users if you've got a corporate Exchange environment.
Note that this software package is an upgrade version. You must be a licensed user of any Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition suite or application, or any Office for Mac 2001-2004 suite or application.Unlike a lot of people, I've always been an admirer of Microsoft products. Granted, they tend to be expensive, overpriced even, but they typically do what they're intended to do with a fair amount of ease. The 2008 version of Office for Mac is more of the same -- the familiar suite of office programs with some spiffed up new features -- only it suffers from the problem that causes many users to loathe Microsoft: instability. The program is generally reliable, but it still had enough problems, including an overall slowness, to be frustrating for me. I like the features, like the ease of use. But overall I kept wishing that the platform was just a little more stable.
Office 2008 for Mac offers some reasonable new features and a cleaner interface when compared to Office 2004 for Mac, particularly the capabilities of Word 2008 to do pretty much everything Microsoft Publisher can do on Windows.  This Business Edition includes quite a few extra templates for newsletters, and such, and additional clip art.  Usage for everyday tasks is pleasant.That said, the installation is a strange thing.  You can customize the installation to omit any of the products, for example PowerPoint.  But, you cannot later go back and install the missing product - at least after having run the automatic updates.  Similarly, if you install everything, there is no uninstaller to delete a particular application and all of its related files.  (There are mixed reports of problems from just dragging an Office app into the trash.)  This differs greatly from the Windows installer which provides the ability to add or remove components at any time.  I wanted to get rid of Entourage, but the Microsoft web site recommends leaving it.Entourage may provide an all-in-one center, like Outlook on Windows, however it does not seem to easily support synchronization with Google calendar and contact - like OS X Mail and OS X Address Book do so easily - and in general just feels like a typical Microsoft 'insular' piece of software.  I passed on using it in the 2004 edition, and will continue to pass.Word 2004 supported some functions for desktop publishing types of things - with text boxes that could be linked to and overflow into other ones.  But it was awkward, visually, and limited.  Word 2008 makes creating newsletters and more quite pleasant.  A text box indicates clearly (as in Microsoft Publisher on Windows) that it has more text than can be displayed, so that you can create one or more overflow boxes - each of which is then numbered visually to keep them straight. (The numbers and other user hints are of course not printed.)  Clip Art is a joy, with not just easy browsing and drag-and-drop, but many customization options that are visible instantly, from 2D and 3D shadows, to glows, mirroring on a virtual 'floor', and more.I should note, however, that Word 2008 Mac will NOT open Microsoft Publisher (pub) files.  So, if you are moving to a Mac from Windows and hoping for a Publisher replacement... you found it ... except that you cannot continue to use your existing files.  (If you have access to a newer version of Publisher for Windows, it might be able to save in format that lets Word read most of the content. )All palettes and interface elements seem more pleasant on the eyes and easier to use to me.  In Excel, for example, the function palette not only lets you quickly find a desired function, but provides a nice labeled list for entering its parameters.  Excel 2004 feels primitive in comparison.As has been noted loudly since Office 2008 arrived nearly two years ago, it does not support Visual Basic for Applications, which is used for macros and custom functions and interfaces in all Office apps.  Most users do not require this functionality, but if you do and have Office 2004 on your machine, you should keep it just for those files that need VBA support.  Microsoft is supposedly returning VBA support in the next release of Office for Mac.Then, there are the dock icons, which are pretty much unchanged.  I guess it is a love 'em or hate 'em thing.  My wife absolutely hates them.  I'm ambivalent.  But, like all Mac icons, you can change them if they really drive you crazy.As with earlier versions, the packaging is very Mac-like, suggesting that Microsoft is trying to provide a Mac experience.  But, that is a trick.  (No big surprise there.)  Office 2008 really does not want to integrate with your Mac apps, particularly Address Book, iCal, or Mail.  You cannot generate mailing labels or any kind of mail merge from your Address Book data unless you sync it into Entourage.  That is so irritating to me that I dropped one star just for that.  The one integrated thing that I did notice was that in the image palette in Word, the default was to browse iPhoto events.  (You can also browse to any image folder on your system.)
For once Norton finally got it right! I had the Norton 360 last year and had all sorts of problems installing it and to work out to get it to run right and quit messing with my other programs. Norton Internet Security 2010 installed without a single hitch and hasn't interfered with any of my other programs. First thing it found a Trojan virus and a couple of other virus's that the Norton 360 missed. I'm just lucky that they hadn't been in my system very long.I've had it installed for about a month now and it has been working very well. What I really like about this one is all the information I want to see is actually easy to get to from its main window that opens when I click the icon. From it I can look at the scan history, see who and if anybody has tried to get past my firewall, what's been put in quarantine, and anything else it has found. It runs the updates and background scans without taking up a lot of resources and bogging my computer down. It actually runs so smooth that I don't even notice when its doing a scan. I've used Norton for over 10 years and they have ALWAYS had some problem or other. But so far this version has been running PERFECT AND PROBLEM FREE. The only thing that I don't like is it doesn't have the utilities that the Norton 360 had and it removed all of the ones from 360 when it installed. If it still had those I would have gave it 5 stars.Just before my Norton subscription ran out it let me down big time and then left me with a very big problem. Some how it missed several email virus's and Trojans that got into my Windows Live email program. For the last 6 weeks they have sent infected emails to everybody in my address book and the Norton didn't catch a single one of them. Now I have had to close all my email accounts and everybody that was in my address book is very PO'd at me.Now that my Norton subscription has run out I have another very big problem. I can no longer access any of the user names and passwords that are in the Norton ID security. It was great having it and made it easy to go to any of my usual web sites that I shop at or order supplies from for my wood turning and pen making. Just go to the bookmarked web page and Norton would enter my user name and password. Knowing my Norton was going to run out I saved a backup copy of my log in user names and passwords last month but they are in a Norton backup .NPM file, that I cant open! So now I have to go through the hassle of going to all my most used web sites and try to retrieve my user name and password or I have to set up all new accounts with all of them. Its that or buy another year of the Norton, that I don't need since the Norton let me down I've switched to AVG.
Yes, this works fine, is easy to install, etc.This review is limited to the "3 PC" feature.  I bought this awhile back on sale although at the time all my PC's had anti-virus with several months to go on their subscriptions.  One ran out recently, so I installed NIS 2010 on that PC.  Everything worked fine, 365 days left on the subscription, etc.Yesterday the subscription on my laptop ran out so I installed this.  Instead of showing 365 days more on the subscription, it showed 340.  In other words, THIS DOES NOT PROVIDE ONE YEAR OF PROTECTION FOR EACH OF 3 PC'S IT PROVIDES ONE YEAR OF PROTECTION BETWEEN TWO DATES.  So, for instance, if you load this on a desktop on January 1 and on a laptop on December 1, the laptop subscription will run out in 30 days.Because of that, I am giving this a 3 instead of a 5.
I previously had MapPoint 2004 installed and was generally happy with it. As with most upgrades, this one demonstrates that "more" is not necessarily "better."First of all, installation is slow. Even though I installed the program from the DVD, it still goes on line to install parts of the program. Even with a fast internet connection, downloading and installing those parts, especially .net, took a long time. Even more annoying is it tries to install the Bing search engine and MSN Live toolbar...pretty lame for such expensive software, but at least it gives you the option to opt out.You have to activate it before you can use it, and it took four tries to activate over the internet.The new interface is similar to the the one in '04, only with larger icons. Navigating is more clumsy, however. In MP 2004, there was a toolbar icon which toggled between zoom and pan mode. If you wanted to zoom in on an area, you held down the left mouse button and dragged a square and clicked inside it.In MP 2010 left click/drag is only pan. To drag to zoom you have to use right click/drag. The only way to find this out is from the help files. Not hard to find, but an unnecessary "improvement."Drag to zoom is also touchy...not always making a zoom box, but sometimes bringing up another dialog.There's a handy Bing map icon, and it doesn't default to IE... it uses your default browser, a pleasant surprise. Bing map defaults to "Aerial" view, which is higher up and often in b&w; vs. "Bird's Eye" which is color and better resolution. Google maps, however offer better resolution and closer views in most cases.Another interface quirk I discovered: In the "Search" box, right click commands (cut, copy, paste) work. In the Trip Planner, however, they don't, and you must use the keyboard commands (&lt;ctrl V>, etc).I put in trip plans for known destinations and it was pretty good. The maps are up to date.I don't have the other hardware to test the gps or mobile phone features.If you have a business that depends heavily on travel this might be the one for you. If you just need simple software for trip planning, Streets and Trips for about 1/8 the price will probably work just as well.
I was expecting to like MapPoint a lot more than I did. I guess I was hoping for a well designed Microsoft user interface experience, but MapPoint just feels gimicky and poorly designed. Too may ugly icons and very little feel of quality to the application.I encountered several cases of weird behavior, though overall the program performed as advertised.If you don't need the business data features of the program then there's definitely no reason to buy this over the much cheaper Microsoft Streets and Trips.I've never been a huge fan of the DeLorme user interface either, but for the price I just expected more from Microsoft.I believe MapPoint is a superset of Streets and Trips, so if you have MapPoint then you should be able to do everything with it that you can with Streets and Trips such as trip planning / routing, GPS based guidance, etc.If you need some basic GIS software to present business data as map overlays, then this is one of the only inexpensive solutions that I know of, and for that it can be worthwhile. Just be prepared for it to not feel up to the quality of other Microsoft applications.
I was interested in this software for business presentations, and I spent the day playing with it to try it out.  It was easy to install, no problems.  It isn't too difficult to manipulate, although I think the controls could be made a bit more intuitive.  (I think that about many programs; don't even get me started on Word 2007!)What I kept considering was the copy of Streets & Trips 2010 I recently installed, at a price 80 - 90% LESS than MapPoint 2010.  I did not personally test the GPS feature, but both programs can upload to a GPS.  Both produce maps easily.  You can do more manipulation of the maps with MapPoint 2010 than with Streets & Trips, but unless you absolutely need a very specific map format you can't get with Streets & Trips, I cannot understand what makes MapPoint worth so much more than Streets & Trips.  Maybe someone else can explain it?
MapPoint is definitely a step up from your typical online mapping tools. However, I'm not sure that it's practical for use in business planning like it tries to be.  You can map territories, match your product to demographics, and map clients and prospect business, but there is no real compelling reason to do this in MapPoint.  The data is likely a couple of years old already, and it does not come with free updates (except for road construction updates, which is the last thing you care about for business planning).  Other features like routing and finding nearby places is likewise crippled by old data, so I have found I am better off with technology like my GPS, iPhone, or the internet in general.  The most useful feature to date has been the ability to import our client and prospect data, so that I can see where our clients are, where our course attendees are coming from, and where  there is a high concentration of untapped prospects.  Again, one doesn't really need MapPoint for this, but it does give a nice visual representation of the data.
I was a little worried with I got Acronis True Image Home 2010 and saw that there were more 1 star reviews than 5 star reviews. Generally I don't want to mess around with any software that others have had major problems with, particularly when it is software that can mess up your drive partitions and ability to boot into Windows.I did create some data back-ups without any problems. You can create data back-ups within the Acronis Windows software or while running the Acronis software after booting from the Acronis disc. However in order to create a drive image you have to boot from the Acronis disc. I booted up using the Acronis disc and I created a drive image copy of my C: partition without any problems. I didn't try restoring that image to my C: drive. So creating the back-ups worked well for me. I did encounter a problem when I booted up using the Acronis disc. When I went to indicate what drives I wanted to back-up, Acronis did not show all of the partitions on my drive. I noticed the same problem again after I installed another hard drive and installed Windows 7 on it. When I booted from the Acronis disc and went to the Backup Wizard, it did not show any of the partitions on my 1 TB Windows 7 drive, and it only showed 2 of 6 partitions on my old drive.Speaking of Windows 7, Acronis True Image Home 2010 indicates that it will work with Windows 7 but to get "full Windows 7 integration" you need to upgrade to Acronis True Image Home 2011 (which was still in beta in July 2010 and I don't know the official release date). I haven't tried Acronis 2010 with Windows 7 because I've been using the back-up program that comes with Windows 7 Professional. The 2 programs seem rather similar to me for backing up data and partitions. However one thing I liked better about Acronis is that you can easier see what is on your back-up drive. With the Windows 7 Backup, all of the back-ups and images on my back-up drive are hidden and can only be seen when using Windows Backup.There are some other features in Acronis 2010 and 2011 that you might find useful such as: Acronis online backup, clone partition, clean (erase) a drive, file shredder, and "Try & Decide." With Try & Decide, you can install a new program and test it out. If you decide you don't like it, Acronis will restore your system.My rating is 3 stars, meaning it's OK. I'm still a little gun-shy about the program because of the serious issues that others have reported, and there were some minor issues that I encountered.
I have used this software to backup my computer running windows xp and it does what it says. That being said, I was using the built in backup software that comes with windows and that was adequate for my needs and probably for many other users needs as well.  If you need more than an occassional backup of your system then Acronis True Image is a good choice.  A new version of this software is now available.
This software is improved over previous versions. It is easier to install, and more intuitive to use. It allows you to backup your whole system, or just parts of it. You can also just backup files that have been updated as well.Works well with windows 7, and will let you boot from a backup image when used with win7. Thats pretty cool.You can also set it to backup files every so often, like 5 minutes, 10 minutes etc, for continuous protection.Previous versions of this software were not so intuitive, and required a good amount of technical knowledge to use properly. This one is much better in that respect without sacrificing features.
I had some trouble right off the bat trying to install this software. The code had 64 characters and kept giving me an error -- saying I entered an invalid code. I checked several times and it was not incorrect. I finally went to the website and saw you could register there and then get a code to be copy and pasted. I did that and got a new code, which did the trick.I also expected some degree of online storage -- but this turned out to be an additional expense. But I am glad to have the piece of mind now that my hard disk is backed up. Just wish the entire process was a bit more intuitive.
I read the box carefully.  I read many of the reviews.  Decided to install this first on one of my older computers.First of all entering the VERY long security code is extremely annoying.  (I've had smaller easier to enter security codes for software that is in the thousands of dollars).Second, this is not for the faint of heart.  The product description on the box was enough to make me cautious about installing it.  Reading the reviews terrified me.If you are wanting the ability to create an image of you main hard drive so that you can recover you system in case of a fatal error this is one package to consider.  If you are looking for simple data back up look for a less invasive program.So far no problems but given all the reviews and problems I am hesitantly optimistic.
I got this software more for the cloning than anything else. I already have backup with my antivirus program so that is not a big deal for me.The program was easy to install and a pretty quick process. It is when I tried to backup my drive that it took a very long time. Furthermore, it really does not compress the file size so it will take a large portion of your hard drive. Make sure you get an external hard drive when backing up or else the whole backup process would be moot as the program automatically runs the backup on the hard drive it's backing up unless you specify for it to go to another drive.My friend who repairs computers for a living uses this software so it made me feel pretty good about having this program. He used this to clone my drive to another one when I was upgrading my hard drive size. The cloning process worked very well, although just be prepared to wait. It was able to copy over all of the OS and files so it appear as if the hard drive was never taken out.One thing I want to caution everyone is do not use this program to backup files and folders. It takes a long time and if you do use this, do not cancel the action or it will mess up the hard drive. This happened to me and I had to wipe the hard drive completely off in order for it to be assessible again.One last thought I had on this program is that the "remaining" time it shows is never accurate. It changes so sporadically so do not rely on the remaining time.Overall, this is great for cloning a drive and can be debatable when it comes to backing up a drive.
Over the years, I've lost info to all sorts of things from hard drive crashes to a virus, but mainly due to my own tendency to mess around with my computers.  (I teethed on DOS and never lost that love of experimentation.) The point is, I'm forever filling my drive with photos because I somehow manage to end up with multiple copies of each huge file (that's my fault) and pretty soon, I'm running out of gigabytes again.  Being impatient and really hating to read directions -- I prefer to let my fingers take over -- I'll use a nice little program like Double-Killer (free) to weed out the extras, but not bother to make sure I'm keeping the right ones. It would take hours and hours to check them, so I inevitably find out I've deleted the wrong files at least half the time. Okay, two-thirds of the time.I use Carbonite -- cloud back-up -- religiously, but if I've deleted the wrong photos and haven't noticed this for at least a month (I think), Carbonite assumes I don't want them anymore and deletes them as well.  And of Course I forget to check them all, so I also back up on an external hard drive.  Two of them (they tend to die without warning). This would be perfect if I kept them up to date all the time, but, well. . . I forget.That's why I ordered Acronis True Image. It's another line of defense and quicker to go through than searching Carbonite or my external hard drives. Also, I really get tired of having to restore my hard drive set-up after I've done something stupid. That's the other reason.In the past, I've used Ghost, but didn't care for it.  After installing Acronis without much difficulty I found out that I didn't care much for it either, but at least I know why:  my hard drive, as usual, is too full. Acronis works for my (64-bit 500 gig Toshiba), but far too slowly and it eats up what little space I've cleared.I have a Pro Flickr account, so I'm in the process of uploading every last photo and only keeping the ones I use frequently on the computer itself. I have a feeling that once that's completed, I'll be able to use Acronis as it's meant to be used and that if I have a blue screen of death or other monster-failure, I'll be able to reboot quickly and repair my machine without program loss.Acronis does do a nice backup job, as far as it can go right now.  It backs up constantly in the background and I can pick and choose what I want to back-up at any given time. (You can also make a full, complete backup - at least if you have space!) Since Carbonite and Flickr and even my external backups are nearly all data files, I'm relying on Acronis for program backup and imaging my disk.  I'm only backing up a few programs at this point - one's I'd have difficulty restoring -- and I'm very pleased with True Image's ability to do only what I need for now.  I can also edit the back-up, send changes to my external drives and easily make a life-saving boot CD.A very nice feature is that Acronis True Image allows me to restore things while I'm using my computer.  This version doesn't include any anti-virus protection, but I don't want it; I'm happy with Microsoft's free anti-virus program. (Tech guru Leo LaPorte says it's just fine, and he seems to be right, as usual. He was certainly right about investing in Carbonite.)Would I buy it again?  I don't know yet.  I'll get back to you on that once I have the disk space to really give True Image a workout. It's fine on the few programs I've backed up with it for safe-keeping already. ([...] is one of my software pleasures.)I'm reviewing now because I have a feeling a lot of us have the overflowing disk problem, whether it's due to games, movies, music, photos, or some other reason I haven't thought of. I'm giving three stars for now because it doesn't work too well for me -- too slow -- but I can't blame the program for that. Many reviewers are having other problems with it. I'm not.  I'll be back soon to tell you what happens once I have plenty of disk space again!
After reading a number of negative reviews, I was hesitant to install Acronis' True Image Home 2010. However, having suffered the horror of not having data backed up, I decided to give it the test.Installation was smooth on my XP Home, SP3 Dell Dimension 5150. (I recommend not selecting the bootable disk option.) Pluses for True Image Home 2010: easy and fast backup and recovery and a friendly, Windows style user interface, also continuous data protection. Additionally, the Try and Buy allows you to backup incrementally which is perfect for anyone visiting a malicious site and needing to back up to a point just minutes prior to the visit.Cons: Charges occur for support and online backup, some difficulty registering the key number.What's in the box?Bootable CDOne page instruction sheetFlyer for Acronis Backup advertising their pay-per-incident covrage.Overall I would say the product is decent, just not great. If you already have a backup feature on your computer, I don't see any advantage to installing Acronis True Image Home 2010.
I installed this on my daughters XP system so she could get a taste of video editing.The software itself has a lot of features, but the workflow is a bit oversimplified. She was able to produce some pretty nice videos, but was frustrated by crashes and lock ups that caused her to lose quite a bit of work. She eventually began camping out on my wife's mac and became an iMovie fanatic.This package is good for casual video editing, but if you want to do it on a regular basis, consider a newer package.
Pinnacle 14 is simple if you're going to use it for the same thing over and over, which most folks do. But it has additional features and a more robust functionality if you need to do a number of things with video.When doing any video-editing and formatting, a decent computer with plenty of RAM and a good video card is very helpful. If your system isn't up to snuff, you'll probably experience a crash and freeze here and there. Some features in particular are more memory-intensive than others, and the only way to find out which these are is to try things and see if they screw up your particular system.
I didn't want to post a review before completing a project, but I've come to the conclusion that may be while.  Since I got this as part of the Vine program to review I thought I'd post my current impressions and update it later:On first blush this program has a clean looking user interface.  I've some minor experience with other programs and this UI is by far the best.  I like the context sensitive menus and the simple timeline editing.  I find getting started pretty easy.  The challenge is using the rather deep field of features while dealing with the occasional but very frustrating crash.  I've gone through and updated the usual suspects: video drivers, latest Windows updates, and talked to customer service (moderate wait but generally helpful phone support).  It wouldn't be so bad but my crashes have come just as I was making some progress.  In the end I'm a little less inspired to press on.Based on my limited experience I would say the feature set looks very good for the price, and if you are lucky enough to not have any stability issues (not always the software's fault, my problems are just as likely to be video card related as a Pinnacle issue) I think this is the most promising video editing product I've owned.  Buying it from someone with a good return policy though, is highly recommended.
Pinnacle Studio Ultimate 14 is full of features that can help you easily get creative with your footage.  Installation is pretty straightforward.  You're prompted to register the activation code before installation begins.  Take note, the Red Dragon Magic Bullet Looks plug-in is incompatible with Intel integrated graphics.  If you do accidentally install it (as I did), you have to perform two uninstall processes (both can be found in Windows Add/Remove Programs).The interface is clean and logically arranged. Bypassing any instructions or how-to's,  I created a simple movie, complete with special effects, titles and transitions, in a few minutes by simply opening the program and following the logical layout. Output to both a DVD and a WMV file looked pretty good.  You can also quickly create a montage containing both video and still images from pre-set templates.  Pretty much anyone (with just a little PC savvy) should be able to quickly make a decent project without much difficulty. If you want to expand your creativity, a sizable manual, practice footage, and Flash-based step-by-step tutorial are provided to get you up and running.  The Ultimate studio package also contains a green screen for chroma key effects (superimposing a different background), and a set of Red Dragon plug-ins for special effects like sun glare, particles, toon skinning, etc.  As I edited subsequent footage, I found the interface easy to master and was able to locate most of the needed commands without referencing the user guide.  If you've ever been intimidated by the complex interfaces of typical video-editing programs, you'll find the UI of Pinnacle to be a welcome relief.  Although it's not as robust as a program like Sony Vegas, it offers plenty of creative flexibility for those who want something more polished and professional looking than basic programs like Windows Movie Maker can produce.Performance depends on your content.  Editing with HDV was simple and relatively trouble-free.  I was able to manipulate video, effects, and titles with no substantial performance hit.  I encountered occasional glitches, but nothing seriously alarming.  AVCHD was an entirely different matter.  First, I was prompted for a second online activation the initial time I attempted to work with AVCHD content.  Once underway, I encountered numerous stability issues.  My first AVCHD project crashed after I merely tried to edit inserted text.  Fortunately, the program had an auto-recovery feature and I was given the option to pick up where I left off after restarting the program. I then encountered a problem where a transition wouldn't insert between two particular clips.  I could insert transitions everywhere else, but could not insert at that particular spot on the timeline. Sometimes AVCHD video wouldn't play in the preview Window.  I also had a hard time previewing any added effects with AVCHD video.  Some of the exact same effects that previewed fine with HDV content could not be previewed with AVCHD content.  Encoding times also increased significantly.  Pinnacle recommends at least a 2.4 Ghz dual-core processor for AVCHD and a quad-core i7 for AVCHD 1920.  My system is a three-month-old laptop with a 2.2 Ghz dual-core Pentium CPU, 4GB of RAM, and Windows 7 64-bit OS.  Although it (barely) may not meet Pinnacle's suggested requirements, it's no slouch.  If you have an equal or lesser system and plan on working primarily with AVCHD, I strongly suggest looking elsewhere.I really like Pinnacle Studio when working with HDV.  If it digested AVCHD as easily as HDV, I'd probably love it.  In fairness to Pinnacle, I get similar issues with other editors when working with AVCHD files, although Pinnacle seems to be slightly more troublesome than the others. Most consumer laptops are mainstream models, not mobile workstations. AVCHD cameras have all but replaced HDV in the consumer market.  Pinnacle may want to find a way to strike a balance with those who don't have the latest quad-core i7 processors and 512MB (or greater) dedicated video cards. This is especially important because Pinnacle is primarily targeted to home users, not film students or professionals who likely have much better equipment.  Basically, this is a four star product if you have the gear to make the most of it.  If you don't, it's two (or less, depending on how far you fall below the recommended specs). I averaged it out at three because I like the HDV performance but hate the AVCHD performance.
It's a nice looking software package, and it came with a really great green screen, nice and large and perfect for editing, and a nice rebate if you're already using a competing product - BUT...I can't get it to RUN.I tried it first on my main computer which is running 3 monitors, one of which is being powered by a datalink device instead of an internal card.  As soon as the program started up, I noticed that monitor just went black.  After 30 seconds of listening to my poor harddrive just grind and grind, I tried to stop the program, but it wasn't showing up in device manager.  Stopped the dump, but the program still seemed hung on the display.  Had to restart my pc.  Thinking it was the datalink device, I disabled that, and then it started, but perhaps because my 2nd monitor video card isn't so great, it hemmed and hawed like a mule being forced off a ledge, telling my my card didn't have what *I know* it has.  I disabled that card & monitor, and it started! (So it has to be getting 'confused.')Running what I think is a crippled system, I can only do simple short movies with it, and it crashes- when it doesn't crash immediately after opening something - certainly not worth disabling what has become a beloved part of my system just to get it to start!I got rid of it, and let my husband put it on his PC.  It runs ok, but it is slow and we'd all rather just stick with After Effects since we know it and it runs better.  If you haven't learned After Effects YET, it might be easier, that is, if you are running it on a fairly normal system with a widely supported good video card.I'd think twice if I were choosing software and had a USB datalink devices.  In my experience, it couldn't seem to tell the difference in the display it is RUNNING it on, with other system displays.